<doc id="31007317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007317" title="La Pintada (archaeological site)">
La Pintada (archaeological site)

La Pintada is an archaeological site located some 60 kilometers south of the city of Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico, within the “La Pintada” canyon, part of the “Sierra Libre”, a small mountain massif of the coastal plains that extends throughout the Sonoran Desert.
La Pintada, a forgotten archaeological treasure, is an important archaeological zone of its kind in the state of Sonora. It offers visitors a glimpse of the ancestral cultural legacy as well as an extraordinary natural view of its flora, fauna and its orography.
The groups that lived here depended for survival on both; their knowledge of the territory and the availability of resources, and especially water. Their scarcity in a desert environment makes the places where water abounds in nodal points of territory. Hence, the “Sierra Libre”stands as an authentic oasis, it contains many natural water deposits, and the liquid abundance is reflected in the quantity and quality of available resources. Several containers in the La Pintada Canyon are filled during the summer rains and refilled with winter rains.
It was a spot where, according to some experts, native groups such as seris, pimas, yaquis, during their last years would hide from the spaniards conquering weapons. It is also known as "Macizo del Cerro Prieto", "Sierra Libre" or "Sierra Prieta". Caves, hollows, and rocks from this area were used by ancient natives as dwellings, funerary events, and sanctuaries.
The site is located within regional areas defined as Aridoamerica and Oasisamerica. Both are defined as independent of Mesoamerica and in turn are apparently differentiated from one another by cultural traits, one said to be composed of hunter-gatherers and the other in possession of agricultural techniques.
No information is available as to what the chronological periods are for each “region” was, as both cover about the same territories, nor their relation with other mesoamerican native cultures in Mexico.
Background.
Evidence of human existence in the state dates back over 10,000 years, with some of the best known remains at the San Dieguito Complex in the El Pinacate Desert. The first humans were nomadic hunter gatherers and used stone, seashell and wooden tools. In much of the prehistoric period, the environmental conditions were less severe than they are today. Vegetation was similar, but its distribution was wider and denser.
Agriculture first appears around 400 BCE and 200 CE in the river valleys. Ceramics developed after 750 CE and would diversity between 800 and 1350. Between 1100 and 1350, the region had small but somewhat socially complex villages, which were involved in well-developed trade networks. One exception to this was the lowland central coast which never truly adopted agriculture. As noted, Sonora and much of the northwest is not considered to be part of Mesoamerica, with Guasave in Sinaloa the most northwestern Mesoamerican settlement known, but there is evidence of trade between the peoples of Sonora and Mesoamerica.
Three cultures developed in the low flat areas of the state near the coast called the Trincheras tradition, the Huatabampo tradition and the Central Coast tradition. 
The Trincheras tradition is dated to between 750 and 1450 CE and mostly known from sites in the Altar, Magdalena and Concepción valleys, but their range extended from the Gulf of California into northern Sonora.
The tradition is named after trenches found in a number of sites, the best known of which is the Cerro de Trincheras.
The Huatabampo tradition is centered south of the Trincheras on the coast, with sites along extinct lagoons, estuaries and river valleys. The pottery is distinctive. The culture shows similarities with the Chametla to the south and the Hohokam to the north. It probably disappeared around 1000 CE. Unlike the other two tradition, the Central Coast remained a hunter-gatherer culture, as the area lacks the resources for agriculture.
The higher elevations of the state were dominated by the Río Sonora and Casas Grandes traditions. The Río Sonora culture is located in central Sonora from the border area to modern Sinaloa. A beginning date for this culture has not been determined but it probably disappeared by the early 1300s. The Casas Grandes tradition in Sonora was an extension of that based in the modern state of Chihuahua, and these people exerted their influence down to parts of the Sonoran coast.
Climatic changes in the middle of the 15th century resulted in the increased desertification of Sonora and northwest Mexico in general. This is the probable cause for the drastic decrease in the number and size of settlements starting around this time. Those peoples who remained in the area reverted to a less complex social organization and lifestyle. Whatever socially complex organization which existed in Sonora before the Spanish, was long gone by the 16th century.
The story of the origins of the cultural super area of Mesoamerica takes place some 2000 years after the separation of Mesoamerica and Aridoamerica. Some of the Aridoamerican communities farmed as a complement to their hunter-gatherer economy. Those communities, among whom one finds adherents to the Desert Tradition, later would become more truly agricultural and form Oasisamerica. The process of introducing agriculture in the desert-like land of northern Mexico and the southern United States was gradual and extensive: by the year 600 AD (a time which coincides with the twilight of Teotihuacan), several groups had already acquired agricultural techniques.
Ancient Cultural Groups.
Ancient native cultural groups inhabiting the region are the Mayos, the Yaquis and the Seris; however there are a number of other groups which have maintained much of their way of life in territory in which they have lived for centuries.
The Mayos, also called the Yoreme, are descendants from the ancient Huatabampo culture. They call themselves “people of the riverbank” as they are concentrated along the Mayo River.
The Yaquis are the ancestral cultural group mostly associated with the state of Sonora.
The Seris call themselves the Conca’ac, which means “the people” in the Seri language. The name Seri comes from the Opata language and means “men of sand.”
Generally, the Seris are the tallest of the indigenous peoples of the region, and the first Spanish to encounter them described them as “giants.”
The Tohono O’odham, still referred to as the Pápago, inhabited the most arid areas of the state, mostly in Caborca, Puerto Peñasco, Sáric, Altar and Plutarco Elías Calles in the north of the state. This group had ethnic relations with groups in Arizona. The Tohono O’odham have as a principle deity the “Older Brother,” who dominates the forces of nature.
The Opatas inhabited regions in the center and northwest of the state. This group name means “hostile people” and was given to them by the Pimas, as the Opatas were generally in conflict with their neighbors. They were especially hostile to the Tohono O’odham, who they depreciatingly refer to as the Papawi O’otham, or “bean people.”
The Pimas occupy the mountains of the Sierra Madre Occidental in eastern Sonora and western Chihuahua state. The Pimas call themselves the O’oh, which means “the people.” The name Pima was given to them by Spaniards because the word “pima” would be said in response to most questions asked to them in Spanish. This word roughly means “I don’t know” or “I don’t understand.” The traditional territory of this ethnicity is known as the Pimería, and it is divided into two regions: the Pimería Alta and the Pimería Baja.
The Guarijíos are one of the least understood groups in the state, and are mostly restricted to an area called the Mesa del Matapaco in the southeast. The Guarijíos are related to the Tarahumaras and the Cáhitas.
The Cocopah is the smallest native indigenous group to Sonora with only about 170 members, who live mostly in San Luis Río Colorado, along the U.S. border. Their original name Kuapak, means “which comes” and possibly refers to the frequent changes in the course of the Colorado River. There have been efforts to preserve what is left of the Cocopah culture, but only 47 individuals speak the Cocopah language.
The Kickapoos are not native to Sonora, but migrated here from the United States over a century ago. Today, they are found in the communities of El Nacimiento, Coahuila and Tamichopa in the municipality of Bacerac. Their ancestral language was part of the Algonquin family.
The Anasazi culture flourished in the region currently known as the Four Corners. The territory was covered by juniper forests which the ancient peoples learned to exploit for their own needs. The Anasazi society is one of the most complex to be found in Oasisamerica, and they are assumed to be the ancestors of the modern Pueblo people (including the Zuñi and Hopi). (The word "Anasazi" is a Navajo term meaning "enemy ancestors"; its neutrality should thus not be blindly assumed.)
In contrast to their Anasazi neighbors to the north, the nomadic communities of the Hohokam culture are poorly understood. They occupied the desert-like lands of Arizona and Sonora. The Hohokam territory is bounded by two large rivers, the Colorado and Gila Rivers, that outline the heart of the Sonora Desert. 
The principal settlements of the Hohokam culture were Snaketown, Casa Grande, Red Mountain, and Pueblo de los Muertos, all of which are to be found in modern-day Arizona. A slightly different branch of the Hohokam people is known as the Trincheras, named after their most well-known site in the Sonora Desert. The Hohokam lived in small communities of several hundred people.
The development of the Hohokam culture is divided into four periods: Pioneer (300 BC - 550 AD), Colonial (550-900 AD), Sedentary (900-1100 AD), and Classical (1100-1450 AD). The Pioneer period commenced with the construction of the canal works, and the Hohokam constructed semi subterranean dwellings in order to protect themselves from the blistering heat of the Sonoran Desert. In the Colonial period, ties were strengthened with Mesoamerica. Proof of this can be found in the recovery of copper bells, pyrite mirrors, and the construction of ballgame courts "juego de pelota", all of which display a very Hohokam touch. The relations with Mesoamerica and the presence of such traded goods indicate that by the Colonial period the Hohokam had already become organized into chiefdoms and centers of power. Relations with Mesoamerica would diminish in the following period, and the Hohokam turned to construct multi-story buildings like Casa Grande, which had four levels.
By the time the Europeans arrived in the Arizona and Sonora Deserts, a region which they named "Pimería Alta", the urban centers of the Hohokam had already become abandoned presumably due to the health and ecological disasters that befell the indigenous social system. The inhabitants of the region were called Pápagos, a group which spoke an Uto-Aztecan language.
The Mogollon was a cultural area of Mesoamerica that extended from the foothills of the Sierra Madre Occidental, northward to Arizona and New Mexico in the southwestern United States. Some scholars prefer to distinguish between two broad cultural traditions in this area: the Mogollon itself and the Paquime culture that were derived from it. Either way, the peoples who inhabited the area in question adapted well to a landscape that was marked by the presence of pine forests and steep mountains and ravines.
The Region.
The region has been widely studied by archeologists, anthropologists and historians, who have worked on ruins and fossilized bones. However, much of the research in this area is still in its initial descriptive stage with many basic questions still unanswered. As previously noted Sonora is considered to be a cultural zone separate from Mesoamerica, although there may have been some Mesoamerican influence. The major differences between Sonoran cultures and Mesoamerica include dry climate farming, although the same basics of corn, squash and beans are produced. There is also a heavier reliance on wild resources. More important was the lack of true cities during this area’s prehispanic history, with small settlements clustered around water sources and weak hierarchical systems. These cultures share some traits with those of the U.S. Southwest, however distinct.
The Cerro de Trincheras is an archeological site, with petroglyphs, plazas and astronomical observatories. The exact purpose of the area has been disputed, but the area reached its height between 1300 and 1450 CE, when it had population of about 1,000, which made its living growing corn, squash, cotton and agave. Its largest structure is called “La Cancha” (The Ballcourt), which is at the base of the north side of the hill. It is a rectangular patio marked by rocks piled on its edges, measuring . Some researchers believe it was some kind of ball court and others believe it was a kind of open air theater. On the hill itself is an observatory, which gives views of the area. Most of the area’s artifacts of stone and shell were found here. The Plaza de Caracol is marked by a meter and a half high stone wall in an open spiral, most likely used for ceremonies.
The site.
La Pintada comprises two different archaeological components; within the Canyon are cave paintings and rock engravings, while outside, on the alluvial plain of the Canyon are vestiges of various seasonal camping grounds in an extensive area, characterized by a concentration of archaeological material: ceramic, stone tools, sea shells and grinding artifacts.
Camping Grounds.
Most of the archaeological materials found in these grounds, are within the archaeological tradition known as Central Coast, and are particularly similar to those found by Edward Mosler and Thomas Bowen at sites in the region of Tastiota and Punta San Antonio in the southern part of the Central Coast area. So far, La Pintada is the site associated with that archaeological tradition farther away from the coastline.
Occupation of the camping grounds reached its peak between 700 and 1600 CE, judging from the abundance of ceramic smooth shark type; the presence of this ceramic as well other corresponding to historical and modern Seri types shows a cultural continuity which allows to infer the presence of Central Coast tradition groups as well as historical seris or concaác, without implying that they were the only inhabitants of the place or the cave painting component being their exclusive art work.
Cave Paintings.
The place is considered a ceremonial center, and one of the most important cave painting areas in the northwest of the country. There are no buildings or structures.
The Sonora and La Pintada archaeological wealth are characterized basically by the painting designs, and archaeological vestiges related to occasional settlements. The paintings depict over 400 different style or design types, that were drawn by different ethnical groups at different times, and was probably used as a ceremonial center.
It is believed to have been an open camping place, where people gathered as part of a collectors and hunters group circuit.
During 1960-1970 the first meticulous investigation work was made, since then there has been a few incidental works but not any more formal investigation.
The paintings are an artistic manifestation of what was around; describes the native view of the environment back then, their thought, as well as the way and forms of life.
The site was occupied by several groups in diverse times; in addition it was maintained as a sacred place, ceremonial and emblematic.
It is estimated that in the site there are over 2,500 of these graphical manifestations, of which around 70 percent has been digitally registered.
The paintings are distributed in a natural canyon as part of the Archaeological Zone. These designs are believed to be cosmo-vision representations of the ancient groups that occupied this area about 1,200 years ago, as well as during the Spanish invasion.
Since 2007, a group of technicians performs the meticulous analysis and digital registry of these ancient manifestations, distributed in 33 hectares. This work has provided knowledge of the fact that La Pintada was an important space for diverse human groups, as much for hunting-collector groups that inhabited it during the 12th and 13th centuries, as well as for native seris, yaquis and pimas that probably used it as a ritual center between the 17th and 18th centuries.
The rock represented images; made 1,200 years ago, represent local fauna such as deer, reptiles and birds, depicted by the first hunting-collector groups, when shaping them in stone, possibly as part of ancient rituals.
La Pintada Archaeological Zone emblematic representation is the painting called “the deer”, it is one of the largest of the site, measuring 1 by 1.20 meters high, in which a native boy mounting a deer is depicted, and this scene matches the seri myth of the powerful boy.
La Pintada Friends.
There are independent voices interested, although are not absolutely in agreement with available information.
Héctor Domínguez, president of the Association “Amigos de la Pintada”, indicated that the resource talked about for site restoration, 1.5 million is insufficient. He talked about what has been done and of what remains to be done, for the sake of the patrimony.
The idea to integrate the Association was made on March 21, 2000. Formed by friends of ecology, meditation and nature contact, willing to work a little bit “more consciously”.
INAH believes that the work has been affected by political problems, reflected by two very abrupt director changes, it is difficult to consider that a director confronts power struggle situations, that “are embarrassing”; apparently caused by a highway location disagreements.

</doc>
<doc id="31007319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007319" title="Juan Carlos Maldonado">
Juan Carlos Maldonado

Juan Carlos Maldonado (born September 7, 1986 in La Falda (Córdoba), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Coquimbo Unido of the Primera B in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31007326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007326" title="Bukkake (disambiguation)">
Bukkake (disambiguation)

Bukkake is a group sex act in pornography. Bukkake may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31007329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007329" title="Gun laws in Oklahoma">
Gun laws in Oklahoma

Gun laws in Oklahoma regulate the sale, possession, and use of firearms and ammunition in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. 
Oklahoma is generally a gun-friendly state, and has mostly less-restrictive gun laws. Being part of the Southern United States and Western United States, Oklahoma is home to a strong gun culture, which is reflected in Oklahoma's gun laws.
On May 15, 2012, Oklahoma State Senate Bill 1733 was signed into law by Governor Mary Fallin, which authorized open and concealed carry of handguns by permit holders. This law took effect November 1, 2012, and made Oklahoma the 25th state of the United States to allow licensed open carry.
Overview.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Buying, Selling, and Owning Firearms.
Private Sales.
In Oklahoma (under state law), private sales of firearms are legal. However, knowingly selling a firearm to a person who cannot legally purchase or possess the firearm (such as a convicted felon, minor, or drug addict) is illegal, and punishable by up to 180 days in jail. Under state law, you must be 18 to buy a firearm of any type (handguns or long guns) from a private seller.
Prohibited Persons.
Felons, mentally ill persons, drug addicts, and certain juvenile offenders are prohibited from buying or owning firearms. You must be 18 years of age to possess or own firearms, with a few exceptions for special circumstances. When purchasing a firearm from a dealer, you must complete a federal background check. This process (passing the background check) usually only takes a few minutes, but the government has up to three days to complete the background check. After three days, the dealer has the right to proceed or deny the transfer. There is no limit to the number of firearms that a person may buy or own under state law.
Minors and Firearms.
Minors may own firearms that are given to them by their parents, relatives, or legal guardians. However, they may not generally possess firearms unsupervised until they are 18 years of age. There are exceptions to this rule, such as when a minor possessing a hunting license (and having passed a hunter's safety course) is hunting, possession of firearm(s) on certain types of private property, and possession of firearm(s) in one's own home.
NFA Firearms.
Owning or possessing a short-barreled shotgun or rifle is illegal and a felony under state law, unless the short barreled firearm is registered under the National Firearms Act. Owning or possessing a fully automatic firearm is not illegal under state law, but is still illegal under federal law unless the automatic firearm is registered under the National Firearms Act. Local and State authorities are not obligated to enforce federal firearms law or notify federal authorities of federal firearms law violations, however they may, or may not, choose to do so.
Carrying Firearms in Public.
Carrying a handgun in public circumstances or on public land requires a valid handgun carry permit, issued by the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation. Individuals must pass an extensive background check, meet certain requirements, be at least 21 years of age, and pass a firearms handling and safety course to be issued a permit.
Restrictions on Carrying Handguns.
Individuals possessing handgun carry permits may not carry handguns firearms of greater than .45 caliber. Individuals with handgun carry permits may not carry in an establishment whose primary purpose is the serving of alcoholic beverages. Handgun carry permit holders may not consume alcoholic beverages while carrying. Doing so will result in revocation of carry permit and possible criminal charges. Carry with permit is allowed in an establishment that serves alcoholic beverages, (such as a restaurant that serves alcoholic beverages) as long as that is not the primary purpose of said establishment. Handgun carry permit holders cannot carry into any sports arena during a professional sporting event, in an area or building where pari-mutuel wagering is authorized (such as a casino), cannot carry in schools nor in any government building. 
Handgun carry permit holders must have their license on their person while they are carrying.
Penalties for Carrying Without Permit.
Carrying a firearm in public, loaded or unloaded, without a permit is generally illegal and a misdemeanor under state law. Penalties for a first time offense are a maximum of 30 days in jail, confiscation of the firearm(s) illegally carried, and a $250 fine. Repeat offenses may be punished by up to 90 days in jail, with an increased fine.
Handgun Carry Reciprocity.
Oklahoma recognizes and legally respects all and any out of state handgun carry permits, even if the issuing state does not recognize an Oklahoma carry permit. 
Oklahoma §21-1290.26. reads ""The State of Oklahoma hereby recognizes any valid concealed or unconcealed carry weapons permit or license issued by another state. Any person entering this state in possession of a firearm authorized for concealed or unconcealed carry upon the authority and license of another state is authorized to continue to carry a concealed or unconcealed firearm and license in this state; provided the license from the other state remains valid. The firearm must either be carried unconcealed and in plain view or fully concealed from detection and view, and upon coming in contact with any peace officer of this state, the person must disclose the fact that he or she is in possession of a concealed or unconcealed firearm pursuant to a valid concealed or unconcealed carry weapons permit or license issued in another state.""
Transporting Firearms.
Individuals with hunting licenses may open carry loaded long arms and handguns when hunting during hunting season. Outside of this and a few other limited exceptions, Open Carry of handguns in a public setting requires a valid carry permit. Carry of unloaded, cased firearms without a permit is allowed while on foot, just as it is allowed while traveling in a vehicle. Firearms that are not handguns, (long arms) carried by pedestrians generally must be both completely unloaded and cased. 
However, any person eligible to legally possess firearms may openly carry unloaded firearms that are not cased specifically ""When going to or from the person's private residence or vehicle or a vehicle in which the person is riding as a passenger to a place designated or authorized for firearms repairs or reconditioning, or for firearms trade, sale, or barter, or gunsmith, or hunting animals or fowl, or hunter safety course, or target shooting, or skeet or trap shooting or any recognized firearms activity or event and while in such places"". Only under these circumstances may individuals carry unloaded firearms publicly that are not cased.
Generally, when carrying firearms in a motor vehicle, (when traveling on public land or roads) they must be out of reach of the driver, unloaded, and cased. Persons possessing a handgun carry license may carry a loaded handgun inside their vehicle on their person, just as they are permitted to do so on foot. Persons possessing a handgun carry license may transport a loaded handgun in a motor vehicle under their control, and store a loaded handgun in a locked, secure, motor vehicle. They may also transport loaded magazines for both handguns and long guns, however, they cannot legally transport loaded long guns. Firearms being improperly transported in any way may be immediately confiscated by police without compensation.
Carry on Private Property.
Open or concealed carry of a firearm on privately owned land or inside a residence (such as a backyard, in your own home, or a large farm) is legal for persons 18 years and older who can legally possess firearms, and no permit is required. However, if a disturbance is caused, such carry could be construed as Disturbing the peace by law enforcement. Additionally, brandishing a firearm without good, legal cause (such as self defense, defense of another, or lawful defense of property) is illegal. Carrying a firearm on private property generally requires the consent/permission of the property owner.
Prohibited Places and Authorized Persons.
Carrying of any firearms or weapons in a government building or on school grounds is illegal and a felony, even if the citizen carrying possesses a concealed carry permit. The only exceptions to this law are for licensed government or security personnel, such as state police officers, agents of the federal government, and certain security guards. Security guards of at least 21 years of age may receive a license to possess firearms during the course of their official duties if they meet certain requirements. Security guards are not authorized to carry firearms outside of their official duties. Police officers and qualified retired police officers are allowed to carry a handgun when off-duty, however, they are subject to many of the same restrictions and conditions on carry as a private citizen with a handgun carry license when not performing their official duties.
Concealed Carry On Campus.
Concealed carry permit holders are not allowed to carry on college campuses. Doing so will usually result in serious criminal charges, and permanent permit revocation. There is an exception to this rule, but it is very specific, and rarely utilized. In order for a concealed carry permit holder to carry on a college campus in complete legality, they must obtain written permission from the president of the specific college where they wish to carry. The president may issue restrictions or conditions on the permission to carry on campus. Also, a physical copy of the written authorization must be carried by the permit holder while they are carrying concealed on campus. Very few, if any, concealed carry permit holders ever receive authorization to carry a concealed firearm on any college campus in the state, due to these restrictions.
House Bill 1652 would allow licensed students, teachers and visitors to keep their guns in their locked vehicles on CareerTech campuses. HB 1652 alters current legislation, which outlaws weapons on CareerTech campuses. The legislation, by Rep. John Enns, passed the committee 11-4 on 3 March 2011, and passed the full House by a vote of 84-14 on 17 February 2011. The new law took effect on 1 November 2011. http://www.oscn.net/applications/oscn/DeliverDocument.asp?CiteID=462332
Specific Crimes with Firearms.
Carrying a firearm while substantially intoxicated by alcohol or another drug is a gross misdemeanor, punishable by several weeks to months in jail. Carrying a firearm in a bar without a permit is a felony. Being in possession of a firearm or imitation firearm while committing a crime of violence is a felony, regardless of whether or not the firearm or imitation firearm is used in the commission of the said crime of violence. Intentionally discharging a firearm in the commission of a crime of violence is a felony.
Carrying a firearm or dangerous weapon with the intent to commit a crime of violence is a felony.
Intentionally discharging a firearm into, or at, any dwelling, or any building used for public or business purposes, is a felony, regardless of whether or not the dwelling or building is occupied. 
Intentionally pointing a firearm, loaded or unloaded, at a person, is a misdemeanor usually punished by several months in jail, and may be prosecuted as a felony, with additional penalties, if the purpose of such pointing was to cause fear, emotional distress, or to intimidate.
Discharging a firearm within a municipality (inside city limits) is illegal, even if a firearm is discharged on private property. State-licensed or recognized shooting ranges are exempt from this law. 
It is unlawful for any person to ""engage in reckless conduct"" while possessing a firearm, if such actions create ""a situation of unreasonable risk and probability of death or great bodily harm to another"" and demonstrate ""a conscious disregard for the safety of another person"". 
It is a felony to possess, use, attempt to use, carry, manufacture, cause to be manufactured, import, advertise for sale, or sell ammunition which has "a core of less than sixty percent (60%) lead" and also "has a fluorocarbon coating, which is capable of penetrating body armor". 
The State of Oklahoma preempts almost all local regulation of firearms. Municipalities may not have any laws or ordinances pertaining to firearms that are more restrictive than state law.
Right to Keep and Bear Arms in State Constitution.
Section 26 of the bill of rights to the Constitution of the State of Oklahoma states, "The right of a citizen to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person, or property, or in aid of the civil power, when thereunto legally summoned, shall never be prohibited; but nothing herein contained shall prevent the Legislature from regulating the carrying of weapons. "

</doc>
<doc id="31007339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007339" title="Eva Logar">
Eva Logar

Eva Logar (born 8 March 1991 in Ljubljana, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian ski jumper, who represents the club SD Zabrdje.
Her biggest career result was fourth place individual in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo at normal hill. In the Continental Cup, the highest level in women's ski jumping, she has almost consistently placed among the top ten in the 2010/2011 season.
She competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, where she placed 27th in normal hill.

</doc>
<doc id="31007346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007346" title="Víctor Rodríguez Núñez">
Víctor Rodríguez Núñez

Víctor Rodríguez Núñez (Havana, 1955) is a Cuban poet, journalist, literary critic and translator.
In addition to Cuba, he has lived in Nicaragua, Colombia, and the United States, where he is currently an Associate Professor of Spanish at Kenyon College.
Poetry.
Rodríguez Núñez has published eighteen books of poetry, including:
Poetry Awards.
Rodríguez Núñez has won numerous prizes for his poetry:
Poetry in Translation.
Rodríguez Núñez’s Selected Poems has been translated into the following languages:
A wide selection of his poetry has also been translated into Dutch, German, Hungarian, Lithuanian, Portuguese, Russian, Serbian and Slovenian.
Cultural Journalism.
During the eighties Rodríguez Núñez wrote for and was the editor of "El Caimán Barbudo", one of Cuba’s leading cultural magazines, where he published dozens of articles on literature and film. A selection of his interviews with Hispanic poets appears in "La poesía sirve para todo" (Havana: Unión, 2008).
He is currently the assistant director of the Mexican cultural journal, "La Otra."
Literary Criticism.
Rodríguez Núñez has compiled three influential anthologies that have defined his poetic generation:
Most recently, he introduced and compiled a major anthology of 20th century poetry in Cuba, "Poesía cubana: Antología esencial", for the Spanish publisher Visor (Madrid: 2011). 
His book-length study on Gabriel García Márquez’s non-fiction, "Cien años de solidaridad" (Havana: Unión, 1986) was awarded the Enrique José Varona Prize in 1986. 
Rodríguez Núñez has published various critical editions, introductions, and essays on Spanish American poets including:
Translation.
Rodríguez Núñez is also a translator. 
From Spanish into English, titles include: 
From Spanish into English:
He is an Associate Editor for Salt Publishing’s Earthwork’s Series of Latin American Poetry in Translation.

</doc>
<doc id="31007381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007381" title="Vasili Popugaev">
Vasili Popugaev

Vasili Vasilyevich Popugaev () (1778 or 1779 – c. 1816) was a Russian poet, novelist, and translator. He was one of the leaders of the Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts.
Life.
Popugaev was born in 1778 or 1779 in St. Petersburg, the son of an artist. He was orphaned early and in 1786 was adopted at public expense into the gymnasium at the Imperial Academy of Sciences, where he studied for twelve years but without being graduated.
In 1797 Popugaev began working for the St. Petersburg censor, where in December 1802 he joined the committee drafting new censorship laws. He stayed with the censor until August 1811, first as assistant editor of the second department, then (from 1809) as head of the archives commission.
During some of this time Popugaev also taught Russian language and literature at the Petrischule.
On June 18, 1812, Popugaev entered service in the Department of Communications, where he first performed the duties of chief clerk for the classification of overland communications, then (from 1816) was a translator for the chief of the head office.
Accurate information about Popugaev's further life has not been preserved. According to the memoirs of Nikolai Grech, Popugaev died in 1816, probably in Tver. According to Grech, Popugaev was a "fiery, eccentric poet, a boisterous friend of truth and a persecutor of evil, unstable, hot-tempered, gentle and simple" who often served as "an object of ridicule from people who did not understand him, and which hurt him".
Works.
Popugaev's literary career was short, about ten or twelve years, but despite this modest length he was a worthwhile and important writer. He was one of the few bright voices of the political direction that arose during the reign of Catherine the Great, only to stall under Czar Paul but to be renewed with new force at the beginning of the reign of Czar Alexander I.
Popugaev's first literary experiments, such as his story "The Apothecary's Island, or The Distress of Love" (St. Petersburg, 1800) and his early sentimental poems, in the mode that Tynyanov and Lotman would later described as "Karamzinism", do not show distinction in comparison with many of his contemporary poets.
Among Popugaev's works are a separate edition of the novel "The Apothecary's Island, or The Distress of Love" (St. Petersburg, 1800) and "Minutes of Music", a collection of poems (St. Petersburg, 1801, first volume; there was to have been a second volume but this apparently was never published). 
Popugaev's work is closely associated with the Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts, appearing in journals and proceeding of the Society and in publications by other members of the Society. Thus in the volumes of the Society's publication "Scroll of the Muses" (St. Petersburg 1802 and 1808) are found some of Popugaev's poems which attracted interest: "Pygmalion", "Poem in Commemoration of a Generous Act by Angersteyna", "Letter to Born", "To a Friend", and others.
Popugaev also contributed poems and essays to the Society's journal, "Telegram", with such works as "The Negro" (translation from Spanish), "The Dignity of the Old Pedagogy in Russia", "On Political Education in General", "On the Public Education of the People and the Impact Thereof on Political Education", "On History as a Subject of Political Education", and "The Effect of Public Education on Industry and Science".
Popugaev also contributed to the N. F. Ostolopova's magazine "The Philologist". Some of his poems appear in the anthology "Thalia" (1807) by Society member Benittskogo. Some works by Popugaev are preserved in manuscript, surviving in the archives of the Society, while others we know only by title.
Popugaev made translations of Volneya, Filandzhieri, Machiavelli, Tacitus, and others ("The General Plan of Legislative Provisions", "The Effect of Education on Laws and Government, "On Feudalism", "The Legal Argument for Infanticide", "On Monarchy", and more). His other original essays include "The Spartans", "The Unhappy Family", "On Poetry", "Discourse on the Colors of the Rainbow", "An Essay on the Prosperity of Folk Societies", and more.
The Society.
Popugaev, with Nikolai Grech, Ivan Born and others, formed a literary society which had its first session on July 15, 1801. On November 26, 1803 the group was officially recognized and chartered as the St. Petersburg Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts.
The Society was originally formed simply as a venue for members to pursue their own literary education and learning, but the interests of some founders – Popugaev in particular, but also Born – also ran toward the socio-political, and some of the Society's lectures took on political overtones. Popugaev was in these early years the soul of the Society: he was its First Secretary, its censor, its most assiduous recruiter of new members, and its most active speaker and worker on the Society's publications. While unquestionably erudite and energetic, yet Popugaev (in the words of Grech) "Inspired the most pure intentions, was indifferent to the judgments of the world and worldly relations, rushed in all directions, began many projects but did not finish anything."
Beginning with a desire to practice diligently at writing poetry and stories of both light and serious content, Popugaev gradually turned to public discourse and rhetoric; he studied and translated Western philosophers, legal thinkers, and writers on in philology, history, and finally, physics, and he wrote essays and reviews on all of these subjects.
Of Popugaev's legacy in literature and in society, we can form some idea. He was a man of serious mind, strict with himself and others, passionate, fond, an autodidact on the literature of the French theorists of freethought and himself a freethinker. His ideal social order was ancient republican Sparta, with its severe laws, especially regarding education. To Popugaev, the highest title was "citizen", the greatest wealth personal freedom, the greatest evils indifference, ambition, tyranny, and slavery.
All these views Popugaev expressed clearly, and sometimes sharply, in his passionate poems to civic motivation. Like other members of the Society, he welcomed the new reign which promised to promote public education, but chastised it for failing to honor its pledge that the strong should abide by the laws, protect the people's happiness, march in the paths of righteousness, and care for the peaceful development of the state. In Popugaev's poems, one constantly hears the call to social activism, education, humanitarianism.
But Popugaev's civic ideals are most clearly expressed in his speeches before the society, and his reports and papers – for example, in a series of articles under the title "On Political Education", especially the last, "On the Public Education of the People and the Impact Thereof on Political Education", where Popugaev advocates the idea of a merging, through education, of the interests of different classes of society and the urgent need to eliminate class selfishness and prejudice and to instill in the minds of the younger generation of future citizens the sanctity of public benefit.
On the issue of education in particular and society in general, Popugaev held the opinion "People can live as they please, but under some enlightened government recognized and approved by the local people". "Public education, modeled on ancient Sparta's, is preferable to nepotism". "Every citizen should know the relationship and responsibilities of his connection with society: customs, laws, and rights are first and foremost relationships of political societies and of politics". To Popugaev, the study of laws should be put in the first place in education, but history, as a matter of education, should serve not so much to enrich the mind with facts and common affairs of the past but should be seen in a philosophical spirit: " must be useful for the citizens of a common polity"; "History must be the mirror of the great issues which, as in a painting, represent the immortal role models and their path to fame – or to judgment."
With regard to Popugaev's political beliefs: He sympathized with cosmopolitanism and was ready to "love, as brothers, all peoples"; but he was also an ardent patriot of the democratic tendency.
Hating slavery and loving liberty, he wrote the story "The Negro", which declares that "The Will is not for sale, and no tyrant may possess it". He praises the Spartans and the heroes of antiquity, the fighters for freedom of the individual. He wrote an essay in two parts, "On the Plight of the Peasants, which is Attributable to Feudalism", the first part being "An Essay on the Prosperity of Folk Societies". However, the other members of the Society felt almost unanimously that the tone of the article was too harsh, even in a time when "The government itself, the Emperor himself, has studied ways to alleviate the plight of the peasants".
Popugaev was an admirer of Alexander Radishchev, whose memory was honored as sacred by members of the Society, and was a great proponent of the much discussed (but never implemented, until after Popugaev's death) Monument to Minin and Pozharsky.
Of course, youth and zeal, as well as the favorable conditions in the early years of the reign of Alexander I, gave Popugaev courage. But it was a courage limited to words alone. The great ideas which Popugaev hoped would "spawn a new light, new views on things and a new model for public governance" ultimately ruined Popugaev: he fell into a controversy which led, on the one hand, to a vague and contradictory theory of the 18th Century and, on the other hand, to a lack of practical experience and political temperament. The Society began to suffer various misunderstandings and problems, and under the influence of Born and 
Ivan Pnin, Popugaev's vision for the Society was replaced by a purely literary direction and a turning toward the views of Alexander I – all of which could not help but sap Popugaev's zeal.
Not wanting to put up with the Society's new trend and not feeling strong enough to fight it, Popugaev left the Society in March 1811 and appears to have ceased his literary activities, which gradually faded from public memory.
With the departure of Popugaev and other talented members (including Born) and coming of the French invasion of Russia in 1812, the Society suspended operations, not to be resumed until after Popugaev's death.

</doc>
<doc id="31007400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007400" title="Turiasorex">
Turiasorex

Turiasorex is an extinct genus of shrew mammal which existed in east central Spain, during the middle and late Miocene. Its fossils have been recovered from the Calatayud-Daroca and Teruel basins, Spain. It was first named by Jan A. van Dam, Lars W. van den Hoek Ostende and Jelle W. F. Reumer in 2011 and the type species is "Turiasorex pierremeini".

</doc>
<doc id="31007402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007402" title="UniBank">
UniBank

uniBank (Ghana) Limited, commonly known as uniBank, is a private bank in Ghana. It is one of the twenty-seven (27) commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Ghana, the banking regulator in that country.
Overview.
uniBank is a mid-sized financial services provider in Ghana. , the bank's total assets were valued at approximately US$144.3 million (GHS:220 million), with shareholders' equity of approximately US$13 million (GHS:20 million).
History.
The bank was incorporated in 1997 as a financial services provider. Following the issuance of a banking license, UniBank began providing banking services in January 2001, focusing on meeting the banking needs of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and those of individual customers. In 2009, the bank began offering Internet banking and mobile banking.
Ownership.
The stock of uniBank is privately held. The detailed shareholding in the company stock is not publicly available at the moment.
Branch Network.
As of April 2013, uniBank maintained Twenty-Six (26) networked branches in seven of Ghana's ten (10) Regions namely: Ashanti Region, Greater Accra Region, Western Region, Eastern Region, Ghana, Brong Ahafo Region, Ghana, Northern Region, Ghana and Upper East Region, Ghana .

</doc>
<doc id="31007419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007419" title="Sara Takanashi">
Sara Takanashi

Career.
Takanashi placed sixth in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo. In World Cup she debuted on 3 December 2011 in Lillehammer where she took fifth place.
Takanashi is the current women's record holder of the Kiremitliktepe Ski Jump (HS109) in Erzurum, Turkey
with 110.5 m set at the 2012 FIS Junior World Ski Championships on February 21.
Takanashi has a record of 24 World Cup victories followed by Sarah Hendrickson's record of 13 wins.
She has won 15 individual World Cup ski jumping events out of 18 in the 2013/14 season. At the Olympics event, she was third after her first jump, in which she flew 100 meters for 124.1 points, but her second jump apparently failed—the 98.5-meter jump earned 118.9 points, or ninth in the ranking, then ranked as 4th overall, thus missed the podium first time in the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31007425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007425" title="Jovlon Ibrokhimov">
Jovlon Ibrokhimov

Jovlon Ibrokhimov (; born 10 December 1990) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for FC Bunyodkor. He plays as a midfielder.
Career.
On 24 February 2011 FC Bunyodkors site presented and announced Jovlon Ibrokhimov as Bunyodkor's player for Season 2011.
International.
Ibrokhimov has made appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="31007432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007432" title="Healthcare Improvement Scotland">
Healthcare Improvement Scotland

Healthcare Improvement Scotland (HIS) is a public body created in April 2011. It is part of the Scottish National Health Service.
HIS was established by the Public Services Reform (Scotland) Act 2010, taking over the work of NHS Quality Improvement Scotland (NHS QIS) and the regulatory functions, in regard to independent healthcare provision, previously conducted by the Care Commission, now renamed the Care Inspectorate.
The function of the new body is to implement the healthcare priorities of the Scottish Government, in particular the Healthcare Quality Strategy of NHS Scotland.
Units within Healthcare Improvement Scotland.
Healthcare Improvement Scotland incorporates several organisations::
Scottish Intercollegiate Guidelines Network.
The Scottish Intercollegiate Guidelines Network (SIGN) was formed in 1993 and develops evidence based clinical practice guidelines for the Scottish National Health Service. Membership includes medical specialists, nursing, pharmacy, dentistry, professions allied to medicine, patients, managers, social services and researchers. In 2005 it became part of NHS Quality Improvement Scotland.
Guidelines are developed by multidisciplinary working groups with representation from across Scotland. Each Guideline has the preliminary conclusions and draft recommendations presented it to a wider audience for feedback before publication. After publication they are available for download free of charge.
There are over 130 Guidelines available on their website including ones in 2014 on dental caries and lung cancer and in 2013 on breast cancer, hepatitis C, chronic pain, schizophrenia and antithrombotic therapy. Most conditions have been covered at least once 
Scottish Medicines Consortium.
The Scottish Medicines Consortium (SMC) has the role of providing advice to NHS Boards and their Area Drug and Therapeutics Committees (ADTCs) about all newly licensed medicines.
It seeks to supply advice within 12 weeks of a new medicine being licensed to ensure that patients who could benefit can get access to the medicine as quickly as possible. The speed of the process has allowed the SMC to be compared favourably against the performance of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) which performs a similar role for the NHS in England and Wales. On one occasion, NICE was accused of incompetence by the Royal National Institute of Blind People (RNIB) for delaying issuing advice for England and Wales about a drug that had already been approved for use in Scotland by the SMC.

</doc>
<doc id="31007442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007442" title="Yemeni constitutional referendum, 1991">
Yemeni constitutional referendum, 1991

A constitutional referendum was held in Yemen on 15 and 16 May 1991. The new constitution was reportedly approved by 98.5% of voters, with a 72.2% turnout.

</doc>
<doc id="31007462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007462" title="Yemeni constitutional referendum, 2001">
Yemeni constitutional referendum, 2001

A constitutional referendum was held in Yemen on 20 February 2001. The amendments to the constitution were reportedly approved by 77.2% of voters, with a 65.1% turnout.

</doc>
<doc id="31007466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007466" title="Apocalypse (Bill Callahan album)">
Apocalypse (Bill Callahan album)

Apocalypse is an album released on April 5, 2011 by Bill Callahan. It is the third studio album released under his own name, and fourteenth overall when including LPs released as Smog. "Mojo" and "Pitchfork" both placed the album at number 23 on their "Top 50 albums of 2011" lists while "Uncut" placed the album at number 25.
Personnel.
Bass – Brian Beattie, Matt Kinsey
Drums – Neal Morgan
Electric Guitar – Bill Callahan, Matt Kinsey
Electric Piano – Jonathan Meiburg
Piano – Jonathan Meiburg
Snare – Bill Callahan
Vocals – Bill Callahan
Fiddle – Gordon Butler
Flute – Luke Franco
Guitar – Bill Callahan
Mastered By – Roger Seibel
Mixed By – Brian Beattie
Producer – Bill Callahan
Recorded By – John Congleton

</doc>
<doc id="31007476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007476" title="Ayumi Watase">
Ayumi Watase

She placed seventh in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31007494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007494" title="NCAA Division I softball career sub-1.00 ERA list">
NCAA Division I softball career sub-1.00 ERA list

There are currently 59 pitchers and 41 records in the sub-1.00 ERA Club:
Progression.
Debbie Doom ended her career pitching a 9 inning win in the 1985 Women's College World Series final vs. the Nebraska Cornhuskers. She only allowed an unearned run to solidify her career ERA in 725.2 innings. She was one of the first NCAA Division I pitchers to accomplish a -1.00 ERA for a four-year career. Debby Day was the first to pitch her entire career from 43 ft., whereas all others prior to the 1988 season pitched from 40 ft.
Shutouts.
In addition, there are currently 23 pitchers in the -1.00 ERAs club that amassed at least 60 career shutouts:
Monica Abbott - 112; Michele Granger - 94; Cat Osterman - 85; Debbie Nichols - 84; Rhonda Wheatly - 83; Alicia Hollowell - 81; Jamie Southern - 79; Courtney Blades - 77; Sarah Dawson 74; Shawn Andaya - 73; Terry Carpenter - 73; Danielle Henderson - 71; Debby Day - 70; Brandice Balschmiter - 68; Amanda Scott - 68; Debbie Doom - 66; Keira Goerl - 64; Stephani Williams - 64; Stacey Johnson - 62; Lisa Longaker - 61; Susie Parra - 61; Amy Unterbrink - 61; Stacey Nelson - 60.
Fun Facts.
Courtney Blades won the most games with an NCAA record 52 and 0.89 ERA in 2000 and also has the most earned runs in a career for the list at 176. As a sophomore in 1988, Debbie Nichols tossed another NCAA all-time and Sophomore Class record 36 shutouts, producing an 0.53 ERA. Rhonda Wheatly pitched the all-time and Sophomore Class record 434.1 innings and had an 0.27 ERA. Carrie Dever threw just 50.0 innings as a freshman in a non-injury season and had an 0.56 ERA. Debbie Doom set the all-time Junior Class ERA record in 1984 by giving up a list best 3 earned runs for a 0.10 ERA; Melanie Parrent matched that earned run total as a freshman and had an 0.25 ERA. Doom also surrendered the least amount of earned runs on the list for a career at 30. The most earned runs allowed by a pitcher on the list is 66 by Nicole Myers in her freshman campaign for a 2.05 ERA. Stacey Nelson had the highest ERA on the list in her freshman year of 2006 at 2.10. The most career innings thrown by a pitcher on the list is Monica Abbott's NCAA record 1448.0; Vicki Morrow pitched 700.2 for her career, the minimal innings of any pitcher on the list.
Along with Doom's 1984 ERA, Karen Snelgrove (0.18 ERAs in 1991-1992) and Tami Johnston (0.21 ERA in 1985) rank in the top-10 for an NCAA season in ERA. Additionally, Lisa Longaker (0.29 ERA in 1988), Tiffany Boyd (0.24 ERA in 1989), Snelgrove in 1991, Trinity Johnson (0.37 ERA in 1997), Amanda Scott (0.24 and 0.40 ERAs in 1999-2000), Amanda Freed (0.46 ERA in 2001), Jamie Southern (0.44 and 0.54 ERAs in 2002, 2004), Cat Osterman (0.37, 0.36 and 0.41 ERAs in 2003, 2005-2006), Angela Tincher (0.56 and 0.63 ERAs in 2007-2008) and Stacey Nelson (0.61 ERA in 2009) were tops for those NCAA seasons.
Finally, Doom (0.31, 0.10 and 0.27 ERAs in 1982 and 1984-1985), Susan LeFebvre (0.27 ERA in 1986), Shawn Andaya (0.44 ERA in 1987), Boyd (0.29 ERA in 1989), Debby Day (0.49 ERA in 1991), Susie Parra (0.43, 0.63 and 1.04 ERAs in 1991, 1993-1994), Scott (0.79 ERA in 1998), Freed (0.96 ERA in 1999), Keira Goerl (0.63 and 1.02 ERAs in 2003-2004), Jennie Ritter (0.92 ERA in 2005) and Alicia Hollowell (0.89 ERA in 2006) all won NCAA National Championships those years.

</doc>
<doc id="31007507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007507" title="Homero Sartori">
Homero Sartori

Homero Sartori (born March 28, 1983 in Jales, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Deportivo Español of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31007527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007527" title="Ohio Web Library">
Ohio Web Library

The Ohio Web Library is a large collection of over 280 electronic information resources, or online databases, provided by Libraries Connect Ohio (LCO), which is composed of four major Ohio library networks — OPLIN, OhioLINK, INFOhio, and the State Library of Ohio. Within these licensed databases are almost 31,000 individual electronic serial titles (i.e., publications with ISSN), and the databases are accessed through a federated search tool or meta search engine with a simple interface.
LCO can cooperatively purchase access to these statewide resources at a cost-effective rate whereas most individual libraries would not be able to afford them on their own. These subscription-based research databases are available for free to all Ohio residents regardless of their location, age, education, or economic status and include online publications and research resources, such as scholarly journals, popular magazines, trade publications, newspapers (Ohio and nationwide), encyclopedias, dictionaries, and educational/training tutorials.
Funding and Governance.
The Ohio Web Library is funded by a federal IMLS Library Services and Technology Act (LSTA) grant through the State Library of Ohio, which provides about $1.5 million per year. The three LCO library networks — OPLIN, OhioLINK, and INFOhio — provide an additional $3 million in state funds each year from their budgets. The federal LSTA grant that helps fund the Ohio Web Library is a temporary funding measure that expires every June 30. No permanent funding is in place to sustain these resources or to expand them.
The Ohio Web Library resources are purchased by Ohio libraries and library organizations for exclusive use by Ohio residents. This system uses IP address recognition to verify whether someone is located in Ohio, but these resources can also be accessed by providing an Ohio public library card number for user authentication.
Collaborative Library Organizations.
The Ohio Web Library is a collaborative effort of Ohio libraries and the following library organizations:
Ohio Public Library Information Network (OPLIN).
The Ohio Public Library Information Network (OPLIN) provides broadband Internet connections and related information services to Ohio public libraries. Its primary mission is to ensure that all Ohio residents have free public Internet access through the 251 independent local public library systems in Ohio, as well as the use of research databases not freely available on the World Wide Web.
As a state government agency, OPLIN receives extensive fiscal support services from the State Library of Ohio and contracts with the Ohio Office of Information Technology for assistance with network management. Most of the budget is used to purchase the services provided to Ohio public libraries, primarily Internet access and information databases. Because OPLIN provides these services, public libraries do not need to pay for them from their individual budgets.

</doc>
<doc id="31007541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007541" title="Nancy Mowll Mathews">
Nancy Mowll Mathews

Nancy Mowll Mathews (born in Baltimore) is an American art historian, curator, and author. She was the Eugénie Prendergast Senior Curator of 19th and 20th Century Art at the Williams College Museum of Art, from 1988 to 2010. She is currently an independent scholar, curator, professor, and host of the television show, "Art World with Nancy Mathews." 
She graduated from Goucher College and went on to complete an MA in art history at Case Western Reserve University and a PhD at the New York University Institute of Fine Arts. Before joining the Williams College faculty in 1988, she was a professor at Randolph-Macon Woman's College from 1977 to 1987.
Mathews is the author of "Mary Cassatt: A Life" and of several other books on Mary Cassatt, and of "Paul Gauguin: An Erotic Life" (2001). She curated the exhibition "Moving Pictures: American Art and Early Film, 1880-1910" and edited the related book of the same title. She co-authored the catalogue raisonné of the works of Maurice and Charles Prendergast, as well as several other books and exhibitions on the American artist-brothers, under the auspices of the Prendergast Archive and Study Center at the Williams College Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="31007542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007542" title="Maja Vtič">
Maja Vtič

Maja Vtič (born 27 January 1988 in Novo Mesto, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian ski jumper, who represents the club SD Zabrdje. She lives in Mirna, central Slovenia.
In 2007, she won bronze at the Junior World Ski Championship in Tarvisio, Italy. She placed fifth in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo. In January 2011, she won the national ski jumping competition. In 2012, she was second-placed at the national competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31007555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007555" title="Bury Me in My Rings">
Bury Me in My Rings

Bury Me in My Rings is the third album by indie band The Elected which was released on 17 May 2011 by Vagrant Records. It is described as "complete with twelve shimmering pop songs reminiscent of mid-century West Coast rock." A first single, 'Babyface', was exclusively released on Spin.com on 2 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31007562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007562" title="Richard Hoffman (composer)">
Richard Hoffman (composer)

Richard Hoffman (24 May 1831 in Manchester, England – 17 August 1909 in Mount Kisco, New York) was an English-born American pianist and composer.
Biography.
Hoffman migrated to New York City in his 16th year. He received early instruction from Anton Rubinstein, Franz Liszt, Sigismond Thalberg, Theodor Döhler and Leopold von Meyer. After his arrival in America he made a tour of the country as a soloist, and later accompanied Jenny Lind on her tours; he also played with Louis Moreau Gottschalk and in 1875 with Hans von Bülow in New York. Later he became an important figure in American musical life. He composed music for the piano, songs, anthems, ballads and church music.

</doc>
<doc id="31007566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007566" title="Li Quanzhong">
Li Quanzhong

Li Quanzhong (李全忠) (d. 886) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) from 885, when he overthrew the prior military governor ("Jiedushi") Li Keju, to his death in 886. His sons Li Kuangwei and Li Kuangchou successively served as military governors after he did.
Background.
It is not known when Li Quanzhong was born, but it is known that he was from Lulong Circuit's capital Fanyang (范陽). During Emperor Xizong's "Guangming" era (880-881), he served as the military advisor to the prefect of Di Prefecture (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong). After that term, he returned to Lulong and served under the military governor Li Keju.
Seizure of Lulong.
In spring 885, Li Keju and his ally Wang Rong the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), were apprehensive that Wang Chucun the military governor of Yiwu Circuit (義武, headquartered in modern Baoding, Hebei), was allied with the powerful warlord Li Keyong the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi), as they feared that Li Keyong would eventually have designs on their territory. They therefore entered into a pact to jointly attack Yiwu (which lay between Lulong and Chengde), conquer it, and divide its territory.
To that end, Li Keju had Li Quanzhong take 60,000 soldiers and attack Yiwu's Yi Prefecture (易州, in modern Baoding). Li Quanzhong's subordinate Liu Rengong dug a tunnel into Yi Prefecture's city walls, and the Lulong troops were able to use the tunnel to capture it. However, after the Lulong troops took Yi Prefecture, they became arrogant and did not take precautions against an Yiwu counterattack. Wang Chucun thereafter had his soldiers put on sheepskin at night to appear to be sheep and approached Yi. The Lulong troops thought that there was a large herd for them to pillage, and therefore came out of the city to seize it. They were surprised by the Yiwu soldiers, who attacked and retook Yi. Li Quanzhong, after the defeat, fled back toward You Prefecture (幽州, i.e., Fanyang).
Fearing that Li Keju would punish him for the defeat, Li Quanzhong decided to instead attack You Prefecture. He caught Li Keju by surprise, and Li Keju, despondent over the situation, committed suicide with his family by climbing up a tower and setting fire to it. Li Quanzhong took over the circuit and claimed the title of acting military governor; this act was then confirmed by the imperial government.
Brief rule.
In spring 886, Emperor Xizong officially commissioned Li Quanzhong as the military governor of Lulong. Li Quanzhong died in fall 886, and the imperial government then commissioned his son Li Kuangwei as acting military governor, and later full military governor.

</doc>
<doc id="31007568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007568" title="Agreement on Special Parallel Relations">
Agreement on Special Parallel Relations

The Agreement on Special Parallel Relations is a cooperation agreement between Republic of Serbia and Republic of Srpska ("Republika Srpska", an entity in Bosnia & Herzegovina), signed for the first time in February 28, 1997 to develop better relations between the two. A "Council for Cooperation between Serbia and the Republic of Srpska" has been founded, which comprises presidents and prime ministers of Serbia and the Bosnian Serb entity. The Agreement was implemented December 15, 2010. So far, four councils have been held.
Document.
In witness whereof, the undersigned signed and affixed their seals to this Agreement, made in 3 (three) identical copies, at Belgrade, on 28 February 1997.
For the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia: Zoran Lilic President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
For Republika Srpska: Momcilo Krajisnik President of Republika Srpska on the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="31007571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007571" title="Saturday Night Live (season 37)">
Saturday Night Live (season 37)

Saturday Night Live aired its thirty-seventh season during the 2011–2012 television season on NBC. The season officially began on September 24, 2011 with host Alec Baldwin, who returned to host for a record sixteenth time and with musical guest Radiohead and ended on May 19, 2012 with host and musical guest Mick Jagger. 
The season began with minimal changes to the cast, as everyone from the prior year returned. The only major change that occurred was Nasim Pedrad being upgraded from being a featured player to repertory status. 
Kate McKinnon (previously a cast member on "The Big Gay Sketch Show") joined the cast midseason, as a featured player for the last 5 episodes of the season, making her debut on April 7, 2012. McKinnon's addition was announced March 28, 2012. McKinnon is "SNL"'s first openly gay cast member hired since Terry Sweeney in 1985, and the show's first openly gay female cast member (Danitra Vance from the 1985–1986 season was SNL's first lesbian cast member, however Vance's sexuality was not public knowledge until her death in 1994).
This would be the final season for seven-year vets Andy Samberg and Kristen Wiig, both cast members since 2005. As well, Abby Elliott, who had been a cast member since 2008, would be let go from the show after four seasons. Second year featured player Paul Brittain also exited abruptly halfway through the season, making his final appearance on January 14, 2012.
Cast.
Featured players
bold denotes Weekend Update anchor
Writers.
Prior to the start of the season, CollegeHumor writer Sarah Schneider was added to the writing staff. Schneider served as a guest writer for the last five episodes of season 36. Also added were Chris Kelly, who previously wrote for "Funny or Die" and "The Onion News Network", Zach Kanin, who worked on the "Harvard Lampoon", and Peter Schultz, a performer from the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater.
The season saw the deaths of a few former writers, including Nelson Lyon, who died at the age of 73 due to liver cancer. Lyon wrote for the show during its seventh season. Mark O'Donnell who also wrote during the show's seventh season. O'Donnell was found dead at the age of 58 outside his apartment in New York. And most notably, Tom Davis who died after a three-year battle with throat and neck cancer.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31007581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007581" title="Acleris askoldana">
Acleris askoldana

Acleris askoldana is a species of moth belonging to the family Tortricidae. It is found in Japan.
The larva feeds on various plants including "Abelia spathulata" and "Deutzia spp".

</doc>
<doc id="31007618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007618" title="Caspar Friedrich Hachenberg">
Caspar Friedrich Hachenberg

Caspar Friedrich Hachenberg (14 December 1709 (baptised) – 1 April 1793), was rector of the Latin School of Wageningen, The Netherlands (1740–1789) and writer of Greek and Latin grammars.
Hachenberg was born in 1709 at Neuwied, the son of the town secretary Friedrich Wilhelm Hachenburg and Charlotte Albertine Bachoven. He studied theology at the university of Marburg and the Gymnasium Illustre of Bremen, and started his working career in Jemgum in East Friesland, Germany, probably as a reformed parson.
Rector in Wageningen.
On 10 September 1740 the government of the town of Wageningen appointed Hachenberg to the post of rector of the local Latin School. His predecessor Clement Olpe had unexpectedly died in August, and the city council feared that the '10 or 12 disciples' from other places would leave town if a new rector did not arrive soon. At the time, the staff of the school existed of merely one person: the rector. The annual remuneration existed of 350 guilders, plus four carts of peat. This salary was augmented by the tuition fees that each pupil had to pay the rector (12 guilders per annum, except for the highest class, where the fee was 18 guilders), the rent from pupils who lived in the rector's house, and the tuition fees of private lessons which the rector was allowed to give.
Within a few years Hachenberg proved himself an excellent teacher, attracting pupils from all over the country. In 1746 Hachenberg was asked to become rector of the Latin School of Gorinchem. Wageningen did not want to lose 'such an honourable & able man´: Hachenberg's salary was raised to 550 guilders annually, he was rewarded a complimentary 250 guilders, and free housing was promised to him, which he got one year later in a brand new building which also housed the school.
In 1750 Hachenberg received offers from other towns, to wit Tiel and Zaltbommel, prompting Hachenberg to inform the Wageningen governors that he was willing to stay, if an extra room with a chimney was made in the attic of his house, and he get a salary increase of 50 guilders. The town agreed to the room, but also told him there were no funds for an increase of salary. Nevertheless Hachenberg stayed. His salary may not have been raised, but he was given a bonus almost every year, plus the extra income mentioned above. Those extras must have been considerable, for even an offer in 1761 to become rector of the Latin School in Dordrecht, with a salary of no less than 1300 guilders, could not persuade Hachenberg to leave Wageningen.
On 11 February 1789 Hachenberg resigned his office due to his high age and an increasing deafness. The town gave him an annual pension of 350 guilders. Hachenberg died at Wageningen, on 1 April 1793.
Family.
In 1749 Hachenberg married Willemina van Setten (Wageningen 1727 – Wageningen 1818), with whom he had seven children.
Published work.
Hachenberg wrote his own text-books: in 1759 his plans to publish a new "Rudimenta" are mentioned, and also a Grammar" which he had published a few years earlier. No existing copies of those works are known. Other works by Hachenberg are:

</doc>
<doc id="31007628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007628" title="Craig Ross, Jr.">
Craig Ross, Jr.

Craig Ross, Jr. is an American film/television director, editor, producer and screenwriter.
Career.
Ross was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He then moved with his father to the San Francisco Bay area at an early age. After graduating high school, he went back to the east coast to attend ﬁlm school at New York University. After graduating he moved back to Los Angeles where he formed his own production company Asiatic Associates (ASA). From there he went on to direct a number independent films, his first being the film "Cappuccino" (1998). His other film credits include "Blue Hill Avenue" (2001), "Ride or Die" (2004), "Motives" (2004) and "The Mannsfield 12" (2007), the first film that was released through MySpace.com.
Since 2004, he has also had a career in television directing episodes of "Strong Medicine", "Cold Case", "Standoff", "Crossing Jordan", "The 4400", "Lincoln Heights", "K-Ville", "Prison Break", "Bones", "Numb3rs" and "NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service".

</doc>
<doc id="31007663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007663" title="Gordon C. Greene (steamboat)">
Gordon C. Greene (steamboat)

Gordon C. Greene was a paddle steamer, launched in 1923, that operated under several names before sinking in St. Louis in 1967.
Ship history.
The ship was built by the Howard Ship Yards & Dock Company (now Jeffboat) at Jeffersonville, Indiana, for the Eagle Packet Company as the Cape Giradeau. She was engaged in the packet trade, initially carrying passengers and freight between Louisville, Kentucky and St. Louis, Missouri, with annual trips to New Orleans for Mardi Gras.
In 1935 she was sold to Greene Line for $50,000, and renamed "Gordon C. Greene", after the founder of the company, to operate as a tourist boat on the Ohio River between Pittsburgh and Cincinnati, while still often making her annual trips to New Orleans. In 1936 her Captain, Thomas R. Greene added an extra "sun deck", increasing the number of passenger cabins, and she was later converted from coal to oil fuel. However as time went on the boat suffered a series of mechanical breakdowns and was eventually withdrawn from service in 1951.
In 1952 she was sold, and then passed through a series of owners, none of whom seemed to able make her a profitable concern. First, under the name Sara Lee, she was converted to a floating hotel at Portsmouth, Ohio. Soon afterwards she was renamed River Queen to serve as a floating restaurant at Owensboro, Kentucky, and was later fitted out as a tourist attraction at Bradenton, Florida. In 1954 her boilers were removed and were fitted into the steamboat "Avalon" (now the "Belle of Louisville"). In 1960 she was towed to New Orleans to be converted to a night club, but was soon at Hannibal, Missouri, serving as a restaurant. In 1964 she was sold for the last time, and was based at St. Louis as a bar and restaurant. There, on the morning of 3 December 1967, the "River Queen" sank at her moorings.
Filmography.
The ship also appeared in several films.

</doc>
<doc id="31007716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007716" title="Locus Technologies">
Locus Technologies

Locus Technologies is an American corporation with headquarters in Mountain View, California, (in Silicon Valley), that provides services to organize energy, water, and environmental data and information via the Internet worldwide.
Profile.
The company, which has obtained Service Organization Controls SOC 1 and SOC 2, is perhaps best known for its Locus Platform, ePortal and EIM software as a service (SaaS) applications. Locus centralizes  corporate environmental and sustainability information for easy access through Locus cloud, so that customers  experience a reduction in both operational expenses and environmental footprint.Locus has also been highlighted for offering a free GHG calculator for companies to determine whether they meet the threshold requirements necessary to report their emissions data to the California Air Resources Board under AB32, and specifically 95101(b)(8)legislation. Locus pioneered the cross section of information management software and mobile technology for environmental data collection by offering an application eWell through iTunes for use on the iPad, the iPhone, and iPod Touch. Locus Technologies was founded in April 1997 by Neno Duplan. Locus' Board of Directors also includes Mr. Rick Bergquist, former CTO of PeopleSoft and Ms. Ena Cratsenburg, VP at Amyris Technologies. Locus Technologies is the Third Largest Environmental Firm in the San Francisco Bay Area. and the second largest environmental company in the Silicon Valley in 2012 by number of professionals.
Current clients include ExxonMobil, NASA, Chevron, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Exelon,Del Monte Foods and others.
Software and Services.
Locus Platform.
The Locus Platform is the world’s #1 cloud platform for building environmental and sustainability applications for the enterprise. With the Locus Platform, users can consolidate their data in one central location, and easily configure the software to fit their business-specific processes for the tracking, management, and reporting of their sustainability, compliance, health & safety, and water quality information.
ePortal.
ePortal is a comprehensive software platform for managing compliance and organizing environmental and resource data and information. With ePortal, you can manage, search, report, maintain, and preserve all the required documentation and data for environmental compliance.
EIM.
EIM is a subscription-based application to organize, manage, and report sampling, analytical and subsurface data in the Cloud. It offers complete analytical chemistry data management, including validation, Electronic Data Deliverable (EDD) error checking, multiple EDD format uploads, and customizable valid values.
Environmental Services.
Locus' areas of expertise include soil and groundwater contamination, landfill services, vapor intrusion, perchlorate issues in soil and groundwater, strategic planning, site closure ideas, greenhouse gas verification and emission inventory, and risk-based solutions.
Awards.
The privately held company has also won numerous awards in the environmental space including several Environmental Business Journal awards for achievement among IT companies. Locus is also recognized in several independent market research reports such as a recent Verdantix report where they were highlighted as "one of only two firms in the Entrepreneurs Quadrant that claim more than 10 customers with more than $1 billion in revenue." Overall, Locus scored strongly in customer momentum, data management and financial resources. Locus Technologies also won the business subcontractor of the year award from NASA Ames Research Center in 2009 for environmental automation and data collection work.

</doc>
<doc id="31007726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007726" title="Yemen Arab Republic parliamentary election, 1988">
Yemen Arab Republic parliamentary election, 1988

Parliamentary elections were held in the Yemen Arab Republic on 5 July 1988. As political parties were banned, all 1,300 candidates for the 128 seats ran as independents. Around 40 seats were won by tribal candidates, whilst around 30 were won by candidates sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood. After the election, a further 31 members were appointed by the President. Voter turnout was 77.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="31007731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007731" title="California Office of Administrative Law">
California Office of Administrative Law

The California Office of Administrative Law (OAL) is the California agency responsible for carrying out the rulemaking part of the California Administrative Procedure Act. It is overseen by the California Government Operations Agency.
The OAL is responsible for publishing the weekly "California Regulatory Notice Register" and the resulting "California Code of Regulations" (CCR).

</doc>
<doc id="31007739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007739" title="Ivan Nagaev">
Ivan Nagaev

Ivan Nagaev (; born 3 July 1990) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for Lokomotiv Tashkent. He plays as a forward.
Career.
Ivan Nagaev signed a contract with Bunyodkor and on 24 February 2011 he was officially announced as a Bunyodkor player for Season 2011. In 2011 he was loaned to Metallurg Bekabad and during the second half of the season played for FK Dinamo Samarqand.
In 2012 season he played 22 matches for Dinamo, scoring 7 goals. On 13 December 2012 he moved to Lokomotiv Tashkent. Playing for Lokomotiv in 2013 season, he became 3rd best goalscorer of the club. 
International.
Nagaev played for Uzbekistan at the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup finals in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="31007748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007748" title="Jim Wise (composer)">
Jim Wise (composer)

Jim Wise (April 24, 1919 – November 13, 2000) was an American musical composer, English professor and best known for the play "Dames at Sea", as well as his contributions to the New Jersey Institute of Technology's Theater.
Early Life.
Wise was born in Akron, Ohio in 1919 as James Newton Wise. After graduating from Wooster College in 1941 with a degree in Classical Languages, he served in the Army’s Public Relations Division during World War II. He began his M.A. in English at Columbia University upon returning to the U.S. in 1946. Wise completed his M.A. in 1948 and taught with Columbia’s School of General Studies from 1950–1952.
Career.
He began working at Newark College of Engineering (now known as New Jersey Institute of Technology) in 1955, where he taught English composition until his retirement in 1989.
In May 1966, "Dames at Sea" opened in Manhattan’s off-off-Broadway Café Cino, located in Greenwich Village, under the title "Dames at Sea" or "Golddiggers Afloat". A parody of musicals from the 1920s and 1930s, "Dames at Sea" starred newcomer Bernadette Peters as “Ruby,” and is how the actress got her start. The musical re-opened under the title "Dames at Sea" in the Off-Broadway Bouwerie Lane Theatre on December 20, 1968 and then transferred to the Theatre De Lys on April 22, 1969, where it played until its closing on May 10, 1970, with a total of 575 performances. "Dames" was revived at Manhattan’s Lamb’s Theatre in 1985, and then at NJIT in 1989.
In 1988 Jim Wise founded the Allardice-Wise Scholarship at Wooster College in memory of his friend and classmate James B. Allardice. The scholarship continues to be awarded, on the basis of a competitive audition, to a senior Theatre major who has demonstrated exceptional talent and interest in theatre. During his lifetime, Wise sat in on the auditions and helped pick the scholars. 
Jim Wise wrote the musical "Yankee Ingenuity" in 1976, and the children's musical "Olaf", with Don Price, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31007758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007758" title="Nuestra Belleza Estado de México">
Nuestra Belleza Estado de México

Nuestra Belleza Estado de Mexico is a pageant in Estado de México, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008 and 2010 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization produced the first Nuestra Belleza México in 1994 with Luz María Zetina, she being the first and only woman from her state to win a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Nuestra Belleza Estado de México is located at number 9 with a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Campeche, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Estado de México contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México. 
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31007759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007759" title="Esporte Clube Nova Cidade">
Esporte Clube Nova Cidade

Esporte Clube Nova Cidade, commonly known as Nova Cidade, is a Brazilian football club based in Nilópolis, Rio de Janeiro state.
History.
The club was founded on November 10, 1939. Nova Cidade won the Campeonato Carioca Second Level in 1988.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Nova Cidade play their home games at Estádio Joaquim de Almeida Flores. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31007773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007773" title="Yemen Arab Republic parliamentary election, 1971">
Yemen Arab Republic parliamentary election, 1971

Parliamentary elections were held in the Yemen Arab Republic in February and March 1971. As political parties were banned, all candidates ran as independents. The results of the election saw the Parliament dominated by tribal elites. However, it was suspended in 1974 after a military coup, in order to try to reduce the elite's power.

</doc>
<doc id="31007796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007796" title="Joseph Bell DeRemer">
Joseph Bell DeRemer

Joseph Bell DeRemer (1871–1944), who lived and worked in Grand Forks, North Dakota, was one of the finest architects in North Dakota. Some of the important works produced by him or his firm, which included his son Samuel Teel DeRemer, include the President's House at the University of North Dakota, the Masonic Temple, and the Art Moderne United Lutheren Church and North Dakota State Capitol skyscraper. Joseph DeRemer also designed houses in the Grand Forks Near Southside Historic District, most notably the Tudor Revival house presently located at 521 South Sixth Street off Reeves Drive. His significant works include a number of buildings that are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Personal life.
Joseph Bell DeRemer was born in New Jersey on September 14, 1871 and studied one year at Columbia University. He married Elizabeth M. DeRemer (1872 - February. 10, 1965) in New Jersey. They were the parents of Samuel Teel DeRemer. He died on February 16, 1944, in Grand Forks and was buried in Memorial Park Cemetery in Grand Forks, North Dakota. His wife and son were later buried next to him.
The DeRemers also had a daughter, Dolores, who was a pianist and married William Pendry Bidelman . They had one child, William P. Bidelman, Jr. who attended Harvard and received a PhD from University of Chicago in Astronomy. 
(source: Billie Bidelman Little, great-granddaughter of Joseph Bell DeRemer.
Samuel Teel DeRemer.
Samuel Teel DeRemer was born May 15, 1894, in New Jersey and died September 18, 1967, in Bemidji, Minnesota. He joined his father Joseph Bell DeRemer's architectural practice in 1920.
Works.
Works by Joseph Bell DeRemer by year include:

</doc>
<doc id="31007798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007798" title="Danilovsky">
Danilovsky

Danilovsky or Danilovskoye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31007804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007804" title="Springfield Country Club">
Springfield Country Club

Springfield Country Club is a golf course in the U.S. state of Oregon, located in the Mohawk Valley about eight miles northwest of the Eugene-Springfield area. Part of the course is located along the Mohawk River. The 18-hole course is just over 6000 yards.
History.
Springfield Country Club was established in 1957 by a group of around 40 neighbors who purchased farmland and turned it into a six-hole golf course. The course grew to nine-holes, and then to 18-holes in the 1980s. Later a clubhouse was added to the club. Springfield Country Club is still owned by its members and is a non-profit organization.
Course.
The front nine holes winds through the Morcola hills, while the back nine is carved by the banks of the Mohawk River.

</doc>
<doc id="31007809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007809" title="California Administrative Procedure Act">
California Administrative Procedure Act

The California Administrative Procedure Act (APA) is a series of acts of the California Legislature first enacted that requires California state agencies to adopt regulations in accordance with its provisions. It predates the federal Administrative Procedure Act that was enacted almost a year later on .
Overview.
The act allows the public to participate in the adoption of state regulations in order to ensure that the regulations are clear, necessary, and legally valid. The act allows that, as long as a person is not limited by a statute, any interested person can petition a state agency to change regulation. These changes include the adoption of a new regulation or the amendment or repeal of an existing one. According to the act, an agency can adopt a new regulation only if it is within their scope of authority and consistent with state law. The act explicitly states that in any area where state or federal regulations may conflict with the act, state or federal regulations should be held superior. 
The act created the Office of Administrative Law. The director of this agency is appointed by the governor and subject to confirmation by the senate. The director appoints a staff of full time attorneys, and any other technical or clerical positions that need to be filled. The California Administrative Procedure act can be found in California Government Code sections 11340-11365.
History.
The original Administrative Procedure Act was California Senate Bill 705 of 1945, Chapter 867 of the California Statutes of 1945, signed by Governor Earl Warren on . It had been proposed by the Judicial Council of California, whose report relied heavily on the report of the Attorney General's Committee on Administrative Procedure. It was further modified by Chapter 1425 of the Statutes of 1947. Assembly Bill 1111 of 1979, Chapter 567 of the Statutes of 1979, signed by Governor Jerry Brown on further modified this, and was passed dependent on Senate Bill 772 and Assembly Bill 939 of the same session. A.B. 1111 replaced the existing Office of Administrative Hearings within the Department of General Services with the Office of Administrative Law.
Senate Bill 523 of 1995, Chapter 938 of the Statutes of 1995, was a major revision of the APA.
Criticism.
The California Administrative Procedure Act has been criticized for being wrapped in unneeded bureaucracy. A California Performance Review report describes how the act contains numerous layers of housekeeping details that increase cost and delay without adding value to the resulting regulations. For example, the Office of Administrative Law is required to review each proposed regulation for necessity. The OAL interprets this to mean describing the necessity of each individual provision in the Final Statement of Reasons for the regulation. The CPR sees this as unnecessary. 
The CPR report suggests that the governor and the legislature work together to amend the act. 
Changes suggested include simplifying rulemaking documents to the original 1979 requirements containing only the minimum number of documents and clarifying that necessity can be shown by demonstrating the overall necessity, and not calling for the necessity of each individual provision.
Exceptions for the California State Board of Equalization, the California Franchise Tax Board, and the California Public Utilities Commission contained in S.B. 523 have been criticized, as well as their non-APA procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="31007824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007824" title="Kamoliddin Murzoev">
Kamoliddin Murzoev

Kamoliddin Murzoev (born 17 February 1987) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for Shakhter Karagandy . He plays in the position of forward.
Career.
He started his playing in Metallurg Bekabad in 2004. Murzoev played in Metallurg 3 seasons, after joying Dynamo Kyiv. He made 9 caps for "Dynamo Kyiv", scoring one goal.
In 2011 he moved to Bunyodkor after one season played in Nasaf Qarshi. Murzoev had already played in "Bunyodkor" in 2009. In 2011-2013 he made 46 caps and scored 8 goals in League matches for Bunyodkor. On 23 June 2013 he signed contract with 2012 Kazakhstan Premier League runner-up club Irtysh Pavlodar. Murzoev scored his first goal for the Kazakh side on 11 July 2013, in the 2:0 home win over Levski Sofia in a UEFA Europa League match.

</doc>
<doc id="31007831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007831" title="Egil Reichborn-Kjennerud">
Egil Reichborn-Kjennerud

Egil Reichborn-Kjennerud (1903 – 1974) was a Norwegian judge, cyclist and sports administrator. He was a Norwegian champion in cycling. During World War II he was a sports leader under the Nazi rule, leading the Norwegian Confederation of Sports from 1940 to 1942.
He administrated the court which sentenced police officer Gunnar Eilifsen to death, but voted against death penalty. After the war he was convicted to ten years prison for treason.

</doc>
<doc id="31007843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007843" title="Charles Nollet">
Charles Nollet

Charles Marie Edouard Nollet was a French general and government minister, chairman of the Military Inter-Allied Commission of Control from 1919 to 1924, and Minister of War 1924-1925.
Nollet was born 29 January 1865 at Marseilles and died in 1941 at Clermont-Ferrand. He enlisted in the French army in 1884, in 1902 serving as an instructor in a military school. During the First World War be commanded the French 48th Infantry Brigade in 1914, the 66th Infantry Division in 1915, and XII Army Corps in 1916. Following the war, Nollet was Chairman of the Military Inter-Allied Commission of Control. He was appointed to the Supreme War Council in 1921, remaining a member until 1930. Nollet was Minister of War from 14 June 1924 to 16 April 1925 in the first government of Édouard Herriot. He was a Grand Chancellor of the Legion d'Honneur from 7 January 1934, and was awarded the Medaille Militaire in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="31007847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007847" title="Aetna Estates, Colorado">
Aetna Estates, Colorado

Aetna Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 834.

</doc>
<doc id="31007868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007868" title="Brick Center, Colorado">
Brick Center, Colorado

Brick Center is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 107.

</doc>
<doc id="31007869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007869" title="Theodor von Holleben">
Theodor von Holleben

Theodor von Holleben (18 September 1838 Stettin, Pomerania – 31 January 1913 Berlin) was a German diplomat.
Biography.
Holleben was educated at the universities of Heidelberg, Berlin and Göttingen; became an officer in the Bodyguard Hussar Regiment; and took part in the Franco-Prussian War. He entered the diplomatic service in 1872; was chargé d'affaires at Beijing, China, 1873–1874, and at Tokyo, Japan, in 1875; minister at Buenos Aires 1876-1884, at Tokyo 1885-1889, and at Washington, D.C., 1892-93. In 1897 he became ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary to the United States. At the command of Emperor William, he, together with Secretary John Hay, of the State Department, had charge of the arrangements for the official reception of the emperor's brother, Admiral Prince Henry, in February 1902. Failing health together with his inability to have President Roosevelt arbitrate the German-Venezuelan dispute caused his resignation, and in 1903 he was succeeded by Baron Hermann Speck von Sternburg.
While serving in the US, von Holleben received an Honorary doctorate (LL.D.) from Harvard University in June 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="31007872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007872" title="Armenian independence referendum, 1991">
Armenian independence referendum, 1991

An independence referendum was held in the Republic of Armenia on 21 September 1991, and was to determine if voters were in favour of independence from the Soviet Union. A total of 99.5% of voters voted in favour. Turnout was 95.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31007875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007875" title="Comanche Creek, Colorado">
Comanche Creek, Colorado

Comanche Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 369.

</doc>
<doc id="31007881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007881" title="Dove Valley, Colorado">
Dove Valley, Colorado

Dove Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 5,243. The headquarters and training camp of the Denver Broncos, as well as Centennial Airport, are located in Dove Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="31007882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007882" title="Una familia con suerte">
Una familia con suerte

Una familia con suerte (A Fortunate Family) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Juan Osorio for Televisa. It is based on the Argentinean telenovela "Los Roldán". Luz Elena Gonzales, Arath De La Torre and Mayrín Villanueva star as the main protagonists. while Sergio Sendel stars as the antagonist. "Una familia con suerte" won 4 awards in Premios TVyNovelas: Best young lead actor, best male & female revelation, and best musical theme.
Canal de las Estrellas aired "Una familia con suerte" from February 14, 2011 to February 19, 2012, with "Por Ella Soy Eva" replacing it. Univision originally planned to air "Una familia con suerte" in spring 2011 after "Llena de amor" ended, though "Cuando me enamoro" was shown instead. A prime time airing was later announced on July 21, 2011 airing at 8pm central from October 4, 2011 to January 6, 2012, replacing "Teresa". Univision aired 2 hours of "Una familia con suerte" during 2012. From December 27, 2011 to December 30, 2011, it temporarily replaced "La fuerza del destino's former time slot". From January 9, 2012 to January 27, 2012 it replaced "Cuando me enamoro's" time slot. From February 6, 2012 to May 23, 2012, it was permanently seen at 7pm central, with "Un refugio para el amor" replacing it.
From May 30, 2013 to June 12, 2014, Univision broadcast reruns of "Una familia con suerte" weekday overnights at 12am/11c, replacing "Al diablo con los guapos", the last episode was broadcast on June 12, 2014 at 12am/11c, with "República mundialista" replacing it the following day.
Plot.
"Una Familia Con Suerte" is a soap opera about Pancho López (Arath de la Torre) and his family. Avon subsidiary president Fernanda Peñaloza (Alicia Rodríguez) discovers that she has cancer and decides to commit suicide. She is about to jump off of a bridge when Pancho López (Arath de la Torre), a public market vendor, happens upon her and attempts to dissuade her. He manages to convince her that life is worth fighting for and she comes back to the safety of his delivery truck, "La Burra".
Pancho López is a humble low income man with strong characteristics. He's a generous widowed family man, always lending a hand. Although he has intuitive business sense, he believes that money is the root of all evil.
Fernanda is introduced to Pancho López's four children: Lupita (Alejandra García), his favorite daughter, who inherited her father's love and compassion for other people. Ana (Sherlyn) is musically inclined and is the tomboy of the family. Temo (Daniel Arévalo) is the baby. Laura Torres de López (Ana Bárbara), Pancho's wife, dies giving birth to Temo who is brought-up by Chela (Luz Elena González), Pancho's sister-in-law; she becomes the mother figure after her sister's death. Chela has had a crush on Pancho before he married her sister.
Pepe López (Pablo Lyle), Pancho's eldest son, is a very courageous and adventurous young man. He is the apprentice to a mechanical engineer and has a passion for driving. He is able to transcend class barriers, communicating with all people with ease. Pepe meets and becomes interested in a rich young girl, Mónica Rinaldi (Violeta Isfel). However, she is engaged and Pepe must compete with her fiancé Freddy Irabién (Juan Diego Covarrubias)in the professional and personal spheres for Mónica's love.
Candelaria «Candela» López (Alicia Machado) is Pancho's sister. She is stunning and has a large following due to her beauty.
Pancho López and his family come up against financial difficulties: he has pledged his house as collateral for a loan that he ends up finding impossible to repay.
Enzo Rinaldi (Pedro Moreno) plots to throw the López and their friends away. Humiliated by his inability to provide for his family's well-being, Pancho has no option but to accept Fernanda Peñaloza's offer to take the post as president of her cosmetic company.
Fernanda also invites the López family to move into her mansion since she highly appreciates Pancho's honesty and reliability. The López family accepts this offer reluctantly, and in their new neighborhood they meet the Irabién family consisting of three members: Vicente, Pina (Daniela Castro) and Freddy (Juan Diego Covarrubias). Fernanda finds Pancho worthy of a better life unlike her nephew Vicente Irabién (Sergio Sendel). Vicente merely bides his time waiting for the death of his aunt and the inheritance that would come with it. The dramatic change of scenery for the López family results in many humorous situations arising from the clashing of cultures between the rich and the poor.
The attractive and clever Rebeca Treviño (Mayrín Villanueva) takes Pancho under her wing and helps him acclimate to the challenges of the business world. She helps him bridge socio-economic divides, teaching him the etiquette demanded from his new position and how to make decisions in the financial sphere. She becomes Chela's competitor for Pancho's attention.
Pina, Vicente's wife, is a hypochondriac. Neither her husband nor her son takes care of her or pays attention to her. She is the host of her own radio show, «Pina Opina» (Pina's Opinion), where she is an able to find an outlet for her discontent. She has a small dog that she keeps with her at all times named Abeja (Bee). At one point, Popeye, the López family's dog seduces this pampered dog and this becomes another point of contention between the two families.
In turn, Vicente takes a great interest in Candela and the couple engages in a dramatic love affair and end up marrying each other.
The two families experience amusing situations when Ana, who disdains flippancy, falls in love with the irreverent Freddy. Pina becomes infatuated with Sebastian who saved her life.

</doc>
<doc id="31007892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007892" title="Yuval Boger">
Yuval Boger

Yuval Boger is the CEO of Sensics, a developer and manufacturer of high-performance virtual reality goggles in Columbia, MD. Before Sensics, he was CEO of Oblicore, a service level management software company. CEO of Unwired Express, a software company in the enterprise mobility space and General Manager at Radcom Ltd.
Mr. Boger received an MBA degree from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University as well as Master's of Physics from Tel Aviv University, focusing on fiber optic sensor arrays.

</doc>
<doc id="31007894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007894" title="Victor Kouassi">
Victor Kouassi

Victor Kouassi (born Abidjan, 20 July 1971) is a former Ivorian rugby union player. He played as a fullback.
Kouassi played for Burotic Abidjan in Côte d’Ivoire. He had four caps for Côte d’Ivoire, from 1993 to 1995. He was called for the 1995 Rugby World Cup, playing all the three matches and scoring a conversion and two penalties, eight points in aggregate. He was the top scorer for Côte d’Ivoire in their first World Cup presence. He would not be called once more for his National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="31007896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007896" title="Armenian constitutional referendum, 1995">
Armenian constitutional referendum, 1995

A constitutional referendum was held in Armenia on 5 July 1995. The changes to the constitution were approved by 70.3% of voters, with a turnout of 55.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="31007898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007898" title="Holly Hills, Colorado">
Holly Hills, Colorado

Holly Hills is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States, and an enclave of the City and County of Denver. The population as of the 2010 Census was 2,521.

</doc>
<doc id="31007899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007899" title="Prince Friedrich Wilhelm of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Prince Friedrich Wilhelm of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Prince Friedrich Wilhelm of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (Full German name: "Friedrich Wilhelm August Ferdinand Alexander Karl Eduard Ernst Gustav Prinz von Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg"), (29 December 1909 in Frankfurt am Main, – k.i.a., World War II, 6 June 1940 in Trier) was the son Prince Albrecht of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (1863–1948) and his wife Ortrud of Ysenburg und Büdingen (1879–1918), daughter of Count Karl of Ysenburg und Büdingen and his wife Countess Agnes of Ysenburg und Büdingen.
Life.
Friedrich Wilhelm Prince of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg was born on 29. December 1909 in Frankfurt-am-Main, Hessen, Germany. He was the son of Prince Albrecht of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Ortrud Gräfin zu Ysenburg und Büdingen. He died on 6 June 1940 at age 30 in Trier, Germany, killed in action. Friedrich Wilhelm Prince of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg gained the title of Prince Friedrich Wilhelm von Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg. He fought in the Second World War between 1939 and 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="31007900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007900" title="Mahdi Ghalibafian">
Mahdi Ghalibafian

Mehdi Ghalibafian () born in 1935 in Tabriz died 12 June 2007 was an Iranian civil engineer and university professor. He is credited as introducing reinforced concrete in Iran.
Career.
After ending the elementary education, he finished his first two years of junior high school in Ferdosi High School in his birthplace Tabriz. Then he moved to Tehran and completed his recent school-time in Sharaf High School. Afterwards Ghalibafian was graduated in the field of structure in civil engineering department of University of Tehran in 1959. He was working as the director of the first part of Avaj- Pahlavi road in technic corporation during November 1959 till September 1960. Succeeding that, he proceeded to design and analyze some buildings in a computational team from SANO Structural Engineers. Some of these buildings which were engineered in one and a half year consist of Philips Structure located in Enghelab Street near the Ferdowsi Square and several clinics of Social Insurances in Tehran. Philips building is the first concrete structure designed based on seismic methods in Iran.
Mahdi Ghalibafian has been considered as the father of Iranian concrete science.
He died on Tuesday 12 June 2007 at the age of 71.
Publications.
Dr Ghalibafian has written 18 books in Persian, two books in French, over 80 papers, one paper in French, and two papers in English about engineering, planning, construction and retrofitting and has submitted over 70 presentations in various conferences. He has worked on providing over 50 officially technical documents as listed below:
13 national standards for Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI), 19 technical publications for Management and Planning Organization like Iranian Concrete Code (the first and the revised version), 10 subjects of national construction regulations for the ministry of housing and urban development, a proficiency standard and a didactic pamphlet for the seismic design of bridge for Tehran municipality, 5 publications in building & housing research center like Standard 519 (minimum load on buildings) and the first and the revised version of Standard 2800 (Iranian code for seismic resistance design of building).

</doc>
<doc id="31007911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007911" title="William Esdaile">
William Esdaile

William Esdaile (6 February 1758 – 2 October 1837, Clapham), was an English banker and print collector.
Esdaile was the fourth son of Sir James Esdaile of Great Gains, Essex, lord mayor of London, by his second wife, Mary Mayor. He received a commercial education, and was placed as a clerk in the banking-house of Ladbrooke & Co. In or about 1780 Sir James Esdaile was induced by his son-in-law, Sir Benjamin Hammet, to found with him a new banking business, and on its formation William Esdaile transferred his services to the house of Esdaile, Hammet, & Co., 21 Lombard Street.
Esdaile's son describes his appearance at work in a private journal: 
The business prospered under his care, and, finding money at his command, Esdaile widened the scope of his tastes, and began to frequent sales of prints. His earlier purchases were sparing and cheap, but, distrusting his own judgment, he engaged a professional assistant, accompanied by whom he attended all the great auctions in London. Though prints formed the bulk of his collection, he also largely purchased, as opportunity offered, coins, china, books, and the general miscellanea of the sale-room. Towards the last few years of his life, when his mind was breaking up, he abandoned his usual caution, and spent on a large and sometimes reckless scale, greatly to the advantage of his collection, which was considered one of the most valuable in England. It was sold after his death, the sale extending over sixteen days. The chief attractions were the very complete set of Rembrandt etchings and Claude drawings, which Esdaile had bought on the dispersal of Sir Thomas Lawrence's collection, and a large selection from the best work of the early Italian engravers.
In 1825, at the age of sixty-eight, Esdaile took his first trip abroad, visiting Italy, and was so pleased with the experiment that he repeated it two years later. In 1832, on returning to his home at Clapham from Dover, he was seized with a dangerous malarial fever. Though he recovered his health, he was never again able to attend to business or to manage his property. He neither read nor wrote, and spent the whole day in overlooking his collection of prints. He passed the winter of 1835–36 at Rome and Naples, but after his return his constitution began to gradually break up. He was confined to his bed for nine months, and, dying at Clapham, 2 October 1837, was buried in Bunhill Fields. The banking-house of Esdaile & Hammet had ceased to exist from the beginning of the year. Esdaile's portrait was painted by both Wilkie and Lawrence, and an engraving was made from another picture by George Sharples. He married Elizabeth, the only child of Edward Jeffries, treasurer of St. Thomas's Hospital, by whom he had two sons and four daughters. Their grandson, William Jeffries Esdaile, married, 27 September 1837, Ianthe Eliza Shelley, the daughter of Percy Bysshe Shelley and Harriet Westbrook.

</doc>
<doc id="31007912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007912" title="Inverness, Colorado">
Inverness, Colorado

Inverness is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 1,532. Inverness is the location of Inverness Business Park, where aerospace company Jeppesen and electronics wholesaler Arrow Electronics, the largest company in Colorado in terms of revenue, are headquartered.

</doc>
<doc id="31007914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007914" title="Grande Vingtaine">
Grande Vingtaine

There are two "Grande 'Vingtaines in Jersey

</doc>
<doc id="31007919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007919" title="Peoria, Colorado">
Peoria, Colorado

Peoria is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 163.

</doc>
<doc id="31007930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007930" title="Esdaile">
Esdaile

Esdaile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31007937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007937" title="Middlemoor">
Middlemoor

Middlemoor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31007960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007960" title="Israel national futsal team">
Israel national futsal team

The Israel national futsal team is controlled by the Israel Football Association, the governing body for futsal in Israel and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31007984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007984" title="Vingtaine du Douet">
Vingtaine du Douet

There are two Vingtaines du Douet in Jersey

</doc>
<doc id="31007992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007992" title="Lithuania national futsal team">
Lithuania national futsal team

The Lithuania national futsal team is controlled by the Lithuanian Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in Lithuania and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31008001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008001" title="Karim Izrailov">
Karim Izrailov

Karim Izrailov (born 14 March 1987) is a Kyrgyzstani professional footballer. Currently he is playing for Abdish-Ata Kant.
Career.
Izrailov played for Mash'al Mubarek during the 2010 Uzbek League.

</doc>
<doc id="31008009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008009" title="Fortified Church of St. Arbogast">
Fortified Church of St. Arbogast

The Fortified Church of St. Arbogast () in the municipality of Muttenz in the Swiss canton of Basel-Land is the only church in Switzerland that is surrounded by a defensive wall. It is an example of the fortified church type of construction, and is a Swiss heritage site of national significance
The fortified church of St. Arbogast, serving the local evangelical community, was built in the late Middle Ages. Its surrounding seven metre tall ramparts built in the 15th century are still intact. A charnal house was built adjoining the church in the 15th century. Wall paintings made in 1513 were painted over following the Protestant Reformation, but were restored during a complete renovation in the 1970s. Today's congregation forms part of the Evangelical Reformed Church of the Canton Basel-Landschaft. 
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="31008015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008015" title="Floyd Hill, Colorado">
Floyd Hill, Colorado

Floyd Hill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Clear Creek County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 998.

</doc>
<doc id="31008021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008021" title="Catherine Stephens, Countess of Essex">
Catherine Stephens, Countess of Essex

Catherine Stephens, Countess of Essex (1794–1882) was an English operatic singer and actress.
Early life.
Stephens was the daughter of Edward Stephens, a carver and gilder in Park Street, Grosvenor Square, and was born on 18 September 1794. In 1807, having shown, like her elder sisters, some musical ability, she was placed under Gesualdo Lanza, with whom she remained five years. Under his care she sang in Bath, Bristol, Southampton, Ramsgate, Margate and other places, appearing early in 1812 in subordinate parts at the Pantheon as member of an Italian opera company, headed by Teresa Bertinotti. At the close, in 1812, of her engagement with Lanza, her father placed her under Thomas Welsh, as whose pupil she sang anonymously on 17 and 19 November in Manchester.
Operatic and acting career.
On 23 September 1813, she appeared at Covent Garden as Mandane in ‘Artaxerxes,’ obtaining a conspicuous success, especially in the airs ‘Checked by duty, racked by love,’ and ‘The soldier tired of war's alarms,’ and being compared to Angelica Catalani and Elizabeth Billington. On 22 October, she sang as Polly in the "Beggar's Opera", and on 12 November, as Clara in "The Duenna"; also Rosetta in "Love in a Village". Lanza and Welsh both claimed the honour of instructing her. At the concert of ancient music in March 1814 she was assigned the principal soprano songs, and she sang later in the year in the festivals in Norwich and Birmingham.
At Covent Garden, where she remained with few interruptions from her first appearance in 1813 down to 1822, she at first received £12 a week; this was successively advanced to £20 and £25 a week. 
1813 to 1818.
On 1 February 1814, she was the original Mrs. Cornflower in the "Farmer's Wife" of Charles Dibdin, junior. She played Ophelia to the Hamlet of Young and that of Kemble, and on the first occasion (21 March) introduced into the character the song of "Mad Bess", for which she was hissed. She played Matilda in "Richard Cœur de Lion", and on 31 May, as Desdemona to Young's Othello, sang the original air of "My mother had a maid called Barbara". On 1 February 1815 she was the original Donna Isidora in William Dimond's "Brother and Sister"; on 7 April Donna Orynthia in the "Noble Outlaw", founded on the "Pilgrim" of Beaumont and Fletcher; and on 7 June Eucharis in "Telemachus". 
Next season she was Sylvia in "Cymon", Hermia in "Midsummer Night's Dream", Imogen, Cora in "Columbus", and on 12 March 1816, the first Lucy Bertram in Daniel Terry's adaptation of "Guy Mannering". Among original parts in lesser works in the next season stands out Diana Vernon in Isaac Pocock's "Rob Roy Macgregor". She also played Cowslip in the "Agreeable Surprise". 
1819 to 1828.
On the first production of the "Marriage of Figaro" on 6 March 1819, she was Susanna to the Figaro of John Liston, and in the premiere of "Heart of Midlothian" by Daniel Terry, on 17 April, she was Effie Deans. On 14 December she played Adriana in the "Comedy of Errors", converted by Frederick Reynolds into an opera. In Terry's "Antiquary" on 25 January 1820, she was the first Isabella Wardour, and in an adaptation of "Ivanhoe", which followed on 2 March, she was Rowena.She played Florence St. Leon in "Henri Quatre, or Paris in the Olden Time". In "Don John, or the Two Violettas", 20 February 1821, an opera based by Reynolds on the "Chances", altered from Fletcher by the Duke of Buckingham, she was the second Violetta. She played Dorinda in John Dryden's "Tempest". On 14 February 1822, she was the first Annot Lyle in "Montrose or the Children of the Mist". On 11 May 1822, she played Nourjadee on the production of George Colman the Younger's "Law of Java". 
The following season she joined Robert William Elliston at the Drury Lane Theatre, less happily. For her benefit on 27 April 1823, she played Annette in the "Lord of the Manor". In Samuel Beazley's "Philandering", on 13 January 1824, she was the first Emile, and in Reynolds's operatic version of the "Merry Wives of Windsor", on 20 February, Mrs. Ford. On the production of an anonymous version of "Faustus" on 16 May 1825, she was the Adine (Margaret). Malvina in George Macfarren's "Malvina" was seen on 28 January 1826; Edith Plantagenet in "Knights of the Cross" followed on 29 May. Gulnare in Dimond's "Englishmen in India" was seen on 27 January 1827. In the following season she was again at Covent Garden, where she played Blanch Mackay in "Carron Side, or the Fête Champêtre", on 27 May 1828. 
Concert singer.
High as was the reputation Stephens made in opera, it was still higher as a concert singer. She sang with John Duruset in Dublin in July 1821 and again in 1825; and in Edinburgh in 1814. She also visited Liverpool and other places. Until her retirement in 1835 she starred at concerts and festivals.
Later life.
On 19 April 1838 Miss Stephens married, at 9 Belgrave Square, George Capel-Coningsby, 5th Earl of Essex, an octogenarian widower, who died on 23 April 1839. Lady Essex survived him forty-three years, taking an interest in theatrical matters. She died on 22 February 1882 in the house in which she was married, and was buried at Kensal Green.
Reputation.
Stephens was well known for her beautiful soprano voice, particularly of ballads. William Hazlitt, who spoke of her and Edmund Kean as the only theatrical favourites he had, wrote his first theatrical criticism on her in the "Morning Chronicle". After hearing her as Polly and as Mandane, Leigh Hunt said that they ‘are like nothing else on the stage, and leave all competition far behind;’ Thomas Noon Talfourd recalled the days when he heard her send forth ‘a stream of such delicious sound as he had never found proceeding from human lips.’ William Oxberry gave her unmixed praise. A portrait painted by John Jackson hangs in the National Portrait Gallery, London; another by Dewilde, as Mandane in "Artaxerxes", is in the Mathews collection of the Garrick Club, which contains an anonymous portrait. 
Family.
A Miss Stephens, possibly an elder sister, made, as Polly in the ‘Beggar's Opera,’ a successful first appearance on the stage on 29 November 1799, and played in 1800 and 1801 Sophia in ‘Of Age To-morrow,’ Violetta in the ‘Egyptian Festival,’ Blanche in Mrs. Plowden's ‘Virginia,’ Rosetta in ‘Love in a Village,’ and other parts.

</doc>
<doc id="31008024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008024" title="Macedonia national futsal team">
Macedonia national futsal team

The Macedonia national futsal team is controlled by the Football Federation of Macedonia, the governing body for futsal in the Republic of Macedonia. It represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31008025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008025" title="Upper Bear Creek, Colorado">
Upper Bear Creek, Colorado

Upper Bear Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) in Clear Creek County, Colorado, United States and is a region within the city of Evergreen. Upper Bear Creek defines the area along Upper Bear Creek Road, not a specific subdivision, and runs upstream from Evergreen Lake to the end of Upper Bear Creek Road.
The Upper Bear Creek area is rich in history - Troutdale in the Pines, a posh resort hotel, catered to Hollywood movie stars and America's elite in the 1920s and served as a vacation spot for Denverites escaping the summer heat. Other summer resorts sprang up in the area as well, including the Greystone Guest Ranch and the Brookforest Inn. In more recent history, Willie Nelson, Lee Majors, Farrah Fawcett, and others have lived along Upper Bear Creek.
Generally regarded as the most exclusive and desirable area within Evergreen, Upper Bear Creek features outstanding trout fishing (for homeowners and guests), peaceful serenity and meadows, and in many spots views of Mt. Evans. The population as of the 2010 Census was 1,059.

</doc>
<doc id="31008032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008032" title="Family integrated church">
Family integrated church

A family integrated church is one in which parents and children ordinarily attend church services together, children stay all through church services without attending Sunday school or children's ministries, and organized groups and activities for children and youth are normally non-existent. Other terms used are family discipleship churches, family-centered ministry and inclusive-congregational ministry.
A spectrum of such churches exist with some completely eliminating all age-segregation and others allowing for some in certain contexts. Although segregation may take place during weekday events, family-integrated churches are generally united in having children in the main worship service. Timothy Paul Jones notes that in the family-integrated ministry model, "all age-graded classes and events are eliminated." Family integrated churches emphasise inter-generational ministry and the "parents' responsibility to evangelize and disciple their own children." Some advocates base this on the idea that families are the "God-ordained building blocks of the church."
Adherents.
Family-integrated churches can be found within many denominations. Other denominations or associations, such as the Primitive Baptists and the Covenant Presbyterian Church require family-integration of their churches. There are also parachurch organizations that work to promote family-integration and unite family-integrated churches, most notably Vision Forum and The National Center for Family Integrated Churches (NCFIC). These two organizations hosted a "Summit on Uniting Church and Home" in San Antonio, Texas, during September, 2001. The Summit discussed various issues, especially the "glaring dichotomy still exists in those churches which practice unbiblical family-segregating, and teen-culture driven philosophies of church life."
NCFIC is a parachurch organization, founded with the mission of promoting the sufficiency of scripture for church and family life and restoring family-integrated worship. The center works toward this goal by hosting conferences and connecting family-integrated churches around the world with their church directory which lists around 800 affiliated churches. Although they have a confession of faith that listed churches are required to agree with, affiliation with the NCFIC does not necessitate full agreement with the organization, only "substantial agreement." Furthermore, aside from their unity on family-integration, churches may vary widely in beliefs and adherents may vary greatly on issues regarding the practice of their faith.
Positions for and against family integration.
In 2009, B&H Academic published "Perspectives on Family Ministry: Three Views" (ISBN 0805448454) which included a contribution by Paul Renfro in favour of "Family-Integrated Ministry." Renfro argues that in the Old Testament, children were part of the "gathered assembly of God's people" (Deuteronomy ), while "in first-century churches the presence of children in the church assembly was assumed," since Paul directly addressed children in Ephesians . Scott Brown, a pastor and the director of the National Center of Family Integrated Churches, argues for family integrated churches on the basis of the sufficiency of Scripture, while advocates of the concept also argue that this is the practice of historic Christianity. Ben Winslett, a Primitive Baptist and part of a church that requires family-integration, believes that family integrated worship builds family and better protects children from predators in the church, stating "So, what's my point? My point is that Christ's way is superior. It naturally removes the risk of incidents such as this. It builds stronger families and maintains a safer environment."
Andreas Köstenberger has stated that the movement elevates "the family to an unduly high status that is unwarranted in light of the biblical teaching on the subject". In his book "God, Marriage, and Family: Rebuilding the Biblical Foundation", he concludes that churches should devise ways to disciple members, including young people, by instructing them in peer group settings, stating "using a peer group structure does not necessarily mean that the natural family structure is subverted but may helpfully complement and supplement it." R. C. Sproul, Jr., himself an elder at a family-integrated church, commented in a July 2011 blog post that the family integrated church movement has "distorted priorities" and that some "would rather be in a family-integrated Mormon ‘church’ than a divided evangelical church." Presbyterian pastor Shawn Mathis argued that the movement's rejection of age-segregation was biblically unfounded and contrary to historical facts. Further, John B. Carpenter, noted eight objections to the FICM: (1)The sufficiency of scripture: that scripture doesn't explicitly teach it; (2) Divisiveness: noted by Mathis above; (3) Contradicts Scripture: that Titus 2 recommends just the sorts of age segregation the FIC condemns; (4) Undermines the Authority of the Offices in the church: that pastors are called to teach in churches, not fathers; (5) The FIC Misreads Church History: that there have been age-segregated movements from the early days of church history; (6) The FIC is a Cure for a Disease that's Not Prevalent: that what it objects to isn't a widespread problem; (7) Misdefinition of the Church: that the church consists of individual believers, not family units; (8) Familism: that it appears to make the family the ultimate loyalty.

</doc>
<doc id="31008058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008058" title="2007–08 Atlético Madrid season">
2007–08 Atlético Madrid season

Atlético de Madrid finally reached the UEFA Champions League, following its most successful season since its 1995-96 league title. In the wake of captain Fernando Torres departing for Liverpool, Atlético responded with the signings of Diego Forlán, Thiago Motta, Simão and José Antonio Reyes, aimed at propelling the club to the top. A few early defeats caused concern, but the partnership between youngster Sergio Agüero and Forlán gelled so well that the club managed 66 goals and 64 points. Thanks to the double victory against Sevilla, Atlético managed to take the final spot for the Champions League, surprisingly finishing only three points behind Barcelona in third.

</doc>
<doc id="31008059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008059" title="Arthur Koegel">
Arthur Koegel

Arthur Koegel (May 2, 1889 – ??) was a Socialist bricklayer from Milwaukee who served five terms from 1933-1942 as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Background.
Koegel was born May 2, 1889 in Milwaukee. He graduated from local public schools and became a bricklayer. As of his 1932 election, he had been a member of the Bricklayers, Masons and Plasterers International Union of America for 24 years, and had never held public office.
Assembly service.
Koegel was elected in November 1932 to the Assembly from the seventh Milwaukee County district (seventh ward) of the City of Milwaukee), succeeding fellow Socialist Philip Wenz, who did not run for re-election. Koegel was unopposed in the primary election, and in the general election polled 3063 votes, to 2960 for Democrat Charles Jungman, and 1537 for Republican Robert Scheffing. He was assigned to the Assembly's standing committee on elections.
In 1934, he was again unopposed in the primary, and received 2243 votes, to 1639 for Democrat Fred Stich, 1206 for Progressive Rudolph Korthals, and 665 for Republican George Becker. For the new session, he was assigned to the Assembly Committees on Contingent Expenditures and on State Affairs.
In 1936, under the Socialist/Progressive electoral fusion arrangement then prevailing, he was for the first time opposed in the primary, although he defeated his opponent Mueller by over 2:1. He then won the general election, with 4741 votes to 3223 for Democrat Robert Lange. For the new session, he remained on State Affairs and was assigned to the Committee on Taxation.
In 1938 he was again unopposed in the Progressive/Socialist primary, and won re-election by 
3030 votes, to 2048 for Republican George Schroeder, 1294 for Democrat Lange, and 69 votes for Herta Welch of William Lemke's Union Party. He transferred to the Assembly's Committee on Labor.
In 1940, he again faced primary opposition, prevailing over challenger Ludwigsen by over 3:1. In the general election, he pulled 4248 votes, to 3973 for Republican Martin E. Schreiber and 1828 for Democrat Clarence Findley. He remained on the Labor Committee.
In 1942, although unopposed in the Socialist primary (fusion having ended), he lost the general election, polling only 818 votes to 2696 for Republican Schreiber and 1652 for Progressive Walter Ensslin. He would twice attempt to reclaim his Assembly seat, coming in second in the 1944 race (ahead of the Republican and the Progressive); and third in the 1950 race, behind the Republican challenger as well as the Democrat.

</doc>
<doc id="31008062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008062" title="Daniel M. Ashe">
Daniel M. Ashe

Daniel M. Ashe is the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS). The United States Senate held a hearing on his nomination on February 15, 2011 and confirmed him to the post by unanimous consent on June 30, 2011. Ashe previously was Deputy Director for Policy of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS). His prior positions included being a member of the staff of the Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries (1982–95), Chief of the National Wildlife Refuge System (1998-2003), and Science Advisor to the Director of the USFWS (2003).
Ashe graduated from the University of Washington with a degree in Marine Affairs, and also earned a Bachelor of Science degree in biological science from Florida State University. He wrote his master's thesis on wetland mitigation, and it was published in the Coastal Zone Management Journal in 1982.
He lives in Maryland with his family. He enjoys tennis and waterfowl hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="31008066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008066" title="Associação Cultural e Desportiva Potyguar Seridoense">
Associação Cultural e Desportiva Potyguar Seridoense

Associação Cultural e Desportiva Potyguar Seridoense, commonly known as Potyguar de Currais Novos or Potyguar Seridoense, is a Brazilian football club based in Currais Novos, Rio Grande do Norte state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on August 1, 1989. Potyguar de Currais Novos won the Campeonato Potiguar Second Level in 2007. They competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2010, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Paysandu.
Stadium.
Associação Cultural e Desportiva Potyguar Seridoense play their home games at Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31008068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008068" title="Katherine Stevens">
Katherine Stevens

Katherine Stevens (or variants) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31008070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008070" title="Moldova national futsal team">
Moldova national futsal team

The Moldova national futsal team is controlled by the Football Association of Moldova, the governing body for futsal in Moldova and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31008072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008072" title="Dakota Ridge, Colorado">
Dakota Ridge, Colorado

Dakota Ridge is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 32,005.

</doc>
<doc id="31008075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008075" title="Dmitrovsky (rural locality)">
Dmitrovsky (rural locality)

Dmitrovsky (; masculine), Dmitrovskaya (; feminine), or Dmitrovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="31008078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008078" title="Battery &quot;G&quot;, 1st Regiment Illinois Volunteer Light Artillery">
Battery &quot;G&quot;, 1st Regiment Illinois Volunteer Light Artillery

Battery "G", 1st Regiment Illinois Volunteer Light Artillery, was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The battery was also known as O'Leary's Battery and Rombauer's Battery.
Service.
The battery was organized at in Cairo, Illinois and mustered in February 28, 1862 for a three year enlistment under the command of Captain Arthur O'Leary.
The battery was attached to Flotilla Brigade, Army of the Mississippi, to April 1862. Artillery Division, Army of the Mississippi, to July 1862. Artillery, District of Corinth, Mississippi, to November 1862. Artillery, District of Corinth, XIII Corps, Department of the Tennessee, to December 1862. Artillery, District of Corinth, XVII Corps, to January 1863. Artillery, District of Corinth, XVI Corps, to March 1863. Artillery, 2nd Division, XVI Corps, to November 1863. Post of Corinth, Mississippi, XVI Corps, to January 1864. Fort Pickering, District of Memphis, XVI Corps, to June 1864. 1st Brigade, Post and Defenses of Memphis, District of West Tennessee, to December 1864. Artillery Reserve, District of West Tennessee, to July 1865.
Battery "G" mustered out of service July 24, 1865.
Detailed service.
Moved to Columbus, Ky., March 18, then to Island No. 10, Mississippi River. Operations against Island No. 10, Mississippi River, and garrison at New Madrid, Mo., March 20-April 11, 1862. Union City, Tenn., March 31. Action and capture at Tipton April 8. Moved to Columbus, Ky., April 11. Expedition to Fort Pillow, Tenn., April 13-17. Moved to Hamburg Landing, Tenn., April 17-22. Advance on and siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Occupation of Corinth and pursuit to Booneville May 30-June 12. Duty at Corinth, Miss., until January 1864. Battle of Corinth October 3-4, 1862. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., January 1864, and duty there in the defenses of that city and in the District of West Tennessee until July 1865.
Casualties.
The battery lost a total of 12 men during service; 1 enlisted men killed, 11 enlisted men died of disease.

</doc>
<doc id="31008079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008079" title="Fairmount, Colorado">
Fairmount, Colorado

Fairmount is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 7,559.

</doc>
<doc id="31008095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008095" title="Georg Kristiansen">
Georg Kristiansen

Georg Kristiansen (4 March 1917 – 24 August 2003) was a Norwegian military officer and diplomat.
He was born in Kristiania, and after finishing his secondary education in 1935 he studied languages and history before taking a military education. He attended the Norwegian Military Academy-in-exile (in London) and became an officer in 1943. He actively served as a Captain until 1945, and was decorated with the Defence Medal 1940–1945. He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1946. He was an attaché and embassy secretary in France from 1947 to 1952 before returning to Norway. He was promoted to assistant secretary in 1952, sub-director in 1959 and deputy under-secretary of state in 1962. In between he was a head teacher at the Norwegian National Defence College from 1957 to 1959.
He served as the Norwegian ambassador to NATO and OECD in Paris from 1963 to 1967, and to NATO in Brussels from 1967 to 1970. He was then the director of the Directorate for Civil Protection and Emergency Planning from 1970 to 1974, ambassador to the OECD from 1974 to 1977 and the permanent under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1977 to 1980. From 1980 to 1985 he was Norwegian the ambassador to France.
He was decorated as a Commander with Star of the Order of St. Olav in 1980. He settled in Lillehammer after his retirement, and chaired Oplandske Dampskibsselskap for a period. He was also a member of the Nygaard Haug Committee, a predecessor of the Lund Commission, from 1993 to 1994. This was not uncontroversial because of his career ties to military intelligence. He died in August 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31008103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008103" title="Mukhiddin Khudoyorov">
Mukhiddin Khudoyorov

Career.
Mukhiddin Khudoyarov (Russian: Мухиддин Худояров) was reserve goalkeeper of Bunyodkor after club's main goalkeeper Ignatiy Nesterov while playing for the club. In 2014 he moved to FK Andijan

</doc>
<doc id="31008106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008106" title="Montenegro national futsal team">
Montenegro national futsal team

The Montenegro national futsal team is controlled by the Football Association of Montenegro, the governing body for futsal in Montenegro and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31008111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008111" title="Florida Attorney General election, 2006">
Florida Attorney General election, 2006

The 2006 Florida Attorney General election took place on November 7, 2006, to elect the Attorney General of Florida. The election was won by Bill McCollum who took office on January 3, 2007.
Republican primary.
Results.
McCollum was unopposed in the Republican Party primary.

</doc>
<doc id="31008120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008120" title="Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad">
Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad

The Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad, an interurban rail in Syracuse, New York was established in 1859. This was one of the most important of the first lines and operated as a steam road. The company was awarded the operation rights for the Burnet Avenue route as well as the Burnet Street Car Company.
In 1889, the company had reorganized and eventually owned of road that ran from Burnet Avenue through Eastwood to Messina Springs and DeWitt. The company went bankrupt in 1894.
History.
The Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad had reorganized and was chartered on September 6, 1889. Several miles of track were under construction by late 1889. The first line in operation was long and on the overhead system operated by the "Short system" of electricity.
Operations.
By 1894, the company owned two motor cars.
Financial.
During July 1891, the "state board of railroad commissioners" approved an increase in the capital from $40,000 to $150,000. At end of fiscal year in June 30, 1892 a first mortgage was outstanding at $46,092 and capital stock par value $100 per share.
Company management.
Officers of the company in 1889 were president, N. L. Williams; vice-president, R. N. Gere; secretary, George B. Leonard. 
By June 1892, directors of the company were George B. Leonard, L. A. Williams, Edward S. Tefft, George B. Warner, Mowry S. Williams, Thomas Leonard, all of Syracuse, New York. Nelson L. Williams was president, George B. Leonard was secretary and treasurer and L. A. Williams was superintendent. Principal office was located in Syracuse, New York.
Syracuse and Oneida railroad.
The Syracuse and Oneida Railroad, an interurban rail, was incorporated on October 11, 1891 and built a road in length from Messina Springs connecting with the Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad Company's road and ran northerly by the "most direct and feasible route" through the towns of DeWitt and Cicero, at a point near the south shore of Oneida Lake.
Bankruptcy.
A receiver's sale was held by Charles G. Baldwin, receiver of the railroad, which consisted of all property of the company including of street railway track extending from a point on Burnet Avenue in the city of Syracuse to the village of East Syracuse and from a point on James Street, near Sedgwick Street, connecting with a former branch near the village of East Syracuse, together, with franchises and rights of way over the lands upon their track was laid, and also "about of pole, and trolley wire" for the operation of the road with electric power. Additionally, one Baldwin locomotive complete, one double truck pass car 60-horsepower motors complete, one pass car body, car house, one construction car, office desk and fixtures, five wheel scrapers, track tools, two marine steel boilers, one Berryman heater, construction tools and about two acres of land in DeWitt in Onondaga County, New York.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of the property were accepted until June 1, 1894. Sale was subject to the approval of the New York Supreme Court.
Two judgments, totaling $26,723, were filed against the company on June 19, 1894 at the office of the County Clerk in Syracuse. They were in favor of Paul T. Brady and had been secured in the New York Supreme Court. Brady, an electrical apparatus dealer, had filed the judgment in February 1894.
The company, valued at $35,000, was sold in early September 1894 by the receiver for $350. C. D. Beebe acted as trustee and was the purchaser. George S. Leonard of the First National Bank was the only other bidder. His bid was $250.
Syracuse and East Side railroad.
Beebe represented the newly incorporated Syracuse and East Side Railroad Company, which had compromised with the creditors of the old road. The property of the road consisted of the tracks, trolleys, right of way, cars, machinery, tools and real estate. The action that caused the bankruptcy was filed by Edward H. Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="31008140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008140" title="List of wars 2011–present">
List of wars 2011–present

This is a list of wars launched from 2011 onwards. Other wars can be found in the historical lists of wars and the list of wars extended by diplomatic irregularity.

</doc>
<doc id="31008154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008154" title="Ruslan Melziddinov">
Ruslan Melziddinov

Career.
Melziddinov has made appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team, including a match in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying round.

</doc>
<doc id="31008162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008162" title="Tripoli protests and clashes (February 2011)">
Tripoli protests and clashes (February 2011)

The 2011 Tripoli clashes were a series of confrontations between Libyan anti-government demonstrators and forces loyal to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi in the capital city of Tripoli at the beginning of the Libyan civil war. During the early days of the uprising, there was significant unrest in the city, but the city remained under the control of the government.
Background.
Gaddafi had ruled Libya since overthrowing the Libyan monarchy in 1969. As the Arab Spring caused revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt, which both border Libya, Gaddafi was reportedly still in full control, being the longest-ruling non-royal head of state. However, the protestors wanted democracy, and Libya's corruption perception index in 2010 was 2.2, worse than Tunisia or Egypt.
February clashes.
On 17 February 2011, it was reported that supporters of the Libyan opposition had taken to the streets and Green Square during the "Day of Revolt".
On 20 February, it was claimed that snipers fired on crowds to control Green Square, as protesters started fires at police stations and the General People's Congress building. Reportedly, the state television building was also set on fire on 21 February. On the morning of 21 February, activists claimed that protesters surrounded Gaddafi's Bab al-Aziza compound and were trying to storm it, but were forced back by heavy gunfire that killed up to 80 people. On 22 February, it was stated that the justice ministry at al-Shuhadaa square and the Shaabia headquarters were attacked.
Tripoli's Mitiga International Airport may have been taken by the protesters on 25 February. The Tajura district of Tripoli rose up against control by the Gaddafi government on 25 February. However, it was quickly confronted by government troops who reportedly fired on the protestors and killed 25 of them.
The National Transitional Council formed by the rebels in Benghazi, their interim capital, said through their spokesman Hafiz Ghoga that "we will help liberate other Libyan cities, in particular Tripoli through our national army, our armed forces, of which part have announced their support for the people." Various countries, including the United Kingdom and the United States, were considering creating a no-fly zone under United Nations guidance, which would prevent warplanes being used and mercenaries being flown in. The Russian foreign minister rejected the idea and instead supported sanctions, while the Chinese spokesman said their priority was, "for the violence to end, to avoid casualties and to make constructive efforts to help Libya return to peace and stability" and likewise rejected the no-fly zone. On 1 March, British prime minister David Cameron backtracked from his comments regarding the no-fly zone. Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam, who is British-educated, accused Cameron of wanting to be a hero, and described Cameron's military threats as "like a joke". He also stated that if military action was taken, "we are ready we are not afraid."
Gaddafi loyalists remained in control in Tripoli, and on 1 March it was reported that many shops were closed and the few banks that opened had queues outside. Also on 1 March, a convoy of twenty government aid trucks left Tripoli with food and medicine for the rebel-held eastern city of Benghazi.
Public appearances by Gaddafi.
On 25 February, Gaddafi made a public speech in Green Square, stating "We will fight them and we will beat them. Sing, dance and prepare yourselves. If needs be, we will open all the arsenals."
Subsequent attempts at protests.
UNSC Resolution 1973.
On the night of 17–18 March, following United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973, more clashes occurred between protesters and pro-Gaddafi forces in Tripoli in several different areas. Protests were also planned for 18 March. However, instead, protests against the UN military intervention and in support of Gaddafi's government took place over the coming days.
Iman al-Obeidi.
In late March, postgraduate law student and Gaddafi opponent Iman al-Obeidi was gang-raped by pro-Gaddafi forces in Tripoli, escaped and reported the event to foreign reporters at the Rixos Al Nasr hotel, and was detained and released several times by pro-Gaddafi forces, attracting worldwide support, and giving interviews with the anti-Gaddafi Libya TV and other media in early April.
April.
An anti-Gaddafi street protest took place in the Fashloom suburb of Tripoli on 7 April. At a small anti-Gaddafi protest at dawn on 9 April, the participants released a protest statement. They stated, "These are our streets, and these are our alleys, for we vow to you shameful and disgraceful Gaddafi, not you nor your battalions, nor your snipers, nor your mercenaries however many they are, will not terrify us anymore, and we will not back down on our revolution and up rise no matter how greater the sacrifice."
According to local residents interviewed by Reuters, several attacks by local Tripoli residents against military checkpoints and a police station in Tripoli took place during the first full week of April, with gunfights being heard at night. An exiled anti-Gaddafi Libyan who kept in daily contact with people from the suburb of Tajoura stated, "There have been attacks by Tripoli people and a lot of people have been killed on the Gaddafi army side." Hundreds of young men suspected of being Gaddafi opponents were imprisoned in late March and early April. According to one resident interviewed by Reuters, pro-Gaddafi forces controlled most of the major roads and intersections in the suburbs, while smaller streets deeper in the city's outskirts, like Tajura, were under opposition control.
May.
On 9 May, an opposition newspaper, "Brnieq", reported a "full-scale" uprising in the suburbs of the Tripoli by anti-Gaddafi forces who had been supplied with light weapons by defecting security forces. Protesters planned to head towards the centre of the city. A Libyan official denied the report and said that it was peaceful in Tripoli. Reuters correspondent in the center of the city heard no gunfire. The following day, Al Jazeera reported that opposition members had hoisted their flag at the Mitiga air base in eastern Tripoli before withdrawing. On 13 May, there were anti-government protests again.
Al Jazeera English reported on 30 May that "unprecedented protests" occurred in Tripoli. Large demonstrations such as those had previously been limited by the heavy security presence, indicating the growing boldness of the populace of Tripoli. The protesters were eventually dispersed by live fire from security forces.
June.
By June, there were ongoing guerrilla attacks on military checkpoints in the city.
August.
Rebels made significant military advances from their stronghold in the Nafusa Mountains, taking large parts of the coastal town of Zawiya, roughly west of Tripoli, seizing parts of the Libyan Coastal Highway, preventing military supplies and fuel reaching Tripoli from Tunisia. They also claimed to have seized Gharyan to the south, cutting off supplies to Tripoli from there also, seemingly in an attempt to cut off, and then besiege, the capital. On 20 August, it was reported that the Battle of Tripoli had started and that heavy gunfire and explosions were occurring in parts of the city, and that clashes were ongoing in the eastern suburb of Tajoura. Text messages were sent out to Tripoli residents by the government, demanding they go out to the streets to fight against "agents with weapons".

</doc>
<doc id="31008163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008163" title="A Time for Champions">
A Time for Champions

A Time for Champions is a 2009 documentary film produced by Bud Greenspan's Cappy Productions and St. Louis PBS affiliate KETC. It chronicles the Saint Louis University soccer dynasty of the 1960s and 1970s. It includes interviews with 1950 US World Cup team members Frank Borghi, Harry Keough, and Walter Bahr, as well as Bob Costas and St. Louis native Yogi Berra.
The Film.
The film, distributed by American Public Television, was broadcast nationally on many PBS member stations. The broadcast coincided with the 60th anniversary of the United States’ spectacular FIFA World Cup win over England on June 29, 1950, considered one of the greatest upsets in sports history. 
Throughout the 20th century the United States remained an underdog in World Cup soccer. The losing streak ended in 1950 when a U.S. team featuring five St. Louisans on the 11- player roster beat England’s powerhouse team 1-0 in a spectacular, surprise victory in Belo Horizonte, Brazil. That win signaled St. Louis’ rise as a soccer hotbed, a view reinforced nine years later when soccer became an intercollegiate sport. Between 1959 and 1973, Saint Louis University’s soccer team, comprised almost exclusively of St. Louis players, won 10 of 15 NCAA Division I soccer championships. 
A Time for Champions tells soccer’s St. Louis story through archival photos, footage of games and players, and interviews with baseball legend Yogi Berra, sportscaster Bob Costas, U.S. Soccer Federation CEO Dan Flynn, Michigan State coach Joe Baum, former Indiana University coach Jerry Yeagley, former Catholic Youth League leader 90-year-old Monsignor Lewis Meyer, and 1950 World Cup team members Frank Borghi, Harry Keough and Walter Bahr.

</doc>
<doc id="31008172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008172" title="John Bishop Estlin">
John Bishop Estlin

John Bishop Estlin (26 December 1785, Bristol - 10 June 1855, Bristol) was an English ophthalmic surgeon.
Life.
Estlin was the son of the Unitarian minister John Prior Estlin, who kept a well-known school in a large house at the top of St. Michael's Hill, Bristol, and was born there on 26 December 1785. He was educated in his father's school, and began his professional studies at the Bristol Infirmary in 1804. He continued them at Guy's Hospital, London, became a member of the College of Surgeons of London in 1806, and, after further study at the university of Edinburgh, settled in practice in Bristol in 1808. He attained success, and, having special interest in ophthalmic surgery, gradually restricted his practice to ophthalmic surgery as far as he could. In 1812 he established a dispensary for the treatment of eye diseases at No.9 Pipe Lane, on the corner of Frogmore Street, Bristol. He maintained this charity for more than a year at his own cost, and afterwards managed its affairs for thirty-six years, treating fifty-two thousand poor patients himself. He kept careful notes of his cases, and published papers in the "Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal", the "London Medical Gazette" and the "Provincial Medical and Surgical Journal".
Estlin's reputation spread, and he became known as one of the leading ophthalmic surgeons in England. He was elected a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England, the year in which the college received the its present charter. In 1817 he married Margaret Bagehot, aunt of Walter Bagehot; she died four years later, leaving an only daughter. His health was not robust, and in 1832 he visited the island of St. Vincent, where the warm climate restored him. He obtained and circulated in 1838 a fresh supply of vaccine lymph from cows near Berkeley, Gloucestershire, the place where Edward Jenner had originally discovered the effectiveness of vaccination in preventing smallpox. Estlin rendered other public services in regard to temperance, the abolition of slavery, the education of the poor, the maintenance of religious toleration, and the suppression of medical impostures.
Estlin was a Unitarian with definite theological opinions, and wrote in favour of the Christian miracles and "On Prayer and Divine Aid", 1825. In 1845 he published "Remarks on Mesmerism", a lucid exposition of the scientific method of investigating phenomena said to be due to hidden forces of nature. He was always generous, but nevertheless grew rich, and became, by force of upright character and professional skill, one of the most trusted men in Bristol. He had an attack of right hemiplegia in May 1853, died 10 June 1855, and was buried in the Lewin's Mead burying-ground, Bristol. In the adjoining meeting-house are monumental tablets for him and his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="31008223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008223" title="John Estlin">
John Estlin

John Estlin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31008227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008227" title="Yannis Mandzukas">
Yannis Mandzukas

Yannis Vladimirovich Mandzukas (, ; born 8 April 1984) is an Uzbekistani-Greek professional footballer who plays for FC Bunyodkor. He plays as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Chirchiq, Mandzukas began his football career with Uzbek second division side Kimyogar Chirchiq. He had a brief spell in the Belarusian Premier League with FC MTZ-RIPO Minsk, before joining to Uzbek League side FC Bunyodkor.

</doc>
<doc id="31008238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008238" title="William Eastmead">
William Eastmead

William Eastmead (died 1847?) was an English dissenting minister.
Life.
Eastmead was pastor of a congregation at Kirkby Moorside, Yorkshire, and died about 1847.
Works.
He wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="31008257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008257" title="Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato">
Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato

Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato is a pageant in Guanajuato, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant. 
The State Organization has produced one Nuestra Belleza México titleholder in 2007 with Elisa Nájera and two Nuestra Belleza Mundo México in 1998 with Vilma Zamora and 2011 with Mariana Berumen.
Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato is located at number 5 with three crowns of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated contestants.
As of 2000, it is not uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31008295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008295" title="Jersey's population">
Jersey's population

Jersey is the largest of the Channel Islands, occupying 116 km2 in the English Channel, geographically part of France but a British Crown dependency. Unusually for a small island Jersey has been characterised by large scale inward and outward migration and significant changes in the total population over relatively short periods of time. Immigration has come from Britain, France, and more recently Portugal and Poland, while a high proportion of young Jersey people have emigrated.
Jersey’s population – a history.
Long term trends.
Human occupation of Jersey first occurred during glacial times, with the earliest reliable dated human occupation going back around 250,000 years. Renouf (1989) suggests that between 4000, and 3000 BC it is unlikely that the population of Jersey was less than 2,000, but may have been double this. This is based on between 10 and 20 separate communities, each with a population of between 200 and 250. Renouf then suggests that there was a significant decline in the population largely because of the loss of land to a rising sea level. The population may have fallen to about 500 in the middle Bronze Age (2000–1500 BC).
There was subsequently some small scale immigration, and in the Iron Age, the emergence of the Celtic peoples.
In 56 BC the Roman armies defeated a coalition of tribes near Avranches, and it seems that a number of the defeated Gauls took refuge in Jersey. Syvret and Stevens (1998) and Platt. (2009) note that while there is some evidence of Roman activity in Jersey there is no definite evidence of Roman occupation. There were further refugees as a result of Roman activity in the 5th century. Also at that time, Britons were under attack from Germanic settlers, and some fled southwards to Brittany via the Channel Islands where some of them settled.
Ford (1989) then notes Norse activity in the adjacent regions of France in the 10th century and concludes that “it would be a foolhardy man that could put hand to heart and say that the Vikings were not present on the Island”. Indeed, Ford argues that the local population would have been outnumbered by the new Norse speaking settlers.
Rybot (1937–40) used the accommodation provided by parish churches as a pointer to the population of the Island. He concludes that in the year 1050 there were not more than 6,000 people.
Platt (2009) notes that in the 13th century the economies of Europe were booming and accordingly populations rose. Jersey and Guernsey both benefited by being close to the sea route from Bordeaux to Southampton; the wine fleets often took shelter in Guernsey and called in at the islands on their return journey to load dried fish and other produce. Platt suggests that even by 1300 Jersey was “becoming dangerously overcrowded”.
The Jersey Doomsday Book was compiled in 1331. Syvret and Stevens (1998) suggest that there were at least 2,000 houses, and with an average of six persons to a house, at least 12,000 people.
Platt (2009) comments that the average death rate in the black death of 1348-49 was 30-40%, and he suggests that by the early 15th century the population may have fallen to 4,000-5,000.
Nicolle (1991) analysed in detail evidence on the population in the 17th and 18th centuries. A militia roll in 1617 recorded 2,675 men which Nicolle extrapolated to a total population of 9,900–10,000. He suggests that a 1685 housing census implied a population of 16,200 and describes a manuscript copy of a 1737 census in the University of Cambridge library, which combined with other evidence led him to suggest a population of 18,400 in 1737.
The Société Jersiaise Library includes a single sheet of paper giving the population of each parish and a total population in 1770 of 19,788 and in 1788 of 20,025. It is not known how the figures were compiled in 1770, but the vestiges of a 1788 census (covering only the parish of St Lawrence) exist and were published by the Channel Island Family History Society in the early 1980s.
Censuses in 1806 and 1815 were conducted by General Don, the Governor of Jersey, and provide more reliable estimates, and since 1821 there have been formal censuses.
In the 45 years between 1806 and 1851 the population rose from 22,855 to 57,020, an increase of 150%, an annual rate of over 2%. The 1820s and 1830s were periods of particularly rapid growth, around 25% in each decade.
After 1851 the population declined for 70 years before recovering such that in 1951 it was virtually the same as 100 years earlier. From the peak of 57,020 in 1851 there was a 13% decline to a low point of 49,701 in 1921. However, the decline was not a steady one: the population fell to 52,455 by 1881 but then rose to 54,518 in 1891, before resuming its decline. 
The 1921 figure may be artificially inflated as the Census was conducted in June rather than April. On a comparable basis the 1921 population was more like 47,000, a decline of 18% from 1851.
From 1951 to 1991 there was a second period of very rapid population growth. Subsequently, the rate of increase has been more modest, although still high by international standards.
Net immigration and natural increase.
Significant variations in population are invariably explained by net migration rather than by the natural increase. This is the case for Jersey. There was strong net immigration between 1821 and 1851, averaging over 500 a year. Between 1851 and 1881 there was net emigration of over 450 a year, with net emigration continuing until 1921. From the end of the War until 1971 there was another strong period of net immigration, averaging 650 a year, followed by a lower level of net immigration subsequently.
French refugees.
From the 16th century to the early 19th century Jersey became the home for French religious refugees. French Protestant refugees first came to Jersey in the mid-16th century and there was a particularly large influx between 1585 and 1588. There is no indication of the numbers involved although it was such that it was necessary to have an extra market day each week. Following the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685, the flow of refugees increased significantly. Generally, the refugees were entrepreneurial and industrious, and contributed significantly to the economic development of Jersey. From 1779 there was a further burst of immigration, this time predominantly of Roman Catholic priests following the French revolution. A final burst of refugees occurred in the early 1870s as a result of anti-clerical laws.
Economic boom in the first half of the 19th century.
The French refugees came to Jersey to avoid religious persecution, but their enterprise and entrepreneurship proved beneficial to the Island. Beginning in the early 19th century there was a very different wave of immigration - economic migrants seeking to benefit from, and contributing to, the booming Jersey economy. To set the context for this boom it is necessary to understand how Jersey’s special status had provided the platform for rapid economic growth, led by a number of different industries and which had its origins before the 19th century.
Jersey had a long-standing favoured tax position, which both benefited goods produced in the Island and also made it a centre for manufacturing. This dates back to 1394 when Jersey was permitted to exports goods to England free of tax. This privilege was extended to exports to the colonies in 1468. The privilege can be seen as a necessary counterpart to Jersey’s strategic importance to England. A strong, well-fortified Jersey was essential to England in the long-running wars with the French. Tax-free status was deliberately designed to contribute to this. Businesses in Jersey could import raw materials and export manufactured goods to England and its colonies without having to pay any taxes or duties.
Jersey’s economic boom was not a single product boom related to a specific natural resource – such as the gold rush in the Yukon in the late 1890s or the oil boom in Aberdeen in the 1970s. Rather, the underlying conditions described in the previous paragraph resulted in the rapid expansion and then gradual decline of a succession of industries. A trigger point was the Napoleonic Wars, which put Jersey in an important strategic position, leading to an influx of both money and people into the Island. There was a reasonable fear that the end of the wars in 1815 would lead to a decline in the Jersey economy as a result of the withdrawal of British forces from the Island and the end of the lucrative privateering industry. In the event, these forces were swamped by the growth in world trade.
The ’’’fishing’’’ industry dates back to the 12th century. Initially, the catch was congers and mackerel in local waters, both of which were exported to England and France. As early as the 16th century the Jersey fleet was involved in the Newfoundland cod trade, and there were permanent bases in Newfoundland in the 1670s. The business developed strongly in the late 18th century, largely in the Gaspé peninsular. Typically, the fishing boats left Jersey in the spring and returned in the autumn, the fishermen probably working in agriculture in the winter months. At its peak, probably in the 1830s or 1840s, perhaps 2,500 Jerseymen were on board a fishing fleet of over 100 vessels. They may well not have been fully counted in the decennial censuses.
The Atlantic cod trade generated a demand for shipbuilding and for the many support services that fishing requires. It also generated a shipping industry that was related to Jersey’s tax free status.
The cod trade was the key industry in the early part of the 19th century. Ommer (1991) attributes its success to “skilful manipulation of constitutional ambiguities and the institutionalisation of merchant solidarity in the creation of the Chamber of Commerce”, Jersey’s privileged tax position playing a key role. Ommer also concludes that Jersey rather than Canada succeeded in capturing most of the benefits of the trade.
Other industries that played a part in the economic boom were
An economic boom such as that which Jersey experienced in the first half of the 19th century can be sustained only by large scale immigration. By 1841 over 30% of the population had been born outside the Island, the large majority in England. In the next decade there was also a high level of immigration from Scotland and Ireland, mainly to man the booming construction industry. It should also be noted that a significant proportion of children were born to parents one or both of whom were immigrants.
Decline and recovery, 1850 to 1950.
The economic boom, which had stimulated the rapid increase in population in the first half of the 19th century, ended abruptly in the 1850s. The primary reason was the collapse of world trade and the cod fishing industry in the 1860s. Other factors played a part –
Between 1851 and 1911 the number of Jersey born people in the Island fell modestly while the number born in the rest of the British Isles more than halved. 
However, during this period there was substantial immigration of workers from Brittany and Normandy to Jersey. Most probably intended to be short term migrants, planning to return to France. But some decided to settle in Jersey, many of today Jersey’s population being descended from them. The French migrants were predominantly agricultural workers working in the rapidly growing agricultural sector; they were not replacing British migrants, who had largely been working in construction and oyster farming.
Between 1921 and 1931 the population increased by 6.6% and between 1931 and 1939 by 1.5%. However, both figures are distorted by the effects of the end of World War I and the beginning of World War II. One significant trend from the 1920s was a new wave of wealthy English settlers, attracted by the lifestyle and tax position that Jersey could offer.
The wartime and immediate post-war experience is well covered in the comprehensive report on the 1951 census (census, 1951), which merits reproduction –
The report went on to suggest that in the whole of the period 1931–51 there was net migration into Jersey of over 5,000 people. 
Rapid growth, 1950 to 1990.
The period from 1950 to 1990 was the second period of rapid population increase for Jersey, although not nearly as pronounced as that between 1821 and 1851. Between 1951 and 1991 the population increased from 57,310 to 84,082, an increase of 47%. However, this understates the true position because of the discontinuity in the series from 1981 when resident population rather than census night population was recorded. On a comparable basis the increase was 52%. The increase was most rapid in the 1950s and 1960s, slowing down in the 1970s and 1980s.
As in the boom in the first half of the 19th century this was not a one industry boom, and similarly it depended to a large extent on Jersey’s favoured tax status. Cattle and new potatoes remained significant but were declining in relative importance, and tomatoes and flowers also contributed significantly to the economy. However, the real growth industries, which in turn were closely related with population trends, were tourism and then financial services, as Jersey became a major international offshore financial center and tax haven
Recent years.
Between 2000 and 2009 the population increased steadily from 87,100 to 92,500, the rate of increase being particularly high in 2006-08, net immigration running at around 900 a year in those years. There was a turnaround from net emigration of 200 in 2003 to net immigration of 1,100 in 2007, closely related to the rate of economic growth. The economy contracted by 6% in 2009 and probably contracted further by about 2% in 2010. The downturn in the economy from 2008 has been reflected in a significant fall in the rate of growth of the population.
References.
‘’Census 1951, Jersey, Guernsey and Adjacent Islands’’. London: HMSO.
FORD, Doug, 1989. “From Langlois to De Sousa – A History of Immigration into Jersey”. Unpublished paper in Société Jersiaise Library.
NICOLLE, Jason St John, 1991. New evidence for the population of Jersey in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. ‘’Société Jersiaise Bulletin’’, pp 463-472.
OMMER, Rosemary, 1991. ‘’From Outport to Outpost, A Structural Analysis of the Jersey-Gaspé Cod Fishery, 1767-1886’’. Toronto: McGill-Queen’s University Press.
PLATT, Colin, 2009. ‘’A concise history of Jersey’’. Jersey: Société Jersiaise.
RENOUF, John, 1989. ‘’Neolithic Jersey’’. Jersey: States of Jersey.
RYBOT, NVL, 1937-40. ‘’On the population of Jersey throughout the ages and the origin of parishes. Unpublished paper in Société Jersiaise Library.
SYVRET, Margaret and STEVENS, Joan, 1998. Balleine’s History of Jersey. Chichester: Phillimore.
External links.
BOLEAT, Mark, 2010. Jersey’s population – a history.[http://www.boleat.com/materials/jerseys_population_a_history_mark_boleat_2010.pdf] www.boleat.com.
STATES OF JERSEY, 2010. Jersey’s Resident Population 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31008296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008296" title="Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra">
Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra

The Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra, nicknamed Bezerrão, is a football stadium located in Currais Novos, Rio Grande do Norte state, Brazil. It is currently used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Associação Cultural e Desportiva Potyguar Seridoense. The stadium holds 2,000 people, and was built in 1967. The stadium is owned by the Currais Novos City Hall.
History.
The stadium was inaugurated on June 24, 1967. Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra hosted Potyguar de Currais Novos games in the 2010 Copa do Brasil.

</doc>
<doc id="31008306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008306" title="Anvar Rakhimov">
Anvar Rakhimov

Anvar Rakhimov (; born 20 February 1988) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for Sogdiana Jizzakh. He plays as a midfielder.
Career.
Rahimov began playing professional football for Xorazm FK Urganch during the 2006 Uzbek League. He joined FC Bunyodkor in 2007. In 2009 he moved on loan to Olmaliq FK and completed 29 matches, scoring 4 goals for the club.
After end of loan he moved back to Bunyodkor, played 11 matches in 2010-2011 seasons. In summer 2011 he moved on loan to Olmaliq FK again. In February 2013 he moved on loan to Sogdiana Jizzakh.

</doc>
<doc id="31008321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008321" title="Chargify">
Chargify

Chargify is a privately held software as a service company that offers a recurring billing application for SaaS and Web 2.0 companies.
History.
Chargify was launched in 2009 at the TechCrunch50. It was founded by David Hauser and Siamak Taghaddos, founders of the Grasshopper virtual phone provider, along with Lance Walley of Engine Yard. Chargify is headquartered in Needham, MA and has approximately 12 employees.
Products.
Chargify offers a recurring billing application for software as a service companies. Chargify works with multiple payment processors including Authorize.net, Beanstream and TrustCommerce. Chargify is a Level 1 PCI-DSS compliant service provider.
As reported by Gigaom, “Chargify is primarily designed for subscription services, and the options available for setting up your various products and plans are extensive. You can include setup fees, free trial periods and expiration periods to customize your plans and pricing.”

</doc>
<doc id="31008339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008339" title="Ruralia Hungarica">
Ruralia Hungarica

Ruralia Hungarica is a name given by the Hungarian composer Ernő Dohnányi to four interrelated works.
First came the version for solo piano, a suite containing 7 movements, Op. 32a, in 1923:
Five of these movements were then orchestrated, as Op. 32b, in 1924. This was Dohnányi's contribution to the fiftieth anniversary of the creation of the city of Budapest from a merger of Buda and Pest.
A version for violin and piano followed, as Op. 32c. This contained transcriptions of two of the existing pieces ("Presto, ma non tanto"; and "Molto vivace"), plus an entirely new piece as the second movement. That new piece, "Andante alla zingaresca", or "Andante rubato", is better known as the "Gypsy Andante", and under the bow of players like Jascha Heifetz and Fritz Kreisler it became a concert favourite separate from the suite of which it forms a part. 
Dohnányi also arranged the "Gypsy Andante" from Op. 32c for cello and piano, as Op. 32d.
There is also an arrangement of Op. 32d for cello and harp, and cello and orchestra.
The term "Gypsy Andante" is sometimes also applied to the "Adagio non troppo" movement of the orchestral suite.

</doc>
<doc id="31008349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008349" title="Membury Camp">
Membury Camp

Membury Camp, or Membury Fort, is the site of an Iron Age hillfort located on the borders of Wiltshire and Berkshire, (the county line divides the site in two, although the majority of the site lies within Wiltshire). The site encompasses 14 hectares, and is situated in the south-western corner of a small plateau. The circular earthworks are completely shrouded in trees and inside the walls it is mostly arable farmland. To the northeast, in the Berkshire segment, the camp is totally wooded by a small copse, "Walls Copse", which covers a quarter of the site. To the north and east the adjoining ground is flat, but to the south and west it falls away steeply, providing a natural defence. The camp consists of a single ditch with banks on either side and encloses and area measuring 390m by 490m. A gap in the east with inturning flanks is probably an original entrance though it is mutilated and overgrown. Other gaps in the banks appear to be more modern. A possible hut circle is visible as a cropmark situated at the south end of the hillfort. The east side of the earthwork has been partly destroyed by the construction of a wartime airfield, RAF Membury. The site has not been excavated but a number of prehistoric finds have been found in the vicinity. It is a scheduled ancient monument no. 228970 There have been several collections of pottery found, in 1977, 1980 and 1987 Other significant finds have also included for flint artefacts from the mesolithic era, and flint tools from the neolithic era, prior to the Iron Age.
Location.
The site is located at , to the southwest of the village and parish of Lambourn, in the county of Wiltshire and in part Berkshire. The site lies at a height of approximately 200m AOD. There is a public footpath that runs through the site and bridleways to the east and south of the site. The M4 motorway lies to the immediate north and northeast. The motorway services station Membury services, and the wartime airfield, RAF Membury, also lie to the immediate north east.

</doc>
<doc id="31008361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008361" title="Eastmead">
Eastmead

Eastmead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31008373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008373" title="2011 New Zealand NBL season">
2011 New Zealand NBL season

The 2011 New Zealand National Basketball League season was the 30th running of the competition. It commenced on 15 April when the defending champion Wellington Saints hosted 2010 runner-up the Waikato Pistons at TSB Stadium in Wellington.
The playoffs were set up with the teams placed 3–6 playing off for a spot in the major semi finals. The winner of the major semi finals then met in the NBL final championship game.
In 2011 the Auckland Pirates were welcomed into the league but unfortunately the Christchurch Cougars did not take part in the competition because of the effects of the 2011 Canterbury Earthquake. The participating teams of the season were: Wellington Saints, Waikato Pistons, Southland Sharks, Otago Nuggets, Nelson Giants, Auckland Pirates, Manawatu Jets, Taranaki Mountainairs and the Hawke's Bay Hawks.
Season Awards.
MVP: Alex Pledger<br>
Leading scorer: Jack Leasure<br>
Rookie of the Year: Steven Adams<br>
Coach of the Year: Dean Vickerman<br>
All-Star Five: Lindsay Tait, Jason Crowe, Thomas Abercrombie, Mika Vukona, Alex Pledger

</doc>
<doc id="31008376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008376" title="Cuando toca la campana">
Cuando toca la campana

Cuando toca la campana ("When the Bell Rings") is an Argentine television sitcom airing on Disney Channel in Latin American Countries. The series premiered on February 28, 2011. Created by "Cristal Líquido Produçöes" and starring Mariana Magaña, Leonel Deluglio, Nicole Luis, Diana Santos, Jorge Blanco, Julio Graham, Gerardo Velazquez, Stephi Camarena and Eva De Dominici, the show follows the adventures of guys who try to have fun, "When the bell rings" ("Cuando toca la campana") for the break. It is a Latin American adaptation based on the Disney Channel Italy series "Quelli dell'intervallo".
Premise.
"Cuando toca la campana" revolves around the adventures of the friends and enemies Barbi (Mariana Magaña), Miguel (Leonel Deluglio), Lucia (Nicole Luis), Ana (Diana Santos), Pablo (Jorge Blanco), Rodrigo (Julio Graham), DJ (Gerardo Velazquez), Naty (Stephie Camarena) and Paola (Dominici Eva), who study in the same school and try to have fun at recess time, all trying to adapt themselves and their crazy adventures. Lucia waiting for the Miguel love and him waiting for her love, Barbi doing crazy things with DJ; Ana, always trying to get good grades and spending some time with Pablo, Rodrigo always fill them all with his bad luck, Natalia acting and having fun and Paola always singing.
Background.
The show was produced by Disney Channel Latin America in association with Cristal Liquido Produçöes.

</doc>
<doc id="31008408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008408" title="Bark Ranch, Colorado">
Bark Ranch, Colorado

Bark Ranch is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 213. It corresponds to the housing community of Bar-K Ranch.
Geography.
Bar-K Ranch is located in west central Boulder County in the Front Range of the Colorado Rocky Mountains. It is situated on a ridge west of Jamestown and south of South St. Vrain Creek. Overland Road forms the northern edge of the community, leading east to Jamestown and Altona and west to State Highway 72, the Peak to Peak Highway.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Bark Ranch CDP has a total area of , of which , or 1.09%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="31008415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008415" title="Bonanza Mountain Estates, Colorado">
Bonanza Mountain Estates, Colorado

Bonanza Mountain Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 128.
Geography.
The CDP is a residential community located in southern Boulder County in the Front Range of the Colorado Rocky Mountains, just east of the town of Nederland. It is situated on a ridge between Middle Boulder Creek and North Boulder Creek. Ridge Road is the main street through the community, leading west to Nederland and east to St. Ann Highlands.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Bonanza Mountain Estates CDP has an area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008424" title="Crisman, Colorado">
Crisman, Colorado

Crisman is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 186.
Geography.
Crisman is located in central Boulder County in the Front Range of the Colorado Rocky Mountains, in the valley of Fourmile Creek. Four Mile Canyon Drive leads southeast to Boulder and northwest to Gold Hill.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Crisman CDP has an area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008441" title="Aleksandr Alexandrovich Kovalyov">
Aleksandr Alexandrovich Kovalyov

Aleksandr Alexandrovich Kovalyov () (born 24 September 1986) is a Kazakhstani-born Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for Metallurg Bekabad. He plays as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="31008445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008445" title="Glendale, Boulder County, Colorado">
Glendale, Boulder County, Colorado

Glendale is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. It should not be confused with the city by the same name in Arapahoe County, Colorado. The population as of the 2010 Census was 69.
Geography.
Glendale is located in central Boulder County in the Front Range of the Colorado Rocky Mountains, in the valley of Left Hand Creek. Lefthand Canyon Drive leads east to Altona and U.S. Highway 36, and west to Ward and State Highway 72.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Glendale CDP has an area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008448" title="Hidden Lake, Colorado">
Hidden Lake, Colorado

Hidden Lake is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 31.
Geography.
Hidden Lake is located in western Boulder County in the Front Range of the Colorado Rocky Mountains. State Highway 72, the Peak to Peak Highway, forms the western edge of the community, leading south to Ward and to Nederland, and north to Estes Park.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Hidden Lake CDP has an area of , of which , or 2.27%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="31008451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008451" title="Vikkollen">
Vikkollen

Vikkollen (Vikkollbakken, originally written Wikkollen) was a ski jump in Mjøndalen in Buskerud, owned by Mjøndalen IF. The hill was at the farm of Bothnia, just south of Mjøndalen center. It was the venue for the Championship in particular jump in 1960 and combined jump in 1946. Reidar Amble Ommundsen (Norway) set a world record in Vikkollen with 54 meters on 7 February 1915.
History.
The hill was built in 1912 and was officially opened on 28 March 1914. The first record was 38 meters. After the world record jump in 1915, it set new ground records, and Reidar Andersen jumped 67 meters in 1933, the year before ground was rebuilt.
Vikkollen should have been championship arena in 1941, but the championship was cancelled because of the sport strike during the World War II.
The ground was rebuilt again in 1950, the year after Erling hook improved the hill record to 86 meters. After yet another modification, the national ski jumping championships in 1960 were held in Vikkollen. Ole Tom Nord was the Norwegian champion. In March 1960, the last hill record of 86.5 meters was set by the Finnish Paavo Lukkariniemi in a Nordic race.
The last race in Vikkollen was held in 1963, and three years later, the scaffolding collapsed.

</doc>
<doc id="31008453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008453" title="Lazy Acres, Colorado">
Lazy Acres, Colorado

Lazy Acres is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 920.
Geography.
Lazy Acres is located in central Boulder County in the Front Range of the Colorado Rocky Mountains. It is situated on a ridge northwest of the city of Boulder.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Lazy Acres CDP has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008455" title="Otto Torgersen">
Otto Torgersen

Otto Torgersen (16 June 1910 – 12 December 2000) was a Norwegian architect, born in Trondheim.
Among his designs were the Norwegian Museum of Science and Technology at Etterstad from 1960, and the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences at Sogn from 1971. He was responsible for designing the exhibitions at Norway's Resistance Museum. He also contributed to the Kon Tiki Museum and the Fram Museum.
He founded the advertisement bureau Pran & Torgersen in 1947, jointly with Christian Pran. He was awarded "Gullblyanten" in 1969. He died in December 2000 and was buried at Vestre gravlund. His company existed until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31008458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008458" title="Leyner, Colorado">
Leyner, Colorado

Leyner is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 29.
Geography.
Leyner is located in eastern Boulder County along the west side of U.S. Route 287, north of Lafayette. Boulder Creek forms the northern edge of the CDP.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Leyner CDP has an area of , of which , or 21.66%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="31008459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008459" title="List of Yeovil Town F.C. managers">
List of Yeovil Town F.C. managers

This chronological list of managers of Yeovil Town Football Club comprises all those who have held the position of manager of the first team of Yeovil Town since the club was first admitted to the Southern League in 1923 and subsequently turned professional. Each manager's entry includes his dates of tenure and the club's overall competitive record (in terms of matches won, drawn and lost), honours won and significant achievements while under his care. Caretaker managers are included, where known, as well as those who have been in permanent charge.
Managers.
All first-team matches in national competitions are counted. Manager dates and statistics are sourced from Miller, Kerry (2005) for pre-Second World War managers, and then Ciderspace up until promotion to the Football League in 2003 and Soccerbase thereafter. Statistics are complete up to and including 22 November 2013. Names of caretaker managers are supplied where known, and periods of caretaker-management are highlighted in italics. Wins, losses and draws are results at the final whistle; the results of penalty shoot-outs are not counted.
Records.
Nationalities.
"As of 25 February 2011 (including caretakers)"
Most games.
"As of 22 November 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="31008460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008460" title="37th Saturn Awards">
37th Saturn Awards

The 37th Saturn Awards, honoring the best in science fiction, fantasy and horror film and television in 2010 were held on June 23, 2011.
Winners and nominees.
Film.
Best Science Fiction Film.
Inception
Best Fantasy Film.
Alice in Wonderland
Best Horror/Thriller Film.
Let Me In
Best Action/Adventure Film.
Salt
Best Actor.
Jeff Bridges - 
Best Actress.
Natalie Portman - Black Swan
Best Supporting Actor.
Andrew Garfield - Never Let Me Go
Best Supporting Actress.
Mila Kunis - Black Swan
Best Performance by a Younger Actor.
Chloë Grace Moretz - Let Me In
Best Director.
Christopher Nolan - Inception
Best Writing.
Christopher Nolan - Inception
Best Music.
Hans Zimmer - Inception
Best Costume.
Alice in Wonderland
Best Make-Up.
The Wolfman
Best Special Effects.
Inception
Best International Film.
Monsters
Best Animated Film.
Toy Story 3
Television.
Best Network Series.
Fringe
Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series.
Breaking Bad
Best Television Presentation.
The Walking Dead
Best Actor in Television.
Stephen Moyer - True Blood
Best Actress in Television.
Anna Torv - Fringe
Best Supporting Actor in Television.
John Noble - Fringe
Best Supporting Actress in Television.
Lucy Lawless - 
Best Guest Starring Role in Television.
Richard Dreyfuss - Weeds and Joe Manganiello - True Blood (tie)
DVD Releases.
Best DVD Release.
Never Sleep Again: The Elm Street Legacy
Best DVD Special Edition.
Avatar (Extended Collector’s Edition)
Best DVD Classic Film Release.
The Complete Metropolis
Best DVD Movie Collection.
Alien Anthology
Best DVD Television Release.
The Twilight Zone (Season 1 & 2) (Blu-ray)

</doc>
<doc id="31008462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008462" title="Mountain Meadows, Colorado">
Mountain Meadows, Colorado

Mountain Meadows is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 274.
Geography.
Mountain Meadows is located in south-central Boulder County in the hills west of the city of Boulder. Primary access is via Sugarloaf Road from Boulder Canyon Drive (State Highway 119). The CDP is bordered by Crisman to the northeast and Sugarloaf to the southwest.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Mountain Meadows CDP has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008468" title="Paragon Estates, Colorado">
Paragon Estates, Colorado

Paragon Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 928.
Geography.
Paragon Estates is located in southeastern Boulder County on the northwest edge of Louisville and southeast of Boulder. U.S. Highway 36, the Denver–Boulder Turnpike, forms the southwest edge of the CDP.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Paragon Estates CDP has an area of , of which , or 0.63%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="31008474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008474" title="Pine Brook Hill, Colorado">
Pine Brook Hill, Colorado

Pine Brook Hill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 983.
Geography.
Pine Brook Hill is located in central Boulder County on the northwest edge of the city of Boulder. It is located in the hills directly overlooking Boulder, with elevations ranging from at the eastern base of the hills to on a hilltop near the western edge of the CDP.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Pine Brook Hill CDP has an area of , of which , or 0.24%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="31008476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008476" title="Sugarloaf, Colorado">
Sugarloaf, Colorado

Sugarloaf is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 261.
Geography.
Sugarloaf is located in south-central Boulder County, approximately halfway between Boulder and Nederland. It is bordered by the Mountain Meadows CDP to the northeast, and North Boulder Creek forms part of the southern edge of the community. Sugarloaf Road is the main route through the CDP.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Sugarloaf CDP has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008479" title="St. Ann Highlands, Colorado">
St. Ann Highlands, Colorado

St. Ann Highlands is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 288.
Geography.
St. Ann Highlands is located in southern Boulder County, northeast of the town of Nederland. It occupies a ridge between the valleys of North Boulder Creek and Middle Boulder Creek. State Highway 119 forms the southern edge of the CDP, connecting Nederland to the west with Boulder to the east.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the St. Ann Highlands CDP has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008483" title="Johan Diergaardt">
Johan Diergaardt

Johan Diergaardt is a Namibian rugby union coach.
He was coach of Western Suburbs Premier League Namibian team and chairman of the national selectors committee. He was nominated head coach of Namibia, in February 2008.
Diergaardt achieved the third qualification in a row of Namibia for the 2011 Rugby World Cup. He also won for the first time the IRB Nations Cup of 2010, in Romania. Namibia disappointed at the 2011 Rugby World Cup finals, losing once again all the four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="31008484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008484" title="Samuel Green, Jr.">
Samuel Green, Jr.

Samuel Levi Green, Jr. (born March 9, 1927) is a pastor and bishop in the Church of God in Christ.
Biography.
Samuel L. Green, Jr. was born to Deacon Samuel Levi and Mrs. Leosia P. Green on March 19, 1927. He was married to Vivian F. Green, from 1948 until her death in 2006, and remarried in 2007. Green was a graduate of the Booker T. Washington High School and attended Old Dominion University. He received an Honorary Degree of Divinity at the Trinity Hall College in Springfield, IL. 
Green was pastor at St. John's Church of God in Christ in Newport News, VA for 45 years. He was appointed to the office of Bishop by Bishop J.O. Patterson, Sr. in 1973 and became the prelate of the Second Jurisdiction of Virginia. Under his leadership, the jurisdiction went from having 52 churches to 72 churches. In 1984, Bishop Green was appointed to the General Board of the Church of God in Christ. He officially retired from the General Board on November 12, 2012 and was declared an emeritus member of the General Board by Bishop Charles Blake. 

</doc>
<doc id="31008513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008513" title="Tülin Şahin">
Tülin Şahin

Tülin Şahin (born December 13, 1980) is a Turkish-Danish top model, television presenter, fashion designer, author, and actress.
Life and career.
Tülin was born in Odense in Denmark and spent her childhood there. She was discovered in a shopping mall and went to do professional modeling career in Paris in 1998. She came to Turkey, the birthplace of her parents to work for Zeki Triko. Şahin was dubbed as 'Sivaslı Cindy' or 'Cindy from Sivas' because of her close resemblance to Cindy Crawford and Sivas being her hometown. Tülin Şahin is of Circassian ancestry.
She has also done charity and philanthropic work with her husband Mehmet Özer. She established the website tuliss.com for women.

</doc>
<doc id="31008514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008514" title="Seven Hills, Colorado">
Seven Hills, Colorado

Seven Hills is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. It should not be confused with the neighborhood of the same name in Aurora, Colorado. The population as of the 2010 Census was 121.
Geography.
Seven Hills is located in central Boulder County, in the hills west of the city of Boulder. It lies between Sunshine Canyon Drive, which forms the northeast edge of the CDP, and Fourmile Canyon Drive, which touches the southwest edge of the CDP. Elevations range from at Fourmile Canyon Drive to along Sunshine Canyon Drive. Poorman Road connects the two drives, running through the center of the CDP.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Seven Hills CDP has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008540" title="James Boyd (American football)">
James Boyd (American football)

James Aaron Boyd (born October 17, 1977 in Norfolk, Virginia) is a former defensive back for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League. He attended Indian River High School in Chesapeake, and as quarterback, guided the team to a state football championship in 1995.
College career.
Boyd played free safety at Penn State. In 2000, he was one of 12 semifinalists for the Jim Thorpe Award, which is given to the best defensive back in college football.
Professional career.
James was selected in the 3rd round (94th overall) of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Jacksonville Jaguars. He wore #42. In his rookie season (2001–02), he played in 16 games, assisting on 3 tackles and making 6 of his own. In 2002, he deflected two passes and made five solo tackles in ten games.

</doc>
<doc id="31008549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008549" title="Spanish-Norman horse">
Spanish-Norman horse

The Spanish-Norman horse is a warmblood horse breed that is the result of crosses between two much older breeds – the Andalusian of Spain and the Percheron of France. In 1991, a registry was created in Connecticut in the United States to maintain records of the breed. The Spanish-Norman is bred primarily as a sport horse.
History.
Both the Andalusian and the Percheron have Spanish and Barb ancestry. The Andalusian horse is descended from the Iberian horses of Spain and Portugal, and derives its name from its place of origin, the Spanish region of Andalusia. Throughout history, the Iberian breeds have been influenced by many different people and cultures who occupied Spain, including the Celts, the Carthaginians, the Romans, various Germanic tribes and the Moors. The Iberian horse was identified as a talented war horse as early as 450 BCE. Despite their ancient history, all living Andalusians trace to a small number of horses bred by religious orders in the 18th and 19th centuries. An influx of heavy horse blood beginning in the 16th century, resulted in the dilution of many of the bloodlines; only those protected by selective breeding remained intact to become the modern Andalusian.
The Percheron breed originated in France, taking its name from the former Perche province. Its exact origins are unknown, and several theories have been put forth as to the ancestors of the breed. These theories include the Percheron originating variously from Arabian stallions brought to the area by 8th century Muslim invaders, Moorish cavalry horses from the Battle of Poitiers and Boulonnais horses used by Caesars legions. It is known that much Arabian, Oriental and Spanish blood was added during the breed's history. 
Blood typing studies by Dr. E. Gus Cothran of the University of Kentucky have unearthed similar genetic markers in Andalusian and Percheron horses.
Breed characteristics.
The Spanish-Norman stands . Like both the Percheron and the Andalusian the predominant color is gray, although some bay and black individuals are also seen. It shares the Percheron's size and density of bone; like the Andalusian, the Spanish-Norman has a refined, convex head, long neck and legs, broad chest, short back, well-muscled hindquarters and a generous mane and tail. Since Spanish-Norman horses are required to possess at least 50 percent Andalusian blood, they are eligible for dual registry as half-Andalusians by the International Andalusian and Lusitano Horse Association and eligible to compete in IALHA-sponsored shows. As of 2011, over 100 Andalusian stallions are registered as foundation sires in the Spanish-Norman breed registry. Percheron mares are required to be registered with either the Percheron Association of America or the Canadian Percheron Association.
Uses.
With a combination of strength from the Percheron and elegance from the Andalusian, the Spanish-Norman is well suited for the show ring in driving classes and eventing. Like the Andalusian, it is also used as a parade and exhibition horse.

</doc>
<doc id="31008550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008550" title="Thomas Faulkner">
Thomas Faulkner

Thomas Faulkner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31008560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008560" title="Sunshine, Colorado">
Sunshine, Colorado

Sunshine is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 230.
Geography.
Sunshine is located in central Boulder County, in the hills northwest of the city of Boulder. It is bordered by the Crisman CDP to the south, and the Glendale and Lazy Acres CDPs are to the north.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Sunshine CDP has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008561" title="Dey Scared Of Me">
Dey Scared Of Me

Dey Scared of Me is the second album by New Orleans based rapper Tre-8, and his first since leaving No Limit Records. It was released on Smoke 1 Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31008563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008563" title="Tall Timber, Colorado">
Tall Timber, Colorado

Tall Timber is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 208.
Geography.
Tall Timber is located in central Boulder County, in the hills west of the city of Boulder. Sugarloaf Road runs through the center of the CDP, leading south to State Highway 119 (Boulder Canyon Drive) and west to Sugarloaf and eventually the Peak to Peak Highway.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Tall Timber CDP has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="31008569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008569" title="Valmont, Colorado">
Valmont, Colorado

Valmont is a census-designated place (CDP) in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 59.
Geography.
Valmont is located in southeastern Boulder County, east of the city of Boulder, between Boulder Creek to the north and Valmont Butte to the south. Valmont Road runs through the center of the community.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Valmont CDP has an area of , of which is land and , or 23.63%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="31008582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008582" title="Thomas Faulkner (topographer)">
Thomas Faulkner (topographer)

Thomas Faulkner (1777–1855) was an English topographer of Chelsea and other localities about London.
Life.
Faulkner belonged to a family involved in the building trade in the west of London. He for many years kept a small bookseller's and stationer's shop at the corner of Paradise Row, at the west end of the footpath running past Chelsea Hospital. Without much education, he acquired sufficient knowledge of French and Spanish to obtain some employment as a translator.
Faulkner was a member of the Society of Antiquaries of Normandy. He died at Smith Street, Chelsea, on 26 May 1855, at the age of seventy-eight.
Works.
He began his literary career in October and November 1797 by communications to the "Gentleman's Magazine", to which he was an occasional contributor for over half a century. He was also a contributor to the earlier series of the "New Monthly Magazine".
In 1805 he published a ‘Short Account of Chelsea Hospital,’ and in 1810 produced his major work, ‘A Historical and Topographical Account of Chelsea and its Environs. With biographical anecdotes of illustrious and eminent persons who have resided in Chelsea during the three preceding centuries,’ London. It was dedicated to Brownlow North, bishop of Winchester, who then had an official house in Chelsea. Faulkner is said to have been assisted in the compilation by the Rev. Weedon Butler, the younger, a local schoolmaster. A second edition of the work, in 2 vols. and dedicated to the Hon. G. Cadogan, appeared in 1829.
In 1813 Faulkner published ‘Historical and Topographical Account of the parish of Fulham, including the hamlet of Hammersmith,’ dedicated to John Randolph, then bishop of London; and in 1820 his ‘History and Antiquities of Kensington, with Biographical Anecdotes of Royal and Distinguished Personages, and a Descriptive Catalogue of the Pictures in the Palace from a survey taken by the late Benjamin West, P.R.A., by command of his Majesty,’ London. This work was dedicated to George IV. The plates in general were poor; but some etchings, illustrative of the work, were published by Robert Banks, from original drawings in the possession of W. Simonds Higgs, F.S.A., then a resident in Kensington, and in 1831 eight views of Kew Gardens were published from drawings by J. Sargeant, engraved by H. Waller and John Rogers.
In 1839 Faulkner brought out his ‘History and Antiquities of Hammersmith,’ London, dedicated to Queen Victoria and in 1845 ‘History and Antiquities of Brentford, Chiswick, and Ealing,’ London. Both these works contain biographical notices of local notabilities during the three preceding centuries. A complete list of Faulkner's works, including several minor publications not in the ‘British Museum Catalogue of Printed Books,’ is given in the obituary notice in the "Gentleman's Magazine" for June 1855.
Two portraits of him exist—an expressive one in octavo size, with his coat of arms, and a quarto lithograph inscribed ‘J. Holmes, ad vivum del.’

</doc>
<doc id="31008589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008589" title="Shavkat Raimqulov">
Shavkat Raimqulov

Shavkat Raimqulov (; born 7 May 1984) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for Shurtan Guzar. He plays as a defender.
Career.
Raimqulov has made appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team. He also appeared for Uzbekistan at the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup finals in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="31008594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008594" title="Kazakh literature">
Kazakh literature

Kazakh literature is the literature created in the modern state of Kazakhstan, the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic, the Kazakh part of the Russian Empire, and the Kazakh Khanate. There is some overlap with several complementary themes, including the literature of Turkic tribes that inhabited Kazakhstan over the course of the history and literature written by ethnic Kazakhs
Medieval literature.
According to Chinese written sources of 6th-8th centuries CE, Turkic tribes of Kazakhstan had oral poetry tradition. Traces of this tradition are shown on stone carvings dated 5th-7th centuries C.E. that describes rule of Kultegin and Bilge, two early Turkic rulers ("kagans").
Book of Dede Korkut and Oguz Name (a story of ancient Turkic king Oghuz Khan) are the most well-known Turkic heroic legends. Initially created around 9th century CE, they were passed over the generations in oral form these legends were recorded by Turkish authors in 14-16th centuries C.E. 
Abay Kunanbayev.
The preemininent role in the development of modern literary Kazakh belongs to Abay Qunanbayuli (or Kunanbayev, ) (1845–1904), whose writings did much to preserve Kazakh folk culture. Abay's major work is "The Book of Words" (), a philosophical treatise and collection of poems where he criticizes Russian colonial policies and encourages other Kazakhs to embrace education and literacy.

</doc>
<doc id="31008596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008596" title="Potiguar">
Potiguar

Potiguar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31008613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008613" title="List of Mexican states by unemployment">
List of Mexican states by unemployment

This page lists the regional variation in Mexican unemployment statistics.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="31008617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008617" title="Hofn Air Station">
Hofn Air Station

Hofn Air Station (ADC/NATO ID: H-3) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located east of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland. It was closed on 30 June 1992.
History.
Hofn Air Station was established as a North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) radar station under Military Air Transport Service. The 933d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron was activated at the facility on 1 July 1951. Initial radars at the station were an AN/FPS-3; AN/FPS-20A, and an AN/FPS-6 height finder. 
The Greenland, Iceland and United Kingdom air defense sector, better known as the GIUK gap, was routinely utilized by the Soviet Union's long range heavy bombers and maritime reconnaissance platforms as a transit point towards the Atlantic Ocean. From bases located at Archangel and Murmansk, Soviet aircraft would stream down to the North Cape in Norway towards the Gap which was use as a doorway to the vast Atlantic. Most of the Soviet missions were destined to probe United States’ air defense along the North Atlantic and after 1960 in the Caribbean where Cuba, the USSR’s most important satellite state outside continental Europe, was located. Such was the perceived treat from the Soviet incursions that it became a priority for NATO to demonstrate to that the strategic Giuk passage would be monitored at all times. 
The mission of the station was to intercept and shadow all Soviet aircraft in transit in and from the Gap which passed through the detection range of its radars and pass the information to interceptor aircraft deployed at Keflavik Airfield.
The 933d AC&W Squadron was inactivated on 30 June 1960, being replaced by the 667th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron. Beginning in 1984, information on aircraft detected by the station was relayed to the Keflavik NAS Radar Operations Control Center (ROCC), operated by the 932d Air Control Squadron. In the 1980s, the radar as the station was upgraded to an AN/FPS-117v5.
Hofn Air Station was inactivated on 30 June 1992. The radar was replaced by a civilian ARSR radar and is now used for air traffic control.

</doc>
<doc id="31008618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008618" title="Bill Baber">
Bill Baber

William Franklin "Bill" Baber (born January 17, 1979 in Charlottesville, Virginia) is a former tight end in the National Football League who played on 3 rosters in 4 seasons.
Collegiate career.
Baber played college football for Virginia. He was selected with the 141st pick (5th round) of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs.
Pro career.
Baber played in just one game during his rookie season. In 2002, he started 2 of the 12 games that he played in, recording 2 receptions for ten yards and 1 touchdown. The following year, he played all 16 games but made just one reception for 20 yards. In November 2004, the Chiefs waived Baber. The San Diego Chargers acquired him, but he did not see action. Finally, he played his last game, in 2004, for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, recording 1 reception for 7 yards.

</doc>
<doc id="31008620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008620" title="Rudy Reyes (actor)">
Rudy Reyes (actor)

Rodolfo "Rudy" Reyes (born December 3, 1971 in Richards-Gebaur Air Force Base, Kansas City, Missouri) is a United States Marine, martial arts instructor, and actor. He is best known for portraying himself in the HBO TV series "Generation Kill".
Early years.
Reyes was born in 1971 to a United States Marine father en route to Vietnam. Reyes was raised by his grandparents until 1976 when both his grandmother and grandfather died in the same year. He spent the next few years being shuffled between relatives and eventually the Omaha Home for Boys. His childhood hero was Bruce Lee, and at 15 Reyes started studying kung fu. At 17 Reyes emancipated himself and took custody of his two younger brothers, after which he moved to Kansas City, Missouri. There, he continued to study and teach kung fu with his brothers. Both Rudy and one of his younger brothers, Michael, worked at Lucille's Restaurant in Westport (Kansas City, Missouri) in the 1990s.
Military career.
In 1998 Reyes joined the United States Marine Corps and was ultimately selected for (and passed) Marine Recon training. He served in Afghanistan and took part in the Iraq war. Reyes served on the "USS Dubuque" and often led platoon PT sessions on ship.
Trainer, actor and writer.
After leaving the military in 2005, Reyes became a fitness trainer at a gym in San Diego. His acting roles included playing himself in "Generation Kill" (2008) and the TV Series "Apocalypse Man" and "Ultimate Survival Alaska" (2014). In 2009, Reyes wrote a book titled: "Hero Living: Seven Strides to Awaken Your Infinite Power" with Angela Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="31008626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008626" title="Gambrion">
Gambrion

`
Gambrion is an ancient city near Kınık and Bergama in İzmir province, in the Aegean Region of Turkey. 
It is on a hill named Hisarlık in Bakırçay (ancient Kaikos) valley and very close to modern town of Poyracık.
The name of Gambrion is seen first in the book of Anabasis of Xenofon which gives knowledge about the region in 399 BC. At that time the ruler of the city was Gorgion.
There was a star with twelve rays on the electron money of Gambrion.

</doc>
<doc id="31008661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008661" title="Dharma Manikya II">
Dharma Manikya II

Dharma Manikya II (ruled 1714-1733) was the king of Tripura Kingdom from 1714 until 1733, although his power was greatly diminished in 1732 with the rise to power of Jagat Manikya with the aid of the Nawab of Bengal, Shuja-ud-Din Muhammad Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="31008662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008662" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1969)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1969)

Cyril Turpin.
Cyril Turpin is played by William Moore. Policeman Cyril arrived in Coronation Street with his wife Betty Turpin in 1969, to stay with his sister-in-law Maggie Clegg. The Turpins set up home in Weatherfield and in 1971, Cyril left the police force for an office job. After 1972, Cyril wasn't seen on screen anymore, only spoken about by Betty. In February 1974, Cyril was due to attend Len Fairclough's and Rita Littlewood's engagement party in the Rovers Return, but he died on his way there.
Janet Barlow.
Janet Felicity Barlow (née Reid) is played by actress Judith Barker from her debut in 1969 until she was killed off in 1977. Janet worked as the town clerk in Weatherfield. Always portrayed as an upwardly mobile homewrecker, she first came into the picture as a love interest for Len Fairclough, but she finished their relationship. In 1971, she set her sights on Alan Howard, but his wife, Elsie, saw Janet for what she was and confronted her in the corner shop, telling her exactly what she thought of her; Elsie's big heart, however, made her realise that Janet was a bleeding heart, who just wanted to be loved.
The Janet character was used as a plot device for the Ken Barlow character, so his storylines would become more interesting. Barker was quoted as saying, "She was used as a device, in the Ken relationship, and people were encouraged to hate her. I used to go about being terribly nice and pleasant to everybody in the hope that people would like her more."
In that year, Ken and Janet were wed, but the two clashed many times, most notably when it came to Ken's twins from his previous marriage to Val. Janet didn't want to raise children, while Ken wanted them to return to Weatherfield (they were sent to live in Scotland after Val's death). Another key showdown came when Valerie's Uncle Albert, who had since moved in with Ken, told him that he did not like Janet, as she disapproved of the twins. In May 1974, Janet left Ken, telling him that she had no faith in him, that he had no drive or ambition. The day she left, Ken was offered a high-powered job at the Mark Brittain Warehouse opposite the Street.
While separated, Janet and Ken did not divorce; they did, however, date other people. Ken met Janet's new partner, a taxi driver, and the three of them got on very well. However, he too was to tire of Janet's forthright behaviour and he left her. In February 1977, Janet came to Ken's house and begged for him to take her back. He refused, but allowed her to stay the night in their bed — Ken slept on the sofa. Rejected by the one person she thought would never forsake her, a distraught Janet took an overdose of sleeping pills. Ken discovered her dead in bed the following morning, and the situation was complicated when Ken was initially suspected by the police of murdering her in order to avoid a divorce. Ken had lost his mother, father, brother, nephew and his first wife, and now he had lost another — all at a relatively early age.
Sandra Butler.
Sandra Butler is the niece of Elsie Tanner, played by Patricia Fuller. She made her first appearance on 17 November 1969. Sandra was looking to become a hairdresser and soon after arriving, Elsie got Sandra a job at the local salon owned by Alan Howard, along with her brother Bernard. As the Butlers settled in Weatherfield, Sandra met Ray Langton and took care of him while he recovered from a serious accident. The pair became involved and eventually got engaged, setting the wedding for May, but it was called off when Sandra found out Ray had been unfaithful with their married neighbour Audrey Fleming. The Butlers were axed from "Coronation Street" just months after their arrival, and Sandra's exit storyline was her moving to London.
Bernard Butler.
Bernard Butler is the nephew of Elsie Tanner played by Gorden Kaye between 1969 and 1970. Bernard got a job in Saddleworth, where he had lived previously and moved back there. 
Alan Howard.
Alan Patrick Howard was played by Alan Browning. A local businessman, he first appears in December 1969 and quickly makes Elsie Tanner manageress at his salon. Alan makes it clear he is interested in Elsie, and when her old flame Bill Gregory rocks up after several years away, Alan makes his move and asks Elsie to move in with him. Elsie agonises over her choice, before turning Bill down. Elsie and Alan later split up however, when he says he doesn't want to get married again. Alan leaves the area following the split in March 1970.
In July, Alan makes a shock return and pleads with Elsie to take him back, telling her he is ready to commit. Elsie forgives Alan and the pair marry a couple of weeks later. However, it becomes clear after the wedding that Alan is in serious debt and after returning from their honeymoon Alan gets a rude awakening when rumours of a petition against him start circulating. He is forced to move into Elsie's house and start again while he pays off what he owes. Billy Walker gave Alan a job as a mechanic in his garage in September, and was promoted to manager when Billy left the area in 1971. He later bought the garage with a loan from his ex-wife Laura.
Alan was tempted in 1971 when Janet Reid made advances towards him. He tried to turn her down, but she was persistent. When Elsie found out, Alan denied anything had happened and she believed him, but warned Janet off him anyway. In 1972, despite Elsie's pleas, Alan starts a new venture going into partnership with Jimmy Frazer selling used cars. The workload becomes too much for him to bear and he turns to drink. Quickly falling victim to the addiction, he falls asleep one night after drinking and almost sets fire to the house. Elsie was devastated by his reckless actions, and Alan agrees to terminate the partnership with Jimmy in order to save their marriage and quit the alcohol.
In 1973, Elsie was offered a job in Newcastle and on Alan's advice, she accepted. The Howards moved away, and after tying up loose ends selling the garage back to Billy and renting out the house, Alan last appeared in January 1974. Alan and Elsie later split up and Elsie moved back to Weatherfield in the spring of 1976. They divorced a couple of years later when Alan wanted to marry again.
Janice Langton.
Janice Langton was played by Paula Wilcox. Janice arrived in Coronation Street when she ran away from her probation officer following a sentence for robbery with violence. Her brother allowed her to stay with him at No.9. Whilst there, she offended him by making a pass at his friend and landlord Len Fairclough. Janice was using her growing friendship with Len as a cover for her relationship with Borstal boy Bob Neale, with whom she stole Dave Smith's car. Before Ray replaced Dave's car, Janice and Bob removed £500 cash from it, leading to Ray being suspected of stealing it. Janice was shortly afterwards evicted from No.9. She left Weatherfield for good. 
When Ray was in hospital in November 1969 recovering from the coach crash in the Lake District, Ena Sharples visited him and revealed she'd tried to trace Janice for him, only to find that she was in a Remand Home. 
In 2005, Ray mentioned that he had no living family, implying that Janice died sometime between 1969 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31008675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008675" title="Ni contigo ni sin ti">
Ni contigo ni sin ti

Ni contigo... ni sin ti (With you, without you) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Martha Patricia López de Zatarain for Televisa. Laura Carmine and Eduardo Santamarina are the main protagonists.. "Ni contigo ni sin ti" won "best female revelation" at Premios TVyNovelas.
Canal de las Estrellas aired the series from February 28 to August 26, 2011, Univision aired 2 hours of "Ni contigo ni sin ti" from October 18 to October 28, 2011, and then it aired in 1 hour from October 31, 2011 to April 6, 2012 at 2pm/1c. From September 18, 2013 to March 26, 2014, Univision broadcast reruns of "Ni contigo ni sin ti" every Tuesday to Saturday mornings at 1am/12c, replacing "Zacatillo, un lugar en tu corazón". The final episode was broadcast on Wednesday, March 26, 2014 at 1am/12c, with "Amorcito Corazón" replacing it the following day.
Plot.
Leo became blind because of an accident that occurred when he was 15 years old. His personality does not correspond to television stereotypes of disabled persons. On the contrary, Leo is optimistic and happy. Nicole moves into Leo's building after leaving her home town due to the destruction caused by a hurricane.
Leo works selling encyclopedias and teaching Braille at the local museum while Nicole studies design. They meet and fall in love. Nicole works in an exclusive boutique run by Eleonor. Eleonor has a daughter named Veronica. Besides having a complicated mother-daughter relationship, they share a secret. Julia also lives there and is constantly looking for job. Julia is about to marry Octavio, a wealthy, middle-aged man who gets everything his way. She is marrying him out of gratitude because he got her out of a strip club. She meets Iker, a good-looking young man. There is a misunderstanding between them and Iker feels rejected.
The story tells about other couples, rich and humble. Rich people have a nice house in a district of uptown. Humble people have jobs that provide basic support.

</doc>
<doc id="31008677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008677" title="Jock Shearer">
Jock Shearer

John "Jock" Shearer (8 July 1917 – 1979) was a Scottish professional football player and coach.
Career.
After serving with the British Army during World War Two, Shearer signed a professional contract with Derby County in 1946. He left later that same year to sign for Bradford City, where he spent three seasons before moving to Grimsby Town.
After retiring as a player in 1951, Shearer became manager of Irish club Sligo Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="31008698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008698" title="Łódź Fabryczna railway station">
Łódź Fabryczna railway station

Łódź Fabryczna was a railway station that was built at the initiative of industrialist Karol Scheibler in 1865. According to the Polish classification of stations, it belonged to category B.
The station was located in the centre of Łódź, close to the city's central bus station. Trains frequently departed to Koluszki and thence to Warsaw, Kraków, Radom, Czestochowa, and Tomaszów Mazowiecki. It was closed on 16 October 2011.
History.
Construction of the Łódź - Koluszki railway line began on September 1, 1865 after authorization was obtained from Tsar Alexander II in July 1865. The new line linked Lódź with the Warsaw-Vienna Railway which was finished in 1848. Rails were laid simultaneously from Łódź and from Koluszki. By 18 November 1865 freight services began to use the line, and in June of the following year, passenger service began.
Construction of the railway was the beginning of the creation of Łódź Circle Line.
Initially, the station was situated further to the west on the site of the present "Łódzki Dom Kultury" (Łódź Cultural Centre). The track extended almost to ul. Sienkiewicza. In 1868, a new station building was built designed by the Warsaw-based architect Adolf Schimmelpfennig. The station was extended in 1930. In June 2012, the station was demolished in preparation for the construction of a new underground station.
Upgrading.
Plans for the modernization of the Łódź-Warsaw line involve building a new station underground, to the north of the site of the former Łódź Fabryczna station. A ramp, leading to a new tunnel, will begin immediately after Łódź Widzew station, and the tunnel itself will start close to the site of Łódź Niciarniana station. There were initial plans to change the name of the station to Łódź-Central or Central, but according to the latest plans, the station name will not change because it is too well associated with the current station.
The station was originally envisaged to service new high-speed trains, which were to run on a new high-speed line, the 'Y' line. This line was to connect Warsaw, via Łódź and Kalisz to Wrocław and Poznań. Last estimated as costing 10 billion Euro, the high-speed line has been put on hold by Sławomir Nowak, the Minister of Transport, Construction and Maritime Affairs.
Moving Łódź Fabryczna underground frees up development land close to the city centre. A modern transport hub is envisaged Railway - City transport - PKS Coach, as well as the extension of the railway line to Łódź Kaliska station, via a future cross-city double track tunnel.
In November 2010, PKP PLK announced a list of five consortia that have been invited by the railway infrastructure manager to submit a tender for the construction of the underground station. The completion of the project was targeted for 2014.
Currently (2013) the estimated cost of the project is given as ranging from 1.7 to 1.9 billion PLN and the completion date is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="31008700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008700" title="List of Down with Webster concert tours">
List of Down with Webster concert tours

This is a list of concert tours by Down with Webster.
Warped Tour 2009.
Down with Webster played in Warped Tour 2009 throughout July and August 2009.
Cheap Date Tour.
The band opened for Forever The Sickest Kids on select dates in the Cheap Date tour. Down with Webster opened for Forever The Sickest Kids on 9 of the dates across the United States from November 6 to November 15.
WINtour 2010.
WINtour 2010 was Down with Websters first headlining tour. The band played 17 shows in the United States and Canada. The tour became part of the Shock Value II Tour when the band opened for Timbaland on two dates while on tour.
Spring Tour 2010.
In Spring Tour 2010, Down with Webster supported Cute Is What We Aim For along with The Friday Night Boys and The Bigger Lights. They played 35 shows in the United States, beginning on May 11 and ending on June 19.
Streets of Gold Tour.
Down with Webster opened for 3OH!3 in October and November 2010 in the Streets of Gold Tour. The tour began on October 14 in San Antonio and ended on November 24 in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
WINtour 2011.
WINtour 2011 is a tour by Down with Webster to support their album, Time to Win, Vol. 2. It began on February 22 in Lethbridge and ended on March 12 in Toronto. Sweet Thing and 2AM Club are opening for DWW on this tour. 2AM Club replaced New Politics who were going to open but had a change of plans.
WINtour 2012.
WINtour 2012 is a tour by Down with Webster. The band will tour across Canada in January 2011 and February 2011. Canadian musical duo Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker (USS) and OCD will open for Down with Webster.
The Warm Up Tour.
The Warm Up Tour is a tour of the United States by Down with Webster. FreeSol was going to co-headline the tour but had to pull out due to scheduling issues.

</doc>
<doc id="31008706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008706" title="Wish 143">
Wish 143

Wish 143 is a British live action short film. The film's run time is approximately 24 minutes. It was written by Tom Bidwell, directed by Ian Barnes, and produced by Samantha Waite.
A terminally ill 15 year-old boy named David is granted a wish by a charitable foundation named the Dreamscape Charity. His request is not for a trip to Disney World or meeting a famous footballer; his wish is to lose his virginity before he dies.
Plot.
David, a 15 year-old living in the Cancer ward of a children’s hospital, is asked by Dreamscape Charity representative for his biggest dream. David states that he would like to lose his virginity before he dies. The shocked representative attempts to talk David into meeting a celebrity, but David insists that losing his virginity is all he wants.
This statement creates a minor media splash, much to the consternation of a Priest in the hospital. The Priest tries to convince him to have sex for love, while David insists “I don’t have time for love!”
David meets with his ex-girlfriend Amy. During the visit Amy tells him that although she thinks of him often, she’s dating someone else. She leaves a letter with him and leaves. David stuffs the unread letter into his pocket and sneaks out of the hospital. He goes to a red light district and attempts to solicit a prostitute. The woman he approaches tells him to use the money to “buy something nice for your mother.” An upset David picks up bricks and starts throwing them at cars until he is arrested. When the priest picks him at the police station he asks him why he did it. David responds “I wanted to see how low I could go.”
The priest finds the unopened letter from Amy and reads it. In it Amy states that, while she is flattered by the proposition of having David lose his virginity to her, she feels like she cannot do it. She continues by writing she hopes he gets better soon, and she’s sure that when he does she’ll find a nice girl who loves him. The Priest knows what Amy does not, the cancer is spreading and “getting better” is not a possibility.
Later that night the Priest wakes David up and takes him via motorcycle to see a prostitute. He tells her she is very nice and gently reminds him that he doesn’t have to do anything he doesn’t want to.
While inside David nervously talks to the girl. She asks him what he wants to do and he replies “I don’t know, what do you want to do?” The girl smiles and states she has never been asked that before. She takes off his shirt revealing several tubes and scars coming from his chest. David explains that various treatments that he’s had. She responds by showing him her own scar. She tells him he’s handsome and asks if anyone has told him that. David replies people tell him how sick he is. She touches his shoulder and asks him if anyone touches him. David replies he is only touched by doctors who are checking vital signs. David asks the girl to lie in bed and hold him “that’s all that I want.” David cries while she gently holds and comforts him.
The Dreamscape Charity representative returns and asks again if there are any wishes that David wants. A much more contented David says he doesn’t need anything. The representative smiles and tells a story about how the charity arranged for a kid to meet an entire sports team, but at the last minute the kid changed his mind and instead used the van to go on a fishing trip with his uncle. The representative wishes him luck and leaves. In the end, David realizes he has found the love of friendship with the Priest who has been helping him, and they spend a day together clay pigeon shooting.
Accolades.
"Wish 143" was nominated for the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film at the 83rd Academy Awards. 
"Wish 143" won Best Short Film UK Feature at London Independent Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31008709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008709" title="Bethel Manor, Virginia">
Bethel Manor, Virginia

Bethel Manor is a census-designated place (CDP) in York County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 3,792. Bethel Manor is a Military Family Community for Joint Base Langley-Eustis.

</doc>
<doc id="31008721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008721" title="Internationalist Workers Party (Fourth International)">
Internationalist Workers Party (Fourth International)

The Internationalist Workers Party (Fourth International) was a Trotskyist group in the United States. It was the American affiliate of the Morenoist International Workers League (Fourth International). It was unique in that it was the first American Trotskyist organization whose membership came principally from the Hispanic demographic.
The group began as the Revolutionary Workers Front-Frente Revolucionario de los Trabajadores in March 1980. The original core included two individual members of the International, exiled Sandinistas and people who had left the Socialist Workers Party. Others were recruited during the RWF-FRTs "general political work with independent workers". By 1982 the organization had 120 members in seven U.S. cities, fractions within ten unions and two newspapers, the Spanish "El Bolschevique" and the English "Working Class Opposition".
When the Morneoist international, International Workers League (Fourth International), was holding its world congress in early 1982 both the RWF-FRT and the Revolutionary Unity League, or Turnerites sent representatives. With the encouragement of the leadership of the International the two groups set up a "leadership team" to co-ordinate joint strikes, demonstrations and campaigns. The two groups also had discussions where their political differences were hammered out and eventually planned a unification convention. This convention met on June 26–27, 1982 and a new organization, the Internationalist Workers Party (Fourth International) was founded.
The unity convention elected a nine member central committee: Harry Turner, Leon Perez, Susana Fernandez, Roberto Cardenas, Loretta Sylvis, Carol Williams, Anna Gomez, Rolando Cordoba, Marc Elliott, and alternate member Fredrico De Leon. A control commission was also elected made up of Susana Fernandez, Numa Alvarez and Sonia Morales. At the central committees first meeting a political bureau was elected consisting of Turner, Perez and Gomez. Leon Perez was also named "national organizer".
The political resolution adopted at the founding conference charecrering the new organization as "an action oriented propaganda group" and favored the creation of a labor party, provided the IWP(FI) would be allowed to exist as an organized group within it and "transform it into a truly revolutionary party." In practice they worked within the Peace and Freedom Party and was able to win three PFP primaries in 1984: Sonia Cruz for state senator in Los Angeles; James Green for Congress in California's 24th congressional district; and John O'Brien for an assembly seat. In other elections it urged its members to vote, where possible for the SWP, Workers World Party, and Communist Party candidates in that order. 
The group worked to bring together the various Trotskyist groups in the Us under one hoster two Emergency National Trotskyist Conferences in 1983 and 1982. It was also in talks to merge with the Revolutionary Workers League. However, in July 1984 a sever factional crisis wracked the party with the eventual establishment of the International Socialist League (Fourth International) with Turner in the leadership. The IWP(FI) remained the official Morenoist affiliate in the United States, though the ISL(FI) remained a "sympathizing section". The ISL(FI) began publishing a newspaper, "Workers Organizer", in November 1985, stating it had branches in New York, Los Angeles, Minneapolis and Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="31008731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008731" title="Doshi, Baghlan">
Doshi, Baghlan

Doshi, دوشی - بغلان، افغانستان Dushi, or Dowshi district is located in the central part of Baghlan Province, Afghanistan. It lies on the major Kabul-Kunduz and Kabul-Mazar-e-Sharif highway. The population of the district was estimated to be around 57,160 in 2004.Hazaras [هزاره ها are around 60% of the population and make up the majority in the district, followed by 39% Tajiks [تاجیک] and a small minority of Pashtuns[پشتون The centre of the district is Dushi.
It's located at 35°36′31″N 68°41′9″E / 35.60861°N 68.68583°E / 35.60861; 68.68583Coordinates: 35°36′31″N 68°41′9″E / 35.60861°N 68.68583°E / 35.60861; 68.68583

</doc>
<doc id="31008752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008752" title="Kate Upton">
Kate Upton

Katherine Elizabeth "Kate" Upton (born June 10, 1992) is an American model and actress, known for her appearances in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue". Upton was named Rookie of the Year following her first SI appearance in 2011 and was the cover model for the 2012 and 2013 issues. She was also the subject of the 100th Anniversary "Vanity Fair" cover.
Early life.
Upton was born in St. Joseph, Michigan, and raised in Melbourne, Florida. She is the daughter of Shelley (née Davis), a former Texas state tennis champion, and Jeff Upton, a high school athletics director. Her uncle is U.S. Representative Fred Upton (R-MI). Upton's great-grandfather, Frederick Upton, was co-founder of appliance manufacturer and marketer Whirlpool Corporation.
Upton attended Holy Trinity Episcopal Academy. As a young equestrian, she showed at the American Paint Horse Association and competed at a national level. With her horse Roanie Pony, she won three APHA Reserve World Championships — 13 and Under Western Riding, 13 and Under Horsemanship, and 14–18 Western Riding. She was named the 13 and Under Reserve All-Around Champion, giving her a total of four reserve championships (2nd place). In addition, Upton ended up third overall on the APHA youth Top Twenty. With a second horse, Zipped, she won 14–18 Western Riding and was included in the top 5 in 14–18 Horsemanship and 14–18 Western Pleasure in 2009.
Career.
Upton attended a casting call in Miami for Elite Model Management in 2008 and was signed by them the same day, and she eventually moved to New York City, where she then signed with IMG Models.
Upton first modeled clothing for Garage and Dooney & Bourke. She was the 2010–11 face of Guess. In 2011, Upton appeared in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue". She was featured in the body paint section and named Rookie of the Year for that issue. She has since modeled for Beach Bunny Swimwear, and has appeared in "Complex" and "Esquire" as ""The" Woman of the Summer". Upton wore one of the Beach Bunny suits in the 2014 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue.
In April 2011, an Internet video of her doing the dougie hip-hop dance at a Los Angeles Clippers game went viral and served to increase her popularity. Guy Trebay of "The New York Times" observed that this served to illustrate the power of social media to bestow stardom upon a model, which had previously been the domain of top designer runway shows. In April 2012, Upton appeared in a video of herself performing the Cat Daddy dance to the song of the same name by The Rej3ctz, which also went viral.
Upton made an appearance in a June 2011 episode of "Tosh.0" and participated in the 2011 Taco Bell All-Star Legends & Celebrity Softball Game at Chase Field in Phoenix, Arizona, in July 2011.
Upton's acting debut was in the film, "Tower Heist", as Mr. Hightower’s Mistress. It was released in November 2011. She also appeared in "The Three Stooges" as Sister Bernice.
Upton appeared on the cover of the 2012 "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", released in February 2012. As of that month, her Twitter account had a following of 170,000 people. Upton has also recounted the negative aftereffects of the 2012 "Sports Illustrated" cover, saying, "I felt terrible about myself for a solid month. Every single guy I met was either married or about to be married, and I felt like I was their bachelor present or something."
Upton has appeared on the covers of "Vogue Italia", "British Vogue", "CR Fashion Book", "Cosmopolitan", French "ELLE", "GQ", Italian "GQ", German "GQ", "Jalouse", "Sunday Times Style", "Esquire", "The Daily", and "Muse" Magazine.
In 2012, she was ranked the fifth sexiest model by MODELS's. She ranked #3 on the American publication of AskMen's "Top 99 Women" for 2013. In 2012, she was listed on "Maxim"s HOT 100 list, citing her photo shoots with "Sports Illustrated".
Upton was the cover model for the 2013 "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" for the second consecutive year. Parts of her 2013 "Sports Illustrated" pictorial were filmed in Antarctica and Upton suffered from failing hearing and eyesight due to the extreme cold.
After getting the November 2012 "Vogue Italia" cover photographed by Steven Meisel and the January 2013 "Vogue UK" cover, Upton landed the June 2013 "Vogue" cover by Mario Testino. She was then photographed by Annie Leibovitz for the October 2013 100th anniversary cover of "Vanity Fair".
In September 2013, Upton was named "Model of the Year" at the 10th annual Style Awards at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York.
Upton appeared on the flip-side cover of the 2014 50th anniversary "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", the first time that type of cover was used by that magazine. Part of her shoot took place at Cape Canaveral, capturing her in zero gravity.
In April 2014, she appeared with Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau in the comedy "The Other Woman" as Amber, one of Coster-Waldau character's mistresses.
Personal life.
Upton has expressed that her belief in God is important to her. During a photo shoot, someone joked about a cross necklace she wore, "Why are you wearing a cross? Like you would be religious," then took the necklace from her to do the shoot. Upton stated about the incident: "I was really affected by that. The whole thing made me realize that I do want a cross with me, at all times." As a result, Upton had a cross tattooed on the inside of her finger.

</doc>
<doc id="31008770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008770" title="Initialized sign">
Initialized sign

In sign language, an initialized sign is a word that is signed with a handshape that corresponds to the fingerspelling of the corresponding word in the locally dominant oral language, usually the initial letter of that word. In some cases, this is due to the local oral language having more than one equivalent to a basic sign. For example, in ASL, the signs for "class" and "family" are the same (a basic sign for 'group of people'), except that "class" is signed with a 'C' handshape, and "family" with an 'F' handshape. In other cases initialization is required for disambiguation, though the signs are not semantically related. For example, in ASL, "water" it signed with a 'W' handshape touching the mouth, while "dentist" is similar apart from using a 'D' handshape. In other cases initialization is not used for disambiguation; the ASL sign for "elevator", for example, is an 'E' handshape moving up and down along the upright index finger of the other hand. 
Sign languages make use of initialized signs to different degrees. Some, such as Taiwanese Sign Language and Hong Kong Sign Language have none at all, as they have no manual alphabets and thus no fingerspelling. In ASL, initialized signs are typically considered "hearing" signs, used in schools to help students acquire English, though some such as "water" above are thoroughly assimilated. In Mexican Sign Language, however, initialized signs are much more numerous, and are more fully integrated into the language (Faurot "et al." 1992). This is also the case with Nepali Sign Language, and are perhaps one of the most noticeable structural differences between the lexicon of Nepali Sign Language and that of neighboring Indo-Pakistani Sign Language, which (perhaps in part due to its two-handed manual alphabet) has significantly far fewer initialized signs, but a fair number of "sequential initializations (i.e. compound signs composed of the initial letter of the word either preceding or following a sign, e.g. "C" + BOSS = CAPTAIN in IPSL) (Morgan 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="31008786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008786" title="Jagat Manikya">
Jagat Manikya

Jagat Manikya, pre-reign name Jogotroy, was the Bengali-backed ruler Roshanabad, which had been until then part of the Kingdom of Tripura from 1732.
In that year Jogotroy decided that he wanted to be the ruler instead of his relative Dharma Manikya. He went to Bengal and recruited to sub-agents of the Newab of Bengal Shuja-ud-Din Muhammad Khan to aid him in his plans. These were Mir Habid, Dewan of Newabat, and Aqua Sadique, Zamindar of Baladakhan. They lead an armed force in attack on Udaipur. In a battle as they approached the city Kamal Narayana, the principal leader of Dharma Manikya's forces was killed and Dharma Manikya and his supporters fled into the Tripura Hill Country. Jogotroy then assumed the reign name of Jagat Manikya and was able to impose his rule as a vassal of the Nawab of Bengal over much of modern Sylhet, Mymensing and Noakhali. He ruled out of Comilla.

</doc>
<doc id="31008790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008790" title="Mario Aravena">
Mario Aravena

Mario Antonio Aravena Bonilla (born 31 January 1985) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División side Universidad de Concepción as an Attacking midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31008803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008803" title="EdtFTPnet">
EdtFTPnet

edtFTPnet is an open source FTP client library for Windows licensed under the LGPL. It was first released in 2003, and was ported from edtFTPj. It is supplied as a DLL and can be incorporated into Windows applications that require FTP functionality. 
edtFTPnet has also been successfully tested for use on Mono, and so can be used on Unix platforms that support Mono.

</doc>
<doc id="31008821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008821" title="Conveyor belt furnace">
Conveyor belt furnace

A conveyor belt furnace is a furnace uses a conveyor or belt to carry process parts or material through the primary heating chamber for rapid thermal processing. It is designed for fast drying and curing of products and is nowadays widely used in the firing process of thick film and metallization process of solar cell manufacturing. Other names for conveyor belt furnace include metallization furnace, belt furnace, atmosphere furnace, infrared furnace and fast fire furnace, to just list a few.
Normally a conveyor furnace adopts tunnel structure and is composed of multiple controlled zones which include,
but not limited to, preheating zone, binder burn out zone, heating zone, firing zone and cooling zone. A conveyor furnace also features fast thermal responses, uniform and stable temperature distribution; it can heat treated parts to 1050 deg. C. (may vary for different model). Belt speed of a conveyor furnace can be up to 6000mm/min. Products are heated efficiently by infrared radiation (it can also be ceramic heaters or IR lamps) and are dried and fired after passing through the controlled zones, followed by rapid cooling.
Process Applications.
Thick Film Processing.
After a paste is screened onto a substrate and it settles for 5–15 minutes at room temperature, it undergoes oven drying at 100-150 °C for 10–15 minutes to remove solvents. Firing is then completed in conveyor belt furnaces at temperatures between 500-1000 °C.
Crystalline Silicon Solar Cell Manufacturing.
Electrical contacts are usually formed by screen printing. The firing is done in conveyor belt furnaces at a temperature of about 700 °C for a few minutes. Upon firing, the organic solvents evaporate and the metal powder becomes a conducting path for the electrical current.
Thin Film Solar Cells Manufacturing.
A transparent conducting glass, coated with doped SnO2 or ITO film, is used as a substrate. A thin film, such as CdS, is then deposited through CSS or CBD techniques. The CdS film is heat treated by a conveyor belt furnace in a reducing atmosphere or in the presence of CdCl2 at 400-500 °C.
Dye Sensitized Solar Cells (DSSC) Manufacturing.
TiO2 nanoparticles have been used extensively to increase the interfacial surface area in Dye Sensitized Solar Cells. Nanoparticle films are generally made by screen printing a paste of titania nanocrystals and then sintering the particles together at 450-500 °C in a conveyor belt furnace.

</doc>
<doc id="31008835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008835" title="First Battle of Benghazi">
First Battle of Benghazi

The First Battle of Benghazi occurred as part of the Libyan civil war between army units and militiamen loyal to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi and anti-Gaddafi forces in February 2011. The battle mainly took place in Benghazi, the second-largest city in Libya, with related clashes occurring in the nearby Cyrenaican cities of Bayda and Derna. In Benghazi itself most of the fighting occurred during a siege of the government-controlled Katiba compound.
Beginning.
The fighting in Benghazi started on 17 February, after two days of protests in the city. Security forces opened fire on protesters, killing 14. The next day, a funeral procession for one of those killed passed the Katiba compound. Accounts differ on whether mourners began throwing stones first or the soldiers from Katiba opened fire without provocation. In the end, another 24 people from the opposition protesters were killed. Following the massacre, two policemen, who were accused of shooting the protestors, were hanged by the opposition. Police and army personnel later withdrew from the city after being overwhelmed by protesters. Some army personnel joined the protesters and helped them seize the local state-controlled radio station. In Bayda, unconfirmed reports indicated that local police and riot control units joined the protesters. Two days earlier, on 16 February, it was also reported that Islamist gunmen, with the help of a defecting army colonel, stormed an arms depot in Derna and seized 250 weapons and an assortment of 70 military vehicles. During the raid four soldiers were killed and 16 were wounded. By the end of 18 February, the only place that still housed a significant number of Gaddafi loyalists in Benghazi was the Katiba compound.
On 19 February, another funeral procession passed the Katiba compound en route to the cemetery in an act of defiance and were again fired upon by Gaddafi loyalists in the compound. By this time, some 325 mercenaries from southern Africa were flown into Benghazi and other towns in the east to help restore order. During 18 and 19 February, there were major retaliatory attacks by the opposition forces against the mercenaries. 50 of them were executed by the protesters in Bayda. Some died when protestors burned down the police station in which they were locked up and 15 were lynched in front of the courthouse in Bayda.
Following the second attack on a funeral, opposition forces commandeered bulldozers and tried to breach the walls of the Katiba compound, often retreating under heavy fire. As the fighting continued, a mob attacked a local army base on the outskirts of Benghazi and forced the soldiers to give up their weapons, including three small tanks. Opposition members then rammed these tanks into the Katiba compound's walls. Days later, the burnt-out hulks of the armored vehicles could still be seen, stuck halfway into the breaches they had made.
End.
The fighting stopped on the morning of 20 February. Another 30 people were killed during the previous 24 hours of fighting. A third funeral procession passed the Katiba compound. Under the cover of the funeral, a suicide car-bomber attacked the compound's gates, blowing them up. Opposition fighters resumed their assault on the base, this time with reinforcements from Bayda and Derna. During the final attack on the compound, 42 people were killed. The gate was blown open by a Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo, a 48 year old man, who had fashioned two gas canisters into the boot of his car, and drove into the main gate. The compound was taken by opposition forces hours later. In the afternoon, Libyan Interior Minister Abdul Fatah Younis showed up with a special forces squad called the "Thunderbolt" to relieve the besieged barracks. Troops from his unit, based on the outskirts of town, arrived at the opposite side of the Katiba compound armed with machine guns and driving trucks mounted with anti-aircraft guns. Two tanks under Younis's command followed. However, Younis defected to the opposition and granted safe passage to Gaddafi's loyalists out of the city. Gaddafi's troops evacuated, but not before killing soldiers who refused to open fire on the opposition. Some 130 rebel soldiers were killed in Benghazi and Bayda.
Casualties.
110-257 opposition members were killed in Benghazi. In addition, another 63 opposition members were killed in Bayda and 29 in Derna. Also, 130 rebelling soldiers were reported to have been executed by government forces. Between 332-479 members of the opposition forces died during the fighting in Benghazi, Bayda and Derna. Another 1,932 were wounded. 111 soldiers loyal to Gaddafi were also killed. Of the 325 mercenaries sent to the east to quell the uprising's initial phase, it was reported that 50 were captured and executed by the opposition, and at least 236 were captured alive. The fate of the others was unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="31008844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008844" title="Ferbent Shehu">
Ferbent Shehu

Ferbent Shehu (January 10, 1933 – February 8, 2011) was an Albanian dancer and choreographer. He was born in the small southern Albanian town of Berat to a wealthy family. When the Communist regime came to power, part of his family was persecuted and their proprieties were taken by the state. He first started his career in Dance in 1949 when the Berat's Boys and Girls Dancing group was first found. In 1957 he also started working as a professional choreographer and dancer. His long career was the scene of many professional achievements in national competitions and he won several trophies. In 2006 his group of dancers competed in Florence, Italy and came before groups from many other countries such as Spain, Austria, Germany, France...etc. 
He was the third of four brothers, was married and had a son. 
On February 8, 2011, Ferbent died nearly a month after his 78th birthday after suffering a heart attack the day before.

</doc>
<doc id="31008854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008854" title="Armenian parliamentary election, 1990">
Armenian parliamentary election, 1990

Parliamentary elections were held in Armenia on 20 May 1990, although further rounds were held on 3 June and 15 July due to low turnouts invalidating earlier results and by 21 July 64 seats were still unfilled, with 16 still unfilled in February the following year. The result was a victory for the Communist Party of Armenia, which won 136 of the 259 seats. The remaining candidates were all officially independents, but almost all were members of the Pan-Armenian National Movement. Overall voter turnout was 60.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="31008921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008921" title="Liverpool Parks Police">
Liverpool Parks Police

Liverpool Parks Police was a police force maintained by the Corporation of Liverpool to police the parks and open spaces owned by the City. The first record of "park constables" in Liverpool is from 1832, although members of the force were not sworn in as constables in their own right until 1882. The force was disbanded in 1972.
History.
19th century.
The first police in Liverpool were appointed under the Liverpool Port and Town Improvement Act 1811 as "Dock Police Constables". However, the first reference to park constables is from 1832, during the Cholera Riots. On 29 May, the Liverpool Chronicle reported that:
On 29 February 1836, the "Liverpool Town Borough Police" came into being, having been formed under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835. Liverpool Corporation merged the Corporation Constabulary, Dock Police and the Town Watch into the new police force, though the Park and Market Constables appear to have survived with an independent existence under the control of the town council.
Newsham Park was opened in 1847, at which point "Gentleman Park Keepers" patrolled the parks. Their uniform consisted of a frock coat, velveteen trousers and gaiters, and a stovepipe hat, with a metal band bearing the words "Park Keeper".
In 1855, the Borough Town Council enquired into who was responsible for policing the town's parks. The view of the Head Constable of the Town Police, Captain John Greig, and that of the Watch Committee, was that the Liverpool Improvements Committee was responsible for the maintenance of law and order, and the Town Borough Police did not patrol the parks, only responding to incidents reported by members of the public. The Council therefore decided to employ "Park Keepers" for the parks. In 1855, the Liverpool Improvement Act was passed and in 1856 four "Liverpool Park Keepers" were appointed as such. The Park Keepers initially wore civilian clothing, though black stovepipe hats were issued shortly after, with a blue band with the words "Park Keeper" in red letters, and a full uniform was issued in the contemporary style.
Section 52 of the Liverpool Improvement and Waterworks Act 1871 gave the Improvements Committee the power to appoint regular Park Keepers and to make park bye-laws for the parks and recreation grounds under their control. Section 113 of the Act also permitted the Committee to bring prosecutions for breaches of the by-laws. However, the Keepers themselves were not then attested as constables, and did not have police powers, and complaints from members of the public caused the Committee to approach the Head Constable of the Liverpool Police and request he appoint all the Liverpool Park Keepers as special constables. He agreed, and the existing Park Keepers were attested as specials that year. A new uniform, similar to the standard contemporary police uniform, was introduced, with a custodian helmet. The new helmet had a helmet plate similar in design to that off the Town Police, but with the words "Park Keeper" for "Liverpool Police".
In 1882, the Liverpool Improvement Act gave the power for the Corporation's Improvements Committee to appoint the Park Keepers as constables in their own right, without having to rely on the Liverpool Watch Committee as previously. The Keepers were renamed "Park Constables", and the helmet plate was re-issued with the words "Park Constable". Their powers and privileges as constables extended to all parks under the control of the City Council (including those outside the new boundary of the City), and in the next year, the Park Constables were issued with batons and handcuffs.
In 1891, the strength stood at 1 Inspector, 4 Sergeants and 60 Constables, with salaries from 26 to 30 shillings per week.
20th century.
First half of the century.
On 15 April 1919, the Head Constable of the City Police, Francis Caldwall, wrote to the Under Secretary of State at the Home Office, saying:
His letter suggested that the City Police should take over responsibility for policing the parks, but on 15 May the Home Office replied that they considered that "the responsibility of maintenance of order within a public park" rested with the "authority on whom the management of the park is entrusted", which in Liverpool was the Parks and Gardens Committee of the City Council. The Headquarters of the Parks Police were located in Newsham Park in 1920, and each park came under the control of an individual Parks Superintendent, with overall responsibility held by Liverpool Corporation Parks Chief Superintendent.
In 1921, the Liverpool Corporation Act was passed, in which section 221 re-enacted the 1882 Act by permitting the appointment of "park constables" for the parks. The park police service was extended to all of the recreation grounds and cemeteries of the city, and foot and bicycle patrols were present in the city.
The establishment in 1935 was 4 sergeants and 54 constables, and although no record is made of training, it appears that some training did occur at the City Police training school in Everton Terrace, Liverpool.
By 1942, the force was reduced to just 4 sergeants and 33 constables. In addition, the gates and railings had been removed as part of the war effort, and the Parks Committee had to ask the Watch Committee (responsible for the City Police) for assistance from the City Police for policing the parks. By 1945 the situation had deteriorated further, with just 3 sergeants and 23 constables – under half the strength of 1935.
1947-1972.
In 1947 the City Council decided to re-structure the force, as a result of which manning levels would be increased substantially, and in 1948 Inspector Charles Dean Gibson of Liverpool City Police was seconded to oversee the efforts. The force adopted new selection criteria based on that of the City Police: 5’8” minimum height, under 35 years of age, of "unquestionable character" and both education and fitness tests were introduced. The uniform was also updated, and a helmet in the style of the Metropolitan Police style was brought in. 350 people applied for positions, and on 5 May 1948 30 successful applicants began their Police Induction Training, undertaken by the City Police at the Park Police headquarters, then located in the Mansion House at Calderstones Park. The 30 new constables were posted to their divisional areas in late June, and the existing constables then underwent re-training.
The structure of the force consisted of five areas, covering over 115 parks and cemeteries which comprised throughout the city. The larger parks (Sefton, Stanley, and Newsham Parks) had their own police offices, from which constables were deployed to the smaller parks. Following the reorganisation of 1948, the strength in 1949 stood at 1 inspector, 5 sergeants and 70 constables.
In October 1954, Inspector Gibson (who had until then been seconded) retired from the City Police and was as appointed as member of the Park Police on 15 October. He was sworn in again as a park constable and then appointed "Head Constable" of the Parks Police at the rank of Chief Inspector. A single Police Chief Officer’s cap badge was commissioned by him from a uniform manufacturer in Birmingham. He retired in April 1956, but shortly afterwards was killed when stuck by a vehicle while crossing a road in Liverpool. He was replaced by Inspector John Buchanan, who had joined during the 1948 reorganisation, and had been promoted to Sergeant in 1951. He had been a member of the Royal Air Force Police as part of his war service, held a law degree and prepared and carried out prosecutions for the force. 
A new uniform was issued in 1957, consisting of open collar tunics with blue shirts and black ties, as was now worn by most other police forces in the UK. The custodian helmet was changed from a "ball top" to a "rose" design, and two Vespa scooters were introduced, rising to 12 by 1963. In 1963, officers were issued with a new cap badge similar to that issued to members of the Liverpool Airport Police in 1961.
In 1965, the Park Police introduced police dogs, with a total of three by December 1965. The dogs and their handlers were trained at the City Police Training Centre at Mather Avenue in Liverpool, alongside members of the City Police dog section. The course lasted 6 weeks, and officers were then deployed for 1 day every fortnight on Home Office-approved continuation training. The number increased to six in 1966, and handlers from the three police forces - the City, Airport and Parks Police - often patrolled together.
In 1967, 5 green-coloured Austin Mini Vans were introduced, with illuminating "POLICE" roof signs, and were later re-painted blue. They were fitted with "Pye" radio systems. At the same time, personal radios were issued to Sergeants and those constables on isolated patrol duties, with a 60-foot mast erected at the Control Room in the Police Office at Calderstones Park, which gave radio cover to all parts of the city.
The rise of football hooliganism in the late 1960s and 1970s put great strain on the Parks Police. They had been responsible for policing Stanley Park, the main thoroughfare between Goodison Park (the home of Everton F.C.) and Anfield (the home of Liverpool F.C.) ever since their creation, but increasingly organised violence put greater pressure on both the Parks and City Police on matchdays, when up to 30,000 fans could use the park.
By the late 1970s, John Buchanan had been promoted to Superintendent and had taken on joint responsibility for both the Parks Police and the Airport Police. However, the Park Police were coming under pressure and their future role within the organisation of the City Council was unclear. Police re-organisations in both 1964 (came into force in 1967) and 1972 (in force in 1974) saw the City Police merged; first with Bootle Borough Police to create Liverpool and Bootle Constabulary, and then with parts of Lancashire Constabulary and Cheshire Constabulary to form Merseyside Police. The rise of international terrorism, by organisations such as the Irish Republican Army, and the commencement of bombings in mainland Britain, also caused airports nationwide to reconsider their policing arrangements.
A working party from the then-Department of Environment, accompanied by a senior officer from the Metropolitan Police, visited the park in 1972 as part of a report which lead to the founding of the Royal Parks Constabulary in London in 1974.
Disbandment.
In 1972, both the Parks Police and Airport Police were merged into a new "Liverpool City Council Security Force". The two police forces served their last day on duty on 31 March 1972, and the Security Force commenced operations the next day. The records of the Parks Police were destroyed as part of the merger.

</doc>
<doc id="31008922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008922" title="Curtain Call at Cactus Creek">
Curtain Call at Cactus Creek

Curtain Call at Cactus Creek is a 1950 American film starring Donald O'Connor and Gale Storm. In the story, a traveling entertainer (O'Connor) gets mixed up with bank robbers.

</doc>
<doc id="31008928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008928" title="2009 I-League 2nd Division">
2009 I-League 2nd Division

The 2009 I-League 2nd Division season ran from Feb 2009 to April 19, 2009. Initially 15 teams were divided in three groups of five teams and then the top two teams in each group were advanced to final round of qualification. 
Four teams were promoted to I-league 2010 season. Promoted teams include Pune FC, Lajong SSC, Viva Kerala and Salgaocar.

</doc>
<doc id="31008944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008944" title="Ramsés Bustos">
Ramsés Bustos

Ramsés Maximiliano Bustos Guerrero (born 13 October 1991) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Unión Española as a Striker. Buriram United terminated his contract due to disciplinary reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31008980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008980" title="Sisters of the Faithful Virgin">
Sisters of the Faithful Virgin

The Congregation of Our Lady of Fidelity is a Roman-Catholic female congregation founded in 1831 a La Délivrande (Normandy) by Henriette le Forestier d'Osseville and having for its primary object the sheltering and education of orphan girls.
In 1848 the sisters established an orphanage and school in Upper Norwood, the first catholic orphanage in England.

</doc>
<doc id="31008991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008991" title="Prairie Seeds Academy">
Prairie Seeds Academy

Prairie Seeds Academy is a charter school located in Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, a northwest suburb of Minneapolis. PSA, as it is informally referred to, is in candidacy to become an IB World School, and is a member of the National Honor Society (NHS). PSA offers a rigorous educational program focusing on core content areas and standards mandated by the state of Minnesota in reading, writing, mathematics, science, and social studies, a heritage (native) language and culture, a multicultural arts, crafts, and music, and a responsive classroom/social curriculum, as well its renowned Soccer and Basketball athletic program. PSA is home to more than 800+ students.
PSA students and Alumni are referred to as Lycans, after the school's mascot.
School history.
Prairie Seeds Academy was established in 2004 located in North Minneapolis. The Academy was found by Cha-Ger Yang, Choua Yang and other teachers in the Minneapolis. The Academy was created to focusing on Hmong Literacy and Culture. In its first year PSA held classes for kindergarten through 5th grade, two classes per grade level serving about 108 to 120 students. The Academy was approved by Minnesota Department of Education to added one grade level to its Academy until a K-8th school. In 2006-2007 of their third years of operations, the Academy out grew its North Minneapolis facility with over 400 students and was relocated to the City of Brooklyn Park. On February 14, 2008 Prairie Seeds Academy request for grade expansion to the Minnesota Department of Education for a high school. The Academy's grade expansion was approved on July 23, 2008 and to began its high school classes for the 2008-2009 school year. Again the high school is to added two classes per grade level until fully K-12th. In June of 2010 the Academy graduated its first graduating class of 55 students. Our first graduating class athlete worth mentioning went to division one soccer Northern Illinois University with full scholarship. Others academic students also received full or partial scholarships to colleges and universities across the country.
PSA Athletics & Activities.
Boys' soccer.
Section and state record.
Prairie Seeds Academy entered into the Minnesota State High School League (MSHSL) in 2009 with two sports, soccer and basketball for boys and girls. The Boys' junior varsity soccer team went all the way to the Class A Section 5 quarter-final in 2009, losing out to Fridley High School 1-2. 
In 2010, the Boys' varsity soccer team won Section 5A, in a rematch of the previous years quarter-final against Fridley, this time winning comfortably 4-0. They went on to the State Tournament, and won their first State Title in a thrilling 3-2 victory over Mankato East. They finished the season 21-0-1.
In the 2011 season, the Boys' varsity soccer team repeated a section triumph, beating Totino-Grace 6-0 in the final. Although they made it all the way to the final, they suffered a shock 1-3 defeat at the hands of Benilde-St. Margaret's; their first defeat in program history. They finished the season 19-1-2.
The 2012 season brought another Section 5A final match-up between PSA and Totino-Grace, and the Lycans' pulled out a last minute winner, with the score ending up 2-1. The match ended in a brawl, and in further investigation, the Boys' soccer team was disqualified from the State Tournament. They finished the season 15-0.
In 2013, the Lycans' were brought up to Class AA, in order to play at a higher level of competition. Although they were underdogs according to the seeding (ranked #6 out of 8 teams), they won the section, beating Maple Grove 2-0 in the final, retaining an undefeated record into the State Tournament. However, the Lycans' season ended unexpectedly early against North St. Paul in a 1-2 loss. They finished the season 15-1.
The girls soccer team is not making headline yet, but hopefully in a few years. We are still proud of our girls and the team's progress. 
In 2012 PSA expanded its' athletic programs to include boys and girls track and field, boys and girls cross country, boys and girls cheerleaders, and girls volleyball.
Boys' Basketball.
Section and state record.
The boys basketball team had a great season and winning the section 4A championship. To win a section is not an easy climbed and we are proud to be section and state participant this 2012 school year. The Lady Lycans basketball team also had a wonderful season with a section 4A 2nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="31008992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008992" title="2010–11 ASO Chlef season">
2010–11 ASO Chlef season

The 2010–11 season was ASO Chlef's 20th season in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2010–11 squad.
"As of November 16, 2010:"

</doc>
<doc id="31008997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31008997" title="EdtFTPj">
EdtFTPj

edtFTPj is an open source FTP client library for use in Java applications licensed under the LGPL. It was first released in 2000, and was originally known as the "Java FTP Client Library". It is supplied as a JAR file and can be used in any Java application that requires FTP functionality. 
edtFTPj provides FTP capabilities for popular software packages such as Jalbum and Cyberduck. 

</doc>
<doc id="31009049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009049" title="Bayview, Prince Edward Island">
Bayview, Prince Edward Island

Bayview is a community in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island. It lies between Cavendish, Prince Edward Island and Kensington, Prince Edward Island.

</doc>
<doc id="31009054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009054" title="United States Senate election in Florida, 1980">
United States Senate election in Florida, 1980

The 1980 United States Senate election in Florida took place on November 4, 1980 alongside other elections for President of the United States as well as to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Richard Stone decided to run for re-election to a second term, but was defeated in the Democratic primary election by Bill Gunter. Republican Paula Hawkins won the open seat.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
Stone, a Freshman Senator, had a reputation for changing his mind. In 1980, the AFL-CIO actively campaigned against him, and Stone was deemed vulnerable in his re-election bid. Six Democrats entered the race for Stone's seat including his 1974 runoff opponent Bill Gunter who was Florida State Treasurer/Insurance Commissioner in 1980. As was the case in 1974, Stone and Gunter were forced into a runoff but, unlike 1974, Gunter won the nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="31009062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009062" title="Cathedral, Colorado">
Cathedral, Colorado

Cathedral is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hinsdale County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 14.

</doc>
<doc id="31009073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009073" title="The Secret Is Love">
The Secret Is Love

"The Secret Is Love" is the Austrian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, sung in English by Nadine Beiler. On February 25 she won the Austrian preselection on ORF and Ö3. It is the first single released from her second studio album "I've Got a Voice". The single peaked at number 9 on the Austria Singles Chart.
Chart performance.
On 11 March 2011 "The Secret Is Love" entered Austria Singles Chart at number 9, the next week to dropped 37 places to number 46. On 27 May 2011, the single rose to number 9

</doc>
<doc id="31009078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009078" title="Piedra, Colorado">
Piedra, Colorado

Piedra is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hinsdale County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 28.

</doc>
<doc id="31009082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009082" title="Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm">
Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm

Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm is a proposed offshore wind farm to be located 32 km north of Cromer off the coast of Norfolk, in the North Sea, England. It is being developed by Dudgeon Offshore Wind Limited (DOW), a subsidiary Statoil and Statkraft The site is a relatively flat area of seabed between the Cromer Knoll and Inner Cromer Knoll sandbanks and is one of the furthest offshore sites currently being developed around the UK. 
The project includes constructing the wind turbines and their foundations, building offshore substations, installing power cables both undersea and onshore, as well as connection to the UK National Grid. This work is estimated to take about 2 years and cost in the region of £1.1bn.
Planning.
The project was originally developed by Warwick Energy Limited, who set up a subsidiary called Dudgeon Offshore Wind Limited. The wind farm planning application was filed in April 2009. The application was for between 56 and 168 turbines depending on final chosen design with a nameplate capacity of 560 MW. 
In July 2012 the government gave planning approval for Warwick Energy to construct a wind farm to the capacity of 560MW. In October 2012 Statoil and Statkraft acquired the Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm project through the acquisition of all shares from Warwick Energy. Statoil holds a 70% share and Statkraft a 30% share in Dudgeon Offshore Wind Limited. A review of the project was undertaken after the project was acquired by Statoil and Statkraft, and in December 2013 it was announced that the capacity of the wind farm would be reduced from 560MW to around 400MW.
In January 2014 it was announced that two contracts had been awarded to Siemens for the engineering, supply, assembly, commissioning and service of 67 6MW wind turbines for the project. The construction of the wind farm is subject to a final investment decision by the developers in the third quarter of 2014. It is expected that the first turbines will be installed in January 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="31009084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009084" title="Sherlock Holmes (1965 TV series)">
Sherlock Holmes (1965 TV series)

Sherlock Holmes (alternatively "Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes") is a series of Sherlock Holmes adaptations produced by British television company BBC between 1965 and 1968. This was the second screen adaption of Sherlock Holmes for BBC Television.
Production.
In 1964, the BBC secured rights to adapt any five Sherlock Holmes stories with an option for a further eight from the Doyle estate. A handful of Doyle's stories were excluded from the deal: "The Hound of the Baskervilles" because Hammer Films' rights would not expire until 1965 following their 1959 film adaptation, and "A Scandal in Bohemia", "The Final Problem" and "The Adventure of the Empty House" which had been secured by producers of the Broadway musical "Baker Street".
In 1964, an adaptation of "The Adventure of the Speckled Band" was commissioned as a pilot for a twelve part series of Sherlock Holmes stories. Giles Cooper penned the adaptation and Douglas Wilmer was cast as Holmes and Nigel Stock as Watson, with Felix Felton as Dr. Grimesby Roylott.
The hour-long pilot was aired as an episode of "Detective" on 18 May and was popular enough to re-air on 25 September. Wilmer and Stock were secured for a twelve part black-and-white series to air the following year.
Wilmer was a lifelong fan of Doyle's stories and looked forward to portraying the legendary sleuth.
Wilmer later stated that the series was riddled with incompetence and the scripts often came in late. He claimed that the scriptwriters ranged from "the brilliant to the absolutely deplorable." Some of the scripts were so lacking in quality that Wilmer himself rewrote them sometimes staying up until two o'clock in the morning rewriting.
With the popularity of the series, the BBC inquired about Wilmer's availability for another series. Wilmer turned down the opportunity after discovering the plan to reduce the number of rehearsal days. In 1973, Wilmer played author Jacques Futrelle's Holmesian detective Professor Van Dusen in "The Rivals of Sherlock Holmes" for ITV. In 1975 he once again appeared as Holmes (albeit in a supporting role) in Gene Wilder's "The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother", with Thorley Walters as Dr. Watson.
The BBC searched for a new actor to play Holmes. The first person BBC television drama chief Andrew Osborn suggested was John Neville. Neville had previously assayed the role in 1965's "A Study in Terror" and Nigel Stock felt the film was quite good. Neville had prior commitments to the Nottingham Playhouse and was unable to appear in a series at the time.
Next, Osborn looked at Eric Porter. While Porter ultimately did not get the role, he did portray Professor Moriarty opposite Jeremy Brett's Holmes in Granada Television's "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes".
Finally, Peter Cushing was approached to take over the role of Sherlock Holmes for the 1968 series. Having already played Holmes in the 1959 Hammer films adaptation of "The Hound of the Baskervilles", Cushing was eager to play the role again. Like Wilmer, Cushing was an avid fan of Doyle and looked forward to portraying the detective correctly.
Cushing's series featured a two-part version of "The Hound of the Baskervilles" giving Cushing another go round at the tale. This version was the first actually filmed on Dartmoor.
Unlike the Wilmer series, this one would be produced in full color. Though the series was in color, there were economic cut-backs which required production to abandon plains for celebrity villains such as Peter Ustinov, George Sanders, and Orson Welles.
However, as filming commenced Cushing found himself facing production difficulties the likes of which had prompted Wilmer to forgo another round.
Wilmer later asked Cushing how he had enjoyed making the series:
Filming time was cut back. Cushing stated that the hectic schedule affected his performance.
The Cushing series was still a success and the BBC's Andrew Osborn was interested in making a third series. Had this third series commenced, the plan was to dramatise stories from "The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes", a short story collection written by Adrian Conan Doyle and John Dickson Carr. This potential third series never came to pass.
Reception.
The initial 1965 series was popular with over 11 million viewers per episode. The 1968 series was even more popular upwards of 15.5 million viewers and one episode topping the top 20 programs chart.
Reviewing the series for "DVD Talk", Stuart Galbraith IV wrote, "To my surprise I generally preferred the Wilmer episodes to those starring Peter Cushing, even though I consider myself more a fan of Cushing while I merely admire Wilmer as an excellent actor. ... This series may seem downright prehistoric to some, but I found it to be surprisingly atmospheric, intelligent, and engaging, and Wilmer and Stock make a fine Holmes and Watson, in the top 25% certainly."
Galbraith further said of the Cushing episodes, "The 1968 Sherlock Holmes television series isn't really up to the level of the best film and TV adaptations, but it's still fun to see cult character actor Peter Cushing sink his teeth into the role again, and the adaptations themselves are respectable, just not distinctive."
Home video releases.
In 1996 BBC Video released a single VHS cassette in the UK, containing "The Speckled Band" and "The Illustrious Client".
In 2002 BBC Learning released "The Hound of the Baskervilles" on DVD, for sale by direct mail order in the UK only. The episodes was re-released by BBC Video for retail Region 2 sale in 2004, along with two further discs containing "A Study in Scarlet" and "The Boscombe Valley Mystery", and "The Sign of Four" and "The Blue Carbuncle" respectively. The Region 1 release of these issues as a single box-set followed on 15 December 2009. These six episodes are the only ones to survive from the Cushing series.
Following the success of the Cushing release, the Region 1 Wilmer collection was released on 14 September 2010. This set contains all the surviving complete episodes from the 1965 series, but not the two incomplete episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="31009105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009105" title="Christopher Becker Greene">
Christopher Becker Greene

Captain Christopher Becker Greene (1901 - October 20, 1944) was the head of the Greene Line of steamboats after the death of his father.
Biography.
He was born in 1901 in Ohio to Mary Catherine Becker and Gordon Christopher Greene, and his brother was Thomas Rea Greene. In 1928 he raced Frederick Way, Jr. He died on October 20, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="31009119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009119" title="Fernando Cordero">
Fernando Cordero

Fernando Patricio Cordero Fonseca (born 26 August 1987) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División side Universidad Católica as an Attacking midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31009161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009161" title="Atlasi (Qa'em) Square">
Atlasi (Qa'em) Square

Atlasi (Qa'em) Square is a square in north central Shiraz, Iran where Azadi Boulevard, Hejrat Boulevard and Rabbani Boulevard meet.

</doc>
<doc id="31009175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009175" title="Central Oregonian">
Central Oregonian

The Central Oregonian is a twice-weekly newspaper published in Prineville in the U.S. state of Oregon. Established in 1881, the paper covers Central Oregon where it is the newspaper of record for Crook County. The paper is published on Wednesdays and Saturdays and has a circulation of 2,976. Elmo Smith owned the paper until his death in 1968, when his son Denny Smith took over ownership of the "Central Oregonian" and other newspapers that became Eagle Newspapers. Eagle sold the paper to the Pamplin Media Group in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31009181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009181" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's individual normal hill">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's individual normal hill

The Women's Individual normal hill ski jumping event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 was held on 20 February 2009. This was the first time the event was held at a World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31009191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009191" title="Microbial cooperation">
Microbial cooperation

Microorganisms engage in a wide variety of social interactions, including cooperation. A cooperative behavior is one that benefits an individual (the recipient) other than the one performing the behavior (the actor). This article outlines the various forms of cooperative interactions (mutualism and altruism) seen in microbial systems, as well as the benefits that might have driven the evolution of these complex behaviors.
Introduction.
Microorganisms, or microbes, span all three domains of life, including bacteria, archaea, viruses, and many unicellular eukaryotes (e.g., some fungi and protists). Typically defined as unicellular life forms that can only be observed with a microscope, microorganisms were the first cellular life forms, and were critical for creating the conditions for the evolution of more complex multicellular forms.
Although microbes are too small to see with the naked eye, they represent the overwhelming majority of biological diversity, and thus serve as an excellent system to study evolutionary questions. One such topic that scientists have examined in microbes is the evolution of social behaviors, including cooperation. A cooperative interaction benefits a recipient, and is selected for on that basis. In microbial systems, cells belonging to the same taxa have been documented partaking in cooperative interactions to perform a wide range of complex multicellular behaviors such as dispersal, foraging, construction of biofilms, reproduction, chemical warfare, and signaling. This article will outline the various forms of cooperative interactions seen in microbial systems, as well as the benefits that might have driven the evolution of these complex behaviors.
History.
From an evolutionary point of view, a behavior is social if it has fitness consequences for both the individual that performs that behavior (the actor) and another individual (the recipient). Hamilton first categorized social behaviors according to whether the consequences they entail for the actor and recipient are beneficial (increase direct fitness) or costly (decrease direct fitness). Based on Hamilton's definition, there are four unique types of social interactions: mutualism (+/+), selfishness (+/−), altruism (−/+), and spite (−/−) (Table 1). Mutualism and altruism are considered cooperative interactions because they are beneficial to the recipient, and will be the focus of this article.
Explaining cooperation remains one of the greatest challenges for evolutionary biology, regardless of whether the behavior is considered mutually beneficial or altruistic. According to classical evolutionary theory, an organism will only behave in ways that maximize its own fitness. Therefore, the origin of cooperative interactions, or actions by individuals that result in other individuals receiving fitness benefits, seems counterintuitive.
Theoretical explanations for the evolution of cooperation can be broadly classified into two categories: direct fitness benefits or indirect fitness benefits. This follows from Hamilton's 1964 insight that individuals gain inclusive fitness directly through their impact on their own reproduction (direct fitness effects), as well as through their impact on the reproduction of individuals with related genes (indirect fitness effects).
Types of cooperation.
Mutualism.
Perhaps the most common cooperative interactions seen in microbial systems are mutually beneficial (+/+). Mutually beneficial social interactions provide a direct fitness benefit to the individual that performs the behavior, which outweighs the cost of performing the behavior. Most of the time, individuals partaking in the behaviors have a shared interest in cooperation. In microbial systems, this is most often seen as the production of public goods. Many microbes, especially bacteria, produce numerous factors that are released into the environment beyond the cell membrane.
One very popular example of mutually beneficial microbial interactions involves the production of siderophores. Siderophores are iron-scavenging molecules produced by many microbial taxa, including bacteria and fungi. Iron is a major limiting factor for bacterial growth because most iron in the environment is in the insoluble Fe(III) form. In order for bacteria to access this limiting factor, cells will manufacture these enzymes, and then secrete them into the extracellular space. Once released, the siderophore will sequester the iron, making it metabolically accessible for the bacteria.
There are many explanations in place that justify the evolution of mutually beneficial interactions. Most importantly, in order for the production of public goods to be evolutionarily beneficial, the behavior must provide a direct benefit to the reproductive performance of the actor that outweighs the cost of performing the behavior. While a siderophore is meant to benefit the cell that secretes it, this is not a guarantee. Rather, any cell that encounters the siderophore can access the iron. Therefore, this strategy will only be evolutionary sound if all cells in a given population secrete siderophores, and thus all cells in that population will share the cost and benefit of siderophore production.
While the production of public goods aims to benefit all individuals, it also leads to the evolution of cheaters, or individuals that do not pay the cost of producing a good, but still receive benefits (Figure 1). In order to minimize fitness costs, natural selection will favor individuals that do not to secrete while taking advantage of the secretions of their neighbors. In a population of siderophore secreting cells, non-secreting mutant cells do not pay the cost of secretion, but still gain the same benefit as the wild-type neighbors. Recently, Griffin et al. (2004) investigated the social nature of the production of siderophores in "Pseudomonas aeruginosa". When cells were grown in pure culture were placed in an iron-limiting environment, populations of cells that secreted siderophores (wild-type) outcompeted a population of mutant non-secretors. Therefore, siderophore production is beneficial when iron is limiting. However, when the same populations were placed in an iron-rich environment, the mutant population outcompeted wild-type population, demonstrating that siderophore production is metabolically costly. Finally, when both wild type and mutant bacteria were placed in the same mixed population, the mutants can gain the benefit of siderophore production without paying the cost, and hence increase in frequency. This concept is commonly referred to the tragedy of the commons.
The prisoner's dilemma game is another way that evolutionary biologists explain the presence of cheating in cooperative microbial systems. Originally framed by Merrill Flood and Melvin Dresher in 1950, the Prisoner's Dilemma is a fundamental problem in game theory, and demonstrates that two individuals might not cooperate even if it is in both their best interests to do so. In the dilemma, two individuals each choose whether to cooperate with the other individual or to cheat. Cooperation by both individuals gives the greatest average advantage. However, if one individual decides to cheat, they will obtain a greater individual advantage. If the game is played only once cheating is the superior strategy since it is the superior strategy. However, in biologically realistic situations, with repeated interactions (games), mutations, and heterogeneous environments, there is often no single stable solution and the success of individual strategies can vary in endless periodic or chaotic cycles. The specific solution to the game will depend critically on the way iterations are implemented and how pay-offs are translated to population and community dynamics.
In the bacteria "Escherichia coli", a Prisoner Dilemma situation can be observed when mutants exhibiting a Grow Advantage in Stationary Phase (GASP) phenotype compete with a wild type (WT) strain in batch culture. In such batch culture settings, where the growth environment is homogenized by shaking the cultures, WT cells cooperate by arresting bacterial growth in order to prevent ecological collapse while the GASP mutants continue to grow by defecting to the wild type regulatory mechanism. As a consequence of such defection to the self-regulation of growth by the GASP cells, although higher cell densities are achieved in the short term, a population collapse is attained in the long run due to the tragedy of the commons (Figure 1). On the contrary, although WT cells do not achieve such high population densities, their populations are sustainable at the same density in the long term.
As predicted by theory, in a spatial setting such as those implemented experimentally by microfluidics chips, coexistence between the two strains is possible due to the localization of interactions and the spatial segregation of cheaters. When provided with a such an spatial environment, bacteria can self-organize into dynamic patterns of cell aggregation, desegregation which ensure that cooperator WT cells can reap the benefits of cooperation (Figure 2).
Greig & Travisano (2004) addressed these ideas with an experimental study on yeast "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". "S. cerevisiae" possesses multiple genes that each produce invertase, an enzyme that is secreted to digest sucrose outside of the cell. As discussed above, this public good production creates the potential for individual cells to cheat by stealing the sugar digested by their neighbors without contributing the enzyme themselves. Greig & Travisano (2004) measured the fitness of a cheater type (who possessed a reduced number of invertase genes) relative to a cooperator (who contained all possible invertase genes). By manipulating the level of social interaction within the community by varying the population density, they found that the cheater is less fit than the cooperator at low levels of sociality, but more fit in dense communities. Therefore, they propose that selection for "cheating" causes natural variation in the amount of invertase genes an individual may possess, and that variation in invertase genes reflects constant adaptation to an ever changing biotic environment that is a consequence of the instability of cooperative interactions.
Altruism.
The second type of cooperative interactions is altruistic, or interactions that are beneficial to the recipient but costly to the actor (-/+). Justifying the evolutionary benefit of altruistic behavior is a highly debated topic. A common justification for the presence of altruistic behaviors is that they provide an indirect benefit because the behavior is directed towards other individuals who carry the cooperative gene. The simplest and most common reason for two individuals to share genes in common is for them to be genealogical relatives (kin), and so this is often termed kin selection. According to Hamilton, an altruistic act is evolutionarily beneficial if the relatedness of the individual that profits from the altruistic act is higher than the cost/benefit ratio this act imposes. This rationale is referred to as Hamilton's rule.
Natural selection normally favors a gene if it increases reproduction, because the offspring share copies of that gene. However, a gene can also be favored if it aids other relatives, who also share copies. Therefore, by helping a close relative reproduce, an individual is still passing on its own genes to the next generation, albeit indirectly. Hamilton pointed out that kin selection could occur via two mechanisms: (a) kin discrimination, when cooperation is preferentially directed toward relatives, and (b) limited dispersal (population viscosity), which keeps relatives in spatial proximity to one another, allowing cooperation to be directed indiscriminately toward all neighbors (who tend to be relatives). In microbial systems, these two mechanisms are equally important. For example, most microbial populations often begin from a small number of colonizers. Because most microbes reproduce asexually, close genetic relatives will surround cells as the population grows. These clonal populations often result in an extremely high density, especially in terrestrial systems. Therefore, the probability that a cells altruistic behavior will benefit a close relative is extremely high.
While altruistic behaviors are most common between individuals with high genetic relatedness, it is not completely necessary. Altruistic behaviors can also be evolutionarily beneficial if the cooperation is directed towards individuals who share the gene of interest, regardless of whether this is due to coancestry or some other mechanism. An example of this is known as the "green beard" mechanism, and requires a single gene (or a number of tightly linked genes) that both causes the cooperative behavior and can be recognized by other individuals due to a distinctive phenotypic marker, such as a green beard.
The most studied slime mold from this perspective is "Dictyostelium discoideum", a predator of bacteria that is common in the soil. When starving, the usually solitary single-celled amoebae aggregate and form a multicellullar slug that can contain 104–106 cells. This slug migrates to the soil surface, where it transforms into a fruiting body composed of a spherical tip of spores and a stalk consisting of nonviable stalk cells that hold the spores aloft (Figure 2). Roughly 20% of the cells develop into the non-reproductive stalk, elevating the spores and aiding their dispersal.
Programmed cell death (PCD) is another suggested form of microbial altruistic behavior. Although programmed cell death (also known as apoptosis or autolysis) clearly provides no direct fitness benefit, it can be evolutionary adaptive if it provides indirect benefits to individuals with high genetic relatedness (kin selection). Several altruistic possibilities have been suggested for PCD, such as providing resources that could be used by other cells for growth and survival in "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". While using kin selection to explain the evolutionary benefits of PCD is common, the reasoning contains some inherent problems. Charlesworth (1978) noted that it is extremely hard for a gene causing suicide to spread because only relatives that do NOT share the gene would ultimately benefit. Therefore, the possible solution to this problem in microbes is that selection could favor a low probability of PCD among a large population of cells, possibly depending upon individual condition, environmental conditions, or signaling.
Other microbial interactions.
Quorum sensing.
The integration of cooperative and communicative interactions appear to be extremely important to microbes; for example, 6–10% of all genes in the bacterium "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" are controlled by cell-cell signaling systems. One way that microbes communicate and organize with each other in order to partake in more advanced cooperative interactions is through quorum sensing. Quorum sensing describes the phenomenon in which the accumulation of signaling molecules in the surrounding environment enables a single cell to assess the number of individuals (cell density) so that the population as a whole can make a coordinated response. This interaction is fairly common among bacterial taxa, and involves the secretion by individual cells of 'signaling' molecules. called autoinducers or pheromones.These bacteria also have a receptor that can specifically detect the signaling molecule. When the inducer binds the receptor, it activates transcription of certain genes, including those for inducer synthesis. There is a low likelihood of a bacterium detecting its own secreted inducer. Thus, in order for gene transcription to be activated, the cell must encounter signaling molecules secreted by other cells in its environment. When only a few other bacteria of the same kind are in the vicinity, diffusion reduces the concentration of the inducer in the surrounding medium to almost zero, so the bacteria produce little inducer. However, as the population grows the concentration of the inducer passes a threshold, causing more inducer to be synthesized. This forms a positive feedback loop, and the receptor becomes fully activated. Activation of the receptor induces the up regulation of other specific genes, causing all of the cells to begin transcription at approximately the same time. In other words, when the local concentration of these molecules has reached a threshold, the cells respond by switching on particular genes. In this way individual cells can sense the local density of bacteria, so that the population as a whole can make a coordinated response.
In many situations, the cost bacterial cells pay in order to coordinate behaviors outweighs the benefits unless there is a sufficient number of collaborators. For instance, the bioluminescent luciferase produced by "Vibrio fischeri" would not be visible if it was produced by a single cell. By using quorum sensing to limit the production of luciferase to situations when cell populations are large, "V. fischeri" cells are able to avoid wasting energy on the production of useless product. In many situations bacterial activities, such as the production of the mentioned public goods, are only worthwhile as a joint activity by a sufficient number of collaborators. Regulation by quorum sensing would allow the cells to express appropriate behavior only when it is effective, thus saving resources under low density conditions. Therefore, quorum sensing has been interpreted as a bacterial communication system to coordinate behaviors at the population level.
The opportunistic bacteria "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" also uses quorum sensing to coordinate the formation of biofilms, swarming motility, exopolysaccharide production, and cell aggregation. These bacteria can grow within a host without harming it, until they reach a certain concentration. Then they become aggressive, their numbers sufficient to overcome the host's immune system, and form a biofilm, leading to disease within the host. Another form of gene regulation that allows the bacteria to rapidly adapt to surrounding changes is through environmental signaling. Recent studies have discovered that anaerobiosis can significantly impact the major regulatory circuit of quorum sensing. This important link between quorum sensing and anaerobiosis has a significant impact on production of virulence factors of this organism. It is hoped that the therapeutic enzymatic degradation of the signaling molecules will prevent the formation of such biofilms and possibly weaken established biofilms. Disrupting the signalling process in this way is called quorum inhibition.
Implications.
While the evolution of cooperative interactions allowed microbial taxa to increase their fitness, it is hypothesized that cooperation provided a proximate cause to other major evolutionary transitions, including the evolution of multicellularity. This idea, often referred to as the Colonial Theory, was first proposed by Haeckel in 1874, and claims that the symbiosis of many organisms of the same species (unlike the symbiotic theory, which suggests the symbiosis of different species) led to a multicellular organism. In a few instances, multicellularity occurs by cells separating and then rejoining (e.g., cellular slime molds) whereas for the majority of multicellular types, multicellularity occurs as a consequence of cells failing to separate following division. The mechanism of this latter colony formation can be as simple as incomplete cytokinesis, though multicellularity is also typically considered to involve cellular differentiation.
The advantage of the Colonial Theory hypothesis is that it has been seen to occur independently numerous times (in 16 different protoctistan phyla). For instance, during food shortages "Dictyostelium discoideum" cells group together in a colony that moves as one to a new location. Some of these cells then slightly differentiate from each other. Other examples of colonial organisation in protozoa are Volvocaceae, such as Eudorina and Volvox. However, it can often be hard to separate colonial protists from true multicellular organisms, as the two concepts are not distinct. This problem plagues most hypotheses of how multicellularisation could have occurred. However, most scientists accept that multicellular organisms, from all phyla, evolved by the colonial mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="31009201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009201" title="Keflavik Air Station">
Keflavik Air Station

Keflavik Air Station (NATO ID: H-1A) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located north-northwest of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland. It was closed on 28 June 2006 as part of the closure of United States military facilities in Iceland.
History.
Keflavik Air Station was established as a North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) radar station in 1992, replacing the original NATO AC&W radar site at Rockville AS, (H-1). It was operated by the 932d Air Control Squadron and was equipped with an AN/FPS-117v5 radar.
The mission of the station was to intercept and shadow all Soviet aircraft in transit in and from the GIUK gap which passed through the detection range of its radars and relay to the NAS Keflavik Radar Operations Control Center (ROCC).
Keflavik Air Station was inactivated on 28 June 2006. The radar was replaced by a civilian ARSR radar and is now used for air traffic control.

</doc>
<doc id="31009218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009218" title="Ishme-Dagan II">
Ishme-Dagan II

Išme-Dagān II, inscribed m"iš-me "d"da-gan" and meaning “(the god) Dagan has heard,” was a rather obscure ruler of Assyria, sometime during the first half of the 16th century BC in the midst of a dark age (Edzard's "dunkles Zeitalter"), succeeding his father, Šamši-Adad II, and in turn succeeded by Šamši-Adad III from whose reign extant contemporary inscriptions resume. According to the Assyrian Kinglist, he reigned sixteen years.
Biography.
He belonged to the so-called Adasi dynasty, founded by the last of seven usurpers who succeeded in the turmoil following the demise of Šamši-Adad I’s Amorite dynasty. He is only known from king lists. The relationship with his successor is uncertain as the copies describe Šamši-Adad III’s father as Išme-Dagān, the "brother of" Šarma-Adad II (ŠEŠ"-šú ša" m"šar-ma-"dIM), who was in turn the son of mŠÚ-dNinua. "This" Išme-Dagān, however, has his filiation clearly given as son of Šamši-Adad II (DUMU d"šam-ši-"dIM). This led Yamada to suggest that Šamši-Adad III’s father was a different homonymous individual from a collateral line of descent from mŠÚ-dNinua.

</doc>
<doc id="31009222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009222" title="Project X (2012 film)">
Project X (2012 film)

Project X is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Nima Nourizadeh and written by Michael Bacall and Matt Drake based on a story by Bacall, and produced by director Todd Phillips. The film follows three friends—Thomas (Thomas Mann), Costa (Oliver Cooper) and J.B. (Jonathan Daniel Brown)—who plan to gain popularity by throwing a party, a plan which quickly escalates out of their control.
The title "Project X" was initially a placeholder for a final title, but interest generated by the secretive title kept it in place. A nationwide open casting call was employed to find fresh faces. The majority of the cast were sourced from this casting call, but a few with prior acting credits, such as Mann, were accepted after multiple auditions. Filming took place on sets in Los Angeles over five weeks on a US$12 million budget. The film is presented as a home video from the perspective of an attendee using a camera to document the night's events.
"Project X" was released in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom on March 2, 2012, and grossed over $100 million worldwide during its theatrical run. Criticism focused on the "loathsome" behavior of the lead characters, the perceived misogyny and the disregard for the effects of drug use. Other reviews considered it funny and thrilling, and equated it to a modern incarnation of the 1978 comedy "Animal House". Following release, incidents of large scale parties referenced or blamed the film as an inspiration. A sequel was announced shortly after release, with Bacall returning to write the script.
Plot.
In Pasadena, high school students Costa and J.B. plan to throw a party for their friend Thomas's birthday, aiming to increase their popularity. Thomas's parents go away for the weekend, leaving him alone in the house, but warn him not to have too many people over, and not to drive his father's Mercedes. Thomas is reluctant to have the party at his house, but Costa continues with his plan. Costa hires AV-student Dax to chronicle the night's events. Costa and J.B. advertise the party throughout the school. Thomas himself invites Alexis, the hottest girl at school, and his best friend Kirby, who has a crush on Thomas.
Costa, Thomas, and J.B. go to buy marijuana from drug-dealer T-Rick. While T-Rick gets the marijuana, Costa steals his lawn gnome to use as a party mascot. As they leave, T-Rick discovers his gnome stolen and chases after them but they escape in Thomas' mini-van. As night falls, the party's start time passes but no one turns up and Thomas worries that the party will fail. Suddenly, party-goers arrive en-masse. Thomas intends to limit the party to the backyard and poolhouse with the house guarded by two young security guards, Everett and Tyler. However, more and more people begin to arrive and the party moves beyond their control and into the house. Thomas questions Costa on how he advertised the party, forcing him to confess that he put ads on Craigslist and on a local radio station, worried that no one would attend.
Things escalate quickly and the police arrive, responding to a noise complaint. The party goers remain silent, convincing the officers that the party has already ended. The police leave and the party resumes. T-Rick's gnome is smashed, revealing that it contains a large amount of ecstasy tablets, which are quickly consumed by the partygoers. Thomas kisses Kirby and reveals that he loves her. Alexis meanwhile flirts with Thomas throughout the night and eventually seduces him. Kirby walks in on the pair as they are about to have sex and leaves the party upset. The noise and chaos of the party, which has now spilled into the surrounding neighborhood, receives televised news coverage with helicopters flying over the house. A dwarf guest drives Thomas' dad's Mercedes into the pool after being put into an oven by other partygoers.
The police return in force but are overwhelmed and repelled by the guests. They decide to let the party end naturally before moving in. T-Rick arrives armed with a flamethrower in an attempt to reclaim his gnome. He begins setting fire to the trees and cars in search of Costa, forcing the guests to flee and the party to end. The police shoot his flamethrower pack and it explodes. Thomas, Costa, J.B., and Dax flee with the other guests as Thomas' house burns and the SWAT team moves in to retake the neighborhood. The neighborhood is left aflame.
By morning, the friends return to their respective homes to discover what punishment awaits them. After his parents return, Thomas' father commends him for managing to throw the party because he thought he was a loser, but he uses Thomas' college fund to pay for the damages. At school, Thomas, Costa and J.B. are cheered by the students and Thomas reconciles romantically with Kirby. In the epilogue, T-Rick is recovered alive following the explosion, Thomas is convicted for disturbing the peace, contributing to the delinquency of minors, and inciting a riot, and Costa and J.B. are acquitted; Costa because of his expensive lawyer and J.B. because his parents convince the court that he is mentally incapable and unfit to stand trial. Costa, however, is currently waiting for the results of three paternity tests. Dax, meanwhile, is under investigation for the disappearance of his parents. In an interview with Jillian Reynolds, Costa promises his next party will be even better.
Cast.
The cast also includes: Miles Teller as college jock Miles; Martin Klebba as Angry Little Person, a party guest; Rick Shapiro as drug dealer T-Rick; Rob Evors as Rob, Thomas's neighbor; Caitlin Dulany and Peter MacKenzie as Thomas's Mom and Dad respectively; Nichole Bloom as J.B.'s girl; and Jesse Marco as the party DJ. Television hosts Jillian Reynolds and Jimmy Kimmel cameo as themselves.
Production.
Development.
Producer Todd Phillips described the film as an experiment, after executive producer Alex Heineman provided a basic concept, with the production team sharing tales of memorable parties that they had either attended or heard about. Writer Michael Bacall developed these stories into an outline scenario in one night with the goal of creating the "gnarliest high school party of all time". The remainder of the story was fleshed out in the following weeks. Bacall and Drake were told to "go crazy" with the script, although Bacall confessed "I was a nerd in high school so I never did anything like what's in the movie". Bacall worked on the script generally at nights between simultaneously working on the scripts for "21 Jump Street" and "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World".
Nima Nourizadeh had previously only worked directing music videos and commercials, but he came to the producers' attention for his directing work on a series of party-themed Adidas commercials. Nourizadeh explained to the producers how he would want to develop the script and how he would want the film to look and feel, and he was eventually brought from London to Los Angeles, for what he believed would be two weeks, but stretched to two years. Phillips believed that Nourizadeh's interpretation of the film was compatible with his vision, influencing the decision to hire Nourizadeh in his feature film debut.
"Project X" was not intended to be the title of the film, but it was kept to capitalize on interest generated by the rumored secrecy surrounding the project. Adding to the secrecy, producers decided to not send full scripts to any prospective cast member, instead providing only watermarked individual pages.
Casting.
To create the impression that the events of "Project X" had actually happened, the producers decided against casting known faces, but to find completely new actors. Phillips stated that the goal of the open call was to cast “unknown actors" and "real people of all ethnicities,” who would not normally be given a chance to star in a film. Phillips and producer Joel Silver decided to create a nationwide open casting call, allowing any United States resident over the age of 18 to audition for "Project X" through a specially created website. Actors were required to provide videos of themselves telling embarrassing or funny stories, or dancing. However, traditional casting was still employed to allow actors with little professional acting credits to audition. The process allowed traits of the selected actors to be incorporated into their characters, including in several cases, their respective characters taking the actors' names. In casting the three leads, the production avoided solo casting and instead had a group of three actors auditioning together, switching out and adding different actors to see which group worked best together.
The casting of low-profile actors aided in keeping the production budget low by avoiding the larger salaries attached to stars. To prepare for the role and create a believable friendship between the leads, Brown, Cooper, and Mann were sent to Disneyland together and spent a weekend in a cabin at Big Bear City, California.
Principal photography.
Principal photography was scheduled to begin on June 14, 2010, in Los Angeles, California on a budget of $12 million. Filming took place over twenty-five nights between 5pm and 5am on the Warner Ranch in Burbank, California. The set contained a faux residential area featuring multiple houses. The house belonging to Thomas was situated directly opposite the house used by Danny Glover's character Roger Murtaugh in the Silver-produced 1987 action film "Lethal Weapon".
The production decided to film on a set because locating a real neighborhood that could be effectively closed off and which would allow filming throughout the evening and early morning proved difficult. Phillips explained that using a real neighborhood would have also proven difficult because of the fire damage required for the film. Much of the set was destroyed as part of filming. The film was largely shot in chronological sequence as repairing the set damage from a later scene to film an earlier one would have been difficult. Mann described the filming as a "party atmosphere", with New York disc jockey Jesse Marco on set performing music even when the cameras stopped rolling to maintain the energy of the cast and extras. Many of the same extras were brought back for multiple nights of filming, and would continue to party between scenes. Periodic takes of up to 20 minutes were made of just extras dancing. During filming, Burbank police were called to the set concerning noise complaints made by nearby residents.
"Project X" was filmed in cinéma vérité style, only displaying the events of the film through the first-person view of the cameraman observing the party, to create the effect of the audience being in attendance at the out of control party. Nourizadeh stated that the style allowed the film to seem "real" and "show some of the realities of what kids do". Cinematographer Ken Seng and Nourizadeh tested twelve different camera systems before choosing the digital-HD Sony F23 video camera, basing their decision on its ability to handle sudden extreme changes in lighting due to natural daylight and strobe lights.
The film is primarily presented from the perspective of the character Dax and his camera, but Nourizadeh also obtained footage by providing the cast and extras with recording devices such as BlackBerrys and iPhones to capture events occurring outside of the perspective or knowledge of the cameraman. This resulted in hours of unusable footage that had to be observed by Nourizadeh and his team to find segments that could be incorporated into the final film. Nourizadeh stated "when you have real material being shot by real people, it then kind of feels like it is. It is found footage. I hated spending 10 hours looking through bits of flip footage – people didn’t press stop, it’s like in their pockets. But yeah, it was great, man." Other footage was provided from fictional police and news cameras to give a different perspective on the events.
Release.
"Project X" held its world premiere on February 29, 2012, at the Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, followed by an after party with performances by Kid Cudi, Tyler, The Creator, and The Hundred in the Hands. Party guests were greeted by a Los Angeles Police Department cruiser and a bouncer warning them to keep their clothes on.
The film was scheduled for release in November 2011, but in August of that year the date was pushed back four months to March 2012. The film first received a wide release on March 1, 2012, in Australia, followed on March 2, 2012 by the United States and Canada.
Box office.
During its box office run, the film grossed $54,731,865 in North America and $48,000,000 from markets elsewhere – a worldwide total of $102,731,865.
The film opened to $1.2 million in midnight takings from 1,003 theaters in the United States and Canada. Throughout its opening day, the film's release was expanded to 3,055 theaters, where it grossed a total of $8.2 million including midnight takings. The end of the opening weekend saw the film take a total of $21 million – an average of $6,891 per theater – finishing as the number two grossing film of the weekend behind the animated family film "The Lorax" ($70.2 million), and exceeding expectations that it would finish with a gross in the mid to high teens. "Project X" was highly popular with males and youth; 58 percent of the opening weekend audience for the film was male, and 67 percent of the audience was under the age of 25.
Outside of North America, the film had its most successful opening weekends in France ($3.8 million), Australia ($1.3 million), and Germany ($1.2 million). These countries also represented its largest total gross takings, with $15 million from France, $4.4 million from Australia, and $4.3 million from Germany.
Critical reception.
"Project X" received generally negative reviews. The film garnered 28% approval from 130 critics on Rotten Tomatoes – an average score of 4.2 out of 10 – whose consensus reads: "Unoriginal, unfunny, and all-around unattractive, "Project X" mines the depths of the teen movie and found-footage genres for 87 minutes of predictably mean-spirited debauchery." It earned a score of 48 out of 100 from 25 critics on review aggregate website Metacritic, indicating "mixed or average" reviews. CinemaScore polls reported that the average grade moviegoers gave the film was a "B" on an A+ to F scale, with young males rating it the highest (A), and males in general rating the film higher (B+) than females (C+).
Criticism against the film focused on the perceived misogyny, mean-spirit, and "loathsome" behavior of the characters, and disregard for the effects of drugs. "Empire"s Chris Hewitt gave the film one star out of five, and referred to the central characters portrayed by Mann, Cooper, and Brown, as "spectacularly unlikable". Hewitt labeled the characters "unrepentant, nihilistic, vile, venal, animalistic, avaricious, charmless, entitled, sub-Kardashian, stunningly irresponsible brats". Hewitt ended his review by stating that the film was "possibly the worst film of the last 20 years. It’s certainly the worst comedy of the last 20 years". Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" was similarly critical, calling it "grimly depressing, glumly unfunny teensploitation", but admitted that it would "enthrall a portion of the high school/college age demographic it depicts, just as it alternately outrages, confounds and disgusts other, presumably older audiences." "USA Today"s Claudia Puig found the film treated female characters poorly, labeling it a "heinous, misogynistic movie filled with faceless crowds and nary a character who resembles an actual human being", a sentiment echoed by Melissa Anderson of "The Village Voice" who felt the film promoted "skull-numbing hedonism without consequences", and "second-nature misogyny", and that the only purpose of the male characters is to "'get high, fuck bitches.'"
Robbie Collin of "The Telegraph" called the film "flamboyantly loathsome on every imaginable level" and was critical of the three lead characters, saying "unlike "Superbad"s leads, these three are poisonously unpleasant, and the supposedly comedic banter between them comes off as bullying." "The Los Angeles Times"s Robert Abele called the main trio "numbingly predictable" and the film itself "unoriginal", stating the film "bears a cravenly piggish attitude toward rewarding socially unacceptable behavior that feels unseemly rather than exciting".
"The New York Times" Neil Genzlinger said that the funny script and skilled editing potentially made it the ""Animal House" of the iPhone generation". Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly" praised the film for updating the clichés of similarly themed films from the 1970s to the 1980s like "Animal House" and "Risky Business" "so that they look just dangerous enough to make nostalgia feel naughty", but stated that the film does not offer anything more outrageous than real parties, despite implying "that it's breaking down bold new barriers of misbehavior". Gleiberman accused negative reviews of "fulfilling the role of all those uptight parents in ’50s news reports about the dangers of rock & roll", by applying moral judgments to the events of the film. "Time Out" Joshua Rothkopf gave the film four stars out of five, calling it "brainless", but feeling that the sheer anarchy of the film's events were "thrilling". Pete Travers of "Rolling Stone" praised the film as "gut-bustingly funny" that appealed to a base youth element to become "shitfaced and run amok", and said that it puts its own spin on "Animal House". Travers gave particular mention to Mann as "excellent", however he also stated that Nourizadeh's filmmaking was a "disaster".
Several reviewers were particularly critical towards Cooper and his character. Hewitt called him "the most annoying movie character since Jar Jar Binks", while others similarly described him as "singularly loathsome, venal and without humor", "supremely annoying", "that dick in a sweater-vest" and a "misogynistic" imitation of Jonah Hill "minus the timing, sad sack appeal and motormouth grace". Conversely, Genzlinger praised Cooper for bringing a "mischievous likability" to Costa that "anchors" the events.
Accolades.
Cooper was nominated for two 2012 MTV Movie Awards for Best Comedic Performance and Best On-Screen Dirtbag, and the film received a nomination for Best Music for the Steve Aoki remix of the Kid Cudi song Pursuit of Happiness. "Project X" was listed as the number 1 most illegally downloaded film of 2012 on BitTorrent with approximately 8.7 million downloads.
Home media.
"Project X" was released on DVD, Blu-ray disc, the UltraViolet cloud storage service and digital download on June 19, 2012. Two versions of the Blu-ray disc were released: one containing a Blu-ray and UltraViolet copy of the film, and a combo pack containing the film on Blu-ray, DVD and UltraViolet. The Blu-ray disc version contains an extended edition featuring approximately 6 minutes of additional footage, the theatrical cut, and presents the film in 1080p/AVC with DTS-HD Master Audio sound. The home release also contains three featurettes: "Project X: Declassified", a behind-the-scenes look at the film's production; "Project X: The Pasadena Three", showing the casting of the three leads, Mann, Cooper, and Brown; and "Project Xpensive", detailing how much the damage caused in the film would have cost in reality. The DVD version sold 401,204 units in the United States during its first week, earning approximately $5.9 million, and , it has sold 1,012,223 units and earned $15.5 million from home media sales.
Soundtrack.
The "Project X (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)" was released on iTunes and on CD on February 28, 2012, by WaterTower Music. The album features 13 tracks which appeared throughout the film, with songs by Kid Cudi, D12, MGK, Nas, and .
The score spent eighteen weeks on the US "Billboard" 200, where it peaked at number twelve. The album reached number five on the Top Digital Albums, number one on the Top Soundtracks and Top Independent Albums, and number three on the Top Rap Albums and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. It also charted on the Top Canadian Albums at number eight, the Swiss Albums Chart at number seventy-three, the French Albums Chart at number twenty, and the Belgian Ultratop 50 Albums Charts at number sixty-six in Flanders and number twenty-nine in Wallonia. In the United States, the album was the number 6 selling soundtrack album of 2012, selling approximately 217,000 units.
Impact.
Following the release of "Project X", many parties were inspired by the film.
On March 9, 2012, "Project M" became the first event to gain media attention after a party invite was posted on Twitter by Farmington Hills, Michigan high schooler Mikey Vasovski, and was subsequently passed to thousands of users, to the point that the message was being resent once per second, and was posted on Craigslist. The party was dubbed "Project M" by Vasovski, and the invite contained the address of a foreclosed home where the party would take place. By 9am on March 9, potential party-goers began turning up, but by 11am the party had been officially cancelled after police began turning people away. Based on his promotion job, Vasovski was offered a summer internship by Gawker Media. On March 10, 2012, a second party gained media attention. The party was organized by a Canadian student, titled "Project Kris". Within 24 hours, it had been viewed by over 900,000 people. The event was allegedly intended to be a small party for 30.
On March 13, 2012, two separate parties were attempted in Miramar, Florida and Houston, Texas. In Miramar, people were invited to a foreclosed home to recreate the film as "Project X House Party 2". The promoter was arrested and charged with $19,000 of criminal damage before the party had begun. Police claimed to have turned away 2,000 teenagers who approached the property unaware of the party's cancellation. In Houston, 13 teenagers were arrested after successfully throwing a party and causing up to $100,000 of damage to an empty home. When police questioned the teens about their motivation, they claimed to have been inspired by the film. A second Houston party attracted between 500 and 1,000 guests, but resulted in the death of one person after an attendee started firing a gun when police attempted to break up the event.
On September 21, 2012, in the small Dutch town of Haren a party spiraled out of control after a Facebook invitation. News reports indicated that "There were multiple mentions of an American film called "Project X"", and that some revelers wore T-shirts marked 'Project X Haren'. The damage was estimated to be over €1 million ($1.32 million).
In 2012, a party called "Proyecto X" ("Project X" in Spanish) was held in the Pilar Partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. The event gathered 4,500 teenagers who were sold alcohol.
Sequel.
On March 6, 2012, four days after its release, it was announced that Warner Bros. would pursue a sequel, with Bacall returning to write a script. Bacall began writing a draft script weeks before "Project X" was released.

</doc>
<doc id="31009252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009252" title="Armenian parliamentary election, 1995">
Armenian parliamentary election, 1995

Parliamentary elections were held in Armenia on 5 July 1995, with a second round on 29 July. There were 150 constituency seats and 40 elected on a national basis using proportional representation. The result was a victory for the Republican Bloc (an alliance of the Pan-Armenian National Movement, Democratic Liberal Party, Christian Democratic Union and the Republican Party), which won 88 of the 190 seats. Overall voter turnout was 54.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="31009267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009267" title="Shamshi-Adad II">
Shamshi-Adad II

Šamši-Adad II, inscribed m(d)"Šam-ši-"dIM, was an Old Assyrian king who ruled in the mid-second millennium, ca. 1585-1580 BC (short chronology). His reign falls within the "dark age" period of Assyrian history where written records are scarce.
Biography.
There are no extant contemporary sources witnessing his reign. He was the son and successor of Irišum III and ruled for six years (6 MU.MEŠ) according to the "Khorsabad" and the "SDAS" copies of the "Assyrian Kinglist", where he appears as the 57th name (The "Nassouhi Kinglist" is poorly preserved in this part). He was succeeded by his son Išme-Dagan II.
The "Synchronistic Kinglist" somewhat implausibly gives eight different early Kassite rulers as his contemporaries although only the first five and part of the sixth are legible. These are Agum IGI ašu, Kaštil[...]šu, Abirataš, Kaštilyašu, Tazzigurumaš, and Harba[...]. Brinkman argues that this is a stylistic device and points to the previous reign of Irišum III who is shown as contemporary to Ea-gâmil, the last king of the Sealand Dynasty and Gandaš, the first of the Kassite Dynasty, despite the "Chronicle of Early Kings" recording that Ea-gâmil fled ahead of the army of Ulam-Buriaš, possibly the 12th Kassite king, at least a hundred years later.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31009300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009300" title="Allen Forrest">
Allen Forrest

Allen David Forrest Jr. (born February 4, 1981) also known by the stage name Matchstik or Match, is an American recording artist, rapper, singer/songwriter, music producer, and actor. He is also the founder and CEO of M. Republik Music Group.
Forrest has released three studio albums and one EP. "The Concept" album released in Fall of 2009 has over 100,000 digital downloads worldwide. He was featured in "Billboard" magazine and on Yahoo.com's The New Now. Matchstik was the first rapper to make front page headlines in Dothan, AL in the "Dothan Eagle" newspaper. Matchstik's song "Give Back" (ft Whitney Phillips) was featured in the Sony movie "" movie soundtrack. He also was a social media expert on the 2009 SESAC annual Music Boot Camp. His latest single "Nothing Is Free" is produced by The Black Eyed Peas's hit-maker Jean Baptiste. He ha finished his anticipated acoustic EP titled "The Allen Forrest Project" which includes "That's What I Say", which has over 107,000 plays on Europe's #1 Urban Magazine, "Yo Raps" featuring Jennifer Åkerman, a singer/model/actress who is the younger sister of the actress Malin Åkerman.
Forrest completed his latest rap album titled "The Great Awakening" digitally released worldwide on November 11, 2011 (11.11.11), of which he is the executive producer. The first single from the album is titled "Written In Da Starz (Back Streetz)" featuring Lou Lou Malibu.
In 2012 Forrest reached nearly 100,000,000 people through various social media outlets and websites. On U.S. election day, November 7, 2012 pop singer Katy Perry tweeted Allen's photo to President Barack Obama and media mogul Oprah Winfrey and to her 29,000,000 followers. Mayor Cory Booker also publicly expressed his love for Allen's acoustic single "That's What I Say".
Forrest is a brand ambassador for TOMS shoe and eye wear and has been featured in Yahoo.com, LA Confidential Magazine and Examiner.com with the founder of TOMS Blake Mycoskie.
February 19, 2013 Forrest and his label partnered with Clear Channel Communications with their "Artist Integration Program" The new Integrated Marketing and Promotional Program Leverages Clear Channel’s Multimedia Platforms To Support Music Projects for Established and Developing Artists. Notable act such as Paul McCartney, Carrie Underwood, Taylor Swift, Usher, The Wanted, Swedish House Mafia and more.
In the fall of 2013 Forrest will release his new EP titled "Supanova" from which the first single, "I told her", can be heard on terrestrial radio throughout the south/southeast region of the United States.
Early life.
Matchstik was raised in Dothan, Alabama. At age nine, his parents separated and a few months later his father attempted suicide.
Allen's father, who had been a soldier in the United States Army Reserves, abandoned Allen's family, leaving his mother to raise him and his siblings on her own. Without a father figure in his life, Allen found a home in the streets and soon began selling drugs.
After his third arrest at age 16 Matchstik left the street life behind, dropped out of high school and obtained his G.E.D. He also went on to attend college, and subsequently joined the Navy at age 20.
During his journey across the country, Allen had a near-fatal car crash when his best friend tried to kill himself and Matchstik by grabbing the steering wheel and hitting a tractor-trailer as he and Allen were traveling to San Diego.
Naval career.
Forrest attended boot camp at The Naval Station, Great Lakes, IL, starting in 2001. After completing boot camp, he attended cryptologic technician school at Corry Station in Pensacola, FL. Later, he crossed over to an Operation Specialist to be stationed on the USS Pinckney DDG 91. Upon completing four years of service in the Navy and receiving an honorable discharge and several commendations —including a Good Conduct Medal — he decided to leave the Navy and follow his musical aspirations on the West Coast.
Music career.
Forrest started M. Republik Music Group in Los Angeles, California, in 2005. Match has shared the stage with pop reggae artist Sean Paul, Joe Budden, and several other acts.
Matchstik has worked with notable music producers such as Jean Baptiste (The Black Eyed Peas), Derek Bramble (Faith Hill, Bowie, Whitney, Will Smith, American Idol), and Phonix (The Game).
He has also worked with celebrity photographers such as Hamesh Shahani (Credits: Sir Richard Branson, Beyonc'e' Kanye West, Common) Oleg Kud (Rich Boi, Lupe Fiasco, Wailers) Brad Christopher (Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar and Taryn Southern).
Philanthropy.
Forrest is the founder of The Good Music And A Good Cause movement which has 378 members, and is a social media advocacy mission to create awareness for charities through social networking. "The Good Music And A Good Cause" movement was mentioned in Billboard Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31009301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009301" title="The Royal Scandal">
The Royal Scandal

The Royal Scandal is a Sherlock Holmes film which is an amalgam of "A Scandal in Bohemia" and "The Bruce-Partington Plans". The film was produced in 2001 for The Hallmark Channel as part of an on-going series of Hallmark Sherlock Holmes films.
Production.
The third of four Holmes adaptations starring Frewer as Holmes, was preceded by "The Hound of the Baskervilles" in 2000 and "The Sign of Four" in 2001, and followed by "The Case of the Whitechapel Vampire" (an original story) in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31009305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009305" title="Chad Zumock">
Chad Zumock

Chad Anthony Zumock (born December 27, 1974) is an American comedian and radio personality.
Early years.
Chad Zumock grew up in Brady Lake, Ohio and later Kent, Ohio where he graduated from Theodore Roosevelt High School. While enrolled at Kent State University, Zumock was actively involved with "Last Call" – a popular late-night sketch comedy show airing on the student-run campus TV network, TV2. He also wrote a column for the "Daily Kent Stater", the university's student newspaper, though he admits to being "kicked off" the writing staff.
After graduating with a general studies degree in 2001, Zumock continued his involvement with "Last Call" as the show itself transitioned into the sketch comedy troupe Last Call Cleveland. Although no longer directly involved, Zumock does continue to work with its current members, including comedian Mike Polk.
Career.
In 2005, Zumock moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. He went on to open for several major acts, including Dave Attell, Daniel Tosh, Nick Swardson, Jeff Ross, and Sarah Silverman. While in L.A., Zumock also served as a writer for the "Comedy Central Roast of William Shatner", and worked for XM Satellite Radio's National Lampoon Comedy Radio.
Zumock continues to perform in larger cities but currently lives in his native Northeast Ohio: "I'm a Midwest guy. I always will be." After returning, Zumock contributed to the humor book "Look at My Striped Shirt!: Confessions of the People You Love to Hate" published by Random House in 2006. In 2009, he released a self-produced comedy album, "Accomplishing Nothing". Among the album's 25 tracks is a song devoted to the comic's "trademark outerwear," as Zumock is known for wearing a sweatervest virtually anywhere and at all times.
An avid Cleveland Cavaliers fan, Zumock helped produce "Light It Up Like Vegas!" alongside comedian Mike Polk, its star; the hour long TV special devoted to Cleveland sports miseries aired on Fox Sports Ohio just prior to the start of the 2009–10 NBA season. After LeBron James' departure the following July, Zumock appeared in a Vimeo video mocking the superstar athlete.
On January 5, 2010, Zumock was hired on as co-host for the "The Alan Cox Show", an afternoon drive time talk show hosted by radio personality Alan Cox and airing on Cleveland rock station WMMS (100.7 FM, "The Buzzard"). Zumock himself "dreamt up" the show's popular song (and YouTube video) "Parma State of Mind" — both a parody of the Jay-Z/Alicia Keys hit "Empire State of Mind" and a way of continuing the Northeast Ohio tradition of ribbing the Cleveland suburb (the choice of Parma was partly inspired by past local horror hosts Ghoulardi and Big Chuck and Lil' John).
"Cleveland Magazine" selected Zumock as one of its "Most Eligible Singles" for 2011. Also in 2011, Zumock served as Grand Marshal for the Kent State Homecoming Parade, and released his second self-produced comedy album: "Adventures in Argyle".
In November 2012, Zumock was arrested and charged with driving while intoxicated; shortly thereafter it was announced that Zumock was no longer working at WMMS. However, on May 3, 2013, "Cleveland Scene" reported that Zumock had been acquitted of the charge.
On March 5, 2013, Zumock began a new weekly podcast, "The Sit Down Zumock Podcast! with Chad Zumock". On October 20, 2013, Zumock began hosting a new, weekly radio show at WLFM-LP/Cleveland – "Sunday Nights with Chad Zumock".

</doc>
<doc id="31009312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009312" title="Shu-Ninua">
Shu-Ninua

ŠÚ- or Kidin-Ninua, inscribed mŠÚ-URU.AB x ḪA, the 54th king to appear on the Assyrian Kinglist, was the ruler of Assyria, ca. 1615-1602 BC (short chronology) or 1567-1554 BC (ultra-short), and was the son of his predecessor-but-one, Bāzāiu, succeeding the presumed usurper, Lullaia, a “son of nobody.”
Biography.
The reading of the first element in his name is uncertain, as Ignace Gelb and Benno Landsberger originally proposed BAR, giving "Kidin-Ninua", "the protection of Nineveh," while Arno Poebel read the name as beginning with [ŠÚ- and Weidner read it as [Š]I- on another fragmentary copy of the kinglist. J. A. Brinkman observed that with the exception of this disputed interpretation, all transliterations gave ŠÚ, reinforced by the "Synchronistic Kinglist", ˹mŠÚ-"ni"˺"-nu-a", which had led to the preponderance for interpreting his name as "Šu-Ninua" in recent years, “he of Ištar,” if Nina is correctly identified as a Babylonian name for this deity, although this remains unproven. A recleaning of the fragmentary kinglist, however, has revealed a name collated by Heeßel to be [m"ki-d"]"in-"dNINUA.
There are no contemporary inscriptions of his reign. He is recorded as having been a contemporary of Akurduana of the Sealand Dynasty in southern Babylonia in the "Synchronistic Kinglist", rather than any supposed ruler from the Kassite dynasty. The "Assyrian Kinglist" records that he reigned for fourteen years before being succeeded by his sons, Šarma-Adad II and then Erišum III.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31009313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009313" title="Paul Hudak">
Paul Hudak

Paul Hudak is a Professor of Computer Science at Yale University. He is a former Chair of the Department. He is known as one of the designers of the Haskell programming language. Currently he is also Master of Saybrook College at Yale.

</doc>
<doc id="31009334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009334" title="Lullaya">
Lullaya

Lullaia or Lullaya, inscribed in cuneiform phonetically m"lu-ul-la-a-a", a hypocoristic name, was the 53rd king of Assyria to be added to the Assyrian King List. He was a “son of a nobody,” i.e. unrelated to a previously monarch, and reigned 6 years 1621–1616 BC (middle chronology) or 1599–1594 BC (short chronology), during a period when a rather diminished Assyria was overshadowed by its more powerful neighbor, the Mitanni. Reade speculates that he may be identified with the earlier king, Aššūr-dugul, on the basis of their similar lengths of reign and lack of royal parentage.
Biography.
He was the last in the sequence of kings omitted from the dissident Assyrian Kinglist known as KAV 14, which otherwise provides the only extant sequence of Šamši-Adad I’s later successors, and ]. The Synchronistic Kinglist gives his Babylonian counterpart as Ayadaragalama of the Sealand Dynasty. There are no extant inscriptions from Lullaia's or his predecessor's reigns in marked contrast with their Sealand contemporaries.
He was succeeded by ŠÚ- or Kidin-Ninua, the son of his predecessor, Bāzāiu, for whom he may have acted as regent until reaching his majority as there is no tradition that Lullaia was a usurper.

</doc>
<doc id="31009377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009377" title="Double Crossbones">
Double Crossbones

Double Crossbones is a 1951 American Technicolor film starring Donald O'Connor, Helena Carter, and Will Geer.
Plot.
After being accused falsely of dishonesty, Davey Crandall (O'Connor) decides to become a pirate.

</doc>
<doc id="31009381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009381" title="Bazaya">
Bazaya

Bāzāia or Bāzāiu, inscribed m"ba-za-a-a" and of uncertain meaning, was the ruler of Assyria rather speculatively ca. 1649-1622 BC, the 52nd listed on the Assyrian King List, succeeding IB.TAR.Sîn, of whom he was supposedly his great uncle. He reigned for twenty eight years and has left no known inscriptions.
Biography.
The Assyrian king lists give Bāzāiu’s five predecessors as father-son successors, although all reigned during a fifty two period, stretching genealogical credibility. All three extant copies give his father as Bēl-bāni, the second in the sequence whose reign had ended forty one years earlier and who had been the great grandfather of his immediate predecessor. The literal reading of the list was challenged by Landsberger who suggested that the three preceding kings, Libaia, Šarma-Adad I and IB.TAR.Sîn, may have been Bēl-bāni's "brothers".
The Synchronistic Kinglist gives his Babylonian counterpart as Pešgaldarameš of the Sealand Dynasty. He was succeeded by Lullaia, a usurper, whose brief reign was followed by that of Bāzāiu’s own son, ŠÚ-Ninua.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31009391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009391" title="Vail Unified School District">
Vail Unified School District

Founded in 1903, the Vail Unified School District (often shortened to simply Vail School District) is the school district in the town of Vail, Arizona. It also serves portions of nearby Tucson, Arizona.
It operates eight elementary schools, five middle schools, and three high schools, plus the Vail Academy and High School, a K-12 school.
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="31009399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009399" title="Pomaderris lanigera">
Pomaderris lanigera

Pomaderris lanigera is a common plant from eastern and southern Australia. Often seen around 2 or 3 metres tall, with furry leaves, 6 to 10 cm long, 1.5 to 3 cm wide. Leaf hairs appear woolly, of a silvery grey or rusty brown colour. Attractive golden flowers in August and September. The specific epithet "lanigera" comes from the Latin, meaning "woolly". The habitat varies, but it is often seen in moist gullies along the coast and nearby ranges.

</doc>
<doc id="31009470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009470" title="Iptar-Sin">
Iptar-Sin

IB.TAR.Sîn (reading uncertain), was the 51st Assyrian king according to the "Assyrian King List". He reigned for 12 years some time during the 17th century BC.
Biography.
The "Assyrian King List" provides a sequence of five kings with short reigns purported to be father-son successions, leading Landsberger to suggest that Labaj(j)a, Šarma-Adad I and IB.TAR.Sîn may have been brothers of Bēlu-bāni rather than his descendants. It reports him as son of Šarma-Adad I. He is omitted from the list on another fragment. He is called LIK.KUD"-Šamaš" on the "Synchronistic King List" which gives his Babylonian counterpart as mDIŠ+U-EN (reading unknown), an unidentified person inserted between the reigns of Gulkišar and his son Pešgaldarameš of the Sealand Dynasty.
He was succeeded by Bazaj(j)a, son of Bēlu-bāni.

</doc>
<doc id="31009486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009486" title="Origins of the Six-Day War">
Origins of the Six-Day War

The Origins of the Six-Day War, which was fought between June 5 and June 10, 1967, by Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt then as the United Arab Republic (UAR), Jordan, and Syria, lay in both longer term and immediate issues. The foundation of Israel linked to the Palestinian Refugee problem and its participation in the invasion of Egypt during the Suez crisis of 1956 continued to be a significant grievance for the Arab world. Arab nationalists, led by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser, continued to be hostile to Israel's existence. By the mid-1960s, relations between Israel and its Arab neighbors had deteriorated to the extent that a number of border clashes had taken place. In April 1967 Israel invaded Syria. In June 1967, Egypt expelled UN peacekeepers stationed in the Sinai Peninsula since the Suez conflict, and announced a partial blockade of Israel's access to the Red Sea. Israel claimed this as a casus belli. Tension escalated, with both sides' armies' mobilising. A month later, Israel launched a surprise strike which began the Six-Day War.
Summary of events leading to war.
After the 1956 Suez Crisis, Egypt agreed to the stationing of a United Nations Emergency Force (UNEF) in the Sinai to ensure all parties would comply with the 1949 Armistice Agreements. Despite the overwhelming support for Resolution 1000 in the UN General Assembly, Israel refused to allow UNEF forces onto its territory. In the following years, there were numerous minor border clashes between Israel and its Arab neighbors, particularly Syria. In early November, 1966, Syria signed a mutual defense agreement with Egypt. On November 13, 1966, in response to PLO (Palestine Liberation Organization) guerilla activity, including a mine attack that left three dead, the Israeli Defence Force (IDF) attacked the village of as-Samu in the Jordanian-occupied West Bank. Jordanian units that engaged the Israelis were quickly beaten back. King Hussein of Jordan criticized Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser for failing to come to Jordan's aid, and "hiding behind UNEF skirts". Israel was censured for this invasion in United Nations Security Council Resolution 228, being reproached by the US, the UK, France and the USSR. On April 7, 1967 Israel invaded Syria. The USSR urged that the collective defense agreement with Egypt had been triggered. In May 1967, Nasser received false reports from the Soviet Union that Israel was massing on the Syrian border.
Nasser began massing his troops in the Sinai Peninsula on Israel's border (May 16), expelled the UNEF force from Gaza and Sinai (May 19) and took up UNEF positions at Sharm el-Sheikh, overlooking the Straits of Tiran. Israel reiterated declarations made in 1957 that any closure of the Straits would be considered an act of war, or justification for war. Nasser declared the Straits closed to Israeli shipping on May 22–23. On May 30, Jordan and Egypt signed a defense pact. The following day, at Jordan's invitation, the Iraqi army began deploying troops and armored units in Jordan. They were later reinforced by an Egyptian contingent. On June 1, Israel formed a National Unity Government by widening its cabinet, and on June 4 the decision was made to go to war. The next morning, Israel launched Operation Focus, a large-scale surprise air strike that launched the Six-Day War.
Territorial, water ways and water resources disputes.
Territorial disputes.
The peace accord at the end of the 1948 war had established demilitarized zones (DMZs) between Israel and Syria However, as recalled by UN military forces officers such as Odd Bull and Carl Von Horn, Israelis gradually took over portions of the zone, evicting Arab villagers and demolishing their homes; these actions incurring protests from the UN Security Council. Moshe Dayan, the Israeli defense minister at the time of the Six Day War, recounted in a 1976 interview that Israeli policy in the Demilitarized Zone between 1949 and 1967 was "to seize some territory and hold it until the enemy despairs and gives it to us", thus changing "the lines of the ceasefire accord with military actions that were less than a war". Dayan related further that in the process Israel had provoked more than 80% of the border clashes with Syria in the lead-up to its April 7, 1967 invasion of Syria. In defense of the Israeli actions historian Michael Oren said that "is an element of truth to Dayan's claim", but that Israeli actions were justified, as "Israel regarded the de-militarized zones in the north as part of their sovereign territory". Gluska qualified this view by pointing out that such Israeli sovereignty over all of the DMZ "was not sanctioned by the UN". In fact the Israeli view had been rejected in 1951 by both Britain and the UN Security council (in Resolution 93). In January 1967 Israel reverted to claiming sovereignty over the DMZ.
Publicly, Syria claimed that the escalating conflict was the result of Israel attempting to increase tension in order to justify a large-scale military operation against Syria, and to expand its occupation of the Demilitarized Zone by dispossessing the remaining Arab farmers.
According to Moshe Shemesh, a historian and former senior intelligence officer in the IDF, Jordan's military and civilian leaders estimated that Israel's main objective was conquest of the West Bank. They felt that Israel was striving to drag all of the Arab countries into a war. After the Samu raid, these apprehensions became the deciding factor in Jordan's decision to participate in the war. King Hussein was convinced Israel would try to occupy the West Bank whether Jordan went to war, or not.
Straits of Tiran.
After the 1956 war, Egypt agreed to reopen the Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping, whose closure had been a significant catalyst in precipitating the Suez Crisis.
Water dispute.
In 1964, Israel began drawing water from the Jordan River for its National Water Carrier, reducing the flow that reached Hashemite territory. The following year, the Arab states began construction of the Headwater Diversion Plan, which, once completed, would divert the waters of the Banias Stream before the water entered Israel and the Sea of Galilee, to flow instead into a dam at Mukhaiba for use by Jordan and Syria, and divert the waters of the Hasbani into the Litani River in Lebanon. The diversion works would have reduced the installed capacity of Israel's carrier by about 35%, and Israel's overall water supply by about 11%.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) attacked the diversion works in Syria in March, May, and August 1965, perpetuating a prolonged chain of border violence that linked directly to the events leading to war.
Events during the years before the war.
Israel and the Arab states.
At the time, no Arab state had recognized Israel. Syria, aligned with the Soviet bloc, began sponsoring guerrilla raids on Israel in the early 1960s as part of its "people's war of liberation", designed to deflect domestic opposition to the Ba'ath Party.
Speaking to the UN General Assembly in September 1960, Nasser had stated that "The only solution to Palestine is that matters should return to the condition prevailing before the error was committed — i.e., the annulment of Israel's existence." In 1964 he said, "We swear to God that we shall not rest until we restore the Arab nation to Palestine and Palestine to the Arab nation. There is no room for imperialism and there is no room for Britain in our country, just as there is no room for Israel within the Arab nation." In 1965 he asserted, "We shall not enter Palestine with its soil covered in sand, we shall enter it with its soil saturated in blood."
Even after nearly two decades of its existence, no neighboring Arab country of Israel was willing to negotiate a peace agreement with Israel or accept its existence. Tunisian President Habib Bourgiba suggested in a speech in Jericho in 1965 that the Arab world should face reality and negotiate with Israel, but this was rejected by the other Arab countries.
Israel and Egypt: Suez Crisis aftermath.
The Suez Crisis of 1956 represented a military defeat but a political victory for Egypt, and set the stage leading to the Six-Day War. In a speech delivered to the Knesset, David Ben-Gurion said that the 1949 armistice agreement with Egypt was dead and buried, and that the armistice lines were no longer valid and could not be restored. Under no circumstances would Israel agree to the stationing of UN forces on its territory or in any area it occupied. Heavy diplomatic pressure from both the United States and the Soviet Union forced Israel into a conditional withdrawal of its military from the Sinai Peninsula, only after satisfactory arrangements had been made with the international force that was about to enter the canal zone.
After the 1956 war, Egypt agreed to the stationing of a UN peacekeeping force in the Sinai, the United Nations Emergency Force, to keep that border region demilitarized, and prevent Palestinian fedayeen guerrillas from crossing the border into Israel.
As a result, the border between Egypt and Israel remained quiet for the vast majority of the period up to 1967.
After the 1956 war, the region returned to an uneasy balance without the resolution of any of the underlying issues.
Israel and Egypt: Rotem Crisis.
In February 1960, tensions along the Israeli-Syrian border prompted Nasser to deploy Egyptian armed forces in northern Sinai. Only six days after troop movements had began, did Israel learn of the presence of an Egyptian force, numbering around 500 tanks, on its undefended southern border. Caught off guard, Israel scrambled to deploy its own forces, while Ben-Gurion adopted a policy of pacification to ease tensions and prevent the outbreak of hostilities.
Both sides eventually stood down, yet each drew different conclusions from the affair. Israeli national defence policy came to see any mass deployment of Egyptian forces on its border as unacceptable, and believed new rules had been set in place. Egypt, however, viewed the crisis as a great success. Egypt believed the deployment had prevented an Israeli attack on Syria, and it was thus possible to deter Israel with the mere deployment of forces, without the danger of going to war. The crisis was to have a direct effect on both sides during the events of May 1967, which eventually led to the Six Day War. Both Israel and Egypt applied the lessons they had learned in the earlier affair. Indeed, these were at first perceived to be repeat of the Rotem affair, and were expected to follow the same course. Major differences however, gave the new crisis its own momentum and eventually led to war.
Events during the months before the war.
Israel and Jordan: Samu incident.
The long armistice line between Jordan and Israel was tense since the beginning of Fatah's guerrilla operations in January 1965. While Syria supported such operations, Egypt and Jordan refused to let PLO guerrillas operate from their territory. After 1965 the majority of raids on Israel originated from the Syrian border. Israel viewed the state from which the raids were perpetrated as responsible. King Hussein, the Hashemite ruler, was in a bind: he did not want to appear as cooperating with Israel in light of the delicate relationship of his government with the majority Palestinian population in his kingdom, and his success in preventing such raids was only partial. In the summer and autumn of 1966 the PLO carried out several guerrilla attacks that caused death and injury to Israeli civilians and military personnel. This culminated on November 11, 1966, when an Israeli border patrol hit a land mine, killing three soldiers and injuring six others. Israel believed the mine had been planted by militants from Es Samu, a village in the southern West Bank, close to where the incident took place, which was a Fatah stronghold. This led the Israeli cabinet to approve a large scale operation called 'Shredder'. On Friday, November 12, King Hussein of Jordan penned a letter of personal condolence to Israel which he cabled to U.S. ambassador to Israel, Walworth Barbour, through the U.S. embassy in Amman which passed it to Barbour in Tel Aviv. Barbour, believing there was no urgency to delivering the letter, left it on his desk over the weekend, thus failing to deliver it in a timely fashion.
The next day, on the morning of November 13, the Israel Defense Force invaded Jordan, crossing the border into the West Bank and attacked Es Samu. The attacking force consisted of 3,000-4,000 soldiers backed by tanks and aircraft. They were divided into a reserve force, which remained on the Israeli side of the border, and two raiding parties, which crossed into the West Bank.
The larger force of eight Centurion Tanks, followed by 400 paratroopers mounted in 40 open-topped half-tracks and 60 engineers in 10 more half-tracks, headed for Samu; while a smaller force of three tanks and 100 paratroopers and engineers in 10 half-tracks headed towards two smaller villages: Kirbet El-Markas and Kirbet Jimba. According to Terrence Prittie's "Eshkol: The Man and the Nation," 50 houses were destroyed, but the inhabitants had been evacuated hours before.
To Israel's surprise, the Jordanian military intervened. The 48th Infantry Battalion of the Jordanian Army ran into the Israeli forces northwest of Samu; and two companies approaching from the northeast were intercepted by the Israelis, while a platoon of Jordanians armed with two 106 mm recoilless guns entered Samu. The Jordanian Air Force intervened as well and a Jordanian Hunter fighter was shot down in the action. In the ensuing battles, three Jordanian civilians and 16 soldiers were killed; 54 other soldiers and 96 civilians were wounded. The commander of the Israeli paratroop battalion, Colonel Yoav Shaham, was killed and 10 other Israeli soldiers were wounded.
According to the Israeli government, 50 Jordanians were killed, but the true number was never disclosed by the Jordanians, in order to keep up morale and confidence in King Hussein's regime. The whole battle was short: the Israeli forces crossed the ceasefire line at 6:00 A.M. and returned by 10:00 A.M.
Samu incident consequences.
Hussein felt betrayed by the operation which shattered the fragile trust between Israel and Jordan. He had been having secret meetings with Israeli foreign ministers Abba Eban and Golda Meir for three years. According to him he was doing everything he could to stop guerrilla attacks from the West Bank and Jordan. "I told them I could not absorb a serious retaliatory raid, and they accepted the logic of this and promised there would never be one".
Two days later, in a memo to U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson, his Special Assistant Walt Rostow wrote: "retaliation is not the point in this case. This 3000-man raid with tanks and planes was out of all proportion to the provocation and was aimed at the wrong target," and went on to describe the damage done to US and Israeli interests:
They've wrecked a good system of tacit cooperation between Hussein and the Israelis... They've undercut Hussein. We've spent $500 million to shore him up as a stabilizing factor on Israel's longest border and vis-à-vis Syria and Iraq. Israel's attack increases the pressure on him to counterattack not only from the more radical Arab governments and from the Palestinians in Jordan but also from the Army, which is his main source of support and may now press for a chance to recoup its Sunday losses... They've set back progress toward a long term accommodation with the Arabs... They may have persuaded the Syrians that Israel didn't dare attack Soviet-protected Syria but could attack US-backed Jordan with impunity.
The United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 228 unanimously deploring "the loss of life and heavy damage to property resulting from the action of the Government of Israel on 13 November 1966", censuring "Israel for conducting "a large-scale and carefully planned military action against Jordanian territory" in violation of the United Nations Charter and of the General Armistice Agreement between Israel and Jordan" and emphasizing "to Israel that actions of military reprisal cannot be tolerated and that, if they are repeated, the Security Council will have to consider further and more effective steps as envisaged in the Charter to ensure against the repetition of such acts."
Facing a storm of criticism from Jordanians, Palestinians, and his Arab neighbors for failing to protect Samu, Hussein ordered a nation-wide mobilization on November 20. Hussein complained that Egypt and Syria had failed to protect the West Bank, while "hiding behind UNEF skirts"; this accusation may have been a factor in Nasser's decision to rid his country of the UNEF force on the eve of the Six-Day War.
The operation was the largest scale one that Israel was involved with since the Suez Crisis. While the diplomatic and political developments were not as Israel expected, following the operation Hussein worked hard to avoid any further clashes by preventing guerrilla operations from being launched from within Jordan.
Some view the Samu attack as the beginning of the escalation in tensions that led to the war, with others going further to describe it as the first step in the prelude to war.
Israel and Syria.
Overall, Oren's account of the period portrays Israel as the innocent victim of Syrian provocation and aggression. From the Golan Heights, Syrians had shelled Israeli settlements and other targets, such as fishermen in the Sea of Galilee, drawing punitive responsive strikes from Israel. In addition, following the 1966 coup in Damascus, attacks and acts of sabotage by Syrian-based Palestinian guerrillas (Fatah) had increased, although Jordan was still the main source. For two and a half years from the start of the attacks up until the Israeli invasion of Syria on April 7, 1967, the Fatah incursions launched from Syrian territory had resulted in three Israeli deaths, all of them soldiers. In September 1966 the Israeli Chief of Staff Yitzhak Rabin gave an interview in which he stated that Israeli actions "should be aimed at those who carry out the attacks and at the regime that supports them". These 'unfortunate' words were interpreted as a 'plot' to bring down the Syrian government.
Syria also claimed that Syrian shelling had always occurred in response to Israeli firing on peaceful Arab farmers or Syrian posts. This point, also raised by Dayan in his interview, is further supported by the eye-witness accounts of Dutch UN Observer force Colonel Jan Mühren who attested to the Israeli practice of using armoured tractors to farm in the DMZ in areas prohibited by the 1949 Armistice agreement. These activities would draw Syrian fire, which Israel would respond to with its own forces. However, the vague 1949 Armistice agreement, have not prohibited civil activity in the DMZ. 
In November 1966, Egypt and Syria signed a defense pact whereby each country would support the other if it were attacked. According to Indar Jit Rikhye, Egyptian Foreign Minister Mahmoud Riad told him that the Soviet Union had persuaded Egypt to enter the pact with two ideas in mind: to reduce the chances of a punitive attack on Syria by Israel, and to bring the Syrians under Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser's moderating influence. At the end of December 1966 the IDF renewed its 'buffer fire' in the demilitarized zones, after a six-month lull due to the ‘unconditional ceasefire’ initiated by the Syrians. In January 1967 the Israeli Minister
of Health, Yisrael Barzilai, warned that Egypt’s commitment to Syria under their mutual defense pact "could escalate the situation and nobody can
foresee how it will end".
During a visit to London in February 1967, Israeli Foreign Minister Abba Eban briefed journalists on Israel's "hopes and anxieties" explaining to those present that, although the governments of Lebanon, Jordan and the United Arab Republic (Egypt's official name until 1971) seemed to have decided against active confrontation with Israel, it remained to be seen whether Syria could maintain a minimal level of restraint at which hostility was confined to rhetoric. At the same time Israel was planning, approving and executing the provocations of Syria along the DMZ referred to by Dayan. The provocations were sending a tractor to plow in the demilitarized areas. The Syrian reaction was firing at those advancing, and would frequently shell Israeli settlements. This reached a critical point when armored tractor work on land in the southern demilitarized zone close to Kibbutz Ha-On was scheduled. It was anticipated that the Syrians would react. The Israeli Air Force was placed on alert. Prime Minister Eshkol approved the plan.
April 7, 1967 cross-border battle.
Earlier in the week, Syria had twice attacked an Israeli tractor working in a forbidden DMZ area. When it returned on the morning of April 7, 1967, as predicted in the plan, the Syrians opened fire again initially with light weapons. The Israelis responded by sending in armor-plated tractors to continue ploughing, resulting in further exchanges of fire. The resulting tit-for-tat escalated, leading to tanks, heavy mortars, machine guns, and artillery being used in various sections along the 47 mile (76 km) border in what was described as "a dispute over cultivation rights in the demilitarized zone south-east of Lake Tiberias." At this point the critical departure from previous incidents occurred. Without advance planning nor having been submitted for prior approval to the Ministerial Committee on Security, Israeli aircraft dive-bombed Syrian positions with 250 and 500 kg bombs. For the first time the IAF was employed before an Israeli settlement had actually been shelled (with the exception
of stray shells which fell in Tel Katzir) and Israeli planes penetrated as far as Damascus. The Syrians then responded by shelling Israeli border settlements heavily, and Israeli jets retaliated by bombing the village of Sqoufiye, destroying around 40 houses in the process. At 15:19 Syrian shells started falling on Kibbutz Gadot; over 300 landed within the kibbutz compound in 40 minutes. The "incident" had escalated into a full-scale aerial battle over the Golan Heights after Israel scrambled jets, resulting in the loss of six Syrian Air Force MiG-21s to Israeli Air Force Dassault Mirage IIIs, and the latter's flight over Damascus. The United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) attempted to arrange a ceasefire, but Syria declined to co-operate unless Israeli agricultural work was halted. The Israeli newspaper Maariv wrote "This was not an 'incident' but a real war." Under these circumstances, the
Soviet Union intervened to halt the downward course of events and to deter Israel by activating the Egyptian–Syrian defense pact signed in
November 1966 under Soviet pressure for this precise purpose.
Although the April 7 cross-border battle is often called an 'incident', various reactions to the event belie this description. The Israeli press called it a war. Moshe Dayan was reported by Ezer Weismann to have responded "Have you lost your minds? You are leading the country to war!". Brigadier-General Israel Lior agreed: "From my point of view, the Six-Day War had begun." On April 21, 1967 as in May 1966. the Soviet deputy foreign minister, ¥aakov Malik, relayed an oral message to the Israeli ambassador in Moscow: "The government of the Soviet Union sees the need to warn again the government of Israel that the hazardous policy it has been waging for several years is fraught with danger, and will be held solely responsible.
Later developments.
Speaking to a Mapai party meeting in Jerusalem on May 11 Prime Minister of Israel Levi Eshkol warned that Israel would not hesitate to use air power on the scale of 7 April in response to continued border terrorism, and on the same day Israeli envoy Gideon Rafael presented a letter to the president of the Security Council warning that Israel would "act in self-defense as circumstances warrant". Writing from Tel Aviv on May 12, James Feron reported that some Israeli leaders had decided to use force against Syria "of considerable strength but of short duration and limited in area" and quoted "one qualified observer" who "said it was highly unlikely that Egypt (then officially called United Arab Republic), Syria's closest ally in the Arab world, would enter the hostilities unless the Israeli attack were extensive". In early May the Israeli cabinet authorized a limited strike against Syria, but Rabin's renewed demand for a large-scale strike to discredit or topple the Ba'ath regime was opposed by Eshkol. BBC journalist Jeremy Bowen reports:
The toughest threat was reported by the news agency United Press International (UPI) on 12 May: 'A high Israeli source said today that Israel would take limited military action designed to topple the Damascus army regime if Syrian terrorists continue sabotage raids inside Israel. Military observers said such an offensive would fall short of all-out war but would be mounted to deliver a telling blow against the Syrian government.' In the West as well as the Arab world the immediate assumption was that the unnamed source was Rabin and that he was serious. In fact, it was Brigadier-General Aharon Yariv, the head of military intelligence, and the story was overwritten. Yariv mentioned 'an all-out invasion of Syria and conquest of Damascus' but only as the most extreme of a range of possibilities. But the damage had been done. Tension was so high that most people, and not just the Arabs, assumed that something much bigger than usual was being planned against Syria.
Border incidents multiplied and numerous Arab leaders, both political and military, called for an end to Israeli attacks. Egypt, then already trying to seize a central position in the Arab world under Nasser, accompanied these declarations with plans to re-militarize the Sinai. Syria shared these views, although it did not prepare for an immediate invasion. The Soviet Union actively backed the military needs of the Arab states.
Events during the weeks before the war.
President Abdul Rahman Arif of Iraq said that "the existence of Israel is an error which must be recitified. This is an opportunity to wipe out the ignominy which has been with us since 1948". The Iraqi Prime Minister predicted that "there will be practically no Jewish survivors".
In May 1967, Hafez al-Assad, then Syria's Defense Minister declared: "Our forces are now entirely ready not only to repulse the aggression, but to initiate the act of liberation itself, and to explode the Zionist presence in the Arab homeland. The Syrian Army, with its finger on the trigger, is united... I, as a military man, believe that the time has come to enter into a battle of annihilation."
Egyptian Troop Build-up in Sinai.
In 1967, Israeli leaders repeatedly threatened to invade Syria and overthrow the Syrian government if Palestinian guerrilla actions across the border did not cease.
In addition, the Soviet Union fed the Syrian government false information that Israel was planning to invade Syria. On May 13, the Soviets informed Egypt officially that Israel was massing troops and was planning on invading Syria. It was later revealed that on May 13 a Soviet intelligence report given by Soviet President Nikolai Podgorny to Egyptian Vice President Anwar Sadat claimed falsely that Israeli troops were massing along the Syrian border.
The Israeli disregard for the 1949 Armistice agreement, the resultant April 7 'incident', the renewed threats by Israel to topple the Syrian regime, the rebukes that he had received for Egypt's lack of action after the invasions by Israel of Jordan in November 1966 and of Syria in April 1967, plus the Soviet urging that the Syrian-Egyptian defence agreement had thereby been triggered, left Nasser with no option other than to display solidarity with Syria. On 14 May Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser began the re-militarization of the Sinai, and concentrated tanks and troops there. This move was reminiscent of the Rotem situation, although this time it was done openly.
Egyptian Field Marshal Abdel Hakim Amer established the link between the Egyptian troop movements and Israel's recent invasion and Eshkol's threats to attack Damascus, when he explained to (Soviet Ambassador) Pozhidaev a deterrent aim: “Israel will not risk starting major military actions against Syria, because if it does Egyptian military units, having occupied forward initial positions on this border will immediately move out on the basis of the mutual defense agreement with Syria.” On May 16, Ahmed el-Feki, Egypt's Under Secretary of State, assured David Nes, US chargé d'affaires in Cairo that Egypt would not “take the initiative in attacking Israel.” But in case of a large-scale Israeli attack against its neighbors, el-Feki said, Egypt would come to their aid. Nes came away from the conversation “certain” that Egypt had “no aggressive intent.”
The reasons for Nasser's decisions to expel UNEF and the move to reinforce Egyptian forces in the Sinai were reported to the Israeli government by Prime Minister Eshkol on May 16, 1967 as follows:
"It is estimated that, in light of Syrian reports and appeals to Egypt regarding Israel’s intention to take major action against Syria; in light of declarations and warnings issued by Israel in the past few days; and Egypt’s predicament since April. Egypt has come to the decision that in the present circumstances it cannot sit by idly. It has therefore decided, in the face of the Israeli threat, to demonstrate readiness to
come to Syria’s aid within the framework of the mutual defence pact. At the same time, it may be assumed that the Egyptians hope that their
actions and demonstration will achieve the practical effect of deterring Israel from implementing its threat."
Removal of U.N. peacekeepers from Egypt.
At 10:00 p.m. on May 16, the commander of United Nations Emergency Force, General Indar Jit Rikhye, was handed a letter from General Mohammed Fawzy, Chief of Staff of the United Arab Republic, reading: "To your information, I gave my instructions to all UAR armed forces to be ready for action against Israel, the moment it might carry out any aggressive action against any Arab country. Due to these instructions our troops are already concentrated in Sinai on our eastern border. For the sake of complete security of all UN troops which install OPs along our borders, I request that you issue your orders to withdraw all these troops immediately." Rikhye said he would report to the Secretary-General for instructions.
The UNEF was established following the Suez crisis in 1956 by various resolutions of the Security Council culminating in resolution 1001. Egypt agreed to the presence of the unit on her territory. Israel refused.
Initially, Nasser had not demanded a full withdrawal of UNEF but that they vacate the Sinai and concentrate in Gaza. Detailed archival studies revealed that the original letter had not included a request to withdraw troops from Sharm el-Shiek, overlooking the Straits of Tiran. The UN Secretary-General, U Thant, demanded an all-or-nothing clarification from Nasser, leaving the Egyptians with little choice but to ask for their total withdrawal. U Thant then attempted to negotiate with the Egyptian government, but on May 18 the Egyptian Foreign Minister informed nations with troops in UNEF that the UNEF mission in Egypt and the Gaza Strip had been terminated and that they must leave immediately. Egyptian forces then prevented UNEF troops from entering their posts. The Governments of India and Yugoslavia decided to withdraw their troops from UNEF, regardless of the decision of U Thant. While this was taking place, U Thant suggested that UNEF be redeployed to the Israeli side of the border, but Israel refused, arguing that UNEF contingents from countries hostile to Israel would be more likely to impede an Israeli response to Egyptian aggression than to stop that aggression in the first place. The Permanent Representative of Egypt then informed U Thant that the Egyptian government had decided to terminate UNEF's presence in the Sinai and the Gaza Strip, and requested steps that would withdraw the force as soon as possible. The UNEF commander was given the order to begin withdrawal on May 19.
The withdrawal of UNEF was to be spaced over a period of some weeks. The troops were to be withdrawn by air and by sea from Port Said. The withdrawal plan envisaged that the last personnel of UNEF would leave the area on June 30, 1967. On the morning of May 27, Egypt demanded that the Canadian contingent be evacuated within 48 hours "on grounds of the attitude adopted by the Government of Canada in connection with UNEF and the United Arab Republic Government's request for its withdrawal, and ‘to prevent any probable reaction from the people of the United Arab Republic against the Canadian Forces in UNEF.’" The withdrawal of the Canadian contingent was accelerated and completed on May 31, with the effect that UNEF was left without its logistics and air support components. In the war itself 15 members of the remaining force were killed and the rest evacuated through Israel.
The Egyptian right to remove the U.N. peacekeepers.
Before UNEF could be deployed negotiations were necessary with the compliant host country, Egypt:
Rostow is of the contrary opinion that "Egyptian commitments of the period were broken one by one, the last being the request for the removal of U.N.E.F." Oren, however, confirms Egypt's right as follows: "That (UNEF) presence, however, hung on a legal fiction. The “good-faith agreement” forged by Dag HammarsKjold in 1957, according to which Egypt would consult with the General Assembly and the UNEF Advisory Council before altering the force’s mandate, was in no way binding. The Egyptians could, in fact, dismiss UNEF whenever they chose. Bunche (UN expert on Middle East diplomacy) fully adhered to the secretary-general’s position that Egypt had a sovereign right to dismiss UNEF’, however imprudent that decision might be."
International reactions.
The United States did not find a UNEF withdrawal overly worrying. Walworth Barbour, US ambassador in Tel Aviv, told Israeli officials that the withdrawal did not affect the “fundamental military situation,” and that there was “every reason for Nasser” not to attack Israel. Egypt volunteered that if Israel were concerned about an Egyptian invasion, it could accept UNEF on its own side of the armistice line. “If Israel wants them to stay,” Field Marshal Amer told Soviet Ambassador Pozhidaev, “it can make its own territory available.” U Thant was thinking along the same lines. On May 18, he posed that option to Israel's UN ambassador, Gideon Rafael, as a protection against a possible invasion. Rafael replied that this option was “entirely unacceptable to his Government.”
Jacques Roux, France's ambassador in Cairo, gave Maurice Couve de Murville, the French foreign minister, an assessment that Egypt was making its moves in reaction to accusations that Egypt was not living up to its obligations to other Arab states. The request for a UNEF withdrawal did not, in Roux's view, mean that the Egyptian leadership was embarking on “an adventure.”
Israel was not particularly troubled by the evacuation of the UNEF in itself. There were some who even thought that it would be to Israel’s advantage.
The Straits of Tiran closure.
On May 22, Egypt responded by announcing, in addition to the UN withdrawal, that the Straits of Tiran would be closed to "all ships flying Israeli flags or carrying strategic materials", with effect from May 23. In order to enforce the blockade, Egypt falsely announced that the Tiran straits had been mined. 90% of Israeli oil passed through the Straits of Tiran. Oil tankers that were due to pass through the straights have been delayed.
Nasser stated, "Under no circumstances can we permit the Israeli flag to pass through the Gulf of Aqaba." There were ambiguities about how rigorous the blockade would be, and particularly about whether it would apply to non-Israeli flag vessels.
In his speech to Arab trade unionists on May 26, Nasser announced: "If Israel embarks on an aggression against Syria or Egypt, the battle against Israel will be a general one and not confined to one spot on the Syrian or Egyptian borders. The battle will be a general one and our basic objective will be to destroy Israel."
Nasser publicly denied that Egypt would strike first and spoke of a negotiated peace if Israel allowed all Palestinian refugees the right of return, and of a possible compromise over the Straits of Tiran.
For the Egyptian right to close the Straits.
Egypt stated that the Gulf of Aqaba had always been a national inland waterway subject to the sovereignty of the only three legitimate littoral States — Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt — who had the right to bar enemy vessels. The representative of the United Arab Republic further stated that "Israel's claim to have a port on the Gulf was considered invalid, as Israel was alleged to have occupied several miles of coastline on the Gulfline, including Umm Rashrash, in violation of Security Council resolutions of 1948 and the Egyptian-Israel General Armistice Agreement."
The Arab states disputed Israel's right of passage through the Straits, noting they had not signed the Convention on the Territorial Sea and Contiguous Zone specifically because of article 16(4) which provided Israel with that right.
In the United Nations General Assembly debates after the war, the Arab states and their supporters argued that even if international law gave Israel the right of passage, Israel was not entitled to attack Egypt to assert that right, because the closure was not an "armed attack" as defined by Article 51 of the United Nations Charter. Pursuant to this point, international law professor John Quigley argues that under the doctrine of proportionality, Israel would only be entitled to use such force as would be necessary to secure its right of passage. 
Contrary to this view in a letter written to the "New York Times" in June 1967 lawyer Roger Fisher argued that
The United Arab Republic had a good legal case for restricting traffic through the Strait of Tiran. First it is debatable whether international law confers any right of innocent passage through such a waterway... ... a right of innocent passage is not a right of free passage for any cargo at any time. In the words of the Convention on the Territorial Sea: 'Passage is innocent so long as it is not prejudicial to the peace, good order, or security of the coastal state... taking the facts as they were I, as an international lawyer, would rather defend before the International Court of Justice the legality of the U.A.R's action in closing the Strait of Tiran than to argue the other side of the case...
Against the Egyptian right to close the Straits.
After the 1956 campaign in which Israel conquered Sharm el-Sheikh and opened the blocked Straits, it was forced to withdraw and return the territory to Egypt. At the time, members of the international community pledged that Israel would never again be denied use of the Straits of Tiran. The French representative to the UN, for example, announced that an attempt to interfere with free shipping in the Straits would be against international law, and American President Dwight Eisenhower went so far as publicly to recognize that reimposing a blockade in the Straits of Tiran would be seen as an aggressive act which would oblige Israel to protect its maritime rights in accordance with Article 51 of the UN Charter.
The rights of Egypt regarding the Straits of Tiran had been debated at the General Assembly pursuant to Israel's withdrawal from the Sinai following the Suez Crisis. A number of states, including Australia, Canada, Denmark, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States argued that the Straits were international waters, and, as such, all vessels had the right of "free and innocent passage" through them. India, however, argued that Egypt was entitled to require foreign ships to obtain its consent before seeking access to the gulf because its territorial sea covered the Straits of Tiran. It too recognized the right of innocent passage through such waters, but argued it was up to the coastal State to decide which passage was "innocent".
Israel’s political ‘anchor’ in its efforts to prevent any disruption of freedom of shipping through the Straits was a statement by then Foreign Minister Golda Meir at the UN Assembly on 1 March 1957, while announcing her government’s decision to respond to the demand for withdrawal from Sinai and the Gaza Strip, to the effect that Israel would view disruption of free shipping through the Tiran Straits as an act of aggression and would reserve the right to react in accordance with Clause 51 of the UN Charter.
To note, state practice and customary international law that ships of all states have a right of innocent passage through territorial seas. That Egypt had consistently granted passage as a matter of state practice until then suggests that its "opinio juris" in that regard was consistent with practice. Moreover, during the Egyptian occupation of the Saudi islands of Sanafir and Tiran in 1950, it provided assurances to the US that the military occupation would not be used to prevent free passage, and that Egypt recognizes that such free passage is "in conformity with the international practice and the recognized principles of international law.". In 1949 the International Court of Justice held in the Corfu Channel Case ("United Kingdom v. Albania") that where a strait was overlapped by a territorial sea foreign ships, including warships, had unsuspendable right of innocent passage through such straits used for international navigation between parts of the high seas, but express provision for innocent passage through straits within the territorial sea of a foreign state was not codified until the 1958 Convention on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone.
Jordan joins Egypt.
During May and June the Israeli government had worked hard to keep Jordan out of any war; it was concerned about being attacked on multiple fronts, and did not want to have to deal with the Jordanian West Bank. Israel called upon Jordan numerous times to refrain from hostilities. Israel's own sense of concern regarding Jordan's future role originated in the Jordanian control of the West Bank. This put Arab forces just 17 kilometers from Israel's coast, a jump-off point from which a well-coordinated tank assault would likely cut Israel in two within half an hour. Hussein had doubled the size of Jordan's army in the last decade and had US training and arms delivered as recently as early 1967, and it was feared that it could be used by other Arab states as staging grounds for operations against Israel; thus, attack from the West Bank was always viewed by the Israeli leadership as a threat to Israel's existence.
However, Jordan's King Hussein got caught up in the wave of pan-Arab nationalism preceding the war;. According to Mutawi, Hussein was caught on the horns of a galling dilemma: allow Jordan to be dragged into war and face the brunt of the Israeli response, or remain neutral and risk full-scale insurrection among his own people. Army Commander-in-Chief General Sharif Zaid Ben Shaker warned in a press conference that "If Jordan does not join the war a civil war will erupt in Jordan". However, according to Avi Shlaim, Hussein's actions were prompted by his feelings of Arab nationalism.
On May 30, Jordan signed a mutual defense treaty with Egypt, thereby joining the military alliance already in place between Egypt and Syria. The move surprised both Egyptians and foreign observers, because President Nasser had generally been at odds with Hussein, calling him an "imperialist lackey" just days earlier. Nasser said that any differences between him and Hussein were erased "in one moment" and declared: "Our basic objective will be the destruction of Israel. The Arab people want to fight."
At the end of May 1967, Jordanian forces were given to the command of an Egyptian general, Abdul Munim Riad. On the same day, Nasser proclaimed: "The armies of Egypt, Jordan and Syria are poised on the borders of Israel ... to face the challenge, while standing behind us are the armies of Iraq, Algeria, Kuwait, Sudan and the whole Arab nation. This act will astound the world. Today they will know that the Arabs are arranged for battle, the critical hour has arrived. We have reached the stage of serious action and not of more declarations."
On June 3, days before the war, Egypt flew to Amman two battalions of commandos tasked with infiltrating Israel's borders and engaging in attacks and bombings so as to draw IDF into a Jordanian front and ease the pressure on the Egyptians. Soviet-made artillery and Egyptian military supplies and crews were also flown to Jordan.
Arab states preparations.
At the same time several other Arab states not bordering Israel, including Iraq, Sudan, Kuwait and Algeria, began mobilizing their armed forces.
The Egyptian attack plan was code-named Operation Dawn, and was planned by General Abdel Hakim Amer. It called for the strategic bombing of Israeli airfields, ports, cities, and the Negev Nuclear Research Center. Arab armies would then invade Israel, and cut it in half with an armored thrust through the Negev.
Writing from Egypt on June 4, 1967, "New York Times" journalist James Reston observed: "Cairo does not want war and it is certainly not ready for war. But it has already accepted the possibility, even the likelihood, of war, as if it had lost control of the situation."
The crisis and diplomacy.
The Israeli government asked the U.S. and UK to open the Straits of Tiran, as they guaranteed they would in 1957. Harold Wilson's proposal of an international maritime force to quell the crisis was adopted by President Johnson, but received little support, with only Britain and the Netherlands offering to contribute ships. The British cabinet later stated that there was a new balance of power in the Middle East, led by the United Arab Republic, that was A) to the detriment of Israel and the Western powers and B) something Israel was going to have to learn to live with.
United Nations Secretary-General U Thant also went to Cairo to help negotiate an agreement to avoid conflict. UN Secretary General, U Thant, visited Cairo for mediation and recommended a moratorium in the Straits of Tiran and a renewed diplomatic effort to solve the crisis. Egypt agreed, but Israel rejected these proposals.
Caught up in Arab enthusiasm for military action and encouraged by the lack of response to the closure of the Straits, Egyptian Field Marshal Amer planned for initiating an attack on Israel in late May. He told one of his generals that "This time we will be the ones to start the war." This was counter to Nasser's strategy of pushing Israel to start the war. Historian Michael Oren states that Egyptian sources are divided over why Nasser did not veto Amer's plan. Oren suggests that "Nasser was apprised of plan but lacked the political strength to override Amer's order. Also, the preparation of an Egyptian invasion of Israel had certain advantages for Nasser..."
On May 25, 1967, Israeli Foreign Minister Abba Eban landed in Washington “with instructions to discuss American plans to re-open the Straits of Tiran”. As soon as he arrived, he was given new instructions in a cable from the Israeli government. The cable said that Israel had learned of an imminent Egyptian attack, which overshadowed the blockade. No longer was he to emphasize the Straits issue; he was instructed to ‘inform the highest authorities of this new threat and to request an official statement from the United States that an attack on Israel would be viewed as an attack on the United States.” According to most sources, including those involved, the new instructions were sent at the instigation of Chief of Staff Yitzhak Rabin, who was eager to force an American decision – either Johnson would have to commit to specific American action then, or Israel would be free to act on its own. Historian Michael Oren explains Eban's reaction to the new instructions: "Eban was livid. Unconvinced that Nasser was either determined or even able to attack, he now saw Israelis inflating the Egyptian threat — and flaunting their weakness — in order to extract a pledge that the President, Congress-bound, could never make." He described the cable as an "...act of momentous irresponsibility... eccentric..." which "lacked wisdom, veracity and tactical understanding," and later came to the conclusion that the genesis of the cable was Rabin's indecisive state of mind.
Despite his own skepticism, Eban followed his instructions during his first meeting with Secretary Rusk, Under Secretary Rostow, and Assistant Secretary Lucius Battle. American intelligence experts spent the night analyzing each of the Israeli claims. On May 26, Eban met with United States Secretary of State Dean Rusk, Defense Secretary Robert McNamara, and finally with President Lyndon B. Johnson. In a memo to the President, Rusk rejected the claim of an Egyptian and Syrian attack being imminent, plainly stating "our intelligence does not confirm Israeli estimate". According to declassified documents from the Johnson Presidential Library, President Johnson and other top officials in the administration did not believe war between Israel and its neighbors was necessary or inevitable. "All of our intelligence people are unanimous that if the UAR attacks, you will whip hell out of them", Johnson told Eban during a visit to the White House on May 26. This assertion was made in accordance with a CIA assessment that Israel could “defend successfully against simultaneous Arab attacks on all fronts... or hold on any three fronts while mounting successfully a major offensive on the fourth." Consequently, Johnson declined to airlift special military supplies to Israel or even to publicly support it. Eban left the White House distraught.
In a lecture given in 2002, Oren said, "Johnson sat around with his advisors and said, ‘What if their intelligence sources are better than ours?’ Johnson decided to fire off a Hotline message to his counterpart in the Kremlin, Alexei Kosygin, in which he said, ‘We've heard from the Israelis, but we can't corroborate it, that your proxies in the Middle East, the Egyptians, plan to launch an attack against Israel in the next 48 hours. If you don't want to start a global crisis, prevent them from doing that.’ At 2:30 a.m. on May 27, Soviet Ambassador to Egypt Dimitri Pojidaev knocked on Nasser's door and read him a personal letter from Kosygin in which he said, ‘We don't want Egypt to be blamed for starting a war in the Middle East. If you launch that attack, we cannot support you.’ Amer consulted his sources in the Kremlin, and they corroborated the substance of Kosygin's message. Despondent, Amer told the commander of Egypt's air force, Major General Mahmud Sidqi, that the operation was cancelled." According to then Egyptian Vice-President Hussein el-Shafei, as soon as Nasser knew what Amer planned, he cancelled the operation.
Most American diplomats who worked in the Middle East were sympathetic to Nasser's views on the Straits, with several of them arguing that the US should ignore both its on-the-record promises to Israel regarding the Straits being open and international law; a few diplomats who were not as impressed by threats from Arab nations advised the Johnson Administration to back the flotilla option as a "show of force" that would forestall war from breaking out
The US also tried to mediate, and Nasser agreed to send his vice-president to Washington to explore a diplomatic settlement. The meeting did not happen because Israel launched its offensive. 
On May 30, Nasser responded to Johnson's request of 11 days earlier and agreed to send his Vice President, Zakkariya Muhieddin, to Washington on June 7 to explore a diplomatic settlement in "precisely the opening the White House had sought".
Developments in Israel.
Spurred by the virulent Arab rhetoric, mounting concern and pressure from the media, public bellicose statements by their military, the unexpected major battle over Syria in April, the consequences thereof for the Egyptian-Syrian defense agreement, the expulsion of UNEF, and the mobilization of Egyptian troops into Sinai, the Israeli public sense was of heightened fear and of an approaching holocaust.
Yitzhak Rabin reported that the cabinet was deadlocked over the issue of the blockade. Interior Minister Haim-Moshe Shapira in particular had pointed out that the Straits had been closed from 1951 to 1956 without the situation endangering Israel's security.
Nonetheless, on May 22 General Rabin reported to Israel's cabinet that the Egyptian forces were in a defensive posture, that they were not being deployed to attack. The IDF concluded that Nasser meant to intervene in case of an Israeli attack against Syria. On 23 May, Rabin realized that by blocking the Tiran straits, Nasser probably understood that he was going to war.
The Israeli cabinet met on May 23 and decided to launch an attack if the Straits of Tiran were not re-opened by May 25. Following an approach from United States Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Eugene Rostow to allow time for the negotiation of a nonviolent solution, Israel agreed to a delay of ten days to two weeks.
On May 24 Prime Minister Eshkol told his generals: "Nobody ever said we were an army for preventive war ... I do not accept the mere fact that the Egyptian army is deployed in Sinai makes war inevitable. ... You did not receive all these weapons in order for you to say that now we are ready and well-equipped to destroy the Egyptian army, so we must do it".
U. S. intelligence likewise did not expect Egypt to attack in the absence of an Israeli invasion of Syria. On May 26 the United States communicated that assessment to Israel.
On 30 May Jordan joined Egypt and Israel felt threatened also by the opening of Jordan to Iraqi and other Arab troops and an Israeli preemptive attack became more likely.
While The generals were more troubled by the tanks and fighter airplanes that Nasser kept pouring into Sinai, the Israeli government were preoccupied with the Tiran Straits closure. Within Israel's political leadership, it was decided that if the US would not act, and if the UN could not act, then Israel would have to act. On 1 June, Moshe Dayan was made Israeli Defense Minister, and on June 3 the Johnson administration gave an ambiguous statement; Israel continued to prepare for war. Israel's attack against Egypt on June 5 began what would later be dubbed the Six-Day War.
Retrospective.
Israel: was the war imminent?
Israel viewed the Straits of Tiran as a vital interest as it's where Israel received vital imports, mainly oil from Iran, and it threatened Israels ability to develop the Negev.
Former Chief of Staff of the armed forces, Haim Bar-Lev (a deputy chief during the war) stated: "the entrance of the Egyptians into Sinai was not a casus belli," but argued instead that the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran ultimately caused the war.
After the closing of the Straits of Tiran, Israeli Foreign Minister, Abba Eban, contended that this was enough to start the war. Eban said, "From May the 24th onward, the question who started the war or who fired the first shot became momentously irrelevant. There is no difference in civil law between murdering a man by slow strangulation or killing him by a shot in the head... From the moment at which the blockade was posed, active hostilities had commenced, and Israel owed Egypt nothing of her Charter rights."
While not viewed by the Israeli military as an imminent threat, the presence of a long-term direct and 'immediate' threat on the border would require the IDF to mobilize its reserves and stand ready, thus severely disrupting normal life in Israel at intolerable economic cost.
Writing in 2002, American National Public Radio journalist Mike Shuster expressed a view that was prevalent in Israel before the war that the country "was surrounded by Arab states dedicated to its eradication. Egypt was ruled by Gamal Abdel Nasser, a firebrand nationalist whose army was the strongest in the Arab Middle East. Syria was governed by the radical Baathist Party, constantly issuing threats to push Israel into the sea." With what Israel saw as provocative acts by Nasser, including the blockade of the Straits and the mobilization of forces in the Sinai, creating military and economic pressure, and the United States temporizing because of its entanglement in the Vietnam War, Israel's political and military elite came to feel that preemption was not merely militarily preferable, but transformative.
Major General Mattityahu Peled, the Chief of Logistics for the Armed Forces during the war, said the survival argument was "a bluff which was born and developed only after the war ... When we spoke of the war in the General Staff, we talked of the political ramifications if we didn't go to war — what would happen to Israel in the next 25 years. Never of survival today." Peled also stated that "To pretend that the Egyptian forces massed on our frontiers were in a position to threaten the existence of Israel constitutes an insult not only to the intelligence of anyone capable of analyzing this sort of situation, but above all an insult to Zahal (Israeli military)."
In a 30 March 1968 Ma’ariv interview Defense Minister Moshe Dayan explained: "What do you mean, war was unavoidable? It was, of course, possible to avoid the war if the Straits Tiran had stayed closed to Israeli shipping.
Menachem Begin also stated that "The Egyptian army concentrations in the Sinai approaches did not prove that Nasser was really about to attack us. We must be honest with ourselves. We decided to attack him."
According to Martin van Creveld, the IDF pressed for war: "...the concept of 'defensible borders' was not even part of the IDFs own vocabulary. Anyone who will look for it in the military literature of the time will do so in vain. Instead, Israel's commanders based their thought on the 1948 war and, especially, their 1956 triumph over the Egyptians in which, from then Chief of Staff Dayan down, they had gained their spurs. When the 1967 crisis broke they felt certain of their ability to win a 'decisive, quick and elegant' victory, as one of their number, General Haim Bar Lev, put it, and pressed the government to start the war as soon as possible".
The assertion that the announcement of Straits of Tiran Blockade paved the way for war is disputed by Major General Indar Jit Rikhye, military adviser to the United Nations Secretary General, who called the accusation of a blockade "questionable," pointing out that an Israeli-flagged ship had not passed through the straits in two years, and that "The U.A.R. navy had searched a couple of ships after the establishment of the blockade and thereafter relaxed its implementation."
Did Israel plan a war?
For.
The USSR had come to similar conclusions: "... it is clear that the Soviet assessment from mid-May 1967 that Israel was about to strike at Syria was correct and well founded, and was not merely based on the public threats issued by Eshkol, Rabin and Yariv.".
Against.
Some of Israel's political leaders, however, hoped for a diplomatic solution.
Did Egypt plan a war?
For.
According to Shlaim & Louis, in the end of May 1967, Nasser claimed in a public speech to have been aware of the Straits of Tiran closure implications: ""Taking over Sharm El Sheikh meant confrontation with Israel. It also means that we ready to enter a general war with Israel. It was not a separate operation"".
Against.
Yitzhak Rabin, who served as the Chief of the General Staff for Israel during the war stated: "I do not believe that Nasser wanted war. The two divisions he sent into Sinai on May 14 would not have been enough to unleash an offensive against Israel. He knew it and we knew it."
Israeli Foreign Minister Abba Eban wrote in his autobiography that he found "Nasser's assurance that he did not plan an armed attack" convincing, adding that "Nasser did not want war; he wanted victory without war". As Abba Eban put it, Nasser wanted victory without a war
Some analysts suggest that Nasser took actions aimed at reaping political gains, which he knew carried a high risk of precipitating military hostilities. On this view, Nasser's willingness to take such risks was based on his fundamental underestimation of Israel's capacity for independent and effective military action.
According to historian Abd al-Azim Ramadan, Nasser mistaken decisions to expel the international peacekeeping force from the Sinai Peninsula and close the Straits of Tiran in 1967, led to a state of war with Israel, despite the lack of military preparedness
The war consequences.
On June 1, Israel formed a National Unity Government, and on June 4 the decision was made to go to war. The next morning, Israel launched Operation Focus, a large-scale surprise air strike that was the opening of the Six-Day War.
Controversy remains as to whether Israel's attack was a preemptive strike or an unjustified attack.
Historian Michael Oren writes that Rusk was "mad as hell" and that Johnson later wrote "I have never concealed my regret that Israel decided to move when it did".

</doc>
<doc id="31009496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009496" title="Pomaderris cinerea">
Pomaderris cinerea

Pomaderris cinerea is an Australian plant from south eastern New South Wales. It may also occur in nearby Victoria. The habitat is moist areas in eucalyptus forest, sometimes near rainforest, south of the Moruya district. The original specimens were collected from Mount Imlay and nearby Twofold Bay.
A small tree, up to 5 metres tall, often encountered as a shrub half that size. This plant features grey furry leaves. 2 to 5 cm long, 1 to 2 cm wide. Reverse ovate or elliptic in shape. Yellow flowers without petals form in summer.

</doc>
<doc id="31009514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009514" title="Women's Football at the 2007 Island Games">
Women's Football at the 2007 Island Games

The 2007 Island Games on the island of Rhodes was the 4th edition in which a women's football (soccer) tournament was played at the multi-games competition. It was contested by 11 teams.
The Åland Islands won the tournament for the first time.
See also.
Men's Football at the 2007 Island Games

</doc>
<doc id="31009521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009521" title="Productivity Alpha">
Productivity Alpha

The term productivity alpha describes above benchmark productivity resulting from operations that have been optimized through the use of technology.
Productivity alpha is essential to helping today’s asset management organizations remain competitive. It leads to cost savings, increased efficiency and a more satisfied work force.
Background.
Alpha is a word used in the investment process. A positive alpha means that a fund has performed better than the benchmark or better than average. 
There is a direct correlation between a firm’s operations and productivity. When operations are automated and operational processes are streamlined, productivity increases. This can help a firm to see a significant improvement in their overall business. Well-run operations will, in fact:
By allowing the asset manager to execute his or her investment strategy faster or smarter, the operations can have a direct impact on the fund’s alpha. 
Highly automated and efficient operations enable a firm to more quickly accommodate new instruments, strategies and markets, thus directly contributing to the development of new sources of alpha. 
By avoiding errors and delays in operations the COO helps to protect the alpha that the fund manager has created. 
Errors in the middle or back office can result in additional costs for reversing trades or even penalties. Furthermore, inadequate technology can increase an organization’s risk exposure. Operations which are tightly and efficiently managed can contribute to the protection of investment alpha.
By being more efficient in operations, an organization can reduce the cost of operations, directly benefitting the fund or the asset manager’s P&L.
Every dollar spent on administrative expenses is a dollar less in additional revenue performance. In order to create and protect alpha, you must be able to reduce expenses and streamline processes. 
By leveraging efficient operations for enhanced client service and reporting, an organization can spend more productive time with its clients. 
Investors today demand accurate and well-presented information in a timely manner. This requires that operational processes and systems be aligned and skillfully managed to successfully feed downstream reporting applications and produce credible investor reports. Clearer reporting and increased transparency enables a higher quality and more satisfying client interactions, and directly contributes to the productivity of client-facing staff in both the front and back office.
The role of technology.
Technology is essential in helping to optimize operations and increase productivity. The strategic deployment of technology allows investment firms to manage complexity, increase efficiency, and reduce costs and operational risk. Technology also enables investment firms to respond to changing business and regulatory requirements such as Dodd-Frank Act, UCITS and MiFID. In TowerGroup’s report on the Top 10 Technology Initiatives for 2011, it is predicted that the areas that will see the most technology investment in 2011 will be risk management, compliance, data management, analytics, and reporting.

</doc>
<doc id="31009523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009523" title="Savska Ves">
Savska Ves

Savska Ves () is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.
The village is part of the wider area of Čakovec, the county seat of Međimurje County. It is located next to the southern limits of the city, around 2 kilometres from its centre. It is also connected with the village of Strahoninec, which is a separate municipality. There are two streets in Savska Ves, one of them formed by the road that connects Čakovec with Totovec. The population of the village in the 2001 census was 1,238.
History.
It is not certain when the village was established. However, it was most likely the village listed as "Zawszkawecz" on the list of settlements in the Čakovec area in 1478.
In the 1857 census, the population of Savska Ves was 219. By the beginning of the 20th century, it grew to over 400. The village was already predominantly populated by Croats at the time. In the 1910 census, it had a population of 446. It was part of the Čakovec district () of Zala County in the Kingdom of Hungary.
In 1920, when the Treaty of Trianon was signed, the village became part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. In the 1921 census, it had a population of 493, which grew to 598 in the next census 10 years later. Between 1941 and 1945, it belonged to Hungary again, as the entire Međimurje region was annexed by the Hungarians at the time.
After World War II, the village became part of Croatia within the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. It had a population of 709 in the 1948 census. The population grew to over 1,000 by the 1980s. Following the independence of Croatia in 1991, a portion of the village was annexed to Strahoninec. Curiously, the population of Savska Ves in the 1991 and 2001 censuses was exactly the same – 1,238.

</doc>
<doc id="31009557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009557" title="Woodburn Independent">
Woodburn Independent

The Woodburn Independent is a weekly paper published in Woodburn, Oregon, United States, and also covering the cities of Hubbard, Aurora, Donald, Gervais, St. Paul and Mt. Angel, and the surrounding area of Marion County. The "Independent" was founded in 1888. It is published on Wednesdays by Pamplin Media Group and has a circulation of 3,407. In 1999, Saturday editions were added, but the bi-weekly service ceased on August 31, 2011, and reverted to Wednesday-only issues.
History.
The paper was established by Leonard H. McMahan (1866–1957). He was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives during the 1923 Legislature, and was Marion County Circuit Judge from 1924–1943. McMahan's former home in Salem is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the David McCully House. In January 2013, the paper was sold to the Pamplin Media Group along with five other papers owned by Eagle Newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="31009576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009576" title="Bel-bani">
Bel-bani

Bēl-bāni, inscribed mdEN"-ba-ni", “the Lord is the creator,” was the king of Assyria ca. 1700 BC (short chronology) and was the first ruler of what was later to be called the dynasty of the Adasides. His reign marks the inauguration of a new historical phase following the turmoil of the competing claims of the seven usurpers who preceded him. He was the 48th king to appear on the Assyrian King List and reigned for ten years.
Biography.
He was the son of Adasi, the last of the seven monarchs who were “sons of nobody,” i.e. unrelated to previous kings, and who had competed for the throne over a period of six years. He was to be revered by later monarchs, notably Esarhaddon (681 – 669 BC) but also his second and third sons Šamaš-šumu-ukin and Aššur-bāni-apli, for restoring stability and founding a dynasty which endured and where he assumed semi-mythical status as their ancestor figure. Esarhaddon described himself as "a lasting offspring ("liplippi dārû") of Belu-bani the son of Adasi, precious scion of Baltil ("pir'i" BAL.TIL "sûquru")." Baltil, the “city of wisdom,” was the name of the ancient precincts of the god Aššur in the innermost part of the city of Aššur.
He was succeeded by Libaia, which the Assyrian King List gives as his son, although Landsberger has suggested that he was in fact his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="31009580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009580" title="Town and Country Magazine">
Town and Country Magazine

Town and Country Magazine was an 18th-century London-based publication that featured tales of scandals and affairs between members of London's upper classes. 
History.
"Town and Country Magazine" was founded by Alexander Hamilton in 1769. It gained the name "Town and Country" because Hamilton had two offices, one in urban Clerkenwell and one in a rural area near Highgate. In the 1770s there was a dramatic increase in suits brought by men and their wives' lovers in England. Many people became eager to read transcripts of Adultery trials, seeing them as a form of soft-core pornography. "Town and Country Magazine" capitalised on the public's interest by running stories on the topic. The initial issues often made political points, but this focus was lost over time. By 1771 "Town and Country Magazine" claimed monthly sales of 12,000 copies, although some scholars argue that the actual number was significantly fewer. Prominent contributors included Thomas Chatterton and Thomas Holcroft. "Town and Country Magazine" was published until 1796 when it folded.
It has been credited with inspiring later papers, including "The Satirist". The opening scene of the original production of "The School for Scandal" mentions "Town and Country Magazine", which was the only publication mentioned by name in the play.
Content.
"Town and Country Magazine" was more upscale than many of its competitors, who focused on prostitutes and brothels. It printed stories about members of many different professions, although the most common subjects were "aristocratic rakes and their kept women". "Town and Country Magazine" featured what were known as Tête-à-Tête articles that detailed illicit meetings between members of society. The articles always featured oval miniature portraits of the subjects of the articles. While portions of the names of the involved parties were often partially redacted, it frequently was easy for readers to deduce their identities. Some of the stories that were published were fictional, but most were inspired by actual events. 

</doc>
<doc id="31009595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009595" title="Algeria national futsal team">
Algeria national futsal team

The Algeria national futsal team is controlled by the Fédération Algérienne de Football, the governing body for futsal in Algeria and represents the country in international futsal competitions.
Current squad.
As of 02/11/2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="31009599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009599" title="Lulwa">
Lulwa

Lulwa (لولوة) is an Arabic given name for females. It is derived from the word "lu’lú’a", meaning "pearl". People named Lulwa include:

</doc>
<doc id="31009614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009614" title="Shalim-ahum">
Shalim-ahum

Šalim-ahum was the earliest independent ruler of the city-state of Assur to be attested in a contemporary inscription. The Assyrian Kinglist records his name as "Šallim-aḫḫe", inscribed "šal-lim-"PAB-MEŠ, meaning “keep the brothers safe,” and he appears amongst the six kings “whose eponyms are not found,” referring to the eponym dating system used to give year-names and conveying the meaning that the length of his reign was unknown. He reigned sometime around 1900 BC (short chronology).
Biography.
He was the son of Puzur-Ashur I. Carved in curious archaic character mirror-writing in old Assyrian on an alabaster block found during the German excavations at Kalat-Sherkat under Walter Andrae, the sole exemplar of his contemporary inscriptions records that the god Ashur “requested of him” the construction of a temple and that he had “beer vats and storage area” built in the “temple area.” 
He ruled during a period when nascent Assyrian merchant firms were branching out into Anatolia to trade textiles and tin from Assur for silver. He was succeeded by his son, Ilu-šūma, as recorded in his brick and limestone inscriptions and he appears in the genealogy of his grandson, Erišum I. His name appears in an inscription of Adad-nārārī I and one of Šulmanu-ašaredu I but only in the context of references to his son, Ilu-šūma.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31009618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009618" title="Puzur-Ashur I">
Puzur-Ashur I

Puzur Aššur I was an Assyrian king who ruled circa 2025 BC. He was the first ruler of the city of Assur to bear an Akkadian name (although the earlier pastoralist kings did also) and he is thought to have been the founder of a local dynasty, as his three immediate predecessors bore names of Hurrian or, in the case of the first twelve of the “kings who lived in tents,” being shared with the genealogy of Ḫammu-rapī and the “kings whose fathers are known,” the ancestors of Šamši-Adad I, Amorite origin.
Biography.
He is only known from his place in the Assyrian Kinglist and references in the inscriptions of his descendants as there are none that are contemporary. His immediate predecessors bore distinctly Hurrian names and the dynasty he may have founded was to endure until Erišum II, was overthrown by Šamši-Adad I. The title "išši’ak aššur", vice regent of Assur, was born by his successors, in conjunction with the rank usually written in Sumerian as PA.TE.SI, meaning ÉNSI, "governor."

</doc>
<doc id="31009623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009623" title="Joel Rasmussen">
Joel Rasmussen

Joel Rasmussen (born September 14, 1970) is a Montana born filmmaker, author, and producer. He produced and co-wrote Before the Music Dies, a 2006 documentary, narrated by Forest Whitaker that examines the homogenization of the music industry. Rasmussen and the film's director, Andrew Shapter spent a year traveling across the U.S. interviewing hundreds of people in the music business. The film features interviews and performances from such musicians and groups as Doyle Bramhall II, Erykah Badu, Eric Clapton, Dave Matthews, Branford Marsalis, Elvis Costello, and Bonnie Raitt He is the CEO and Co-founder of Fantrail.
Early years.
Rasmussen attended Lewis and Clark College and graduated from the University of Montana in 2003 with a degree in Music Technology.
Personal life.
Rasmussen lives in Austin, Texas with his wife Dani and son Leif.

</doc>
<doc id="31009627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009627" title="Angola national futsal team">
Angola national futsal team

The Angola national futsal team is controlled by the Federação Angolana de Futebol, the governing body for futsal in Angola and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31009655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009655" title="Zambia national futsal team">
Zambia national futsal team

The Zambia national futsal team is controlled by the Football Association of Zambia, the governing body for futsal in Zambia and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31009663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009663" title="Controversies relating to the Six-Day War">
Controversies relating to the Six-Day War

The Six-Day War was fought between June 5 and June 10, 1967, by Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt then as the United Arab Republic (UAR), Jordan, and Syria. The war began with a large-scale surprise air strike by Israel on Egypt and ended with a major victory by Israel. A number of controversies have arisen out of the causes and conduct of the war, namely: whether Israel's action was a preemptive strike justified by the threat of an imminent attack by the Arab states or an unjustified and unprovoked attack; whether the Egyptians killed stragglers from their own forces as they returned from the defeat; whether the Israelis killed unarmed Egyptian prisoners; and the extent of foreign support given to the combatants in the war.
Preemptive strike v. unjustified attack.
Initially, both Egypt and Israel announced that they had been attacked by the other country. Gideon Rafael, the Israeli Ambassador to the UN, received a message from the Israeli foreign office: "inform immediately the President of the Sec. Co. that Israel is now engaged in repelling Egyptian land and air forces." At 3:10 am, Rafael woke ambassador Hans Tabor, the Danish President of the Security Council for June, with the news that Egyptian forces had "moved against Israel" . and that Israel was responding to a "cowardly and treacherous" attack from Egypt…" At the Security Council meeting of June 5, both Israel and Egypt claimed to be repelling an invasion by the other, and "Israeli officials – Eban and Evron – swore that Egypt had fired first".
On June 5 Egypt, supported by the USSR, charged Israel with aggression. Israel claimed that Egypt had struck first, telling the council that “in the early hours of this morning Egyptian armoured columns moved in an offensive thrust against Israel’s borders. At the same time Egyptian planes took off from airfields in Sinai and struck out towards Israel. Israeli artillery in the Gaza strip shelled the Israel villages of Kissufim, Nahal-Oz and Ein Hashelosha..." In fact, this was not the case, The US Office of Current Intelligence "...soon concluded that the Israelis – contrary to their claims – had fired first." and it is known the war started by a surprise Israeli attack against Egypt's air forces that left its ground troops vulnerable to further Israeli air strikes.
Though Israel had struck first, Israel initially claimed that it was attacked first. Later it claimed that its attack was a preemptive strike in the face of a planned invasion of Israel by the Arab countries. Israel's position is that, facing economic strangulation and the imminence of war on three fronts, with hundreds of thousands of enemy troops and hundreds of tanks massed on its borders, and given that shipping had been blockaded in the Straits of Tiran(90% of Israeli oil passed through the Straits of Tiran. ), a casus belli in itself, and especially in light of the social and economic impossibility of maintaining her civilian army call-up indefinitely, she felt she had little choice but to initiate preemptive action. According to Israeli historian and former Israeli ambassador to the United States, Michael Oren, the Arabs, "had planned the conquest of Israel and the expulsion or murder of much of it Jewish inhabitants in 1967. Some historians in more recent times state that the neighboring Arab countries had not begun any military actions against Israel to warrant an attack. Along with this view, there is a small, yet significant view that the war was an effort for Israel to expand its borders. This, according to Oren, is patently incorrect: Israel had little choice in the matter. "Preemption was the only option."
Israel's attack is often cited as an example of a preemptive attack and according to a journal published by the US State Department it is "perhaps the most cited example". One scholar has referred to Israel’s actions as an act of "interceptive self-defense." According to this view, though no single Egyptian step may have qualified as an armed attack, Egypt’s collective actions that included the closure of the Straits of Tiran, the expulsion of UN peacekeepers, the massive armed deployment along Israel’s borders and her constant saber rattling, made clear that Egypt was bent on armed attack against Israel. In 2002 radio broadcast NPR correspondent Mike Shuster stated that "prevailing view among historians is that although Israel struck first,the Israeli strike was defensive in nature."
Oren, has acknowledged that both US and Israeli intelligence indicated that troop movements in Egypt, taken by themselves, had only defensive, not offensive, purposes. However, he notes that the deployed Egyptian troops in the Sinai would move against Israel in the event that Israel undertook an invasion of Syria toward Damascus in response to repeated provocations by Syrian materiel and raids by fedayeen operating in Syrian territory. This fact was mentioned by Israeli PM Menachem Begin, who, in order to argue for an Israeli invasion of Lebanon in the 80s, reminded the Israeli Knesset that preemptive strikes were already part of Israel's history and that waiting for her enemies to choose the time of coordinated warfare is a losing policy, remarking in regards to the 1967 war that, "The Egyptian army concentrations in the Sinai approaches do not prove that Nasser was really about to attack us. (...) We decided to attack him". But, he added in that speech, the 1967 war was not an act of aggression, but of response to multiple acts of aggression designed to debilitate Israel step by step as a preliminary to outright war.
The Arab view was that it was an unjustified attack. M. A. El Kony, Permanent Representative of the United Arab Republic (Egypt),remarked at a UN session that "Israel has committed a treacherous premeditated aggression against the United Arab Republic...While we in the United Arab Republic...have declared our intention not to initiate any offensive action and have fully co-operated in the attempts that were made to relieve the tension in the area", After the war, Israeli officials admitted that Israel wasn't expecting to be attacked when it initiated hostilities against Egypt. Mordechai Bentov, an Israeli cabinet minister who attended the June 4th Cabinet meeting, called into question the idea that there was a "danger of extermination" saying that it was "invented of whole cloth and exaggerated after the fact to justify the annexation of new Arab territories." Israel received reports from the United States to the effect that Egyptian deployments were defensive and anticipatory of a possible Israeli attack, and the US assessed that if anything, it was Israel that was pressing to begin hostilities. Abba Eban, Israel's foreign minister during the war, later wrote in his autobiography that Nasser's assurances he wasn't planning to attack Israel were credible: "Nasser did not want war. He wanted victory without war." Israeli military historian Martin van Creveld has written that while the exact origins of the war may never be known, Israel's forces were "spoiling for a fight and willing to go to considerable lengths to provoke one". According to James Thuo Gathii, Israel's case did not meet the Caroline test for anticipatory self-defence, but it was the closest attack ever to the Caroline test.
However, Israel also maintains that its attacks were justified by the Egyptian closure of the Straits of Tiran, an international waterway, the closure of which constituted a casus belli under customary international law later codified in 1958 Geneva Conventions on the Law of the Sea. However, since the UAR and its Arab allies were not signatories to the 1958 Geneva Conventions, they argued that since the Gulf of Aqaba was not a waterway connecting two regions of open sea, it was not technically a strait, and therefore that it was not covered by the 1949 ICJ decision ruling that a country is required to allow passage through a strait. Moreover, the UAR disputed Israel's legal right to Eilat, which had been captured after the 1949 armistice imposed by the Security Council. The United States and the Western European nations agreed with the Israeli interpretation (although they held this opinion only in the absence of an ICJ ruling clarifying the situation). On the other hand, Egypt's position was supported by much of the third world.
Allegations of Egyptian atrocities against fellow Egyptians.
Following the war little remained of Egypt’s seven divisions deployed in Sinai. Thousands of Egyptian soldiers became stragglers and tried desperately to make their way westward toward the Suez Canal zone. Israel did not have the capacity to take them all prisoner and where possible, facilitated their movement toward the Canal where they would attempt to swim across. "However, one group (of Egyptian stragglers), as they were in mid-stream, were mown down by their own forces on the far side of the Canal with machine-guns." It has been suggested that Nasser did not want Egypt to learn of the true extent of his defeat and thus ordered the killing of survivors who tried to escape. Other Egyptian survivors were transferred to Egypt at Qantara and once on the Egyptian side of the Canal, were herded into compounds where they were surrounded by barbed wire. Winston Churchill, the grandson of the famed former British Prime Minister, notes that Egyptian soldiers who succeeded in making their way back to Egypt, never made it home and instead were kept in cantonments, “to prevent the spread of despondency among the civil population.”
Allegations that the IDF killed Egyptian prisoners.
After the war, a national debate ensued in Israel regarding allegations that soldiers killed unarmed Egyptians. A few soldiers said that they had witnessed the execution of unarmed prisoners. Gabby Bron, a journalist for "Yedioth Ahronoth", said he had witnessed the execution of five Egyptian prisoners. Michael Bar-Zohar said that he had witnessed the murder of three Egyptian POWs by a cook, and Meir Pa'il said that he knew of many instances in which soldiers had killed POWs or Arab civilians. Uri Milstein, an Israeli military historian, was reported as claiming that there were many incidents in the 1967 war in which Egyptian soldiers were killed by Israeli troops after they had raised their hands in surrender. "It was not an official policy, but there was an atmosphere that it was okay to do it," Milstein said. "Some commanders decided to do it; others refused. But everyone knew about it." Allegations that Egyptian soldiers fleeing into the desert were shot were confirmed in reports written after the war. Israeli historian and journalist Tom Segev, in his book "1967", quotes one soldier who wrote, "our soldiers were sent to scout out groups of men fleeing and shoot them. That was the order, and it was done while they were really trying to escape".
According to a "New York Times" report of September 21, 1995, the Egyptian government announced that it had discovered two shallow mass graves in the Sinai at El Arish containing the remains of 30 to 60 Egyptian prisoners allegedly shot by Israeli soldiers during the 1967 war. Israel responded by sending Eli Dayan, a Deputy Foreign Minister, to Egypt to discuss the matter. During his visit, Dayan offered compensation to the families of victims, but explained that Israel was unable to pursue those responsible owing to its 20-year statute of limitations. The Israeli Ambassador to Cairo, David Sultan, asked to be relieved of his post after the Egyptian daily "Al Shaab" said he was personally responsible for the killing of 100 Egyptian prisoners, although both the Israeli Embassy and Foreign Ministry denied the charge and said that it was not even clear that Sultan had served in the military.
Capt. Milovan Zorc and Miobor Stosic, a military liaison official, who were members of the Yugoslav Reconnaissance Battalion that formed part of the 3,400-strong UNEF deployed as a buffer between Egypt and Israel and witnessed the war, have cast doubt on claims that Israel executed Egyptian prisoners of war in the area where they were stationed. They said that if an Israeli unit had killed some 250 POWs near the Egyptian town of el-Arish, they would likely have come to know about it.
Declassified IDF documents show that on June 11, 1967, the operations branch of the general staff felt it necessary to issue new orders concerning the treatment of prisoners. The order read: "Since existing orders are contradictory, here are binding instructions. a) Soldiers and civilians who give themselves up are not to be hurt in any way. b) Soldiers and civilians who carry a weapon and do not surrender will be killed... Soldiers who are caught disobeying this order by killing prisoners will be punished severely. Make sure this order is brought to the attention of all IDF soldiers".
According to Israeli sources, 4,338 Egyptian soldiers were taken captive by IDF. 11 Israeli soldiers were taken captive by Egyptian forces. POW exchanges were completed on January 23, 1968.
Combat support.
According to George Lenczowski, as early as May 23, President Johnson secretly authorized supplying Israel by air with a variety of arms systems, even when an embargo on weapons shipments was placed on the Middle East.
Stephen Green wrote in his book that the United States sent reconnaissance aircraft to track nighttime movement of Egyptian ground forces in order to facilitate daytime Israeli air attacks that proved important for Israel's advances. Richard Parker disputes this and suggests that it is a hoax, based on the questionable testimony of a single man.
On the second day of the war, Arab state-run media reported that American and British troops were fighting on Israel's side. Radio Cairo and the government newspaper "Al-Ahram" made a number of claims, among them: that U.S. and British carrier-based aircraft flew sorties against the Egyptians; that U.S. aircraft based in Wheelus Air Base-Libya attacked Egypt; and that American spy satellites provided imagery to Israel. Mohamed Hassanein Heikal, the chief of “Al-Ahram” in the Nasserite period, repeated similar claims at Al Jazeera channel. Later, Muammar al-Gaddafi's Libyan government confirmed these claims also only to get a pretext for the coup that took place on 1 September 1969. The governments of the United States and Britain made little effort to either confirm or deny these claims. Similar reports were aired by Radio Damascus and Radio Amman. Egyptian media even said that King Hussein had personally seen radar observations showing British aircraft taking off from aircraft carriers.
Outside of the Arab world, claims of American and British military intervention were not taken seriously. Britain, the U.S. and Israel denied these allegations. On June 8, Egyptian credibility was further damaged when Israel released an audio recording to the press, which they said was a radio-telephone conversation intercepted two days earlier between Nasser and King Hussein of Jordan.
In the immediate aftermath of the war, as the extent of the Arab military defeat became apparent, Arab leaders differed on whether to continue to assert that the American military had assisted the Israeli victory. On June 9, 1967, Nasser stated in his resignation speech (his resignation was not accepted):
King Hussein, however, later denied the allegations of American military support. On June 30, he announced in New York that he was "perfectly satisfied" that "no American planes took part, or any British planes either". In September, "The New York Times" reported that Nasser had privately assured Arab leaders, gathered in Sudan to discuss the Khartoum Resolution, that his earlier claims were false.
Nonetheless, these allegations, that the Arabs were fighting the Americans and British rather than Israel alone, took hold in the Arab world. As reported by the British Representative in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, a country at odds with Egypt as a result of the Yemen war:
President Abdel Nasser's allegation ... is firmly believed by almost the whole Arab population here who listen to the radio or read the press ... Our broadcast denials are little heard and just not believed. The denials we have issued to the broadcasting service and press have not been published. Even highly educated persons basically friendly to us seem convinced that the allegations are true. Senior foreign ministry officials who received my formal written and oral denials profess to believe them but nevertheless appear skeptical. I consider that this allegation has seriously damaged our reputation in the Arab world more than anything else and has caused a wave of suspicion or feeling against us which will persist in some underlying form for the foreseeable future ... Further denials or attempts at local publicity by us will not dispel this belief and may now only exacerbate local feeling since the Arabs are understandably sensitive to their defeat with a sense of humiliation and resent self-justification by us who in their eyes helped their enemy to bring this about.
Well after the end of the war, the Egyptian government and its newspapers continued to make claims of collusion between Israel, the United Kingdom and the United States. These included a series of weekly articles in "Al-Ahram", simultaneously broadcast on Radio Cairo by Mohamed Heikal. Heikal attempted to uncover the "secrets" of the war. He presented a blend of facts, documents, and interpretations. Heikal's conclusion was clear-cut: there was a secret U.S.-Israeli collusion against Syria and Egypt.
According to Israeli historian Elie Podeh: "All post-1967 history textbooks repeated the claim that Israel launched the war with the support of Britain and the United States. The narrative also established a direct link between the 1967 war and former imperialist attempts to control the Arab world, thus portraying Israel as an imperialist stooge. The repetition of this fabricated story, with only minor variations, in all history school textbooks means that all Egyptian schoolchildren have been exposed to, and indoctrinated with, the collusion story." The following example comes from the textbook "Al-Wisam fi at-Ta'rikh":
The United States' role: Israel was not (fighting) on its own in the (1967) war. Hundreds of volunteers, pilots, and military officers with American scientific spying equipment of the most advanced type photographed the Egyptian posts for it (Israel), jammed the Egyptian defense equipment, and transmitted to it the orders of the Egyptian command.
In "Six Days of War", historian Michael Oren argues that the Arab leadership spread false claims about American involvement in order to secure Soviet support for the Arab side. After the war, as the extent of the Israeli victory became apparent to the Arab public, these claims helped deflect blame for the defeat away from Nasser and other Arab leaders. In reaction to these claims, Arab oil-producing countries announced either an oil embargo on the United States and Britain or suspended oil exports altogether.
Six Arab countries broke off diplomatic relations with the United States, and Lebanon withdrew its Ambassador. More broadly, the Six Day War hastened the process of anti-American radicalization in the Middle East, a process expressed by the growth of both leftist and religious-fundamentalist movements and their increased resort to terrorism as a weapon in their anti-American struggle. In fact, it transcended the Arab countries and spread to Iran, Pakistan and the Third World, whose delegates at the UN began adopting increasingly critical posture toward America.
A British guidance telegram to Middle East posts concluded: "The Arabs' reluctance to disbelieve all versions of the big lie springs in part from a need to believe that the Israelis could not have defeated them so thoroughly without outside assistance."
Non-combat support.
In a 1993 interview for the Johnson Presidential Library oral history archives, U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara revealed that a carrier battle group, the U.S. 6th Fleet, on a training exercise near Gibraltar was re-positioned towards the eastern Mediterranean to be able to defend Israel. The administration "thought the situation was so tense in Israel that perhaps the Syrians, fearing Israel would attack them, or the Russians supporting the Syrians might wish to redress the balance of power and might attack Israel". The Soviets learned of this deployment, which they regarded as offensive in nature, and, in a hotline message from Soviet First Secretary Alexei Kosygin, threatened the United States with war.
The Soviet Union supported its Arab allies. In May 1967, the Soviets started a surge deployment of their naval forces into the East Mediterranean. Early in the crisis they began to shadow the US and British carriers with destroyers and intelligence collecting vessels. The Soviet naval squadron in the Mediterranean was sufficiently strong to act as a major restraint on the U.S. Navy. In a 1983 interview with the "Boston Globe", McNamara said that "We damn near had war". He said Kosygin was angry that "we had turned around a carrier in the Mediterranean".
In his book "Six Days," veteran BBC journalist Jeremy Bowen claims that on June 4, 1967, the Israeli ship "Miryam" left Felixstowe with cases of machine guns, 105 mm tank shells, and armored vehicles in "the latest of many consignments of arms that had been sent secretly to Israel from British and American reserves since the crisis started" and that "Israeli transport planes had been running a 'shuttle service' in and out of RAF Waddington in Lincolnshire". Bowen claims that Harold Wilson had written to Eshkol saying that he was glad to help as long as the utmost secrecy was maintained.
The USS "Liberty" incident.
The USS Liberty incident was a friendly fire incident between Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy torpedo boats and a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, on June 8. All official investigations have concluded that the attack was a case of mistaken identity, however some reject this conclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="31009665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009665" title="32nd Young Artist Awards">
32nd Young Artist Awards

The 32nd Young Artist Awards ceremony, presented by the Young Artist Association, honored excellence of young performers between the ages of 5 to 21 in the fields of film, television, theater and music for the year 2010, and took place on March 13, 2011 at the Sportsmen's Lodge in Studio City, Los Angeles, California.
Established in 1978 by long-standing Hollywood Foreign Press Association member, Maureen Dragone, the Young Artist Association was the first organization to establish an awards ceremony specifically set to recognize and award the contributions of performers under the age of 21 in the fields of film, television, theater and music. 
Categories.
★ Bold indicates the winner in each category.
Best Performance in a Feature Film.
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Leading Young Actor.
★ Jaden Smith - "The Karate Kid" - Columbia Pictures
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Leading Young Actress.
★ Hailee Steinfeld - "True Grit" - Paramount Pictures
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Leading Young Actress Ten and Under.
★ Joey King - "Ramona and Beezus" - 20th Century Fox
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Supporting Young Actor.
★ Billy Unger - "You Again" - Touch Stone Pictures
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Supporting Young Actress.
★ (tie) Diandra Newlin - "Dreamkiller" - Deleware Pictures<br>
★ (tie) Stefanie Scott - "Flipped" - Warner Bros. Pictures
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Supporting Young Actor Ten and Under.
★ Colin Baiocchi - "Little Fockers" - Universal Pictures
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Supporting Young Actress Ten and Under.
★ Melody Choi - "Gunless" - Alliance Films
Best Performance in a Feature Film - Young Ensemble Cast.
★ "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" - Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation
Best Performance in an International Feature Film.
Best Performance in an International Feature Film - Leading Young Performer.
★ (tie) Robert Naylor - "10½" - Canada (French)<br>
★ (tie) Teymur Odushev - "The Precinct" - Azerbaijan
Best Performance in a Short Film.
Best Performance in a Short Film - Young Actor.
★ Andy Scott Harris - "Alone" - Independent
Best Performance in a Short Film - Young Actress.
★ Katlin Mastandrea - "Make Believer" - Independent
Best Performance in a Short Film - Young Actor Ten and Under.
★ Dawson Dunbar - "Little Big Kid" - Independent
Best Performance in a Short Film - Young Actress Ten and Under.
★ Kaitlin Cheung - "The Perfect Gift for Flora" - Independent
Best Performance in a TV Movie, Miniseries or Special.
Best Performance in a TV Movie, Miniseries or Special - Leading Young Actor.
★ Brennan Bailey - "The Dog Who Saved Christmas Vacation" - Stars Home Entertainment
Best Performance in a TV Movie, Miniseries or Special - Leading Young Actress.
★ Mia Ford - "Within" - Bigfoot Entertainment
Best Performance in a TV Movie, Miniseries or Special - Supporting Young Actor.
★ Cainan Wiebe - "16 Wishes" - The Disney Channel
Best Performance in a TV Movie, Miniseries or Special - Supporting Young Actress.
★ Olivia Steele-Falconer - "The Client List" - Lifetime Television
Best Performance in a TV Series.
Best Performance in a TV Series (Comedy or Drama) - Leading Young Actor.
★ Benjamin Stockham - "Sons of Tucson" - Twentieth Century Fox TV
Best Performance in a TV Series (Comedy or Drama) - Leading Young Actress.
★ Bella Thorne - "Shake It Up" - The Disney Channel
Best Performance in a TV Series (Comedy or Drama) - Supporting Young Actor.
★ Coy Stewart - "Are We There Yet?" - TBS
Best Performance in a TV Series (Comedy or Drama) - Supporting Young Actress.
★ Teala Dunn - "Are We There Yet?" - TBS
Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actor 18-21.
★ Andrew Jenkins - "Tower Prep" - The Cartoon Network
Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actress 16-21.
★ Katlin Mastandrea - "Criminal Minds" - CBS
Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actor 14-17.
★ Dylan Minnette - "Medium" - CBS
Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actor 11-13.
★ (tie) Zayne Emory - "I'm in the Band" - Disney Channel<br>
★ (tie) Aaron Refvem - ' - CBS'"
Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actress 11-15.
★ Madisen Beaty - "NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service" - CBS
Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actor Ten and Under.
★ (tie) Parker Contreras - "The Middle" - ABC<br>
★ (tie) Tucker Albrizzi - "Good Luck Charlie" - The Disney Channel
Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actress Ten and Under.
★ Samantha Bailey - "Ghost Whisperer" - CBS
Best Performance in a TV Series - Recurring Young Actor.
★ Brock Ciarlelli - "The Middle" - ABC
Best Performance in a TV Series - Recurring Young Actress 17-21.
★ Erin Sanders - "Big Time Rush" - Nickelodeon
Best Performance in a TV Series - Recurring Young Actress 11-16.
★ Isabella Murad - "Criminal Minds" - ABC
Best Performance in a TV Series - Recurring Young Actor Ten and Under.
★ Connor Gibbs - "Ghost Whisperer" - CBS
Best Performance in a TV Series - Recurring Young Actress Ten and Under.
★ Mackenzie Aladjem - "Nurse Jackie" - Showtime
Best Performance in a Daytime TV Series - Young Actor.
★ Mick Hazen - "As the World Turns" - CBS
Best Performance in a Daytime TV Series - Young Actress.
★ Lexi Ainsworth - "General Hospital" - ABC
Best Performance in a Daytime TV Series - Young Actor 12 and Under.
★ Tate Berney - "All My Children" - ABC
Best Performance in a Daytime TV Series - Young Actress Ten and Under.
★ Haley Pullos - "General Hospital" - ABC
Outstanding Young Ensemble in a TV Series.
★ "Dino Dan" - Nickelodeon
Best Performance in a Voice-Over Role.
Best Performance in a Voice-Over Role - Young Actor.
★ Regan Mizrahi - "Dora the Explorer" - Nickelodeon
Best Performance in a Voice-Over Role - Young Actress.
★ Jordan Van Vranken - "Chadam" - Warner Brothers TV
Best Performance in a DVD Film.
Best Performance in a DVD Film - Young Actor.
★ Colin Ford - "Jack and the Beanstalk" - Family Entertainment
Best Performance in a DVD Film - Young Actress.
★ Dalila Bela - "The Stranger" - Anchor Bay Entertainment
Best Performance in Live Theater.
Best Performance in Live Theater - Young Actor.
★ Alphonso Romero Jones II - "The Lion King"
Best Performance in Live Theater - Young Actress.
★ (tie) Eden Sanaa Duncan Smith - "August Wilson's Fences"<br>
★ (tie) Evie Louise Thompson - "Yellow"
Special Awards.
Most Promising International Entertainer.
★ Zulfat Gabdulin (Зульфат Габдулин), Kazan, Republic of Tatarstan – Singer / Entertainer – "Без булдырабыз!" ("We Can!")
Outstanding Instrumentalist.
★ Ethan Bortnick – Pianist / Composer / Actor / Artist
Mickey Rooney Award.
★ Mario Lopez – Actor / Entertainer Extraordinaire
Jackie Coogan Award.
Contribution to Youth Through Entertainment.
★ "Waiting for "Superman"" – Documentary – Paramount
Michael Landon Award.
★ "'"Huell Howser – "California's Gold" – PBS
Social Relations of Knowledge Institute Award.
★ Modern Marvels" – The History Channel

</doc>
<doc id="31009667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009667" title="Hallett's Bay, New Zealand">
Hallett's Bay, New Zealand

Hallett's Bay is a bay on the eastern shore of Lake Taupo, New Zealand. It was known as "Hameria", named after Samaria during missionary times, and before that "Paka". The early Māori explorer Tia built a tūāhu (ceremonial altar) to signify he occupied the land and named the cliffs Taupō-nui-a-Tia (the great cloak of Tia). This name was later given to the lake by the occupying tribes that followed.

</doc>
<doc id="31009673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009673" title="List of The Passage characters">
List of The Passage characters

The following is a catalogue of characters from the "The Passage", a series of novels by author Justin Cronin. This series currently consists of "The Passage", published in 2010, and "The Twelve", published in 2012.
Main Character.
Amy Harper Bellafonte.
aka "The Girl From Nowhere". She was the daughter of Bill Reynolds and Jeanette Bellafonte. Abandoned by her mother at age 6, she is given the final version of the virus. Shortly after being given the virus, she is rescued by Wolgast and resides with him in an abandoned summer camp in Oregon. After Wolgast supposedly dies from radiation poisoning, she resides with an unnamed family, and later an unnamed woman (both caretakers later implied to have been killed in a viral attack). She then wanders alone throughout the North American Pacific region for decades, eventually settling in the vicinity of the First Colony, in southern California. When she comes to First Colony she still looks like a teenager and has amazing healing properties. Amy only talks through her mind for a period, telepathically. She can also communicate with animals and the virals. When she does begin speaking, her behavior and communication style comes across as quirky and slightly "off" to the members of the First Colony (likely due to prolonged lack of contact with other humans). It is also known that the Twelve and Zero know of her, and seem to be searching for her. Babcock even seems to be somewhat afraid of her. It is possible she has a love for Peter, as she kisses him on the cheek at one point. Amy also only chooses to speak with him when she arrives at First Colony. (The Twelve) Amy works at an orphanage in the Texas Republic until she is overcome by severe abdominal pain. She travels with Greer to visit Carter and then to The Homeland. After her visit with Carter she appears as a fully adult woman. She poses as the leader of the insurgency in order to get close to the Twelve. At her staged execution, Amy transforms into a viral and with the help of the viral Brad Wolgast, attacks the Twelve (who number ten because Carter is not with them.)
Before Virus Characters.
Brad Wolgast.
FBI agent whose job is to procure people, mostly death row inmates, to be used as experimental subjects by the Government and/or Military agents experimenting with the virus (possibly United States Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID), the Homeland Security Agency, or the National Security Agency (NSA)). Eventually rescues Amy and flees to an abandoned summer camp in Oregon, where they wait out the end of the world. When a nuclear bomb explodes within range of Wolgast and Amy, Wolgast is believed to have died from the fallout. He is, however, shown to be a viral at the end of the book, as he embraces Amy when she calls for him to come to her. Alicia observes this from the wall, she keeps the meeting a secret to protect Amy. Wolgast has and continues to love Amy.
(The Twelve) Wolgast is revealed to be a viral under the chain of virals leading from Carter. However, he remains primarily loyal to Amy and is able to act independently even against Carter's wishes. At the climax of the book, he masquerades as Carter to appear at a gathering of the other 10 survivors of the twelve and kill them (and himself) with a bomb.
Doyle.
Wolgast's partner, who objects to Wolgast's attempts to escape with Amy initially, but eventually joins Wolgast in attempting to turn themselves in to civilian police. Doyle also helps Wolgast and Amy escape the Colorado compound. Doyle is killed by Carter in the escape.
Lacey.
Sister Lacey Antoinette Kudoto, a Sierra Leone-born nun who ends up in a convent in Memphis, Tennessee. Cares for Amy during her brief stay at the convent, and then makes a pilgrimage to the Colorado compound. Waits at the Colorado compound until Amy and Peter arrive 92 years later.
Lawrence Grey.
A sweeper who works in the Colorado compound, he is urged by Subject Zero to open the viral's cells to set them loose. Grey is a convicted pedophile, made docile with regular Depo-Provera hormone injections as part of his probation condition, and whom Zero convinces telepathically to get close enough to Zero. Zero bites Grey on the shoulder, and he is seen by Wolgast and Amy when they escape the facility stumbling through the hallways, blood pouring out of the wound. 
(The Twelve) Grey wakes up in a motel room several weeks after the escape of the virals. He is strangely rejuvenated and meets a highly distraught pregnant doctor named Lila (the ex-wife of Brad Wolgast.) They travel together until they are captured by Horace Guilder. Guilder and his staff feed off Grey's blood for almost 100 years in order to remain young. Both Grey and Lila are presumed dead after they detonate a room full of ether, though the book states simply that their fates are forever unknown.
Bernard Kittridge.
Ex-military officer with one missing leg who was famous as Last Stand in Denver based on videos he posted online as he killed virals with a sniper rifle in his fortified high rise. After the power fails he escapes and meets up with two teenagers and a mentally challenged school bus driver. He helps them and some others escape to a refugee center in Iowa. He develops a romantic attachment to one of the teens, April Donadio. When the center is overrun by virals, he and April's brother, Tim are killed. It is implied that he and April are ancestors of Alicia Donadio.
First Colony Characters.
Peter Jaxon.
Theo's younger brother, who leaves with the other First Colony members for Colorado. Son of Demetrius and Prudence Jaxon.After living in his brother's shadow his entire life, he realizes that his mother viewed him as the stronger of the two. Amy initially communicates with him telepathically until she remembers how to speak. Over the course of the book his personality darkens, his mounting responsibilities weighing heavy on his mind. He has a love for Alicia Donadio, who trusts him implicitly. He tries to infect himself with the virus in an attempt to more effectively fight off the other main virals but is stopped by Amy.
Theo Jaxon.
Peter's older brother, the one whom Michael initially confides in about the colony's failing power source. Trying to live up to his father's image, he comes to realize he does not want to be a hero but instead settle down. For a time he is unaware that Mausami is carrying his child. When he, Alicia, Peter, and Caleb flee from chasing Virals, he is taken in the mall but later found alive at the Haven compound. He escapes with the First Colony apostles to go to Colorado, but along the way decides to stay at a house with Mausami to raise their child. 
Alicia Donadio.
Nicknamed "Lish," Alicia is a tough and sometimes reckless woman who was raised by the Colonel after the events of Dark Night made her an orphan. She has an incredible aptitude for combat with a history of taking out 3 virals at once. When Amy arrives at the colony, Alicia jumps over the wall to retrieve her and bring her to safety amidst a group of bloodthirsty virals; she is later persecuted for this seeming act of bravery, as her actions result in the death of Teacher, a revered member of the colony. After this, she travels with the Apostles. Alicia is in love with Peter and his feelings are mutual, although neither recognises this explicitly until she joins the Second Expeditionary. When she is fatally wounded in the battle with Babcock's Many, Peter infects her with the virus, which makes her abnormally strong and fast, although she is unable to communicate with the virals as Amy can.
Michael Fisher.
Sara's brother, a talented technician nicknamed "Circuit" and later, "Lugnut," who often finds himself butting heads with Alicia. He decodes a radio signal sending a continuous message to bring Amy back to Colorado if anyone finds her, spurring an expedition there; Peter accompanies him. Over the course of their journey, Michael becomes noticeably braver and ends up aiding Peter in a deadly mission to kill the other virals. (The Twelve) Michael now works on oil rigs in Texas with girlfriend Lore. Peter arrives to coordinate the security of an oil convoy. When the convoy is attacked by virals from The Homeland, Michael and Lore find themselves embroiled in the liberation of The Homeland.
Sara Fisher.
Michael's sister, and a nurse. She is in love with Peter, but it is an unrequited love. She tends to Amy when she is first brought to the colony and later joins the Apostles. When they are in Las Vegas she is taken by the virals, but is rescued shortly after and is taken to the Haven. She then rejoins the journey to the Colorado compound with the rest of the Apostles, but after killing Babcock ends up heading to Roswell. At the end of the book, it is revealed that Sara is pregnant with Hollis's child. Her fate is unknown, but her journal is found at the site of the 'Roswell Massacre'.
(The Twelve) Sara is a major character in "The Twelve". She has been kidnapped and taken to The Homeland in Iowa, where she gives birth prematurely and is told that her daughter has been lost. She works in concentration camp conditions for several years until her death is faked by a resistance organization. Renamed Dani, she infiltrates the city leadership as a personal assistant / nanny and discovers that her daughter, who she named Kate but who is known as 'Eva', is still alive. At the end of the book, she, Hollis and her daughter are reunited; Sara then married Hollis.
Hollis Wilson.
Twin brother of Arlo, he rode with Theo and Peter's father on long expeditions years before and has experience beyond First Colony. When Arlo was turned, Hollis was forced to kill him in order to protect the Sanctuary. After this, he goes with the Apostles. Has a relationship with Sara and is the father of her child, Kate. He married Sara at the end of "The Twelve".
Mausami Patal.
The daughter of household Sanjay Patal and Gloria Patal. She loves Theo and carries his child but marries Galen Strauss in an attempt to make him jealous. After Theo's apparent death, she decides to leave First Colony and ends up traveling with the Apostles.
Sanjay Patal.
The head of the household in First Colony, he is one of the weaker-minded inhabitants and is the first to foreshadow Babcock's plans. As a child, Sanjay had thoughts of Babcock as well as a recurring dream. During the events of The Night of Blades and Stars, he kills Old Chou under Babcock's influence. He hates the Jaxon family and is relieved when his daughter chooses not to marry Theo. He is presumed killed or infected when the lights of First Colony were turned off.
Caleb Jones.
First found being chased by virals, Caleb travels back to First Colony, and is the one who opens the gate for Amy and Alicia. He is often called "Hightop" due to his shoes. He and Alicia have a special bond, as both of them were orphaned by the events of Dark Night. He is a talented mechanic who travels with the apostles until he meets an untimely end at the hands of Jude in Caliente, NV.
Galen Strauss.
A member of the First Colony watch, Galen experiences progressive loss of vision—he suffers from severe glaucoma, which renders him almost entirely blind. He marries Mausami. Who then gets pregnant by Theo while Galen tries to believe the baby is his. It is revealed he knows the baby is not his right before he is taken up by a viral. He is eventually revealed to have been turned into a viral and kills Mausami's dog and attacks Theo before being killed himself.
The Twelve.
Zero.
Though he is not counted among the Twelve, Zero is responsible for the original outbreak, manipulating Grey into releasing him and the other captive virals. Formerly known as Tim Fanning, he was one of the scientists on the original expedition to research the virus in Bolivia and the first to turn into a "viral." While influencing Grey, he shares his personal memories with him, many of which are sexual escapades with women. Following the outbreak, his presence is felt but never seen.
Babcock.
The main viral of the first novel, Babcock was a death row inmate convicted of murdering his own abusive mother before becoming infected. He is described as being much larger than the other virals and possesses the ability to influence weak-willed people. While on death row, it was widely whispered that he was dangerously insane and could never stop talking; as a viral he retains this unnerving quirk, never ceasing to make clicking and gurgling noises. Babcock manipulates the weaker-minded First Colony members to kill each other over a three-night period dubbed "The Night of Blades and Stars." Some of those members had been experiencing Babcock's influence since they were children but did not know it. He controls a large group of virals known as The Many as well as controlling some of the citizens of the Haven, from whom he takes human and cattle sacrifices every New Moon.
Carter.
A death row convict taken by Wolgast at the beginning of the novel. Convicted of drowning his employer, Carter is the only subject who is innocent of his crime. While human, he performed yardwork for a depressed young suburban mother who one day mistakenly suspected Carter of abusing her daughter, and during the struggle fell into and drowned in her swimming pool. After his transfer from a maximum security prison to the military compound, Carter becomes infected by the virus and kills one of the scientists as well as Richards. He tries killing Kudoto as well but Lear finds her and gives her some of the perfected virus. Following Part I, he becomes one of the Twelve and his whereabouts remain unknown. Carter is set apart from other virals in that he feels remorse for the lives he takes and does not want to harm others, though the virus makes it impossible for him to fight the ultimate urge to kill.
(The Twelve) Unable to resist the urge to kill, Carter has Wolgast lock him inside the empty hull of an oil container ship outside of Houston. He remains here through the events of the first two books imagining himself gardening at the home of the mother (Rachel Wood) while her body rises and falls through the swimming pool.
Martinez.
A famous criminal defense attorney before being caught on tape killing a police officer. (The Twelve) Unknown even during his trial was that he killed the officer to prevent him from finding in the trunk of his car the body of a woman he had killed previously. His strongest memory is of raping and strangling a waitress named "Louise". He abandons his familiar Ignacio and forces his viral descendents to die in the Sun in order to take up residence at Guilder's city in Iowa. Alicia forces him to repeat Louise's name just before killing him herself.
The Haven Characters.
Jude.
Originally a "sweep" in the Colorado military research facility, he appears in the story 94 years later as a familiar under the control of Babcock; he is presumed to be the one who interrogated Theo. He is the real leader of Babcock's followers. He has exceptional resilience, and survived having half of his face taken off. He manages to escape in the train, and when they stop at Caliente, Nevada, he surprises the group by popping out of a compartment under the engine. He ends up shooting Caleb before he is killed by Peter and Hollis.
Olson Hand.
A resident of the Haven, he is not under the control of Babcock. He recruits the First Colonists for his rebellion against Babcock, which goes awry. When his daughter, Mira, dies during the escape from the Haven, he is left unconsolable, and by the next morning, he has wandered off, seemingly in the direction of the Haven.
Mira.
Olson's daughter; at one point, she tries to seduce Michael hoping to become pregnant. While trying to get from the first car to the engine of the train during the escape attempt, she is taken by a viral.
Republic of Texas Characters.
Lucius Greer.
Major in the Army of the Republic of Texas. Assumes command of the Second Battalion of the Second Expeditionary Forces after the death of General Vorhees. Gives up command to follow Alicia, Michael, Sara, and Hollis when they leave the Second Battalion to reinforce Peter and Amy against the Many. Subsequently becomes part of the First Colony Apostles by continuing to travel with them after the battle on the mountain. (The Twelve) After returning to Texas he is imprisoned for disobeying orders. Amy frees him and they travel together to The Homeland where he plays a significant role in its liberation.
Curtis Vorhees.
A Brigadier General in the Army of the Republic of Texas. Vorhees is in command of the Second Battalion of the Second Expeditionary Force stationed at a temporary outpost in Colorado. Vorhees is the ranking officer when Peter's travelling party are captured by the nets deployed by Greer and his squad. He accommodates Peter's party as civilian guests of the Second Expeditionary Force and urges Peter to accept transport to Kerrville, a major populated town in Texas. He accepts Alicia's call to duty when she reveals herself as a sworn member of the First Expeditionary Force and sees her placed into operational rotation. Vorhees is killed in action when he directs an assault on a copper mine entrance suspected of harboring a nest of virals. (The Twelve) Vorhees was a forman at the Northern Agricultural Complex prior to his military career. During an unexpected eclipse his wife (Dee) and daughter (Siri) are killed by virals. His daughter (Nitia) is captured and taken to The Homeland.
Tifty Lamont.
Captain in the Expeditionary and a childhood friend of Curtis Vorhees. He is also the biological father of Vorhees's oldest daughter, Nitia. He leaves the expeditionary to become the head of organized crime within the Republic of Texas. (The Twelve) Peter convinces him to take part in the liberation of The Homeland. He dies at the end of "The Twelve".
The Homeland Characters.
Nina.
One of the leaders of the resistance movement. Later revealed to be Nitia Vorhees, adopted daughter of Curtis Vorhees and biological daughter of Tifty Lamont.
Lila Kyle.
Doctor and ex-wife of Brad Wolgast. At the time of the virus outbreak she is pregnant. (The Twelve) After the virus outbreak she suffers a mental breakdown, forever living in a dream world. She meets up with Lawrence Grey, who becomes protective of her despite his criminal past. She is injured in the overrun of a refugee camp where Horace Guilder was holding her and Grey gives her some of his blood to rejuvenate her but the baby is lost. Guilder manipulates her into helping him control the virals and to capture more humans for The Homeland. She seems to gain her sanity at the end of "The Twelve", and saves 'Dani' (Sara Fisher), before blowing up The Dome. She is assumed to have died in the explosion.
Horace Guilder.
Deputy Director of the Department of Special Weapons, the government agency that oversaw project Noah. (The Twelve) After the outbreak, Guilder captures Grey and Lila. He uses them to help create The Homeland. He dies at the end of "The Twelve", it is assumed because Lawrence Grey has died.
Eustace.
One of the leaders of the insurgency. Married Nina at the end of "The Twelve".

</doc>
<doc id="31009687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009687" title="G Data">
G Data

G Data Software is a collection of anti-malware solutions by G Data Software, Inc. It was founded in Bochum, Germany in 1985 with the North American subsidiary currently located in Durham, North Carolina, U. S. A. G Data is able to achieve higher detection rates than other products through the use of multiple scanning engines from Avast! and BitDefender. G Data provides several security products that are targeted at Home and Business markets.
G Data Frisk Software competes in the antivirus industry against Avira, F-Secure, Kaspersky, McAfee, Panda Security, Sophos and Symantec among others.
Features.
Some of the features that G Data's solutions support are:

</doc>
<doc id="31009706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009706" title="Zimbabwe national futsal team">
Zimbabwe national futsal team

The Zimbabwe national futsal team is controlled by the Zimbabwe Football Association, the governing body for futsal in Zimbabwe and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31009751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009751" title="Don Mann">
Don Mann

Don Mann is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1972 World Cup.
Playing career.
Mann played in the Auckland Rugby League competition for both Glenora and Ponsonby United. In 1972, while playing for Ponsonby, Mann won the Hyland Memorial Cup as best coach in the Fox Memorial and in 1973 he won the Rothville Trophy as player of the year.
He represented Auckland and between 1971 and 1974 he played in Four Test matches for the New Zealand Kiwis. This included the 1972 World Cup.
Personal life.
Mann is from a big rugby league family. One of his sons, Duane, represented both Tonga and New Zealand while another, Don Jr, is the New Zealand Warriors operations manager. Two of his nephews, George and Esau, also played international rugby league.

</doc>
<doc id="31009767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009767" title="Mohannad">
Mohannad

Mohannad (also transliterated as Mohand, Mohanad, Mohanned, Muhannad, or Muhanned, ) is a masculine Arabic given name, meaning "sword made in India". It is unrelated to Mohammad. Its name is derived from India (الهند "al-Hind") in Arabic and it was used as a weapon by Arabs in ancient times.

</doc>
<doc id="31009811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009811" title="Sturton">
Sturton

Sturton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31009832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009832" title="The Disappearance of Nora">
The Disappearance of Nora

The Disappearance of Nora is a 1993 thriller television movie, starring Veronica Hamel and directed by Joyce Chopra.
Plot.
A beautiful woman is lost in the Las Vegas desert. She did not remember who she is or how she got there, so the manager of a casino makes offers to help.

</doc>
<doc id="31009850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009850" title="Blue Remembered Earth">
Blue Remembered Earth

Blue Remembered Earth is a science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds, first published by Gollancz on 19 January 2012. It describes the efforts of two adult siblings to solve a mystery in the pseudo-utopian 2160s. The novel is the first of the "Poseidon's Children" trilogy, which follows humanity's development over many centuries, with the intention of portraying a more optimistic future than anything Reynolds had previously written. The second book in the trilogy, "On the Steel Breeze", was released on 26 September 2013.
Background.
Reynolds first announced his plans to write the "Poseidon's Children" trilogy (known at the time as the "11k" trilogy) in early 2009. He described the first novel of the series as featuring a utopian future where Africa is a leading technological power. "Blue Remembered Earth" was initially scheduled for publication in 2011, but was ultimately released in January 2012.
Plot summary.
"Blue Remembered Earth" takes place in the 2160s, at a time when humanity has repaired Earth's climate and extensively colonised the inner solar system. An omnipresent surveillance system (known as the "Mechanism") ensures that violent crime is almost unheard-of, and genetic engineering has vastly extended human lifespans. China, India and the nations of Africa are now the world's leading technological powers, although they face competition from the United Aquatic Nations, a new underwater civilisation populated by water-breathing transhumans. Almost all humans possess neural computer interfaces known as "augs", which allow them to access online information, view augmented reality displays, translate speech in real-time and operate telepresence robots. Some individuals, wishing to escape the constant surveillance of Earth's Mechanism, live in a bohemian, ungoverned "Descrutinized Zone" on the far side of the Moon.
The story focuses on Geoffrey and Sunday Akinya, a brother and sister who are members of a powerful African corporate family. Following the death of their influential grandmother Eunice, the siblings begin investigating a series of cryptic messages that Eunice left across the solar system over the previous century, during her voyages to Pythagoras Crater, Phobos, Pavonis Mons, and the Kuiper Belt. It emerges that Eunice placed herself in exile in the Winter Palace, a space station at one of the Moon's Lagrange points. It is in this station that she died, but not before initiating a mysterious research project. Facing opposition from powerful Earth authorities and even members of their own family, Geoffrey and Sunday are forced to travel to the edge of the solar system to discover Eunice's secret.
Reception.
Eric Brown of "The Guardian" gave "Blue Remembered Earth" a highly positive review, saying that "Reynolds's near-future is so brilliantly extrapolated, with original ideas fizzing off every page, that the reader is left awestruck at what further wonders await in the following volumes." Niall Harrison of "Strange Horizons" praised Reynolds' intricate worldbuilding while criticizing the thriller elements as making the plot "more functional, and less textured". Javier Martinez of the "Los Angeles Review of Books" praised the novel as "engrossing" and "deeply romantic", noting that it is "informed by an infectious sense of optimism".

</doc>
<doc id="31009872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009872" title="Gary Brown">
Gary Brown

Gary Brown may refer to:

</doc>
