<doc id="30930107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930107" title="Russian Assembly">
Russian Assembly

Russian Assembly () was Russian loyalist right-wing monarchist political group (party). Founded in Petersburg in October – November 1900, dismissed in 1917.
Leaders.
The first congress (rally) of the Russian Assembly took place on in Petersburg. It approved the rights of 120 full members of the party and elected the supreme governing body, the Board of 18 members. Prince Dmitri Petrovich Golitsyn was elected a chairman of the Council; members of the Board journalist Aleksey Suvorin and writer Sergei Syromyatnikov as his two deputies ().
Another 15 members of the first Board were:
Among those elected to the Board subsequently were

</doc>
<doc id="30930109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930109" title="Psilogramma angelika">
Psilogramma angelika

Psilogramma angelika is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Seram in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30930113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930113" title="Kevin Schaeffer">
Kevin Schaeffer

Kevin Schaeffer (born October 16, 1984) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who last played for the Las Vegas Wranglers in the ECHL. He was selected by the Nashville Predators in the 6th round (193rd overall) of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. Unsigned from the Predators from attending Boston University, Schaeffer played 100 games in the American Hockey League with the Providence Bruins, Binghamton Senators, Lake Erie Monsters and the Hartford Wolf Pack before deciding to retire and pursue other opportunities at the end of the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30930122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930122" title="Brick Church Mound and Village Site">
Brick Church Mound and Village Site

The Brick Church Mound and Village Site (40DV39) (also known as the Love Mounds and the Brick Church Pike Mound Site) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located in Nashville in Davidson County, Tennessee. It was excavated in the late nineteenth century by Frederic Ward Putnam. During excavations in the early 1970s the site produced a unique cache of ceramic figurines very similar in style to Mississippian stone statuary which are now on display at the Frank H. McClung Museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on May 7, 1973 as NRIS number 73001759 although this did not save the site from being almost totally destroyed by residential development.
Site.
Like many other sites in central Tennessee during the Mississippian period the Brick Church Pike Mounds Site was a multi-mound village with an encircling defensive palisade. The site had a large platform mound (Mound A) high and on the north south axis by on the east-west axis and several smaller mounds. On a ridge next to the mound were many stone box graves of a type found throughout the Cumberland region. Most sites during this time and in this general location were located along tributary streams of major rivers. Larger sites such as this were not drastically different from the dispersed hamlets of their hinterlands but they did offer increased protection during times of instability. While politically autonomous from each other, sites in the area still shared a material cultural with other sites in the region such as Sellars, Old Town, and Mound Bottom. Brick Church Pike Mounds was first described and excavated in 1877 by Frederic Ward Putnam and given a brief mention in the writings of William E. Myer in the early twentieth century though it is unclear if he actually visited it. After this the site remained mostly undisturbed except for farming until the latter half of the twentieth century. During the last 30 years of the twentieth century the site was almost completely destroyed, razed for the building of a residential area and the Ewing Baptist Church, although salvage archaeology did take place.
Excavations.
In 1877 a crew of 6 to 8 men led by Putnam tunneled into Mound A looking for an interior burial chamber. Upon not finding one, they then filled in their excavations and restored the shape of the mound. Putnam noted many of the features of the site when he published his findings in 1878. The site would not be professionally investigated again for almost a century. In the summer of 1969 Dr. Charle Fletcher of Vanderbilt University conducted a field school and did limited archaeological sampling at the site, although the results of his studies remain unpublished. A few years later in the summer of 1971 a local youth discovered a unique set of ceramic figurines at the site. John Dowd, a respected avocational archaeologist from Nashville, was contacted and after vising the location started the first photographically recorded excavations at the site. In the fall 1971 Mack Prichard the State of Tennessee’s first modern state archaeologist visited the site and was instrumental in getting it added to the NRHP but was not able to raise the funds need to buy and save the site form residential development. In 1983 the rest of the site not already destroyed was purchased for the purposes of building a new residential neighborhood. Over the next several years a series of salvage archaeology operations were undertaken by Robert Jolley and later the Division of Archaeology. Throughout the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s periodic excavations took place as the site was further developed, especially after changes in state law afforded Native American graves protections equal to Euro-American graves and forced the construction companies to do archaeological surveys to find possible grave sites.
Important finds.
In 1971 an unusual and unique set of ceramic figurines was discovered in the platform like ridge adjacent to Mound A. Excavations by John Dowd at the site of their discovery revealed a by clay floor from Mississippian period house that had burned down. The figurines themselves were of an adult male and adult female pair and two children of each sex, as well as pieces from additional figurines. In total, pieces of 11 whole or partial figures were discovered in the house floor. The male has an elaborate hair style which includes the beaded forelock seen on figures in Southeastern Ceremonial Complex warrior images. The figures sit in a cross-legged fashion, with their hands on their knees, similar to Mississippian stone statuary found throughout the Tennessee-Cumberland region. Dowd was eventually able to acquire the figurines from the young man who had discovered them and has loaned them to the Frank H. McClung Museum of the University of Tennessee in Knoxville, where they are on display.
Excavations throughout the 1970s by Jolley turned up many examples of Mississippian culture pottery, including two common varieties Mississippi Plain or Neelys Ferry Plain. Other finer wares were also found including examples Bell Plain, Kimmswick Fabric Impressed, Manly Punctate, Matthews Incised, a hooded water bottle fragment, one plate fragment with a grooved rim, several ceramic disks and a ceramic cylinder. Numerous examples of stone tools were found, including several hoes and a dagger of Dover chert. Excavations of a midden deposit in October 1999 produced a wealth of cultural material, including a unique perforated owl effigy rattle.

</doc>
<doc id="30930128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930128" title="2007 Copa Indonesia Final">
2007 Copa Indonesia Final

The Copa Indonesia 2007 Final was an football match which was played on Sunday, 13 January 2008. It was the 3rd final of the Piala Indonesia. The match was played at the Jakabaring Stadium in Palembang and was contested by Sriwijaya FC of Palembang and Persipura Jayapura from Papua. For Persipura this was the second appearance in the final of the Piala Indonesia tournament, after consecutive Piala Indonesia final in 2006, but failed to win title in 2006. Sriwijaya was a debutant of the final stage.
The winners entered the qualifying play-off of the 2009 AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="30930132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930132" title="Psilogramma anne">
Psilogramma anne

Psilogramma anne is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="30930146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930146" title="Psilogramma kitchingi">
Psilogramma kitchingi

Psilogramma kitchingi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="30930150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930150" title="Robert Pitcairn (antiquary)">
Robert Pitcairn (antiquary)

Robert Pitcairn (1793–1855) was a Scottish antiquary and scholar who contributed to works published by Walter Scott and the Bannatyne Club. He was the author of "Criminal Trials and other Proceedings before the High Court of Justiciary in Scotland (1829-1833)". He was head of the Edinburgh Printing and Publishing Company and secretary of the Calvin Translating Society Pitcairn was a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, and a Writer to His Majesty’s Signet, and a member of the Maitland Club.

</doc>
<doc id="30930174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930174" title="Yesterday's Dreams (album)">
Yesterday's Dreams (album)

"Yesterday's Dream" is the seventh overall and sixth studio album recorded by the Four Tops, issued by Motown Records in August 1968. The album was recorded as the main Motown songwriting/producing partnership of Holland–Dozier–Holland were leaving the label, and as a result only contains one song from them, "I'm in a Different World", which was released as a single. 
Another Motown song on the album is "Remember When", the rest are cover songs produced by Ivy Jo Hunter (the title track, "We've Got a Strong Love Our Side"), Ashford & Simpson ("Can't Seem to Get You out of My Mind") and Frank Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="30930177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930177" title="Kenny Kunene">
Kenny Kunene

Kenny Kunene (born 21 October 1970) is a South African businessman and Secretary-General of the Patriotic Alliance.
Early life.
Kenny Kunene was raised by his mother and grandparents. Kunene's mother has served as an Evangelist and faith healer. While he was growing up near Odendaalsrus his grandmother, a midwife, was the family's sole breadwinner.
Career.
Kunene attended Vista University and later became an English teacher. Kunene later turned to crime, however, and was imprisoned from 1997 to 2003 after being convicted of running a ponzi scheme. While in prison, he often organized parties among the inmates to build goodwill among his fellow inmates. After he was released he began marketing the work of former bank robber Gayton McKenzie who had since become a motivational speaker. Kunene and McKenzie then invested in a seafood distribution business. Kunene has also worked as a public relations consultant and lobbyist for mining companies. In March 2012 the Hawks (special police investigative unit) spokesman McIntosh Polela confirmed that the Hawks have done an investigation into Kunene regarding fraudulant representations to communities and potential shareholders as part of the application for mining rights by Central Rand Gold (CRG). No charges were, however, ever levelled.
Kunene was a supporter of the African National Congress until 2013 when he wrote a scathing open letter to President Jacob Zuma criticising his leadership. In July 2013, Kunene briefly joined the Economic Freedom Fighters as a high profile member of the organisation's "Central Command Team" before resigning from the organisation in August 2013.
In November 2013 Kunene became the Secretary-General of a newly formed political party, the Patriotic Alliance.
Personal life.
Kunene currently lives with his three children in Sandton, Johannesburg.
Kunene is known for his appreciation of sushi, and has been referred to in South Africa as "The Sushi King" or "Mr. Sushi".
In Media.
Kenny Kunene was the star of South African reality television show So What: Big Money, Big Dreams which aired on e.tv during 2011. In 2013 he appeared in the fourth episode of the British travel documentary television series The Moaning of Life. In April 2014, Kunene was the Roastee of Comedy Central Africa's Roast of Kenny Kunene.

</doc>
<doc id="30930185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930185" title="GIC Deoria">
GIC Deoria


</doc>
<doc id="30930189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930189" title="Psilogramma papuensis">
Psilogramma papuensis

Psilogramma papuensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from New Guinea and north-eastern Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30930192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930192" title="Orontes III">
Orontes III

Orontes III (Armenian: Երուանդ Գ, Yervand III) was King of Armenia. 
In his reign he struggled for control of the Kingdom of Sophene with king Antiochus II Theos until being defeated in 272 BC and was forced to pay a large tribute which included 300 talents of silver and 1,000 horses and mules.
Orontes III was subsequently murdered in 260 BC, whether at the instigation of King Antiochus II is not recorded.
His son, Sames, continued to rule in Sophene.
References.
Richard G. Hovannisian

</doc>
<doc id="30930206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930206" title="List of DJMax soundtracks">
List of DJMax soundtracks

Pentavision has released DJMax soundtracks featuring songs from the games in a digital and physical retail format. This is a list of these albums.
Digital audio soundtracks.
These soundtracks are being sold or have been sold in Korean digital music stores. After "Vocal Paradigm" albums others have been released as well. These albums contain various songs from the game series. Some have specific themes like concentrating only to rock or electronic genre. "Portable Legacy" and "Portable Retro" are essentially DJMax Portable original soundtrack repackaged into two separate albums which contain songs from both "L" and "R" in-game discs of DJMax Portable.
DJMax Portable 2 Vocal Paradigm 1.
"Vocal Paradigm" was the first album ever released outside influence of the games in February 5, 2007. It contains nine original songs from the DJMax Portable 2 which wasn't released at the time Vocal Paradigm came out.
Track listing
DJMax Portable 2 Vocal Paradigm 2.
"Vocal Paradigm 2" is the second album released outside the game series. It was made available in March 22, 2007 and it contains nine songs from the "DJMax Portable 2". It was released eight days before DJMax Portable 2 which was released March 30, 2007.
Track listing
DJMax ROCK Tunes.
"DJMax ROCK Tunes" is Korea only music album which features rock songs from DJMax game series. It is one of the five albums released in conjunction to celebrate release of DJMax Portable 3.
Track listing
DJMax ANIPOP Tunes.
"DJMax ANIPOP Tunes" is one of the five albums released in conjunction to celebrate release of DJMax Portable 3. Anipop Tunes collects Japanese pop stylish songs from DJMax games to one record.
Track listing
DJMax ELECTRONIC Tunes.
"DJMax ELECTRONIC Tunes" is one of the five albums released in conjunction to celebrate release of DJMax Portable 3. It features songs from the various electronic sub-genres such as Melodic Trance and Electro house. It is notable that it also features DJ Keri's song "Beautiful Girl".
Track listing
DJMax EXCLUSIVE Remixes.
"DJMax EXCLUSIVE Remixes" is one of the five albums released in conjunction to celebrate release of DJMax Portable 3.
Track listing
DJMax MANIAC Tunes.
"DJMax MANIAC Tunes" is one of the five albums released in conjunction to celebrate release of DJMax Portable 3.
Track listing
DJMax Portable Legacy.
DJMax Portable Legacy.
Track listing
DJMax Portable Retro.
DJMax Portable Retro.
Track listing
Physical Audio Soundtracks.
These physical soundtracks have only come bundled with the collector's editions. In some rare occasions they might have been sold separately too. Exceptionally every DJMax Trilogy package comes with the soundtrack included.

</doc>
<doc id="30930215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930215" title="Božidar Rašica">
Božidar Rašica

Božidar Rašica (1912–1992) was an architect, scenographer and painter.
Career.
Rašica was born in Ljubljana, Slovenia, to Serbian parents. He studied in Rome, Belgrade, Warsaw and finally Zagreb, where he graduated in 1942. He was one of the founding members of the Exat 51 group whose active members between 1950 and 1956 were architects Bernardo Bernardi, Zdravko Bregovac, Vjenceslav Richter and Vladimir Zaharović, and painters Vlado Kristl, Ivan Picelj and Aleksandar Srnec. From 1966 he worked as a professor at the Faculty of Architecture in Zagreb. He designed numerous residential, pavilion and school buildings. Of particular interest are the pavilions at the Zagreb International Fair and residential and business buildings in Zagreb (Savska and Vukovarska Street). He renovated the buildings of the Gavella Theatre, the Revlin fortress and the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb and in Split. He received an international architectural award in 1965 for the German Democratic Republic pavilion project. 
At the beginning of his painting career he used intimate and colouristic expression. In the 1950s he turned to pure abstract art (the Exat 51 period). At the beginning of the 1970s he returned to figurative art. The subjects of Rašica’s paintings were often the seaside settings and landscapes that surrounded him: Zagreb, Dubrovnik and its surrounding islands, Paris and the Istrian landscapes and townscapes for example, Vrsar. He designed around 50 stage sets for theatre shows, and costumes for Croatian and international theatres, including Covent Garden in London, the Rockefeller Centre in New York and Schiller Theatre in Berlin.
He participated in numerous group and solo exhibitions and projects in Croatia and abroad, and received several national and international honours and awards: for example, he was the recipient of the Vladimir Nazor Award for architecture and urbanism in 1978. He died in Zagreb, Croatia.
The Božidar Rašica Collection.
The Božidar Rašica Collection was founded in 2004 as part of the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Rijeka thanks to the donation by the artist’s wife, Vera Marsić.

</doc>
<doc id="30930238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930238" title="Erik Derycke (quiz player)">
Erik Derycke (quiz player)

Erik Derycke (born 1970) is a Belgian quiz player best known for his success with the national team and his double gold at the European Quizzing Championships (EQC) 2007 with his partner Tom Trogh.
Quiz.
He has been a national team member since 2003 when his team won the "England-Belgium interland", the precursor of the EQC. Derycke has won three European titles in 2005, 2006 and 2008, Silver in five other competitions and Bronze in 2011 with the national site.
He also won the EQC double title with national teammate Tom Trogh (also from Leuven) in 2007, and Silver in 2011. The other two national players are Ronny Swiggers and Nico Pattyn.
With his club "Clockwork" (line-up Tom Trogh, Marnix Baes, Bart Permentier) he won European Silver in 2007 and Bronze in 2010 and 2013.
His strongest subject is Culture. In individual competition he reached the 9th place three times at the World Quizzing Championships, in 2005, 2006 and 2010.
Outside quizzing.
He studied Germanic Literature, and now works as the chief editor of Belgian photography magazine "Shoot" which severely limits his time to quiz.

</doc>
<doc id="30930246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930246" title="Louis Sala-Molins">
Louis Sala-Molins

Louis Sala-Molins (born 1935) is an essayist and political philosophy professor at Paris-I and Toulouse-II universities.
He took part in UNESCO Headquarters to events dedicated to the International Day for the Abolition of Slavery (December 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="30930259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930259" title="Psilogramma argos">
Psilogramma argos

Psilogramma argos is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Western Australia, the Northern Territory and northern Queensland.
Adults have long, narrow pale grey wings, with black markings. The abdomen is grey, with no dark dorsal line.
The larvae feed on "Gyrocarpus americanus". They are green with a strong curved horn on the tail pointing backwards, a series of diagonal white stripes on the sides and dark marks on the back of each segment. Full-grown larvae are about 80 mm long. Mature larvae leave the food plant and forms a cell of silk under the soil in which pupation takes place. 
Etymology.
The species name is derived from the Greek word argos (meaning "white") referring to the pale colour of the adults.

</doc>
<doc id="30930277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930277" title="Robert Jackson Hanvey">
Robert Jackson Hanvey

Robert Jackson Hanvey, born at Blennerhasset, Cumbria, on 16 August 1899, was an English sportsman.
Robert Jackson Hanvey, or Bob as he preferred, was born at Blennerhasset Cumbria on 16 August 1899. Conscripted into the Border Regiment in 1918, he took up Rugby Union and joined the newly formed Blennerhasset ‘Reds’ in the following season. Strongly built and of fine physique, his ability as a prop forward was quickly recognised. He gained the first of his forty-seven Cumberland County caps in 1919 and with a few exceptions, through injury, continued to play until 1929. He was a member of the Cumberland County team which won the English County Championship, when they defeated Kent in 1924. In 1922, he represented the North in their annual game against the South, an honour he would repeat on five further occasions. He also played in five international trial matches. In 1923, he joined Aspatria RUFC and helped them to gain two victories in the Cumberland County Cup. The year 1926, was the pinnacle of Bob’s playing career, playing in all four of the Home international series; against Wales at Cardiff, Ireland at Dublin, and Scotland and France at Twickenham. Although tipped to play for England again in 1929, he received an injury before the final trial. Contemporary reports described him as:
After he retired from the game in 1931, he became a respected referee and handled county games in his third season; and elected to the international panel of referees in 1937. As a referee he officiated at the North versus South match at Twickenham, England versus The Rest of the World, and the English Midlands versus the New Zealand All Blacks; in addition to several international trial games. He served as Cumberland and Westmorland Rugby Union County president between 1956 and 1958, and afterwards elected one of its few life members. In 1965 he became president of Aspatria RUFC a position he held until his death on 17 October 1989. Perhaps his greatest achievement came in 1971, when he addressed the Rugby Union Centenary Congress at Cambridge University. Bob enthralled the representative’s from forty-nine countries with a memorable speech entitled: - “What the game meant to me.” Dickie Jeeps remarked at the time.
Sir William Ramsay, President of the Rugby Football Union added:-

</doc>
<doc id="30930278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930278" title="Shahin Nassirinia">
Shahin Nassirinia

Shahin Nassirinia (, born February 25, 1976 in Shiraz) is an Iranian weightlifter who won the gold medal in the Men's 85 kg weight class at the 1999 World Weightlifting Championships. He participated in the 2000 Sydney Olympics but got injured in the first attempt at Snatch lift.

</doc>
<doc id="30930295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930295" title="David Nowakowsky">
David Nowakowsky

David Nowakowsky (1848-1921) was a Russian/Ukrainian Jewish composer, choirmaster and music teacher. Along with several contemporaries, Nowakowsky integrated traditional Jewish liturgical modes with western harmonies and styles, reinvigorating music for the synagogue. He was also noted as the music director and choirmaster of the Brody Synagogue in Odessa for 50 years. His work is not well known today although he is mentioned in Ira Gershwin's song, "Tchaikovsky".
Early life.
Nowakowsky was born in Malyn in the Ukraine in 1848, part of the Machnovska. Little of his early life is known, although there are several stories that survive. At 8 he left home, apparently due to the hounding of his stepmother, to sing in a trio with a cantor in the nearby town of Smelnik. He was later orphaned and joined the choir of cantor Spitzberg in Berditchev. He also studied traditional Jewish liturgical modes with cantor Yerucham (HaKaton) Blindman, and organ, theory and counterpoint at the Conservatory in Berdychiv.
Life in Odessa.
In 1869 Nowakowsky was offered the post of assistant conductor to Nissim Blumenthal at the newly built Brody Synagogue in Odessa, and to instruct in the choir school that Blumenthal had established.
Blumenthal had experimented with the use of western songs and the German language with traditional Jewish choruses. For instance, he used Handel's "Hallelujah" chorus from "The Messiah" sung to the words of Psalm 113: “"Halleluhu: hallelu avdei adonai" ("Praise the Lord, O servants of the Lord").
Nowakowsky followed this concept but used Hebrew instead, adapting Felix Mendelssohn's Opus 91 setting of Psalm 98 for his chorus. This led to some fame for the synagogue, which was often visited by non-Jews simply to listen to the music. Their use of organ during services was soon picked up by larger synagogues, who's members were visiting Brody. 
In 1891 Pinchas Minkowsky replaced Blumenthal at Brody, and started to showcase Nowakowsky's own compositions. It was Minkowsky who first proclaimed Nowakowsky a genius, lauding the composer in his own autobiography of 1924, writing that Nowakowsky "never resorted to 'lemonade music,' with cadenzas from Italian opera, as they do in America." During his time at Brody, Nowakowsky also taught music at the Odessa Orphan Asylum as well as three other music schools, and later became a Professor of Theory and Harmony at the People's Conservatory of Odessa. 
With the opening of the pogroms in 1881, the position of the Jewish population in Odessa steadily declined. Minkowsly fled to the US in 1905, but Nowakowsky remained. Nowakowsky died on 25 July 1921, "deserted and poor", none of his major works having been published. He left five children: Leo, Solomon, Catherina, Rosa, and Dora. His wife is not recorded.
Preservation of his works.
The pogroms of the earlier years would prove minor in comparison to what was to follow under the Bolsheviks. By 1924, with the city in a state of chaos, his daughter Rosa smuggled his works to her own daughter, Sophia, who was living in Berlin. Meanwhile the Brody Synagogue was forced to closed, and converted into the town's archives.
Nowakowsky was included, in a three line entry, in the Nazi "Lexikon der Juden in der Musik". In 1937 Sophia moved 3,500 pages of Nowakowsky's papers to a relative's home in Strasbourg.
Sophia, herself a concert pianist, attempted to leave Germany, and the family moved about on travel visas. In 1939 Sophia's husband, Boris, was able to obtain Romanian passports for the family, and they moved to the French village of Collonges-sous-Salève on the Swiss border just outside of Geneva, taking Nowakowsky's papers with them.
When Vichy France was overrun in 1943, Sophia and their son Alexandre fled to Switzerland. Boris first managed to save the works by burying them at a farm near Archamps, La Ferme Chosal. According to Berg, they were placed in two ammunition cases and buried under a dung heap. 
The collection was brought to the US in 1952 when Alexandre won a scholarship to Columbia University, and found a permanent home in the Hebrew Union College School of Sacred Music in New York in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="30930308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930308" title="Tessa Cam Rowe">
Tessa Cam Rowe

Tessa Cam Rowe (born January 30, 1981) is a Filipino artist, auteur and entrepreneur. She is mostly known as being the head mistress (or "Head Nurse") of Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School Philippines, one of the hundred branches of the globally renowned Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School, founded by art model and illustrator, Molly Crabapple.
Life and career.
Tessa was born in Davao City, Philippines. She is the only daughter of business man, "Jose Cam" and wife, "Vivian". She is married to "Cliff Rowe", who is also an artist.
Her career began in late 2002 when, after graduating with a degree in Economics from the Ateneo de Davao University, she discovered her niche in the realm of digital arts. In 2003, she decided to move to Vancouver, Canada to pursue a degree in 3D Animation & Visual Effects at VFS where she wrote, produced, and directed her first animated short film. It was also there that she met the man she would marry seven years later. In 2005, she returned to the Philippines to work for a small animation studio and has been involved in the local animation and film industry to this day.
Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School Philippines.
Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School Philippines is a Philippine counterpart of Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School. It is one of over a hundred Dr. Sketchy branches all over the world, from Akron to Zagreb. Dr Sketchy's is, according to the New York Times, a "cross between a life drawing class and new-wave cabaret". Originally founded by Molly Crabapple (who has drawn for and worked with Neil Gaiman), the movement found its way to the Philippines through head nurse and branch director, Tessa Cam Rowe. 
On New Year's Day of 2011, Tessa was awarded the rights and license to open up a Dr. Sketchy branch in the Philippines. Her reason for bringing this "alternative art movement" to the country was ""To break pre-conceived notions conservative filipinos have about art, nudity and the human form, burlesque, cabaret, performance art, tattoes, piercings, and everything that is a part of self-expression and individuality; to bring out appreciation of the true filipino gift"." 
She manages Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School Philippines with her good friends "Kim Liu", "Michael Acosta", and "KittyCat Cutler", and holds regular Dr. Sketchy sessions at the "Amber Ultra Lounge", in Bonifacio Global City. Her Filipino branch has been up there with Molly Crabapple's favourite new Dr. Sketchy branches.
Notable Participants.
Since its launch in January 2011, Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School Philippines has hosted events involving the participation of well-known activist and Rhode Island School of Design graduate, Carlos Celdran for a progressive art session "Forward Manila", top model/DJ duo, Ornusa Cadness ("Day of the Loving Dead") and Mia Ayesa ("Express Delivery"); Philippine pole dancing champion and Pole Academy Philippines' very own burlesque diva, Eisa Jocson (aka Lady S.); and alternative art model, Dear Prudence.
Rowe is also known to collaborate with the Sipat Lawin Ensemble, a Philippine-based theatre ensemble known for their 'site-specific' and barrier-breaking performances.

</doc>
<doc id="30930310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930310" title="Lamezia Terme Centrale railway station">
Lamezia Terme Centrale railway station

Lamezia Terme Centrale railway station () is the main railway station serving the city and "comune" of Lamezia Terme, in the Calabria region, southern Italy. Opened in 1894, it forms part of the Battipaglia–Reggio di Calabria railway, and is also a terminus of a secondary line, the Lamezia Terme–Catanzaro Lido railway.
The station is currently managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI). Train services are operated by or on behalf of Trenitalia. Each of these companies is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned rail company.
Location.
Lamezia Terme Centrale railway station is situated at via del Mare, at the northeastern edge of the city centre.
History.
The station was opened on 15 November 1894, under its original name "Sant'Eufemia Biforcazione", together with the rest of the section of the Battipaglia–Reggio di Calabria railway between Pizzo and Gizzeria Lido (the latter then known as "Sant'Eufemia Marina"). On the same day, the first part of the line to Catanzaro Lido, extending about to Marcellinara, was also opened to traffic.
Management of the station and line was initially entrusted to the "Società per le Strade Ferrate del Mediterraneo" (English: "Company for the Railways of the Mediterranean").
The following year, on 31 July 1895, the final section of the Southern Tyrrhenian railway was completed, between Praja-Ajeta-Tortora and Gizzeria Lido ("Sant'Eufemia Marina"), via Scalea, Cetraro, Paola and Amantea. This new section of line also connected Lamezia Terme with the rest of the Tyrrhenian coast. On 31 July 1899, Catanzaro became accessible by rail from the Tyrrhenian, thus connecting "Sant'Eufemia Biforcazione" with the Jonica railway.
Between 1928 and 1935, a program of reclamation of the plain of Sant'Eufemia was initiated. It involved the construction of several houses, and a new and larger station in the locality of "Marina di Gizzeria" (then still known as "Sant'Eufemia Marina"). When the new station opened in 1935, it took the new name "Sant'Eufemia Lamezia" (instead of the previous "Sant'Eufemia Biforcazione"). In the same year, the entire Southern Tyrrhenian railway was electrified, and a locomotive depot was built on the north side of the station.
In the 1960s, the station was extended, following the construction of double track between Scalea and San Pietro a Maida and modernization of all facilities.
Finally, in 1969, after the establishment of the new town of Lamezia Terme (which brought together the "comuni" of Nicastro, Sambiase and Sant'Eufemia Lamezia), the station's name was changed again, this time to its current one. The suffix "Centrale" was added to distinguish the station from the town's other two stations, "Lamezia Terme Nicastro" and "Lamezia Terme Sambiase", respectively.
Features.
The station has seven tracks for passenger service. Each is equipped with a platform fitted with a shelter. The platforms are connected with each other by pedestrian underpasses.
The goods yard extends from the station's eastern side. 
<br clear=left>
Passenger and train movements.
The station has always played a significant role in passenger traffic for the Catanzaro branch (Lamezia Terme-Catanzaro Lido railway). It has always been a stop for all categories of trains originating and terminating in Catanzaro.
Lamezia Terme was the origin and destination of some ES Fast category trains, connecting the city with Roma Termini. These trains were operated by "Frecciargento" high-speed multiple units, but have been withdrawn.
<br clear=left>
Interchange.
The station has a bus terminus for urban buses.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at February 2011."
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30930313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930313" title="Banda (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Banda (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Banda Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the Vidhan Sabha constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Banda (constituency number 42) is one of the 8 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Sagar district. This constituency presently covers the entire Banda tehsil of the district. 
Banda is part of Damoh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Deori and Rehli in this district, Malhara in Chhatarpur district and Pathariya, Damoh, Jabera and Hatta in Damoh district.

</doc>
<doc id="30930316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930316" title="Ibrahim al-Mazini">
Ibrahim al-Mazini

Ibrahim 'Abd al-Qadir al-Mazini (August 19, 1889 or 1890 – July 12 or August 10, 1949) was an Egyptian poet, novelist, journalist, and translator.
Early life.
Al-Mazini was born in Cairo, to a well-off family, but grew up in relative poverty after his father died while he was young. He registered in 1906 at Cairo's Teacher's College, despite having no great interest in teaching; he had been unable to stomach the anatomical dissections at the medical school, and the tuition at the law school was too expensive. Nonetheless, the school contributed greatly to his literary development, since in the years prior to the founding of the Egyptian University, the Teacher's College was one of the few accessible avenues for students with literary ambitions, and its students included a number who would become prominent in Egyptian literature, including Abd Al-Rahman Shukri, who became an important influence and associate of al-Mazini's. Around the same time, al-Mazini also met Abbas al-Aqqad and Muhammad al-Sibai. Al-Mazini's first literary reviews were published in publications edited by al-Aqqad, and al-Sibai introduced him to English literature and to the classical poet Ibn al-Rumi, both of which would become major influences on al-Mazini's poetry.
Poet and critic.
Graduating from the Teacher's College in 1909, al-Mazini taught first at the Khedivial School, and then at Dar al-Ulum, from which he resigned in 1914, after possibly having been reassigned (and assigned to teach a minor subject) due to one of his critiques offending Hishmat Pasha, the Minister of Education. From 1914 to 1918 he taught at a series of private schools, sometimes the same ones as al-Aqqad. During this period, his two collections of poetry were published, one in 1913, and one in 1917. Though influential for the Egyptian revivalist poetry of the 1910s, his poetry was accused of being too heavily based on both European and classical influences, an accusation he didn't greatly dispute; and after 1917 he published very little additional poetry.
Unsatisfied with teaching, al-Mazini became a full-time journalist in 1918, writing initially for the newspaper "Wadi al-Nil" in Alexandria, and then for a series of newspapers with varying political perspectives, generally united only in being opposed to the Wafd Party. He continued to publish literary criticism, and in 1921 co-wrote the critical work "al-Diwan" with al-Aqqad, which included an attack on the conservative literary establishment represented by writers such as Mustafa Lutfi el-Manfaluti and Ahmed Shawqi. Al-Mazini, al-Aqqad, and Shurki became known as the Diwan Group, which was greatly influenced by English lyric poetry, and emphasized poetry that conveyed the poet's experience and emotion, as well as avoiding social and political commentary.
Novelist and essayist.
Al-Mazini began writing prose in the mid-1920s, and completed his first novel, "Ibrahim al-Katib" ("Ibrahim the Writer"), in 1925–26, though it didn't receive publication until 1931. Upon its publication, it was considered a landmark in Egyptian literature, "probably the first novel to depend primarily for its well-recognized fame on its artistic value", rather than for its social, political, or historical views, as was common in Egyptian literature of the time.
Despite the novel's positive reception, al-Mazini forsook novel-writing for political and narrative essay-writing from 1931 to 1943; some of his writings from this period were published in two collections, "Khuyut al-Ankabut" ("Spider Webs", 1935) and "Fi al-tariq" ("On the Road", 1937). He also during that time helped found the Egyptian Journalists Syndicate in 1941, and served as its first vice-president. The break in his novel-writing career may have been related to a plagiarism controversy, as "Ibrahim al-Katib" contained several pages from a Russian novel al-Mazini had previously translated.
In 1943, he published a sequel to "Ibrahim al-Katib", entitled "Ibrahim al-thani" ("Ibrahim the Second"), as well as three additional novels in quick succession.
Late in life, he was elected to both the Arab Academy of Damascus and Academy of the Arabic Language in Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="30930327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930327" title="Greenleaf Fisk">
Greenleaf Fisk

Greenleaf Fisk (1807–1888) was a pioneer, known as the "Father of Brownwood, Texas." When a land and water dispute necessitated a new site for Brown County's seat of Brownwood, Fisk donated the land for the new location. He was a military veteran of the Texas Revolution and was a member of the Republic of Texas House of Representatives. Fisk was a Chief Justice when he lived in Bastrop, Texas. When he relocated his family to Brown County, he became a substantial land owner and served the people in several positions of local government. In 1968, the home of Greenleaf Fisk was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark, marker number 2273. February 25, 2004, the home was put on the National Register of Historic Places, Ref # 4000103.
Early years.
Greenleaf Fisk was born in Penfield, Monroe County, New York, May 19, 1807 to Nathan Fisk and Rebecca Canfield Fisk. Many documents inaccurately report that he was born in Albany, New York. At the age of twelve, Fisk worked on a dairy farm in New Jersey.
Fisk originally intended to enter the Presbyterian ministry and enrolled in Lane's Theological Seminary in Cincinnati, Ohio. He furthered his education at Hanover College in Indiana.
Texas.
In 1834, Fisk moved to Bastrop County in the community of Mina, which eventually became the city of Bastrop. 
Fisk enlisted in the company of Mina Volunteers, 49 Bastrop County men with Captain Jesse Billingsley, under Edward Burleson. Fisk missed participation in the Battle of San Jacinto that happened on April 21, 1836, due to the news of the defeat and death of James Fannin at the Goliad massacre on March 27, 1836. Upon hearing of the massacre, Burleson ordered several of the Mina Volunteers, including Fisk, to "guard the baggage at Harrisburg." The remaining Burleson troops pressed on to San Jacinto without Fisk. In 1838, Fisk served one year as a legislator for the Third Congress Republic of Texas, became District Court Clerk in Bastrop, and in 1841 was named Chief Justice (now called County Judge) for Bastrop County.
Brown County.
Fisk became a large landholder in Brown County, eventually owning over 9,000 acres. On November 18, 1847, Fisk obtained a grant of 1,240 acres of the Huling Markus survey, Abstract 405, Patent 150, in Brown County. On December 8, 1847, Fisk obtained a grant of 4,605.50 acres of the E.D. Prewitt survey, Abstract 741, Patent 159, in Brown County. On June 7, 1848, Fisk obtained a grant of 1476.13 acres of the John Kellog survey, Abstract 578, Patent 478, in Brown County. On June 17, 1862, Fisk obtained a grant of 320 acres of the H. Upchurch survey, Abstract 925, Patent 589, in Brown County. On August 21, 1862, Fisk obtained a grant of 949.30 acres of the Taylor Smith survey, Abstract 821, Patent 63, in Brown County. On November 25, 1870, Fisk obtained a grant of 288 acres in the William S. Mitchell survey, Abstract 632, Patent 288, in Brown County. On December 1, 1877, Fisk obtained a grant of 320 acres in the Juan Armendaris survey, Abstract 1004, Patent 253, in Brown County.
In 1860, Fisk and his family moved to Brown County and constructed a log house east of what is now Brownwood. In time, Fisk would construct a home of native limestone and add a gristmill. That home has now been designated with historic markers, both state and national. Fisk wore many hats, as County Judge, Justice of the Peace, County Surveyor, District Clerk, County Clerk, County Treasurer, and teacher at Brownwood school, the county's first.
The original site of Brownwood (County seat for Brown County) was on the east of Pecan Bayou. When a dispute arose over land and water rights, settlers were forced to find a new location. Greenleaf Fisk donated sixty acres to relocate the county seat to the west side of the bayou on what is now the current site of Brownwood, and 100 additional acres for county use. The town of Brownwood was incorporated in 1884 and was named for Henry Stevenson Brown, a commander at the Battle of Velasco.
Personal life and death.
Around 1834, Fisk married Mary Ann Manlove, daughter of Bartholomew Manlove (first Mayor of Bastrop, Texas) and Arviella Perkins. Mary Ann was born in Kentucky, probably Bourbon County in 1811. She and Greenleaf had seven children together. Mary Ann died in 1853 and is buried in the Fisk-Cashion Historic Cemetery in Williamson County. Greenleaf Fisk then married Mary Ann's sister, Margaret Jane Manlove (born in 1823) on January 20, 1855 in Williamson County, Texas. Margaret died in 1855 several days following the birth of a child (this baby died about two weeks later). Both Margaret Jane and the baby are also buried in the Fisk-Cashion Cemetery in Williamson County. On May 8, 1857 in Williamson County Texas, Mary Piper Hawkins became the third wife of Greenleaf Fisk, and they had eight children together. The third Mrs. Fisk died in 1905 and is buried at Greenleaf Cemetery in Brownwood, Texas next to her husband.
Greenleaf Fisk died on January 26, 1888, and is buried at Greenleaf Cemetery in Brownwood, Texas. The day of his funeral at the First Presbyterian Church of Brownwood, the entire town shut down in his honor. Two memorial centotaphs for Greenleaf Fisk and his first wife Mary Ann Manlove can be found side by side at Texas State Cemetery. Greenleaf's memorial was dedicated by the Fisk family on April 26, 2003, whereas Mary Ann's memorial was dedicated in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30930350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930350" title="Psilogramma casuarinae">
Psilogramma casuarinae

The Australasian Privet Hawk Moth ("Psilogramma casuarinae") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from New South Wales, the Northern Territory and Queensland.
Adults have long, narrow grey wings with a darker grey wavy pattern. The abdomen is grey, with a dark dorsal line. Males can make a hissing sound by rubbing parts of its body together.
The larvae feed on "Olea europaea", "Ligustrum vulgare", "Jasminum polyanthum", "Campsis radicans", "Tecoma stans", "Lonicera japonica", "Cotoneaster" species, "Antirrhinum majus" and "Clerodendrum paniculatum". Early instars are green (although there is a brown colour morph) with a strong nearly straight horn on the tail. Later, it develops a series of diagonal white stripes on the sides. Full-grown larvae are about 80 mm long. Mature larvae leave their food plant to pupate under the surface debris of loose soil and leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="30930355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930355" title="Bagarmossen Kärrtorp BK">
Bagarmossen Kärrtorp BK

Bagarmossen Kärrtorp BK is a Swedish football club located in Bagarmossen in the Skarpnäck borough of Stockholm.
Background.
In 2011 it was announced that Bagarmossen BK and Kärrtorps BK have formed a new club named Bagarmossen Kärrtorp Bollklubb. Kärrtorps BK's youth section have joined the new club, while Kärrtorps BK's men's teams have formed a new club called Kärrtorps IK. 
Since their foundation in 1999 Bagarmossen BK participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The new club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Svealand which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Kärrtorps IP in Bagarmossen, Stockholm.
Bagarmossen Kärrtorp BK are affiliated to Stockholms Fotbollförbund.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Bagarmossen BK have competed in the following divisions:
2011 - Division 3 Norra Svealand
2010 - Division 3 Norra Svealand
2009 - Division 3 Södra Svealand
2008 - Division 3 Södra Svealand
2007 - Division 4 Stockholm Södra
2006 - Division 4 Stockholm Södra
2005 - Division 4 Stockholm Södra
2004 - Division 4 Stockholm Södra
2003 - Division 3 Östra Svealand
2002 - Division 4 Stockholm Södra
2001 - Division 4 Stockholm Södra
2000 - Division 4 Stockholm Mellersta
1999 - Division 4 Stockholm Mellersta
Attendances.
In recent seasons Bagarmossen BK have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="30930357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930357" title="Jamie xx">
Jamie xx

Jamie Smith (known by the stage name Jamie xx) is an English music producer and remix artist, who has gained fame both as a solo act and as a member of the London-based band The xx.
Career.
2005 – 2009.
Smith's musical career began in 2005 when he joined The xx accompanying old school friends Romy Madley Croft, Oliver Sim and Baria Qureshi of the Elliott School in London, notable for alumni including Hot Chip, Burial and Four Tet. He first used the stage name Jamie xx in July 2009 in a promotional mix for the band's début album "xx" released on the FACT mix series of the FACT Magazine. The mixtape was compiled by Jamie Smith and featured amongst others four tracks credited to Jamie xx - one own production and three remixes. The xx album went on to become platinum in the UK. Afterward, Jamie Smith went on to do more remix work for artists like Florence + The Machine, Adele, Jack Peñate and Glasser.
2010 – Present.
In late 2010, a Jamie xx remix of the song "NY Is Killing Me" from Gil Scott-Heron's last album "I'm New Here" aired on radio stations across the UK and Europe. The remix of "I'll Take Care Of U" followed in January 2011. Both singles drew the attention of the general public and the critics. They set the way for a 13-track remix album entitled "We're New Here", produced entirely by Jamie xx and credited to ""Gil Scott-Heron and Jamie xx"". The album was released on 21 February 2011 on the XL Records label, but a full album preview could be streamed on the website of The Guardian as early as 14 February. "We're New Here" received positive critical acclaim and was named ""masterpiece in its own right"" by BBC's Ele Beattie.
On 6 June 2011 the two-track self-produced single "Far Nearer"/"Beat For" was released. The song "Far Nearer" was selected Best New Track by Pitchfork Media, and the double A-side single charted at #128 in the UK singles chart. Later the same year, Smith produced the title track off Drake's second album, "Take Care", which features pop singer Rihanna. In addition, Smith helped create several reworks for Radiohead's song "Bloom" which were released on a remix album entitled "TKOL RMX 1234567". He also co-produced the song "When It's All Over" with Alicia Keys on her "Girl on Fire" album.

</doc>
<doc id="30930371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930371" title="Kourosh Bagheri">
Kourosh Bagheri

Kourosh Bagheri (, born September 21, 1977 in Kermanshah) is a former Iranian weightlifter who won the gold medal in the Men's 94 kg weight class at the 2001 World Weightlifting Championships.
Bagheri was also holding the Olympics Record of Snatch in 94kgs at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. 
He was the head coach of Iran's weightlifting team at London Olympics in summer 2012, that won 1 Gold, 2 Silver, and 1 Bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="30930376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930376" title="Il toro">
Il toro

Il toro (also known as "The Bull") is a 1994 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Carlo Mazzacurati.
The film entered the 51st Venice International Film Festival, where it was awarded with the Silver Lion and the Volpi Cup for best supporting actor (to Roberto Citran).

</doc>
<doc id="30930380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930380" title="James Mitchell (poker player)">
James Mitchell (poker player)

James Mitchell (born 8 April 1989) is a professional poker player from London, best known for winning the 2010 Irish Poker Open in Dublin. 
James Mitchell was born in the South-East of London and is currently living in the south-west of london.
Educated at King's College School in Wimbledon, the same school as Betfair founder Andrew Black, Mitchell started his online poker career playing £2.50 sit and go tournaments using $50 in has father's Ladbrokes account as his initial stake. In an interview with Bluff Europe magazine Mitchell revealed that he quickly built it up to $60,000 playing small buy-in tournaments and then six max cash games but then went on to lose around $45,000 in two days. Mitchell confirmed in the same interview that though unnamed, he featured in an article in the Daily Telegraph about pupils at King's College allegedly becoming addicted to Internet poker.
A regular in low stakes London Poker Meetup tournaments, Mitchell first came to national attention after finishing third behind Sam Trickett in the Luton leg of the Grosvenor UK Poker Tour on 10 August 2008 where he pocketed £45,100. Other good results on the UK poker circuit included a sixth place finish in the Dusk Till Dawn Main Event in May 2009 for £11,250 and a runner up spot at the London Poker Circuit Super Stack on 26 July 2009 for another £5,750. He followed that up with an excellent performance at the £3,000 buy-in World Heads Up Poker Championship in October 2009 at the Grosvenor Victoria Casino in London where he picked up £30,000 after finishing second to veteran Bambos Xanthos.
On 5 April 2010 Mitchell had his biggest victory to date, outlasting a field of 708 runners to take the Irish Poker Open. Mitchell beat Irishman Paul Carr heads up to take the €600,000 first prize.
Mitchell had a good run at the European Poker Tour Grand Final in Monte Carlo, winning the €1,000 No Limit Hold Em Turbo event for €42,250 and finishing 59th in the €10,000 Main Event where he won a further €25,000.
After passing his 21st birthday, Mitchell made his first trip to the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas in 2010 making the money the $2,500 No Limit Hold Em Six Handed event on 16 June. He also made the final table of the $2,500 Pot Limit Hold Em / Pot Limit Omaha event on 19 June earning $35,331.
Mitchell also took part in the 2010 World Series of Poker Europe busting out in 31st place in the £10,000 buy-in Main Event, winning £21,106.
His first tournament success of 2011 came in the €500 PLO event at EPT Deauville on 31 January where he finished fifth for €1,510. 
Mitchell, sometimes known as Mixed Bag, is also a regular cash game player at London's Grosvenor Victoria Casino.

</doc>
<doc id="30930399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930399" title="Sambahsa">
Sambahsa

Sambahsa or Sambahsa-Mundialect is an international auxiliary language (IAL) devised by French Dr. Olivier Simon.
It is based on the Proto Indo-European language (PIE), with a highly simplified grammar.
The language was first released on the Internet in July 2007; prior to that, the creator claims to have worked on it for eight years. According to one of the rare academic studies addressing recent auxiliary languages, "Sambahsa has an extensive vocabulary and a large amount of learning and reference material".
The first part of the name of the language, Sambahsa, is taken from two Malay words, "sama" and "bahsa" which mean 'same' and 'language' respectively.
Mundialect, on the other hand, is a result of combining two Romance words, "mondial" (worldwide) and "dialect" (dialect).
Sambahsa tries to preserve the original spellings of words as much as possible and this makes its orthography complex, though still kept regular. There are four grammatical cases: nominative, accusative, dative and genitive.
Sambahsa, though based on PIE, borrows a good proportion of its vocabulary from languages such as Arabic, Chinese, Indonesian, Swahili and Turkish, which belong to various other language families.
Phonology.
Sambahsa's phonology [http://sambahsa.pbworks.com/w/page/27811711/Sambahsa-pronunciation-in-English] has little to do with Proto-Indo-European phonology, though the majority of its vocabulary comes from PIE.
The changes from PIE are not regular, since the creator of Sambahsa has tried to avoid homophones, which would have become common after the elimination of some PIE sounds like laryngeals or some aspirated consonants. However, any person proficient with Proto-Indo-European roots will easily recognize them when they appear in Sambahsa.
Unlike some auxlangs like Esperanto, Sambahsa does not use the "one letter = one sound" principle, nor diacritics, but instead relies on a regular and complex system that combines the 26 letters of the basic Latin alphabet. This system was chosen to preserve the recognizability of words taken from West-European languages, where orthography plays a key role. For example, according to the rules of Sambahsa, bureau is pronounced as in French, and point as in English.
Sambahsa has nine vowels (not counting the lengthened form of these vowels), two semi-vowels (IPA: and [w) and twenty consonants. To help language learners, and because IPA symbols cannot be written with all keyboards, a special simpler system has been developed, called "Sambahsa Phonetic Transcription", or "SPT".
Compared to other conlangs, Sambahsa words are short, often as short as English words, and highly consonantic. This latter point is in accordance with the PIE background of Sambahsa, where roots have often a consonant-vocal-consonant structure.
Likewise, Sambahsa's accentuation rules are complex but regular, and tend to follow what is often found in German or Italian. This predictability implies that all words with the same orthography are pronounced and stressed the same way as each other. Thus, for example, while German Präsident and Italian presidente are stressed on the "ent" syllable, Sambahsa "president" is stressed on the "i", since "president" can also mean "they preside", and a final "ent" never bears the stress. This regularity of accentuation can be compared with English "president" and "to preside", two words that bear the stress on different syllables, though they share the same origin.
About 40 Sambahsa audio-lessons have been released by the author on YouTube as learning aids.
Declensions.
In Sambahsa, declensions are only compulsory for pronouns. The declensions of these pronouns (demonstrative/interrogative & relative/personal) are mostly parallel, and often show similarities with their Proto-Indo-European ancestors. Thus, in all Sambahsa declensions, the neuter nominative and accusative are identical, as it was the case in PIE. There are identical forms for the relative and interrogative pronouns, as well for the third person pronoun and the definitive article ("the" in English).
Sambahsa has two numbers (singular and plural; the dual number of PIE has not been preserved) and four grammatical genders : masculine, feminine, neutral and "undetermined". This last gender, which is an innovation from PIE, is used when a noun of uncertain or unknown gender is referred to, and, in the plural, for groups containing elements of different genders. The creator of Sambahsa introduced this non-PIE element to avoid the "gender" dispute found in Esperanto.
Gender is attributed in Sambahsa according to the "true nature" of the noun referred to, as English speakers do with "he", "she" and "it".
Sambahsa has four grammatical cases: nominative, accusative, dative and genitive; however, their attribution tries to be as logical as possible, and not arbitrary as in many modern Indo-European languages. The nominative is the case of the Subject, and the form under which words are given in dictionaries. Except for verbs describing a movement or a position (where the required prepositions ought to be used), all transitive verbs must introduce the accusative case in the first place, before an eventual dative case. However, the dependent clause of indirect speech is considered as a direct object, leading to verbs introducing an indirect object, even if there is no visible direct object.
Compare :
In Sambahsa, all prepositions trigger the accusative.
The genitive indicates possession, and is used after adjectives that can introduce a dependent clause.
Compare :
For substantives and adjectives, there are declined "free endings" (i.e. non-compulsory) used most often in literary context for euphonics or poetry. This system is inspired from the euphonic endings found in the Standard Arabic Language.
Conjugation.
In Sambahsa, all verbs are regular, except "ses" (to be), "habe" (to have), and "woide" (to know, in the meaning of French savoir or German wissen). Sambahsa verbs are indicated in dictionaries not under their infinitive form, but their bare stem, because the whole conjugation can be deduced from the form of this stem.
The main tenses of Sambahsa are present and
past, but many other tenses can be obtained through the use of affixes or auxiliary verbs. Sambahsa uses the following endings, which are close to those found in many Indo-European languages.
Sambahsa is surely unique among auxlangs because of its use of a predictable ablaut system for the past tense and passive past participles. For example, "eh" within a verbal stem turns to "oh". Other verbs that cannot use ablaut can drop their nasal infix, or use an improved version of the De Wahl's rules. Finally, the remaining verbs simply add the past tense endings, which are optional for verbs of the categories described above.
Therefore, this system qualifies Sambahsa as a language belonging to the Indo-European family of languages, though it remains a constructed language.
Wordstock.
Because of its rather huge vocabulary for an auxlang (as of August 2012, the full Sambahsa-English dictionary contained more than 14000 entries), it is difficult to assess the share of each language in Sambahsa's sprawling wordstock. However, the main layers are (either reconstructed or extrapolated) Indo-European vocabulary, Greco-Roman scientific and technical vocabulary (which is not discussed below, as it is more or less comparable to what is found in English) and multiple sources extending from Western Europe up to Eastern Asia.
Indo-European vocabulary.
The core of Sambahsa's vocabulary is undoubtedly of Indo-European origin. Only a few Sambahsa words can be traced back to pre-Indo-European times (as "kamwns", chamois, cf. Basque language : "ahuntz"). Many basic Sambahsa are thus very close to their reconstructed Indo-European counterparts. See (Sambahsa / Proto-Indo-European) : "eghi / *H₁eghis" (hedgehog), "ghelgh / *ghelghe-" (gland), "pehk / *pek" (to comb), "skand / *skand" (to jump), "peungst / *pn̥kʷsti-" (fist), "wobhel / *wobhel-" (weevil), "gwah / *gweH₂" (to go), "tox / *tòksom" ("yew wood" in Sambahsa; "yew" in PIE), "treb / *trêbs" (dwelling), "oit / *H₁òitos" (oath), "poti / *potis" (Sir, lord). But less attested Indo-European vocabulary is found in Sambahsa too. For example, the common Sambahsa word for "person" is "anghen", as in "semanghen" = "someone, somebody", and can be derived from PIE "?*H₂enH₁ǵh", only found in Old Armenian "anjn" (person) and Old Norse "angi" (smell). And "motic" (hoe) may be a cognate of Old Church Slavonic "motyka" and English "mattock".
Further development from the Indo-European background.
Though Sambahsa, like any other conlang, has derivation rules, it sometimes uses backformation too. For example, the relation between Lithuanian "bendras" (companion), Old Greek "pentheros" (father-in-law) and Sanskrit "bandhu-" (companion) is uncertain; however Sambahsa "reconstructs" this root as "behndwr" from "behnd" 'to bind'. PIE has "*dhéǵhom" 'earth' and "*dhinéǵh-" (with nasal infix) 'to shape, to make pottery'; accordingly, Sambahsa has "(di)ghom" and "dinegh", but the latter can be understood as "to put earth on" if we refer to "yug" (yoke) and "yuneg" (to join), both from PIE "*yugom" and "*yunég-".
The Sambahsa word for 'ice pellet' is "kersnit"; it rests on the word "kersen" 'frozen snow', itself from Old Norse "hjarn", Lithuanian "šarma" (frost) and Russian "serën". But the suffix "-it" was abstracted from PIE words like "*sepit" 'grain of wheat' and "*H₂elbit" 'grain of barley'; thus "kersnit" can be understood as 'a grain of frozen snow'.
Words common to different language families.
A characteristic of Sambahsa is to include words found in different language families, while the most famous auxiliary languages tend to limit themselves to a compilation of Romance vocabulary with some borrowings from the Germanic languages. For example:
The Balkan sprachbund.
Though they belong to different language families, the languages spoken in South-East European share a number of common grammatical features and of loanwords due to their historical background. That's why Sambahsa includes words from this region.
Words from Arabic and Parsi.
A significant part of Sambahsa's vocabulary comes from Arabic language and Persian. Both languages have extensively provided loanwords to a lexical continuum ranging from the Atlantic Ocean to Indonesia because, respectively, of the spread of Islam and the brilliance of the former Persian civilization. Sambahsa learning materials often call this stratum "Muslim".
Sinitic vocabulary.
Classical Chinese has heavily influenced the wordstock of neighbouring languages, mostly Japanese, Korean and Vietnamese. As a result, Sambahsa incorporates some "Sinitic" vocabulary, but the phonetic differences between these various languages can be high.
Not all Sambahsa "Sinitic" words come from Classical Chinese. The Min Nan language of Southern China provided loanwords to some South-East Asian languages, and some of these borrowings are, in turn, found in Sambahsa.
Sample phrases.
ID STORIA NUNTRO

</doc>
<doc id="30930409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930409" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 20)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 20)

The following is a list of episodes from the twentieth season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", which aired in late 1989 and early 1990.
Episode 1 (When Parents Go to Work).
Negri's Music Shop needs Rogers' help when the lady at the cashier must see her sick child. Negri and Rogers propose a Neighborhood of Make-Believe story in which King Friday and Queen Sara leave on Tuesday for their errands. 
Episode 2 (When Parents Go to Work).
Rogers and Mr. McFeely make treats with peanuts and peanut butter. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Prince Tuesday is still angry that his parents are running errands all the time. 
Episode 3 (When Parents Go to Work).
Wearing a lei of peanut shells as he enters, Rogers promotes reading the rest of the week. Mr. McFeely brings a video on how peanut butter is made. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Henrietta suggests that Cornflake S. Pecially's factory start a caring center for the children of the factory's workers. 
Episode 4 (When Parents Go to Work).
Rogers visits oboist Natasha at Negri's Music Shop. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe begins work in earnest on the new child-caring center at Corny's factory. 
Episode 5 (When Parents Go to Work).
Balloon Artist Bruce Franco visits Rogers' television house. He has even made a Trolley-shaped balloon. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Prince Tuesday helps those who run the child-caring center at Corny's factory. 
Episode 6 (Environment).
A major crisis has arisen in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe. Their nearby landfill at Someplace Else has reached the saturation point.
Episode 7 (Environment).
Mister Rogers and Mr. McFeely visit the neighborhood recycling center. Westwood Mayor Maggie informs that their landfill has been filled completely. 
Episode 8 (Environment).
Rogers discusses how to make artwork out of old objects. This precipitates Mr. McFeely's video, showing his visit with a spare-parts artist.
Episode 9 (Environment).
Rogers recalls the snorkeling adventure he shared with Sylvia Earle. It leaves little time for Neighborhood of Make-Believe, which needs help from two of Northwood's goats. 
Episode 10 (Environment).
Mr. McFeely brings a goat into the television house to dispel a few myths. Mrs. Dingleborder and the goats of Northwood complement each other's plans to solve the appalling garbage crisis. 
Episode 11 (Fathers and Music).
Rogers enters with a bandaged hand. He illustrates that nothing changes underneath a bandage (similar to what he did in an earlier episode). Rogers attends the Marsalis Family's rehearsals at Negri's Music Shop. 
Episode 12 (Fathers and Music).
Mr. McFeely brings materials on how adhesive bandages are made. Rogers puts one such bandage on a rag doll. That rag doll becomes the plot point in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, as King Friday and Prince Tuesday believe the doll to life.
Episode 13 (Fathers and Music).
Chuck Aber brings a guest to the television house. Joining them are two wolves. Rogers' son Jim and grandson Alex stop over. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Aber is dressed as a wolf, ready to offer a wolf costume to someone else. 
Episode 14 (Fathers and Music).
Rogers reads a book a teenage girl had made for her father. He then puts stuffing in a toy wolf for a friend. Ella Jenkins visits to perform some songs. Those in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe discuss their feelings about wolves. Daniel tells those at school that he doesn't have a musical father, like Ana and Prince Tuesday.
Episode 15 (Fathers and Music).
Rogers discusses music with Yo-Yo Ma and, when son Nicholas Ma arrives, Rogers helps perform a trio of The Skaters' Waltz. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Aberlin finds a musical father for Daniel.

</doc>
<doc id="30930422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930422" title="North Filton Platform railway station">
North Filton Platform railway station

North Filton Platform was a railway station which served the northern part of Filton, Gloucestershire, England. It was on the railway line between Filton and Avonmouth, and was situated on the western side of Gloucester Road (the present A38).
History.
The railway line between Stoke Gifford Junction and Holesmouth Junction (Avonmouth), now known as the Henbury Loop Line, was opened by the Great Western Railway (GWR) on 9 May 1910, together with the Filton West Loop (Filton Junction to Filton West Junction). Among the stations on that line which opened the same day was one originally known as "Filton Halt". It closed less than five years later, on 22 March 1915.
It was reopened either on 12 July 1926 or on 20 September 1926, and was now known as "North Filton Platform".
Regular passenger services ceased from 23 November 1964, but official closure did not occur until 12 May 1986.
Friends of Suburban Bristol Railways (FOSBR) and other local rail campaign groups support the reopening of the line to passengers, as well as the stations at and . FOSBR suggest this would help services along the Severn Beach Line, allowing a -- service, and also provide services to the north of Bristol generally, the Cribbs Causeway shopping centre, and the redevelopment at Filton Aerodrome. FOSBR say that local councils have committed to a feasibility study into reopening the line. In December 2011 a South Gloucestershire Council planning committee recommended that the station, along with Henbury station, be re-opened for passenger services.

</doc>
<doc id="30930435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930435" title="St Michael's Church, Berechurch">
St Michael's Church, Berechurch

St Michael's Church, Berechurch, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Berechurch, Essex, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the south side of Berechurch Hall Road south of the town of Colchester.
History.
St Michael's has never been a parish church, but rather a chapel of ease to Holy Trinity Church, Colchester. It is possible that a church was on the site in the 11th century, but the earliest part of the present building is the tower, which dates from the 14th century. The rest of the church was rebuilt in the late 15th century, re-using some of the earlier material. A chapel was added to the north of the church in the early 16th century, and this was completed before 1533. In 1536 Thomas Audley, the Lord Chancellor to Henry VIII, was licensed to create a separate rectory at Berechurch, and it is thought that Audley may have been responsible for building the chapel, which now bears his name. More work was done to the church in the early 17th century.
In 1872 the church was entirely rebuilt, apart from the tower and the Audley Chapel, by Charles Pertwee, re-using some of the earlier features. The south porch was added in 1878. After the Second World War, the nearby town of Colchester grew, and new housing estates were built in the area. St Michael's became too small for the congregation, and a new church dedicated to Saint Margaret was built nearby in 1968–72. The congregation moved to the new church in 1973, and St Michael's was declared redundant in 1975. The main part of the church was converted for other uses, but the Audley chapel was vested in the Churches Conservation Trust in 1981.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed in brick with stone dressings, and has tiled roofs. Around the body of the church and the chapel is decorative stone banding. Its plan consists of a nave and chancel, with a north chapel (the Audley Chapel), a south porch and a west tower. The tower is in three stages, with diagonal buttresses, a stair turret at the southeast, and an embattled parapet. There is a door and a window on the west face of the tower, and bell openings in the top stage on all sides. The windows in the nave all date from the 19th century, the window to the east of the porch being particularly large. The east window of the chancel has been re-set from the earlier church; it dates to the early 17th century and contains Perpendicular-style tracery. The chapel has a large three-light east window dating from the 16th century with brick tracery. The west wall contains a 16th-century brick doorway.
Interior.
The nave, chancel and tower have been converted for non-ecclesiastical purposes. The Audley Chapel has a hammerbeam roof with carvings that include the emblems of Henry VIII and Catherine of Aragon. Also on the roof are heraldic badges containing the arms of Audley of Walden. The chapel contains monuments, the most notable of which is to Sir Henry Audley, erected in 1648 before he died. It includes a white marble reclining effigy in armour, on a black and white chest containing the carved figures of his five children. There is also a tablet to Robert Audley who died in 1624, with memento mori motifs. There are further memorials dating from the 19th century.
External features.
The churchyard contains the war graves of an army officer and a Royal Air Force officer of World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="30930439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930439" title="Simon Scardifield">
Simon Scardifield

Simon Scardifield is a British actor and playwright, notable for his appearances in the Propellor production of "The Taming of the Shrew" (2007) and a radio adaptation of "Peter Pan in Scarlet". His writing credits include his radio adaptation of "Danton's Death" (2011). He appeared in the second episode of "What Remains".

</doc>
<doc id="30930441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930441" title="PERISCOP">
PERISCOP

The PERISCOP is a pressurized recovery device designed for retrieving deep-sea marine life at depths exceeding 2,000 metres. The device was designed by Bruce Shillito and Gerard Hamel at the Universite Pierre et Marie Curie. The name is an acronym for the French phrase "Projet d’Enceinte de Remontée Isobare Servant la Capture d’Organismes Profonds" ("Enclosure project for isobaric ascent serving to capture deep organisms").
History.
The PERISCOP is a unique pressurized recovery devices that contains three chambers – one for capture, one for recovery under exterior pressure, and one for transfer to the laboratory while maintaining pressure. Previous recovery devices used one chamber for all purposes. An arm designed to capture samples by force of suction is attached to the device. During ascent, pressure is maintained within the chamber by use of pressurized water. Upon surfacing, samples can be observed, filmed, and/or photographed through transparent view ports in the device. Due to fluctuations in atmospheric pressure and temperature recorded pressures during ascent and at the surface may ranged from 74%-111% of the natural pressure at sea depth. The device set a record for the deepest live-fish capture under pressure when it captured a "Pachycara" at 2,300 m. The previous record was 1,400 m. The capture was the first to be performed at a hydrothermal vent. The device has also recovered several shrimp species ("Mirocaris fortunata", "Chorocaris chacei", and "Rimicaris exoculata") at vent fields Lucky Strike and Rainbow.

</doc>
<doc id="30930478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930478" title="Güven Gürsoy">
Güven Gürsoy

Güven Gürsoy (born 7 February 1992) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Belediye Vanspor.

</doc>
<doc id="30930484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930484" title="Levitin effect">
Levitin effect

The Levitin effect refers to the phenomenon, first documented by Dr. Daniel J. Levitin in 1994, that people – even those without musical training – tend to remember songs in the correct key. The finding stood in contrast to the large body of laboratory literature suggesting that such details of perceptual experience are lost during the process of memory encoding. In other words, laboratory experiments supported the idea that most people are incapable of any sort of absolute pitch, and thus would remember melodies with relative pitch. Despite its status as a classic result in cognitive psychology,
the Levitin effect has just only recently (2012) been replicated for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="30930509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930509" title="Aleksandr Pavlovich Lensky">
Aleksandr Pavlovich Lensky

Aleksandr Pavlovich Lensky (Russian "Александр Павлович Ленский"; 1 (13) October 1847, Chişinău - 13 (25) October 1908, Moscow) was an Imperial Russian actor, director and theatrical educator. He was an outstanding figure of theatre under the Russian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="30930512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930512" title="Boyer's model of scholarship">
Boyer's model of scholarship

Boyer's model of scholarship is In the 1990 publication "Scholarship Reconsidered", Ernest Boyer introduced an academic model advocating expansion of the traditional definition of scholarship and research into four types of scholarship. According to Boyer, traditional research, or the scholarship of discovery, had been the center of academic life and crucial to an institution's advancement but it needed to be broadened and made more flexible to include not only the new social and environmental challenges beyond the campus but also the reality of contemporary life. His vision was to change the research mission of universities by introducing the idea that scholarship needed to be redefined.
He proposed that scholarship include these four different categories:
Boyer's model has been embraced across the academy with occasional refinement, such as specific applications for different disciplines. 
Further Readings.
Boyer, E. L. (1990). Scholarship reconsidered: Priorities of the professoriate. Princeton, N.J: Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching.
Boyer, E. L. (1996). From scholarship reconsidered to scholarship assessed. Quest, 48(2), 129-139.
Glassick, C. E. (2000). Boyer's expanded definitions of scholarship, the standards for assessing scholarship, and the elusiveness of the scholarship of teaching. Academic Medicine, 75(9), 877-880.
Klecka, Cari L. (2009). Visions for teacher educators: perspectives on the Association of Teacher Educators' standards. Rowman & Littlefield Education. p. 80. ISBN 978-1-60709-128-8.
Metzler, M. W. (1994). Scholarship reconsidered for the professoriate of 2010. Quest, 46(4), 440-455.
Stewart, Trae; Nicole Webster (2010). Problematizing Service-Learning: Critical Reflections for Development and Action. Information Age Publishing. p. 327. ISBN 978-1-61735-210-2. 
Tang, H. H. Scholarship reconsidered in an era of entrepreneurialism. Unpublished manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="30930522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930522" title="Particoloured">
Particoloured

Particoloured, particolored or parti-color – showing different, often bright, colors or tints.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30930532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930532" title="Psilogramma bartschereri">
Psilogramma bartschereri

Psilogramma bartschereri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30930543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930543" title="Psilogramma baueri">
Psilogramma baueri

Psilogramma baueri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Moluccas.

</doc>
<doc id="30930548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930548" title="Kroumata">
Kroumata

Kroumata is a Swedish percussion ensemble founded in 1978 in Stockholm. The name derives from the ancient Greek word for percussion instruments.
The ensemble tours in Sweden and internationally, also as featured soloist ensemble in front of symphony orchestras.
Kroumata has recorded more than 20 albums, most of them on the Swedish label BIS, including the first digitally recorded CD ever to be produced in Sweden in the year 1983.
Kroumata have premiered over 200 works by composers such as Sofia Gubaidulina, 
Iannis Xenakis, Sven-David Sandström, Rolf Wallin, Hanna Hartman, Giovanni Verrando, Anders Eliasson, Britta Byström, Henrik Strindberg, Askell Masson, Georg Katzer, Mats Larsson-Gothe and André Chini among others.
In addition to their regular concerts, the group also gives masterclasses and educational performances.
Members.
Former members.
Kroumatas members were formally employed within The Swedish Concert Council. Since the fall of 2008 they run their own organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="30930550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930550" title="Zurich University of Applied Sciences/ZHAW">
Zurich University of Applied Sciences/ZHAW

The Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW; ) located in the city of Winterthur, with facilities in Zurich and Wädenswil, is one of the largest University of Applied Sciences in Switzerland and is part of the Zürcher Fachhochschule.
Currently, the university has eight schools, covering architecture and civil engineering, health, linguistics, life sciences and facility management, applied psychology, social work, engineering and management and law.
History.
The Zurich University of Applied Sciences was founded in September 2007, when the previously independent institutions "Zurich University of Applied Sciences Winterthur", "University of Applied Sciences Wädenswil", the "School of Social Work" and the "School of Applied Psychology" in Zurich merged. The former Zurich University of Applied Sciences Winterthur was itself made up out of schools with long histories: the "Technikum Winterthur" was founded in 1874 as Switzerland's largest engineering school, and the "Höhere Wirtschafts- und Verwaltungsschule" was established in 1968. Both schools were the first of their kind in Switzerland.
Programmes.
A total of 26 Bachelor and 10 consecutive Master degree programmes are currently offered. The general language of courses is German (Hochdeutsch). Notably all lectures at the School of Management and Law's bachelor programme in International Management are held in English, as are courses for exchange students. Generally, there is an increasing use of English observed in many other programmes.

</doc>
<doc id="30930557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930557" title="Psilogramma choui">
Psilogramma choui

Psilogramma choui is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Zhejiang in China.

</doc>
<doc id="30930561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930561" title="Longriggend railway station">
Longriggend railway station

Longriggend railway station was a railway station serving the village of Longriggend, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. The station was part of the Slamannan Railway which amalgamated with several other local railways to form the Monkland Railways.
History.
The station opened in 1840 when the Slamannan Railway opened and closed to passengers on 1 May 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="30930563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930563" title="RWSfm 103.3">
RWSfm 103.3

RWSfm 103.3 is the community radio station for Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk and the surrounding areas offering music and local information. The station was awarded a community radio licence by Ofcom in 2010 and began broadcasting on 13 August 2010. Community Radio stations in the UK are required to provide a social gain to the community they serve. RWSfm 103.3 is one of a growing number of such community stations in the UK and currently broadcasts around 70 hours of live programming each week, including Breakfast With Banksy from 7am and Bury's Big Drive Home With Ryan McClean from 4pm.
History.
The station started out as a hospital radio station, based at the West Suffolk Hospital, in 1974. It was started by the St Edmundsbury Lions Club and broadcast under the name of Lions Radio. It was run by Lions Club members and its youth group, the “Leos”. From inception until the mid-1980s it was compulsory to be a member of the Lions Club or Leos before being able to work on the radio station. This idea was eventually abandoned and it became possible for anyone interested to join. The Lions Club retained overall control of the station until 1991 when it was decided that in the interests of both the radio station and the Lions Club, ownership and control of the station should be handed over to the team of presenters who had already been running it for some time.
The station had been operating for too long, from a tiny room in what was then the Amenities block. A new purpose built studio complex within the Drummond Centre was commissioned with new equipment, and in June 1992, the then Station Manager, Peter Owen, went on air as the very first Presenter of the brand new hospital radio station, Radio West Suffolk. The station went from strength to strength and early in 1995, studio 2 come on stream, providing essential facilities for training, off-air production work and as a “continuity” studio.
In June 2000 Radio West Suffolk began broadcasting on 1350AM, at that time only the tenth Hospital Radio station to do this in the country. In April 2002 the station moved to even bigger studios in the main hospital “Friends Room”, and the decision was also taken to upgrade the stations broadcast equipment at this point. In January 2003, RWS commenced broadcasting 24 hours a day/seven days a week via the Myriad computer playout system, that was purchased with a grant from the National Lottery. In December 2007 the launch of live streaming on the internet via the RWS website took place taking the station to a new level, worldwide broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="30930569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930569" title="Psilogramma danneri">
Psilogramma danneri

Psilogramma danneri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Uttar Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="30930580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930580" title="Psilogramma dantchenkoi">
Psilogramma dantchenkoi

Psilogramma dantchenkoi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Java in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30930584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930584" title="Psilothrix viridicoerulea">
Psilothrix viridicoerulea

Psilothrix viridicoerulea is a species of "soft-winged flower beetles" belonging to the family Melyridae, subfamily Dasytinae.
This beetle is mainly present in Belgium, Netherland, Denmark, Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece.
The adults grow up to long and are quite common in Summer on meadows, pastures, grasslands and a variety of flowers. Pronotum and elytra are punctuated and covered of black erect hairs. The colour of this beautiful insect is brilliant metallic blue-green.

</doc>
<doc id="30930587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930587" title="Psilogramma dillerorum">
Psilogramma dillerorum

Psilogramma dillerorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="30930603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930603" title="Markus Hayer">
Markus Hayer

Markus Hayer (born 18 August 1985) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent. 
Career.
Hayer played in the youth team of Bayer Leverkusen, but made his breakthrough in senior football with seven years at Germania Dattenfeld (later renamed Germania Windeck). In 2010 he signed for Kickers Offenbach of the 3. Liga, and made his debut in a surprise 3–0 win over VfL Bochum in the first round of the DFB-Pokal, as a late substitute for Olivier Occean. After two years without fully establishing himself at Offenbach, he signed for 1. FC Saarbrücken in July 2012. He was released by Saarbrücken in January 2014, after an injury-hit eighteen months with the club, and returned to his first club, signing for Bayer Leverkusen II. He left Leverkusen for a second time when the club disbanded its reserve team at the end of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30930604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930604" title="Psilogramma edii">
Psilogramma edii

Psilogramma edii is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from eastern Sumatra in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30930610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930610" title="Daniel Palmer (writer)">
Daniel Palmer (writer)

Daniel James Palmer, (born May 29, 1962, Boston, Massachusetts, United States), is the author of "Delirious", a techno-thriller. He is the son of the New York Times bestseller novelist, Michael Palmer.
Education.
He graduated from Boston University with a political science major and returned to receive his MA in Mass Communication.
Writing.
Daniel began to pursue writing after the dotcom wave disrupted his previous technology career and led him to begin writing about his thoughts through short stories. He took his previous technology background and incorporated that into the themes of his thriller novels. His first, "Delirious", follows the downfall of an electronic guru, Charlie, whose own GPS invention unravels a murder trail. Like "Delirious", Palmer’s upcoming novels expose and create fear of the hidden dangers of today’s popular technology.
Daniel has co-written two short stories with his father, Michael Palmer, both for International Thriller Writers publications. The first story, "Disfigured" appeared in Thriller: Stories to Keep You Up at Night, edited by James Patterson. His second collaboration, "The Dead Club", was published in the First Thrills Anthology edited by Lee Child.
Music.
Daniel taught himself to play guitar and performed in the Boston club scene with various bands for several years. Daniel has recorded two albums: "Alien Love Songs" (2000) and "Home Sweet Home" (2007), both of which were produced by Don DiLego of Velvet Elk Studios. Daniel’s music style is influenced by both Americana and classic rock traditions. Retail clothing giant, J.Crew, licensed Daniel’s song “Perfect Place to Be” for commercial use.

</doc>
<doc id="30930622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930622" title="Leon Benzaquen">
Leon Benzaquen

Leon Benzaquen (Tangier, 31 December 1928 – May 1977) was a Jewish-Moroccan doctor who became the personal doctor for King Mohammed V of Morocco, and the first Jewish-Moroccan minister after Morocco received its independence in 1956, in its first independent kingdom and government. He was first appointed as telegraph and Communications minister and later minister of Health, a post occupied by Benzaquen until 1958. 
When Morocco received its independence in 1956, the Jewish community held quite a few respectable political positions, including three parliamentarian seats and one cabinet post as mail and telegraph minister. Upon receiving its independence in 1956, the Sultan insisted upon the appointment of Leon Benzaquen, while the Jewish community was unable to reach a consensus on whom to send as a representative to the cabinet. coincident with his appointment Benzaquen expressed his favor opinion on the Jewish right to immigrate, pending it will not include pressure or propaganda. The problem at the time was the objection of various forces in Morocco to a mass Jewish immigration that will play into the hands of the Jewish Agency for Israel, however the right to immigrate was in fact recognized on an individual basis. He also claimed that Morocco and Tunisia may play a role in mediating between the Arab states and Israel, and that despite not being able to express their opinion in public, the Moroccan leaders do not sense any sympathy towards Gamal Abdel Nasser or other Arab dictators in the middle east. 
The prevailing view is that Benzaquen remained neutral during the Morocco's struggle for independence, due to an internal Jewish struggle among Jewish-Moroccan modernists, graduates of AIU, Zionists, and traditionalists (In 1944, he refused to sign the first Independence Manifesto of the ""Istiqlal"" group, who opposed the occupation but also the kingdom).
Despite this gesture of good will towards the Jewish-Moroccan community, in appointing Leon Benzaquen to a ministerial post, Benzaquen did not survive in occupying the post when there was a government reshuffle for the first time in Morocco since it received its independence, and Jews in Morocco were no longer appointed to the cabinet [(until the '80s).

</doc>
<doc id="30930628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930628" title="Stefano Cincotta">
Stefano Cincotta

Stefano Cincotta Giordano (born 28 February 1991) is a Guatemalan footballer who plays for German 3. Liga club Chemnitzer FC.
International career.
Cincotta's parents met in Germany. His father is Italian, while his mother (Alma Giordano) is a Guatemalan with a partial Italian descent. They went to Guatemala, where Cincotta born, and returned to Germany shortly, where he grew up. As a result, Cincotta was eligible to the national teams of Guatemala, Italy and Germany. After representing Germany at youth level, Cincotta has expressed his desire to play for Guatemala at senior level.

</doc>
<doc id="30930632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930632" title="All Eternals Deck">
All Eternals Deck

All Eternals Deck is the 13th studio album by the Mountain Goats, released on March 29, 2011 by Merge Records. "All Eternals Deck" refers to a fictional set of Tarot cards, the history and details of which are described in the album's liner notes.
Track listing.
John Darnielle revealed in a concert on October 13th 2012 at the Music Hall of Williamsburg that not only is "Rotten Stinking Mouthpiece" his 'secret favorite song', but that it is about Lon Chaney Jr. and was inspired by his movie Indestructible Man.

</doc>
<doc id="30930641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930641" title="Western Breach">
Western Breach

As its name suggests, the Western Breach is a gap, formed by lava flow,
on the western outer rim of Mount Kilimanjaro's main summit, Kibo.
The Western Breach offers one of the shortest 
climbing routes to the summit. 
The core of this route, stretching from Arrow Glacier Camp to
Crater Camp, involves several short non-exposed simple scrambling 
sections (grade I on the UIAA scale, or equivalently YDS class 2).
It was temporarily closed after a rock slide accident in January 2006
killed three people. 
Despite its moderate inherent risks, among experienced climbers 
the Western Breach is still a popular ascent route
because it is very direct and more interesting than the two 
heavily frequented standard routes on the southeast face of Kibo.
Alternatively, it is possible for trekkers on most other routes to stay one night in the Crater at the Crater Camp, allowing for extended time to explore the peak without the added risk of an assault via the Weastern Breach.
External links.
Mapping

</doc>
<doc id="30930643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930643" title="Daniel Henrich">
Daniel Henrich

Daniel Henrich (born 29 September 1991) is a German footballer who plays for FSV Frankfurt II.

</doc>
<doc id="30930644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930644" title="Electricity sector in Denmark">
Electricity sector in Denmark

The electricity sector in Denmark relies on fossil energy and new renewable energy: wind power, biogas, biomass and waste. Danish average consumption of electricity per person was 0.8 GWh less than EU 15 average in 2008. Denmark invested in the wind power development in the 1970s and has been the top wind power country of the world ever since. Danish consumption of wind turbine generated electricity is the highest in the world per person: 1,218 kWh in 2009. Denmark produced more wind power per person in Denmark in 2009 than either Spain or the UK produced nuclear power per person in their respective countries.
The Danish electricity market is a part of the Nord Pool Spot power exchange.
Consumption.
According to Nordel annual statistics Denmark's total electricity consumption totaled 36,392 TWh in 2006. Consumption increased about 3% in the period from 2001 to 2006 (in the same time-frame Sweden saw a 3% reduction, Norway a 2% reduction and Finland a 10% increase).
Production.
Mode of production.
The total installed power capacity was 12.5 GW in 2001 and in the end of 2006 12.7 GW including 9.5 GW thermal power and 3.1 GW wind power.
Denmark has almost no hydropower.
Current power system data are provided by Energinet.dk.
Producers.
Main power producing companies operating in the Danish market are Dong Energy and Vattenfall. The current market structure was designed in 2003–2006 by a number of mergers and transactions. In January 2003, DONG acquires a 64% share in the regional power company EnergiGruppen Jylland, which owned 3.1% of the electricity producer Elsam. At the same year Elsam acquired 78.8% of retail sales operator NESA and later took a full control of the company. At the same time, NESA owned 36% in other electricity producer Energy E2. In 2004, EnergiGruppen Jylland increased its stake in Elsam to 24% and on 10 December 2004 DONG and Elsam announce announced their planned merger. DONG increased its stake in Elsam to 64.7% while Swedish power producer Vattenfall had acquired a blocking stake of 35.3%.
In 2005, DONG purchased municipal utilities Københavns Energi and Frederiksberg Forsyning, including their 34% and 2.26% stakes in Energi E2. In May 2005, DONG and Vattenfall agreed split of assets in Elsam and Energi E2. Vattefall received Amager Power Station, Fyn Power Station, Nordjylland Power Station, two decentralised gas-fired plants in Zealand, a portfolio of Danish and international wind activities, and a 30% stake in a German wind development for exchange of Vattenfall's 35% stake in Elsam and 40% stake in the Avedøre 2 Power Station. The agreement and merger of DONG, Elsam, NESA, Københavns Energi, and Frederiksberg Forsyning to form Dong Energy was approved by the European Commission in 2006 and consequently came into force on 2 July 2006.
Competition.
The Danish Council decided that the Danish producer Elsam (now DONG) abused its dominant position in Denmark to raise prices in the period 2003-2006.
Transmission.
Denmark has two separated transmission systems, of which the eastern one is synchronous with Nordic (former NORDEL) and the western one with the synchronous grid of Continental Europe. The Great Belt Power Link connecting the two systems was commissioned only in July 2010 and started commercial operations in August 2010. It was inaugurated on 7 September 2010.
The Danish transmission system is owned and operated by Energinet.dk. Energinet.dk was created by a merger of power grid operators Eltra, Elkraft System and Elkraft Transmission, and by natural gas transmission system operator Gastra. The merger took place on 24 August 2005 with retrospective effect from 1 January 2005. Eltra and Elkraft were communally owned by the respective region's distribution companies. The high-voltage transmission assets were transferred to the Danish State and later to Energinet.dk at no cost. Since 1997, Elkraft and Eltra operated as fully unbundled companies from the power generating companies.
The Danish power grid is connected to Norway, Sweden and Germany having 2,510 MW and 2,870 MW of export and import capacities in 2007 respectively. The actual import and export capacities were typically 60% of the nominal capacities. Studies showed inefficient markets in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="30930647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930647" title="Psilogramma discistriga">
Psilogramma discistriga

Psilogramma discistriga is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="30930664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930664" title="Daniel Goldschmitt">
Daniel Goldschmitt

Daniel Goldschmitt (born December 22, 1989) is a German footballer who plays for Kickers Offenbach II.

</doc>
<doc id="30930666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930666" title="Simon Godwin">
Simon Godwin

Simon Godwin is an English theatre director based in London, where he is currently an Associate Director of the Royal Court Theatre and Associate Artist at Bristol Old Vic. In 2010 he was nominated for an Evening Standard Award for Best Newcomer for his direction Nick Payne's "Wanderlust" at the Royal Court Theatre in London. In 2012 he won the newly created Burberry award for an emerging theatre director at the Evening Standard Awards.
Career.
After reading English at Cambridge University, Godwin directed a production of "Romeo and Juliet" for the Cambridge Arts Theatre and the Marlowe Society. Godwin was then assistant director to Dominic Dromgoole and Tim Supple. He then co-founded Straydogs, a new theatre company, producing "Inkle and Yarico", as well as "Eurydice" at the BAC before it transferred to the Whitehall Theatre in the West End, which made it one of the youngest companies ever to have work staged in London's West End. This was followed by "All's Well That Ends Well" for a national tour.
For the West Yorkshire Playhouse Godwin directed the world premiere of "Mister Heracles" by Simon Armitage.
Godwin became Associate Director of the Royal and Derngate Theatre in Northampton in 2001 and directed seven main stage shows, including "The Seagull", "Habeas Corpus", "Relatively Speaking" and with Salisbury Playhouse, and "Quartermaine's Terms" by Simon Gray.
At the Tabard Theatre his production of "The Country" by "Martin Crimp" was well received, and in 2008 he became part of the Royal Court International Residency. At the Almeida Theatre in 2009 he directed "All The Little Things We Crushed" by Joel Horwood, followed by a critically acclaimed national tour of "The Winter's Tale" for Schtanhaus and Nuffield Theatre Southampton, in association with Headlong.
Godwin subsequently joined Bristol Old Vic as Associate Director, directing productions of "Far Away" (Caryl Churchill) and "Faith Healer" (Brian Friel). The latter was subsequently remounted in 2012 as part of the Hong Kong Arts Festival 
In 2010 he directed Nick Payne's "Wanderlust" in the upstairs theatre at Royal Court Theatre. For this he was longlisted for Evening Standard Awards Best Newcomer in 2010.
He directed his second play at the Royal Court Theatre Anya Reiss' "The Acid Test" directing Denis Lawson, Lydia Wilson, Vanessa Kirby and Phoebe Fox in Spring 2011. In April 2011, Simon became a full-time Associate Director at the Royal Court Theatre.
Simon recently directed his first production at the National Theatre, directing Anne Marie Duff in "Strange Interlude" in the Lyttelton Theatre. Simon's next project will be "The Little Mermaid" at Bristol Old Vic for Christmas 2013. Next year, he will make his debut at the RSC, directing "The Two Gentlemen of Verona" at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre.
Work.
Godwin's directing career includes:

</doc>
<doc id="30930684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930684" title="Andrei Zăgrean">
Andrei Zăgrean

Andrei Zăgrean (born 16 October 1986 in Alba Iulia) is a Romanian striker who plays for the Romanian Liga 1 club CSU Voința Sibiu, on loan from Politehnica Timişoara.
Early life.
Zăgrean was born on 16 October 1986 in Alba Iulia, Romania.
Internațional.
Zăgrean was transferred to newly promoted team Internaţional Curtea de Argeş. He made his debut on 1 November 2009 in 1-0 loss to FC Vaslui on Municipal Stadium. Zăgrean was used in all remaining matches in championship by coach Ştefan Stoica. He scored his first goal for Internațional on 13 December 2009 against Steaua Bucureşti making 2-2 on Ghencea. He was assisted by Emmanuel Koné.
Politehnica Timișoara.
Zăgrean was loaned to FC Silvania for a 6 months spell and his good results caused Politehnica Timișoara to buy him. He signed a contract on 17 January 2011 along his new-team mates Sergei Lepmets, Sorin Ghionea and Nikola Ignjatijević and he said : "I met an extraordinary group, I arrived at a club professional who knows what they want. We expected a long war for championship and we will fight to win Liga 1 to make all town and all Politehnica's fans happy ". Zăgrean made his debut for Politehnica Timișoara in 0-0 draw against arch-rivals Steaua Bucureşti. He scored his first goal against Astra Ploieşti in 2-2 draw. He score for 2-2. In-form Zăgrean scored again two goals against Sportul Studenţesc.
International career.
Zăgrean is a former Romania U-17 international who played six matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="30930686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930686" title="Psilogramma yilingae">
Psilogramma yilingae

Psilogramma yilingae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Hubei and Hunan in China.

</doc>
<doc id="30930693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930693" title="Jacobsville Finnish Lutheran Church">
Jacobsville Finnish Lutheran Church

The Jacobsville Finnish Lutheran Church is a church located near Jacobsville, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1977 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
History.
In tha late 19th century, a wave of Finnish immigrants settled in the Keweenaw Peninsula to work the mines and associated industries. Although the area that is now Jacobsville was first settled in the mid-19th century, the community proper did not coalesce until 1884, when the nearby red sandstone quarries were opened. Jacobsville was populated mostly by Finns, and by 1886, there were enough immigrants in the Jacobsville area that they organized a new congregation: the Jacobsville Finnish Lutheran church, part of the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of America. The first worship services were held in various locations; however, in 1888 the congregation built this simple frame church for their services. In 1891, the church was placed atop its stone foundation, and in 1892 a tower with bell was added to the front.
In 1952, the congregation joined the Gloria Dei Lutheran congregation of Hancock. The church itself continues to be used for services in the summer, and retains the original furnishings, kerosene lamps and wood stove. In 1975, the foundation was reinforced and the roof was reshingled; however, no other improvements to the original structure have been made. It has neither electricity nor plumbing.
Description.
The Jacobsville Finnish Lutheran Church is a one-story frame structure built in a rectangular plan. A square belltower containing the main entrance projects from the front. The exterior is covered with wooden siding covers the walls and the gable roof is covered with cedar shingles. The building sits on an 1891 stone foundation. The interior if the church is simply decorated, and many original elements remain, including kerosine lamps and the heating stove. Outhouses are located at one end of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="30930708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930708" title="Agostino Agostini">
Agostino Agostini

Agostino Agostini (died 1569) was a Renaissance era singer, composer and priest of Ferrara mostly active in the 1540s. He was a mansionary chaplain at the San Giorgio Cathedral in Ferrera, and his illegitimate son (sometimes listed as his nephew) was composer Lodovico Agostini, noted for publications of enigmatic canons.

</doc>
<doc id="30930739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930739" title="Lubbock (surname)">
Lubbock (surname)

Lubbock is a surname. Notable persons with that surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30930740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930740" title="Leach Airport">
Leach Airport

Leach Airport is a county owned, public use airport in Saguache County, Colorado, United States. It is located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) northeast of the central business district of Center, Colorado, at County Road 53 & County Road C.
Facilities and aircraft.
Leach Airport covers an area of 66 acres (27 ha) at an elevation of 7,598 feet (2,316 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 12/30 with an asphalt surface measuring 7,000 by 50 feet (2,134 x 15 m).
For the 12-month period ending September 3, 2009, the airport had 1,700 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 141 per month. At that time there were 10 aircraft based at this airport: 90% single-engine and 10% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="30930748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930748" title="Launchpad Records">
Launchpad Records

Launchpad Records are a record label which specalise in Grime music. The label's first release was with Wiley in 2010.
Notable releases.
Wiley.
Launchpad's first ever releases, were two of Wiley's grime singles given to the label by the artist in order to help start business.
Blizzard.
One of Launchpad's key focuses is 19 year old Mancunian artist Blizzard. His debut EP Sooner Than Never was released in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30930751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930751" title="2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 7">
2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 7

The seventh competition weekend of the 2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in Salt Lake City, United States, on February 18–19, 2011.
Martina Sáblíková of the Czech Republic set a new world record on the women's 5000 metres.
Schedule of events.
The timeschedule of the event stands below:

</doc>
<doc id="30930755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930755" title="Arkeia Software">
Arkeia Software

Arkeia Software is an American computer software company. It produces network backup software for 200 platforms including Windows, Macintosh, Linux, AIX, BSD and HP-UX, and also a backup appliance, integrating its software with disk storage and network connectivity. In January 2013, Western Digital Corporation announced it had acquired Arkeia Software.
History.
Originally named Knox Software, the company was founded in 1996 by three French engineers, Michel Colzi, Nordine Kherif, and Arnaud Spicht together with CEO Phil Roussel. First incorporated in San Jose, California, the company was reincorporated in France after a $4M Series-A investment in 2004 from SPEF Ventures (Banque Populaire) and Crédit Agricole Private Equity.; this was followed by a $3M Series-B investment by the same investors in 2007.
Products.
Backup software.
The firm's backup software has been released in several successive products. Its earlier product, Smart Backup (available 2005—2007) was reviewed in "Linux User and Developer" 
Its current backup product, Arkeia Network Backup software, was reviewed in various releases in "Linux Magazine", and "Linux Format" : 
In 2009 the company released the product as a system image for VMware virtual machines. In 2009 the company acquired intellectual property and engineering resources from Kadena Systems in a deal that added source-based data deduplication to the software. The technology uses a sliding window approach to identify duplicate data which checks the data stream one byte at a time until it finds blocks that match what the application has seen before. The current version, 9.0, automatically adjusts block sizes based on file type in order to maximize dedupe ratios.
Licenses for the company's products have generally been "for fee" licenses, but beginning in 1998, it has made available a limited-capability free version. The first version, Arkeia Light, was available from 1998 to 2003. The current free version, called Arkeia Network Backup Free Use Edition, is available for download on the company’s website. 
In addition, a Ubuntu 8.04 LTS repository was released as a no-cost, small-network package in 2009. .
Appliances.
The firm's backup appliance, originally called EdgeFort and now Arkeia Backup Appliance was released in 2007, and has also had several versions. It allows backup administrators to remotely manage backup operations at remote sites without sending data back to headquarters over the WAN. It was reviewed by "Storage Magazine" in 2008., in its 2008 review of the EdgeFort 100 appliance, concluded that:

</doc>
<doc id="30930775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930775" title="William Fleetwood (1603–1674)">
William Fleetwood (1603–1674)

Sir William Fleetwood (c 1603 – 12 February 1674) was an English courtier and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 and again from 1661 to 1674.
Fleetwood was the son of Sir Miles Fleetwood of Aldwinkle, Northamptonshire, and of Anne, daughter of Nicholas Luke of Woodend, Bedfordshire and was baptised at Cardington, Bedfordshire on 20 July 1603. He was admitted at Emmanuel College, Cambridge on 3 December 1618. He was comptroller of Woodstock Park, Oxfordshire and cupbearer to King James I and King Charles I. He was knighted on 20 July 1624. In 1633 he was incorporated at Oxford as M.A. of Cambridge.
In April 1640, Fleetwood was elected Member of Parliament for Woodstock in the Short Parliament. 
In 1661 Fleetwood was re-elected MP for Woodstock for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until his death in 1674.
Fleetwood died at the age of 71.
Fleetwood was brother of Sir George Fleetwood, a baron of Sweden and of Charles Fleetwood, the parliamentary general.

</doc>
<doc id="30930780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930780" title="Tikamgarh (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Tikamgarh (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Tikamgarh Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Tikamgarh (constituency number 43) is one of the 5 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Tikamgarh district. This constituency covers the entire Tikamgarh tehsil of the district.
Tikamgarh is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Jatara, Prithvipur, Niwari and Khargapur in this district and Maharajpur, Chhatarpur and Bijawar in Chhatarpur district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30930784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930784" title="Edward Christian (footballer)">
Edward Christian (footballer)

Edward Christian (14 September 1858 – 3 April 1934) was an English amateur footballer who earned one cap for the national team against Scotland in 1879.
He was on the winning side for Old Etonians against Clapham Rovers in the 1879 FA Cup Final at Kennington Oval.
Early Life and Education.
Christian was born at Malvern, Worcestershire and educated at Twyford School, near Winchester, Hampshire, Eton College, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1881.
Football and Other Sports.
Christian was a full-back, praised by C.W. Alcock as "a fine back kicking well with either foot". He had played for Eton and Cambridge University (but never in Varsity matches which would have qualified him as a 'Blue'). In addition to the F.A. Cup competition of 1878-79, he played in the following season of 1879-80, only to find himself on the losing side against Clapham Rovers in the quarter final, again at the Oval. His playing career was short lived because of his early business career abroad.
He also played cricket and was a member of the M.C.C.. While abroad he was a prominent member of the Colombo Jockey Club.
Business career.
Christian was based in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) from 1881, returning permanently to England in 1904. He was a member of the firm of Messrs H.M. Robertson and Company of Colombo; a director of Pundaloga Tea Company of Colombo, and director of the Bengal and North Western Railway Company of India.
Family and Later Life.
Christian settled at Otterbourne House, in the village of Otterbourne where he was lord of the manor, near Winchester. He was a frequent prize-winner at local agricultural shows. He was still living at Otterbourne when he died at Wimpole Street, Marylebone, London, on 3 April 1934, aged seventy-five. He had made a considerable fortune in Ceylon and left an estate worth £240,665.
Honours.
Old Etonians F.C.
F.A. Cup Final 1879 - winner.

</doc>
<doc id="30930790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930790" title="Penetrometer">
Penetrometer

A penetrometer is a device to test the strength of a material.
Soil.
There are many types of penetrometer designed to be used on soil. They are usually round or cone shaped. The penetrometer is dropped on the test subject or pressed against it and the depth of the resulting hole is measured. The measurements find whether the soil is strong enough to build a road on. Scientists also use a penetrometer to measure how much moisture is in soil. Penetrometers are used on space probes such as the Cassini–Huygens probe, to measure the amount of moisture in soil on other planets. Penetrometers are furthermore used in glaciology to measure the strength and nature of materials underlying a glacier at its bed.
A penetrometer is also used in longer professional cricket matches, to measure how the pitch is holding up over the course of a multi-day match.
Botany.
A penetrometer may be used in botany to find the toughness of a leaf by measuring the force needed to punch a hole of a certain size through the leaf.
Penetrometers are also used to measure the firmness of apples and other hard fruit.
Science.
Penetrometers equipped with a known needle and mass are used to determine the hardness of bitumen and thus its efficacy and material properties when applied to roads as asphalt concrete.

</doc>
<doc id="30930806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930806" title="SS Beaver State (T-ACS-10)">
SS Beaver State (T-ACS-10)

SS "Beaver State" (T-ACS-10) was laid down on 13 April 1964, as the breakbulk ship, SS "Mormacdraco", a Maritime Administration type (C6-S-60a) hull, under Maritime Administration contract (MA 144) at Ingalls Shipbuilding Inc., Pascagoula, MS. She was launched on 14 January 1965 and delivered to the Moore-McCormack Lines, 28 May 1965. She was converted to a MARAD type hull (C6-S-MA60b) crane ship at National Steel and Shipbuilding Co., San Diego, CA and renamed SS "American Draco", 13 September 1983. She was transferred to the United States Lines, 1 November 1983 and reacquired by the Maritime Administration (MARAD) on 2 April, 1987. She was then assigned by the Maritime Administration to the Ready Reserve Force, (RRF), under operation control of the Military Sealift Command (MSC) and placed in service as SS "Beaver State" (ACS-10), 4 May 1997. "Beaver State" was berthed at Bremerton, WA. and assigned to Maritime Prepositioning Ship Squadron Three and was maintained in a five-day readiness status. She was removed from MSC control, withdrawn from the RRF by reassignment to the National Defense Reserve Fleet, 28 July 2006. Converted for the Missile Defense Agency at Cascade General Shipyards, Portland, OR. to an X-Band Transportable Radar Ship, designated (XTR-1) and renamed SS "Pacific Tracker", 1 April 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="30930811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930811" title="F Street Bridge (Salida, Colorado)">
F Street Bridge (Salida, Colorado)

The F Street Bridge in Salida, Colorado is a closed spandrel concrete arch bridge built in 1907 by the Pueblo Bridge Company. The design also known as a Luten Arch was patented in 1907 by Daniel Luten. The bridge with 2 spans and a total length of is believed to be the first bridge of this type built by the company.

</doc>
<doc id="30930814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930814" title="1st Battalion 79th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)">
1st Battalion 79th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)

The 1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery is the only active duty element remaining of the 79th Field Artillery. First constituted on 1 July 1916 in the Regular Army as Troops A (Alpha) and B (Bravo) in the 21st Cavalry, their mission has changed greatly from their Cavalry days. The 1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery is part of the 434th Fires Brigade charged with the TRADOC mission of Basic Combat Training or BCT of new soldiers to the United States Army.
History and lineage.
Constituted 1 July 1916 in the Regular Army as Troops A and B, 21st Cavalry
Organized 1 June 1917 at Fort Riley, Kansas
Consolidated, converted, and redesignated 1 November 1917 as Battery A, 79th Field Artillery
Inactivated 14 September 1921 at Camp George G. Meade, Maryland, and relieved from assignment to the 7th Division
Activated 1 June 1940 at Fort Bragg, North Carolina
Reorganized and redesignated 23 February 1943 as Battery A, 697th Field Artillery Battalion
Inactivated 12 February 1946 at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey
Redesignated 5 February 1947 as Battery A, 555th Field Artillery Battalion
Activated 1 January 1949 in Korea
Inactivated 15 September 1956 at Fort Lewis, Washington
Relieved 16 January 1957 from assignment to the 71st Infantry Division; concurrently redesignated as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 1st Battalion, 79th Artillery
Redesignated 1 June 1958 as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 1st Missile Battalion, 79th Artillery (organic elements concurrently constituted)
Battalion activated 24 June 1958 in Italy
Inactivated 25 June 1959 in Italy
Redesignated 1 July 1960 as the 1st Howitzer Battalion, 79th Artillery, assigned to the 7th Infantry Division, and activated in Korea
Redesignated 1 July 1963 as the 1st Battalion, 79th Artillery
Inactivated 2 April 1971 at Fort Lewis, Washington
Redesignated 1 September 1971 as the 1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery
Activated 21 October 1975 at Fort Ord, California
Inactivated 1 October 1983 at Fort Ord, California, and relieved from assignment to the 7th Infantry Division
Headquarters transferred 16 August 1995 to the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command and activated at Fort Sill, Oklahoma
1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery has five active batteries (Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta and Echo) and they are all charged with the BCT mission. Up until January 2011 Echo and Delta Batteries were conducting Warrior Transition Courses (or WTC), where prior service members of other branches, such as the Navy or Coast Guard, receive training to prepare them for service in the United States Army. Golf Battery, 1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery have reflagged into 1st Battalion, 31st Field Artillery on 10 February 2011 and Fox Trot Battery 1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery also reflagged into 1st Battalion, 31st Field Artillery in December 2010. In March 2011 1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery will stand up a new Fox Battery to once again have six batteries conducting a BCT mission.
1st Battalion, 79th Field Artillery is commanded by LTC Roller and CSM Batts and the Battalion Executive Officer is MAJ Brice.
Distinctive unit insignia.
"Description"
A gold color metal and enamel device 1 5/32 inches (2.94 cm) in height overall consisting of the shield and crest of the coat of arms.
Symbolism.
The 21st Cavalry was organized in June 1917 from the 13th Cavalry, and converted into Field Artillery as the 79th, in November of the same year. Its original Cavalry character is shown by the color of the field, its Field Artillery service by the red bend. The canton shows a device from the badge of the 13th Cavalry, the parent organization. The regiment insignia in base is the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 7th Division with colors reversed, surrounded by a green band.
Background.
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 79th Field Artillery Regiment on 22 December 1928. It was redesignated for the 79th Artillery Regiment on 14 April 1958. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 79th Field Artillery Regiment.
Coat of arms.
Blazon
"Shield"
Or, a bend Gules, on a sinister canton of the like a sun in splendor of the field charged with the numeral “13” Sable (for the 13th Cavalry), in base the insignia of the regiment Proper (a Red hour-glass on a Black circle surrounded by a Green band).
"Crest"
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules, a horse’s head armored Proper.
"Motto"
OUR COUNTRY – OUR REGIMENT.
1st Battalion, uses the Motto: PEACE THROUGH VICTORY, which they gained when they were organized as the 697th Field Artillery Battalion
Symbolism
"Shield"jjjjj
The 21st Cavalry was organized in June 1917 from the 13th Cavalry, and converted into Field Artillery as the 79th, in November of the same year. Its original Cavalry character is shown by the color of the field, its Field Artillery service by the red bend. The canton shows a device from the badge of the 13th Cavalry, the parent organization. The regiment insignia in base is the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 7th Division with colors reversed, surrounded by a green band.
"Crest"
The armored horse’s head represents Cavalry and Armor, respectively.
Background
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 79th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1920. It was redesignated for the 79th Artillery Regiment on 14 April 1958. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 79th Field Artillery Regiment.
Campaign participation credit.
World War I: Streamer without inscription
World War II: Naples-Foggia; Rome-Arno; North Apennines; Normandy; Northern France; Rhineland; Ardennes-Alsace; Central Europe
Korean War: UN Defensive; UN Offensive; CCF Intervention; First UN Counteroffensive; CCF Spring Offensive; Un Summer-Fall Offensive; Second Korean Winter; Korea, Summer –Fall 1952; Third Korean Winter; Korea, Summer 1953
Unit citations or decorations.
Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation for Korea 1950-1953
Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation for Korea 1953-1954
Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation for Korea 1960-1971
Current organization.
Alpha Battery
Bravo Battery
Charlie Battery
Delta Battery
Echo Battery
Fox Battery

</doc>
<doc id="30930825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930825" title="John Hawtrey">
John Hawtrey

John Purvis Hawtrey (19 July 1850 – 17 August 1925) was an English amateur footballer who earned two caps for the national team in 1881 playing as a goalkeeper.
Career.
His football career started with Remnants F.C. and he later played for Old Etonians, with whom he won the FA Cup in 1879.
His international appearances both came in 1881, against Wales and Scotland. England lost both games and Hawtrey conceded a total of seven goals.
Personal life.
He was born at Eton College, where his father, the Reverend John Hawtrey, was master of the lower school. His younger brother was the actor, Sir Charles Hawtrey.
He was a tutor for a time and later, a journalist. He also wrote plays under the pseudonym John Trent-Hay.
He was married twice, first to Mary Harriot Siddons in 1885. Mary died in 1890 and he later married Emma Newton in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="30930856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930856" title="UW Bioengineering">
UW Bioengineering

The University of Washington Department of Bioengineering (UW Bioengineering) is a joint department of the College of Engineering and School of Medicine, and is located in Seattle, Washington, USA.
Overview.
UW Bioengineering offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in bioengineering, a field at the interface between medicine and engineering. As of 2010, the department includes 39 active core faculty, including four members of the National Academy of Engineering. The faculty conduct a mix of basic and applied multi-disciplinary research; particularly in the following four areas: regenerative medicine & biomaterials, molecular & cellular engineering, imaging & image-guided therapy, and technology to reduce the cost of health care. In 2010, UW Bioengineering was awarded US$32.3 million in research funding, primarily from federal sources such as the National Institutes of Health.
In addition to the core faculty, the department comprises 43 adjunct faculty, 49 postdoctoral fellows, 66 staff (including research scientists), 106 on-campus graduate students, 150 undergraduate students, and a growing number of off-campus students through two professional master’s programs.
As of February 2011, UW Bioengineering is ranked #5 in the nation for its graduate program and tied for #6 (with Rice University and University of Pennsylvania) for its undergraduate program, according to U.S. News & World Report.
History.
The UW Center for Bioengineering was founded in 1967 by Robert Rushmer as a joint research enterprise of the UW College of Engineering and the UW School of Medicine to study the cardiovascular system. A main focus was groundbreaking work on the development of quieter, portable Doppler ultrasound instruments for monitoring the cardiovascular system and fetal heart rate, building on work that Rushmer had begun at the UW in 1958. These developments formed the basis for a strong local ultrasound industry that persist to this day.
The Center became the Department of Bioengineering in 1984, allowing it to grant PhD degrees. Undergraduate courses were added in 1985, and the bachelor’s degree program was formalized within the College of Engineering in 2001; it was accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) in 2008 (retroactive to 2006). In 2006, the department moved into the new William H. Foege Building, a 265,000 sq. ft. research facility on campus adjacent to Seattle’s Portage Bay that includes offices, laboratories, and support facilities.
Degrees Offered.
UW Bioengineering offers bachelor’s, master’s and PhD degree programs, as well as a number of certificate programs in bioengineering specialties. The department also offers a combined BS/MS in Bioengineering, a master’s in Medical Engineering (MME: fee-based evening program) and a master’s in Pharmaceutical Bioengineering (PharmBE: fee-based evening program). Bioengineering students may also participate in the MD/PhD program, administered by the UW Medical Scientist Training Program.
Admissions.
Admission to UW Bioengineering is competitive. Since 1989, the department has enrolled more than 473 graduate students from across the country and around the world. The mean GRE scores since 1989 are (V): 596, (Q): 755, (A): 4.85. In 2010, students accepted to the UW Bioengineering bachelor’s program through early admission had an average college GPA of 3.73.
The total number of applications per year to the PhD program for 2008 to 2010 ranged from 304 to 423. Enrollment in the program in the past three years averaged 22 students per year, or about 6% of those who applied.
Commercialization (Technology Transfer).
Thanks to close association with the clinical departments in the UW School of Medicine, and strong local biomedical and biotech industries, the department has a long history of translational research. Today, as a Coulter Foundation Translational Research Partnership grantee and an active partner with UW’s Center for Commercialization, UW Bioengineering is continually inventing new technologies and moving them from the lab to the bedside.
As of June 2011 Commercialization efforts in UW Bioengineering have yielded 543 invention disclosures, 164 patents pending, 28 license agreements, and 12 cases of copyrighted software. Eleven active start-up companies have benefited from the intellectual property generated by the department.
In 2011, UW Bioengineering launched its Affiliates Program with the goal of building sustainable, mutually beneficial relationships with individuals, nonprofits, and industry in Seattle and around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="30930869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930869" title="A Meeting by the River">
A Meeting by the River

A Meeting by the River is an album by Ry Cooder and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, released in April 1993 through the record label Water Lily Acoustics. Recorded in September 1992, the improvised collaborative album features Cooder on slide guitar and Bhatt on the Mohan veena, a stringed instrument created by Bhatt. "A Meeting by the River" was produced by Kavichandran Alexander and Jayant Shah, engineered by Alexander and mastered by Kevin Michael Gray and Paul Stubblebine. The album peaked at number four on "Billboard" Top World Music Albums chart and earned Cooder and Bhatt Grammy Awards for Best World Music Album at the 36th Grammy Awards (1994). The album is included in Tom Moon's 2008 book "1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die".
Composition.
"A Meeting by the River" was recorded in September 1992 and features Cooder solely on slide guitar and Bhatt on the Mohan veena, a stringed instrument created by Bhatt. Allmusic's Daniel Gioffre described the instrument as a "hybrid" between a guitar and a vichitra veena, performed with a metal slide moving across steel rods along the neck. Cooder had heard a recording of Hindustani classical music performed by Bhatt and was impressed by his playing and the "haunting clarity" of the Mohan veena. Cooder and Bhatt met for the first time less than one hour before recording began and improvised much of the set (the album's liner notes state that "this recording was unplanned and unrehearsed"). The album was produced by Kavichandran Alexander (founder of Water Lily Acoustics) and Jayant Shah, engineered by Alexander and mastered by Kevin Michael Gray and Paul Stubblebine. Cooder and Bhatt are accompanied by Cooder's fourteen-year-old son Joachim on dumbek, a Middle Eastern drum, and Sukhvinder Singh Namdhari on tabla. 
The collaboration between Cooder and Bhatt marked Alexander's first attempt to record musicians of different cultures together, one of his goals when he founded the record label. Author George Plasketes described Bhatt's playing as "highly nuanced" while Cooder performs in a more "loose-jointed, slip 'n' slide style". According to Gioffre, Cooder and Bhatt use improvisation and "voice-like" phrasing, showing melodic performances in an alternating fashion and in unison. The album contains four tracks, three of which were credited to Cooder and Bhatt, ranging in length from approximately seven and a half to twelve minutes. "Longing" has a structure similar to a raga. Author Tom Moon noted that Cooder takes the lead on the hymn "Isa Lei" as Bhatt contributes "elaborate squiggling asides" and "swooping nosedives". In 2011, Bhatt performed "A Meeting by the River" at a music festival in honor of guru Kelucharan Mohapatra. Bhatt said of the song: "Music has no religion and no geographical or linguistic barrier. It speaks a universal language. My composition – 'A Meeting by the River' – aims at explaining this." Bhatt has stated that he considers working with Cooder his "most special" collaboration.
Reception.
Gioffre wrote a positive review for the album and called Cooder and Bhatt "genuine masters" of their respective instruments. He described the musical interplay between the musicians as "nothing short of astounding" and the album as a rare instance in which a combination of genres works. Furthermore, Gioffre wrote: "this album is masterfully recorded; each instrument is clear, distinct, and three-dimensional sounding. "A Meeting by the River" is a must-own, a thing of pure, unadulterated beauty, and the strongest record in Cooder's extensive catalog." Peter Margasak of the "Chicago Tribune" awarded the album four out of four stars, describing Cooder's performance as "arresting" and Bhatt's "haunting". Margasak wrote that the fusion revealed a "rare, often transcendental beauty" as the two artists "gently and intuitively" found common ground. "Rolling Stone" called the album "fruitful" and awarded it three out of five stars.
Chart performance and recognition.
"A Meeting by the River" reached a peak position of number four on "Billboard" Top World Music Albums chart. In 1994, the album earned Cooder and Bhatt Grammy Awards for Best World Music Album. Bhatt became one of a few Indian musicians to have received a Grammy Award; until A. R. Rahman won at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010, previous Indian award winners had been recognized jointly with Western artists. The February 25, 1995 issue of "Billboard", which featured the annual "Indies Spotlight" and covered independent music between the January 29, 1994 and January 21, 1995 issues of the magazine, included "A Meeting by the River" at number ten on its list of the "Top Indie World Music Albums". The album is included in Tom Moon's 2008 book "1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die: A Listener's Life List".
Track listing.
All tracks by Ry Cooder and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt unless noted otherwise.
Track listing adapted from Allmusic.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="30930876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930876" title="Greater Houston Partnership">
Greater Houston Partnership

The Greater Houston Partnership (GHP) is an economic development organization serving the Greater Houston area, including the counties of Austin, Brazoria, Chambers, Fort Bend, Galveston, Harris, Liberty, Montgomery, San Jacinto and Waller counties. Its headquarters are in Suite 700 on the seventh floor of 2 Allen Center in Downtown Houston.
The organization was established in 1989 when the Houston Chamber of Commerce, the Houston Economic Development Council, and the Houston World Trade Association merged. GHP’s roots extend to the original Houston Chamber of Commerce’s creation in 1840.
GHP’s mission is to be the primary voice of Houston’s business community and build regional economic prosperity. It does so in a number of ways including:
The organization comprises more than 2,100 member companies, 15,000 individual members and a 147-member Board of Directors (including Honorary and Emeritus Board Members).
GHP routinely hosts events that bring national and international figures together to discuss key economic and policy issues, such as "State of" discussions with local officials, The Power Hour Series, and Coffee with the Consuls.
In addition, the organization's research department releases a multitude of reports that cover the region’s economy and key demographic trends. The key reports are Economy At A Glance, Key Economic Indicators, Houston Briefs and the well regarded Annual Forecast. In 2009, GHP was given the distinction of being named an Accredited Economic Development Organization from the International Economic Development Council (IEDC).
One of GHP’s major initiatives is Opportunity Houston. Opportunity Houston is an aggressive marketing program that generates leads for economic development organizations throughout Houston's 10-county region. Opportunity Houston 1.0 was initiated in 2005. It raised $32 million in cash and in-kind investments, all of which was used to benefit the businesses and people of Houston. The overall impact to the Houston economy was $12.3 billion. (Source: Regional Input-Output Modeling System (RIMS II) developed by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis) 
Opportunity Houston 2.0 is a six year program commencing in 2014. The program will continue to act as an aggressive marketing initiative that will generate leads for economic development organizations throughout the Houston 10-county region. Specifically, the initiative will focus on the following areas:
In 1992, GHP founded The Center for Houston's Future as a non-profit research organization. The Center for Houston's Future became an independent affiliate of GHP in 2000. In addition to continuing its mission of research to benefit the Houston region, today it also cultivates regional leadership and community engagement.
In 2009, GHP founded Houston Young Professionals Endeavor - a sub-organization whose mission is to provide young professionals in the Houston region professional and personal development opportunities.
David McClanahan is GHP's current Chairman. Bob Harvey is GHP's President and CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="30930891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930891" title="Liv (Skins series 5)">
Liv (Skins series 5)

Liv is the fourth episode of series 5 of the UK TV series Skins, which first aired on the 17th of February 2011 on E4. It focuses on the character Olivia "Liv" Malone (Laya Lewis), and features Liv as she attempts to deal with her feelings for her friend, Mini's (Freya Mavor) boyfriend, Nick Levan (Sean Teale), and Mini's increasingly hostile treatment of her, only to find herself hanging out with Nick's brother, Matty (Sebastian de Souza).
Synopsis.
The episode opens with Liv having sex with Nick, Mini's boyfriend, even though she had already promised it wouldn't happen again. Upon returning home, she discovers that her mother is going to an Eternal Circle retreat, following one of her many bizarre hobbies, and is entrusting the house and her youngest daughter, Maude on Liv, as their elder sister, Bella, is in prison. 
Later, Liv receives a visit from Franky, Alo, Rich and Grace, who are followed by Mini and Nick. Inside, Mini apologises for her recent behaviour and calls a truce between the two groups, before producing a bag of weed. Alo immediately grabs it and proclaims that no-one may leave the house until it has all been smoked. Worried about the effect the drugs will have on her little sister, and that Mini knows about her affair with Nick, Liv leaves under the pretense of going to buy sherry, bringing Maude with her. She leaves Maude at a sci-fi movie marathon, failing to notice that it's 24 hours long, and goes off to visit Bella in prison. There, she confides to her sister about her situation with Mini and Nick, but Bella is unhelpful, prompting Liv to leave, frustrated. Sitting at a bus stop later on, Liv meets Matty, the same man Franky had met some days earlier after her school meltdown, and they manage to obtain a large amount of ecstasy from a drug addict fleeing the police. Liv invites Matty to share it with her. He agrees, and they take the drugs, before going and shoplifting from a garage shop. While high, they go on a long walk, before ending up at a costume shop. There, the manager tricks them into trying on some clothes, before attempting to rape Liv. Matty arrives in the nick of time, knocking the manager unconscious with a fire extinguisher. They take a video recording of the incident on the security cameras, as well as some money from his till and some costumes. Later on, they return to ensure the man isn't dead, but discover that there are policemen outside the shop, and hurry away to a nearby disco. There, they share a kiss and proceed to have sex on the roof.
The next day, they head to Liv's house, to discover that the party they left is still going on. Matty and Liv go upstairs to have sex, only to discover that Mini and Nick are having sex in Liv's bed. Nick, upon emerging from the covers, recognises Matty at once, and reveals him to be his brother. He immediately warns Liv that Matty is a "psycho" and inadvertently reveals their affair, and Mini can no longer pretend to Liv that it didn't happen. Liv immediately orders everyone to leave, telling Matty that she no longer knows or trusts him. She tidies up the house in preparation for her mother's return the next day and collapses on the couch, only to discover that Franky, who had passed out earlier, is still there, and orders her to leave. Before leaving, Franky questions Liv about her conflict with Mini, and puts on a video of Liv and Mini when they were children. This, along with her discovery that the man who tried to rape her is still alive, and has been arrested, moves Liv to tears. She is interrupted by the arrival of Maude, who is livid at being abandoned at the sci-fi marathon, and swears at Liv and storms off. Desperate, Liv heads to the bus stop, to discover Matty is leaving. He is angry with her, but when he gets up to leave, Liv drinks an entire bottle of vodka. Horrified, Matty takes Liv to Nick's home to recover. Nick discovers they are there the next day, however, and Liv leaves. She meets up with Mini, and attempts to apologise for her affair with Nick. Mini coldly tells her that she will only forgive her if she does the same stunt she did with Matty. Despite being in obvious pain, Liv agrees, but after finishing the entire bottle of vodka, Mini insults her and leaves, leaving Liv to suffer. She goes to prison to see Bella again, and coldly informs her that she will not be returning. Heading home, her mother tells her that the retreat she went to was a waste of her time, and demands to know about the crockery Maude broke in her fit of rage, saying she will not tolerate violence in her house. Liv then takes the blame for Maude. The episode ends with Liv joining Maude at the cinema and watching a movie with her.

</doc>
<doc id="30930895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930895" title="USSR National Badminton Championships">
USSR National Badminton Championships

USSR National Badminton Championships are officially held since the year 1963. After the end of the Soviet Union, the majority of the former Soviet Republics started own championships like the Azerbaijani National Badminton Championships, Armenian National Badminton Championships, Georgian National Badminton Championships, Moldovan National Badminton Championships and Latvian National Badminton Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="30930902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930902" title="GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy">
GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy

GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy (GEH) is a provider of advanced reactors and nuclear services. It is located in Wilmington, N.C.. Established in June 2007, GEH is a global nuclear alliance created by General Electric and Hitachi. In Japan, the alliance is Hitachi-GE Nuclear Energy, Ltd. 
Reactors.
The Advanced Boiling Water Reactor (ABWR) is the world's first operational Generation III Class advanced light water reactor design. The NRC has docketed GEH's petition for renewal of ABWR certification. The Economic Simplified Boiling Water Reactor (ESBWR), the Generation III+ Class design reactor, received a positive final safety evaluation report and final design approval in March 2011, and is expected to receive a license from the NRC by September 2011. 
GEH's Power Reactor Innovative Small Modular (PRISM) is a Generation IV reactor that uses liquid sodium as a coolant.
Nuclear services.
As nuclear plants get older and worldwide demand for energy increases, GEH offers a wide range of valuable services that can improve performance, increase power output, and extend plant life.
Fuel services.
GEH’s fuel cycle business supplies reliable fuel products and services to customers around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="30930914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930914" title="IFK Haninge/Brandbergen">
IFK Haninge/Brandbergen

IFK Haninge/Brandbergen is a Swedish football club located in Haninge in Stockholm County.
Background.
Since their foundation Brandbergens IF has participated mainly in the lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Svealand which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Torvalla IP in Haninge, Stockholm.
Brandbergens IF are affiliated to Stockholms Fotbollförbund.
Current squad.
"As of 18 June 2012"
Recent History.
In recent seasons Brandbergens IF have competed in the following divisions:
2012 - Division 3 Södra Svealand
2011 - Division 3 Södra Svealand
2010 - Division 4 Stockholm Södra
2009 - Division 5 Stockholm Södra
2008 - Division 6 Stockholm E
2007 - Division 6 Stockholm D
2006 - Division 7 Stockholm G
2005 - Division 7 Stockholm G
2004 - Division 7 Stockholm G
2003 - Division 7 Stockholm F
2002 - Division 7 Stockholm G
2001 - Division 7 Stockholm F
2000 - Division 7 Stockholm G
1999 - Division 7 Stockholm F
Attendances.
In recent seasons Brandbergens IF have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="30930921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930921" title="1998 12 Hours of Sebring">
1998 12 Hours of Sebring

The 1998 Superflo Superflo 12 Hours of Sebring was the 46th running of the 12 Hours of Sebring. It also served as the inaugural round of the 1998 IMSA GT Championship season. It took place at Sebring International Raceway, Florida, on March 22, 1998.
Race results.
Class winners in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="30930927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930927" title="Ironwood Daily Globe">
Ironwood Daily Globe

The Daily Globe is a daily newspaper based in Ironwood, Michigan.
The "Daily Globe" serves Gogebic and Ontonagon counties in Michigan and Iron County in Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="30930934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930934" title="Onur Demirtaş">
Onur Demirtaş

Onur Demirtaş (born 30 January 1982) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Eyüpspor in the TFF Second League.

</doc>
<doc id="30930955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930955" title="Jessica Dromgoole">
Jessica Dromgoole

Jessica Dromgoole is a British director of contemporary theatre and radio-plays, as well as a former Artistic Director of the Finborough Theatre from 1988 to 1991. From 1991 she has been New Writing Co-ordinator for BBC Drama, Entertainment and Children's programmes.
Early life.
Dromgoole is the daughter of schoolteacher Jenny Davis and Patrick Dromgoole, a former managing director of Harlech Television. Dromgoole is the older sister of Dominic Dromgoole.
Awards.
Dromgoole won the 2007 "Prix Italia for Original Radio Drama" with "The Incomplete Recorded Works of a Dead Body". She won the 2012 "BBC Audio Drama Award" for "Best Audio Drama" with "". She won the 2012 "Bronze Sony Radio Academy Award" for "Best Drama" with "A Tale of Two Cities".

</doc>
<doc id="30930960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30930960" title="Tobacco Factory Theatre">
Tobacco Factory Theatre

The Tobacco Factory Theatre is located on the first floor of the Tobacco Factory building on the corner of North Street and Raleigh Road, Southville in Bristol, England. In terms of profile, the theatre sits at the respectable end of the fringe spectrum. The theatre itself is a studio-style space, with a low ceiling and fixed grid. The structural pillars which intrude into the acting area give the theatre a 'found space' feel. There is a bar/foyer area, a dance studio and Box Office. The theatre can seat up to 350 people, although usually it has a capacity of about 250. The programme includes classic and contemporary theatre, comedy, dance, puppetry, film, opera, music and family shows. In 2012 over 100,000 people came through the theatre doors and the theatre is regularly attracting national critical acclaim.
History.
Tobacco was the main industry in South Bristol from the beginning of the twentieth century and at its peak around 40% of the local workforce worked in the Imperial Tobacco Factory. The relocation of Imperial Tobacco in the 1980's was devastating to the local area, causing massive unemployment and deprivation. The Tobacco Factory building itself fell into disrepair but was renewed from the late 1990's when George Ferguson acquired the building, inviting Show of Strength Theatre Company to use part of the first floor as a theatre space. The building became a mixed-use cultural space driven by a café-bar and a 250 seat studio theatre, under the name of Tobacco Factory Theatre.
In 2005 the Tobacco Factory Theatre became a charitable trust and in 2007 it became a Key Arts Provider of Bristol City Council. It has grown dramatically, particularly since 2008. It now has two auditoria (the Factory Theatre and the Brewery Theatre) and two rehearsal spaces. It has made significant capital improvements, which include installing the second largest renewable energy system of any arts organisation in the country. It attracts an annual ticketed audience of over eighty-five thousand to more than six hundred performances plus several thousand more to talks, workshops, school visits etc. The theatre has excellent programming standards and is regularly attracting national critical acclaim. It has strong relationships with many individual artists, with venues and with theatre companies. It has a wide-ranging programme and is particularly well-known for productions by Shakespeare at the Tobacco Factory, critically acclaimed inhouse family-friendly productions and a popular comedy line-up, as well as classic and contemporary theatre, dance, puppetry, film, opera and music.
Brewery Theatre.
The Brewery Theatre opened its doors for the first time on 29 August 2009. Previously an old tyre garage, the building is approximately 160 yards (146 m) down the road from the Tobacco Factory and houses our 90-seat Brewery Theatre and Brewery dance studio with sprung floor. The building is also home to Mark’s Bread bakery and cafe, a Bristol Beer Factory Brewery and Visitors' centre. The Brewery Theatre is programmed with theatre from small scale touring companies to Tobacco Factory Theatre productions. The shows programmed are a huge range from children’s shows and magic, to clowning, comedy, storytelling and classical theatre.
Funding.
The Tobacco Factory Theatre receives approximately seven percent of its funding from public sources such as the Arts Council of England. They raise approximately 85% of their income through box office receipts, bar sales, workshops and space hire. They offer various levels of membership on which they rely to allow the theatre to produce high-quality work.
The theatre is recognised by Bristol City Council as a key arts provider.

</doc>
<doc id="30931011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931011" title="Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe">
Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe

The Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe (Karlsruhe Transport Company, VBK), is the municipal transport company of the city of Karlsruhe in Germany. It runs the tram and bus network within the city, as well as the Turmbergbahn funicular railway.
The VBK is a member of the Karlsruher Verkehrsverbund (Karlsruhe Transport Association, KVV) that manages a common public transport structure for Karlsruhe and its surrounding areas. The VBK is also a partner, with the Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (Alb Valley Transport Company, AVG) and Deutsche Bahn (DB), in the operation of the Karlsruhe tramway network, and the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn, the pioneering tram-train system that serves a larger area around the city.
Buses.
Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe and its predecessor have operated bus services since 1911, some with their own vehicles and some operated by subcontractors. The first bus line opened between Mühlburg and Daxlanden on 30 December 1911 and operated for only three months due to large losses. In 1926, another bus service was established to Rüppurr and it continued until 1931. In 1928, the first bus line that still exists today was opened, connecting to the Weiherfeld district. Other bus routes were established over the decades to complement the tram network. Today the bus network has 23 lines and they are organised as feeder services to the tram and Stadtbahn networks.

</doc>
<doc id="30931020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931020" title="Park Record">
Park Record

The Park Record is a daily newspaper published in Park City, Utah. It was founded in 1880 as the "Park Mining Record", edited by James Shupback. After two editorial changes, Sam Raddon, formerly with the "Salt Lake Tribune", had taken over editor- and ownership, and the newspaper began to establish itself as an "outspoken and critical" paper--"anti-everything, including anti-Mormon, anti-Chinese, and anti-Indian." Raddon added several small, failing papers to the "Record", which he led for half a decade.
The "Park Record" is controlled by MediaNews Group, which also owns the Denver Post and The Salt Lake Tribune, the San Jose Mercury and the Oakland Tribune.

</doc>
<doc id="30931040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931040" title="Institute for Food Safety and Health">
Institute for Food Safety and Health

The Institute for Food Safety and Health (IFSH) is a research consortium consisting of the United States Food and Drug Administration’s Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (FDA CFSAN), Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) and the food industry. Under the cooperative agreement, the Institute was established by IIT to bring together the food safety and technology expertise of academia, industry and government as a consortium in the common goal of enhancing and improving the safety of food for U.S. consumers.
History.
The Institute was established as the National Center for Food Safety and Technology (NCFST) in 1988 with a $6.9 million donation of seven buildings and grounds by Corn Products International to IIT in 1988, located in the IIT Moffett Campus. The Moffett Technical Center consists of office, laboratory and pilot plant space located in Bedford Park, IL in the near west suburbs of Chicago. It was built in 1948-49 and named in honor of George M. Moffett, then-president of Corn Products Refining Co.
The main building features bas relief murals created by architectural sculptor Lee Lawrie, who is best known for the "Atlas" statue in front of New York City’s Rockefeller Center. The panels depict various scenes of the history of corn and corn production in the Americas, including a buffalo hunt showing primitive corn grass, Native Americans cultivating and harvesting corn, and American corn milling and processing. One panel, labeled "Argo," appears to be symbolic of the Moffett Technical Center itself, showing an engineer working in the pilot plant, a chemist with retorts and test tubes, and a scientist at a microscope.
In 2011, the NCFST was rebranded as the Institute for Food Safety and Health. The NCFST now operates as a center within the institute, along with new platforms such as the Center for Nutrition Research, Center for Processing Innovation, and the Center for Specialty Programs. IFSH has "nearly 50 FDA personnel, nearly 50 IIT faculty and students, and more than 50 food industry-related partner companies." The institute is currently located in Bedford Park, IL, although it formerly identified as being located in Summit, IL.
The Moffett campus contains microbiology, chemistry, process engineering, and nutrition laboratories. The institute also contains a BSL-3 laboratory and biocontainment pilot plant, which is the only BSL-3 biocontainment plant in the United States. IFSH provides Masters of Science in food safety and technology and food process engineering, and also a food processing specialist certificate.

</doc>
<doc id="30931041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931041" title="Charles Lapworth (journalist)">
Charles Lapworth (journalist)

Charles Lapworth (13 June 1878 – 26 October 1951) was a socialist activist, journalist and film promoter.
He was born in Willenhall, Staffordshire on 13 June 1878, the son of a coal miner.
Lapworth toured with Eugene V. Debs in 1908, promoting the Industrial Workers of the World and speaking about socialism in Britain. He returned to Britain to stand in Sheffield Brightside at the January 1910 UK general election for the Social Democratic Party, but took only 4.7% of the vote. He then toured Italy with his wife, investigating the socialist movement there, and wrote "Tripoli and the Young Italy" with Helen Zimmern.
In 1912, Lapworth again returned to Britain, to take up the editorship of the "Daily Herald". Although he increased circulation, he upset its publisher, George Lansbury, by strongly criticising Philip Snowden, and Lansbury himself replaced Lapworth as editor in late 1913. Lapworth worked as night editor of the "Daily Mail" for a short time, before returning to the United States, which he toured with his family in an early Ford. In 1918, he interviewed Charlie Chaplin, and briefly worked with him as a writer and consultant on "A Dog's Life". During the 1920s, he edited the "Los Angeles Graphic" newspaper, and also acted as Sam Goldwyn's agent in London. In 1925, he joined the board of Gainsborough Pictures, where he wrote film scripts including "The Sea Urchin" and the original story of the early Hitchcock movie, "The Mountain Eagle". He also worked as production manager with the short-lived Société Générale des Films, who made "The Passion of Joan of Arc". In 1931, he returned to Los Angeles, as editor of "Film Quarterly". Among his other projects was the co-ownership of the "Rye Courier", a small newspaper based in Rye, New York.
In 1942, Lapworth launched the short-lived "Malibu Bugle", the first newspaper in the city.
He died in Los Angeles, California on 26 October 1951. He left a wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="30931094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931094" title="K. Venkataswami Naidu">
K. Venkataswami Naidu

Ketti Venkataswami Naidu (6 July 1896 - 8 March 1972) was an Indian lawyer and politician from the Tamil Nadu, belonging to Indian National Congress. He served as the Mayor of Madras in the late 1930's. During 1952-54, he was the Minister for Religious endowments and Registration of Madras State(in C. Rajagopalachari's cabinet). He belongs to great Puragiri Kshatriya/Perika community.
Early life.
Born on 6 July 1896 to Bashyam Naidu of the Ketti family, Venkataswamy Naidu is a direct descendant of Beri Thimmappa, a popular late 17th and early 18th century merchant and "dubash". Venkataswamy Naidu was educated at the Pachaiyappa's College and studied law at the Madras Law College.
In 1916, Venkataswamy Naidu married Varalakshmi Bhimamma.

</doc>
<doc id="30931096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931096" title="Knot of Stone">
Knot of Stone

Knot of Stone: the day that changed South Africa’s history is a 2011 intellectual mystery novel written by South African/Dutch author Nicolaas Vergunst. 
Plot summary.
In 1510, when the Cape of Good Hope was called the Portal to the Indies, the Viceroy of Portuguese India was led ashore, slain and hurriedly buried. The murder of Dom Francisco de Almeida has invariably been blamed on the Khoikhoi. Based on new research, Vergunst offers a different account of the murder.
"Knot of Stone" is a tale of historical detection in which a Dutch historian, Sonja Haas, and an Afrikaans archaeologist, Jason Tomas, find themselves drawn together after discovering a five-century-old skeleton at the foot of Table Mountain. Their search for new evidence leads the reader north to ancestral burial sites, remote mountain sanctuaries, sacred springs, medieval monasteries and rare museum artefacts. Via various roadside encounters, including the startling revelations of a sangoma (a healer empowered by the ancestors), they reconstruct the past and their own identities, with divergent consequences.
"Knot of Stone's" timely revision of actual events departs significantly from mainstream historical writing, both in and beyond South Africa. With its mixture of legend and original research, plus the karmic background of various historical individuals, this novel falls between the works of Umberto Eco and Dan Brown.
"Knot of Stone" has been published in the United Kingdom and the United States in 2011 by Arena Books.

</doc>
<doc id="30931118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931118" title="2011 in darts">
2011 in darts

This article documents all the events in the sport of darts over the course of 2011.
PDC.
Premier League.
"Main article: 2011 Premier League Darts"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30931124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931124" title="Civil Identity Program of the Americas">
Civil Identity Program of the Americas

Created in 2007, the Universal Civil Identity Program in the Americas (PUICA) is the area of the Organization of American States (OAS) that is devoted to civil identity. It belongs to the Department for Effective Public Management within the Secretariat for Political Affairs.
PUICA supports the member states of the OAS in their efforts to eradicate under-registration, in order to ensure recognition of the right to civil identity for all persons in the region.
Objectives.
All PUICA activities are geared towards fulfilling the five objectives set by the Inter-American Program for Universal Civil Registry and the Right to Identity:
Universalizing and improving access to civil registry.
Currently, some 10% of children born in Latin America and Caribbean officially do not exist as their births were never recorded. This means that the states have no proof of their existence and that those children will therefore have no protection from a variety of violations and will also be excluded from basic services. In terms of the adult population, there are no accurate data on the number of people who were never registered, and the percentages vary significantly from country to country and from region to region within countries. What is certain is that poverty is a constant factor where there is under-registration, and that the latter mainly affects the most vulnerable populations.
To address this situation, the priorities of PUICA include reducing the rate of under-registration and removing barriers to effective registration, with an emphasis on areas with populations in situations of poverty and vulnerability.
The work of PUICA in this regard revolves around the following strategies:
Strengthening policies, public institutions, and national laws relating to civil registration.
Through institutional strengthening, generation of synergies in national registration institutions, and improvement of legislative techniques, PUICA seeks to ensure that the outcomes obtained by the intervention will be sustained over time and thus make progress permanent.
The strategies that the program has developed to achieve this sustainability are:
Increasing public participation and awareness.
The participation of the communities served in project design and execution is a defining feature of the PUICA strategy. This participation is both at the stage prior to design and subsequent campaign coordination and promotion.
Awareness among the population and among the institutions about the importance of the right to identity is also vital to the elimination of under-registration. Hence PUICA wants awareness to be a very important component of its strategy, and incorporates it into campaigns through awareness workshops in schools and health centers.
Identification and promotion of best practices.
In their effort to spur access to civil records, national registration institutions have been continually come up with practices that are delivering positive results. In this regard, the work undertaken by PUICA is to identify those practices and provide a forum for them to be disseminated and shared. Collaboration is also being pursued with the CLARCIEV (Latin American Council for Civil Registration, Identification, and Vital Statistics), the body that brings together civil registration institutions in the region, thus enabling knowledge transfer among the region’s registration institutions. Since 2009, PUICA has served as Executive Secretariat of CLARCIEV, and manages that institution’s website.
In 2010, PUICA published its “Handbook of Civil Registration Best Practices,” which contains a methodology for identifying those best practices and a description of best practices identified in Mexico, Peru, and Colombia.
Promoting international and regional cooperation.
A key element of the PUICA strategy is the promotion of partnership – between and among different countries of the Region, and between and among local and international cooperation players, the aim being to:
Countries.
PUICA has worked in various countries of Latin America and the Caribbean:
Bolivia.
"Mobile registration and publicity campaigns"
Through mobile registration and publicity campaigns in the Yungas, Manco Kapac, Beni and Chuquisaca regions, and in collaboration with the National Civil Registry Bureau of Bolivia, the right to identity is now a reality for more than 15,000 individuals, most of them indigenous.
It is expected that by 2011 about 6,000 people in the rural areas of Potosí will have benefited from this mobile registration system.
Both operations have been funded through the Spanish International Development Cooperation Agency (AECID).
El Salvador.
"Strengthening the Hospital Records System"
To support the National Registry of Natural Persons, a hospital records system has been put in place at the Sonsonate National Hospital, facilitating birth registration for more than 10,000 newborns since of the beginning of the system, in 2009. This hospital records system has been extended to Ahuachapán Hospital, and will be expanded to other hospitals in the future.
The operation in El Salvador was financed with funds from the Spanish cooperation agency (AECID).
Guatemala.
"Mobile registration and publicity campaigns. Institutional strengthening. Process audits" 
Several registration and publicity campaigns have been staged in different parts of the country – including Chichicastenango, San Pedro Sacatepequez, San Juan Sacatepequez, San Raimundo, and Huehuetenango – in collaboration with the National Registry of Persons. Through training for community leaders and with their collaboration, more than 2,000 people, mostly indigenous, were registered for the first time.
At the request of the Government of Guatemala, PUICA also audited the National Registry of Persons processes in 2010 and is supporting that institution as it implements the recommendations.
As with the Bolivia and El Salvador operations, the projects executed in Guatemala were funded by the Spanish Cooperation Agency.
Haiti.
"Civil registry modernization and integration" 
More than 4.8 million Haitians now have an identity, thanks to mobile registration campaigns. Personnel from the National Identification Office have also been trained, thus providing the institution with the necessary technology and infrastructure. Also, 141 Registration Offices were opened. As well, in support of the National Archives, more than eight million historical records have been digitized and entered into an electronic database.
These projects are being implemented with financial support from the Canadian cooperation agency (CIDA).
Mexico.
"Promotion of Civil Identity. Sharing Best Practices. Awareness"
In Mexico, the strategy is based on cooperation with the National Registry of Population and Personal Identification to promote civil identity nationwide. To that end, an international symposium on measuring under-registration of births was held, and a workshop on best practices in civil registration technologies was conducted, along with a number of publicity campaigns to promote the importance of civil identity.
Canadian cooperation funds have helped these projects to be financially viable.
Paraguay.
"Modernization of the Civil Registry. Digitalization of Historical Records. Registration Campaigns" 
Using technical equipment acquired, along with staff training, the registry’s staff itself has been digitizing millions of records, and this will facilitate linking the registry with other public institutions such as hospitals and will make the project sustainable. The Civil Registry will be provided with support to carry out mobile registration and publicity campaigns in indigenous communities.
The project in Paraguay has been funded by the Canadian International Development Agency.
Peru.
"Mobile registration and publicity campaigns. Rebuilding destroyed records"
Through the system of mobile registration and publicity campaigns, more than 15,000 people have been registered in Peru. The campaigns were done in Huaycán, San Juan de Lurigancho, and Huancavelica. The records destroyed by the armed conflict with the Shining Path in this latter town were also reconstructed.
These projects were funded with help from Spain, USA, and Italy.
The Caribbean: Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines.
"Civil registry modernization. Computerization of records"
The objective in this subregion is to consolidate civil registry electronic databases by digitizing historical records.
The Canadian cooperation agency is funding the execution of this project, along with fonds from USA and Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="30931136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931136" title="Dubai Press Club">
Dubai Press Club

Dubai Press Club (Arabic: نادي دبي للصحافة) is an association for journalists and media professionals founded in November 1999 by Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and based in Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It launched the Arab Media Forum and the "Arab Journalism Award".

</doc>
<doc id="30931179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931179" title="Washington Mill Bridge">
Washington Mill Bridge

The Washington Mill Bridge is a road bridge crossing Lytle Creek near Bernard, Iowa that was built in 1877. It is a bowstring, through arch bridge, manufactured and/or built by the Massillon Bridge Company and by T.J. Donohue.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="30931191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931191" title="Lytle Creek">
Lytle Creek

Lytle Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30931264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931264" title="Ron Shaw">
Ron Shaw

Ron Shaw was an English professional footballer who spent his entire professional career with Torquay United, making 384 appearances in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="30931273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931273" title="Francis Wenman">
Francis Wenman

Sir Francis Wenman (1600 – 26 June 1641) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1628 and 1640.
Biography.
Wenman was the son of Francis Wenman of Caswell, Oxfordshire who died in Ireland. He matriculated at Trinity College, Cambridge as "Wainman" in Autumn 1615 and was knighted as "Wayneman" on 8 June 1618. In 1633 he purchased Lew manor at Bampton.
In 1628, Wenman was elected Member of Parliament for Oxfordshire and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. He was re-elected MP for Oxfordshire for the Short Parliament in April 1640.
Wenman died at the age of 40 and was buried at Witney with his ancestors.
Family.
Wenman married Ann Sandys, daughter of Sir Samuel Sandys of Omberslade, Worcestershire. His son Francis became a baronet. His daughter Anne married Sir John Fettiplace, 1st Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="30931307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931307" title="Ian Twitchin">
Ian Twitchin

Ian Twitchin is an English former professional footballer who spent his entire professional career with Torquay United, making 400 appearances in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="30931322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931322" title="Custodial Institutions Agency">
Custodial Institutions Agency

The Custodial Institutions Agency (, "Department of Correctional Institutions," DJI) is responsible for the incarceration of adults in the Netherlands. It is subordinate to the Ministry of Public Safety and Justice. The agency has its headquarters in The Hague.
The agency's sole institution in the Caribbean Netherlands is the JI Caribisch Nederland in Kralendijk, Bonaire.

</doc>
<doc id="30931327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931327" title="Alan Smith (footballer, born 1939)">
Alan Smith (footballer, born 1939)

Alan Smith (born 1939) is a Scottish former professional footballer who spent his entire professional career with Torquay United, making 278 appearances in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="30931331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931331" title="Set My World on Fire">
Set My World on Fire

"Set My World on Fire" is a song by British pop rock band The Feeling. Released in May 2011, it is the lead single and opening track of their third album "Together We Were Made".
Critical reception.
Robert Leedham for Drowned in Sound gave a mixed response, saying he "understandwhy [it was chosen as a lead single: its placement at the time of writing on Radio 2's 'A List' probably justifies the decision. As a song though, it's wet."
Chart performance.
The single peaked at #128 in the UK Singles Chart. This compares to the #9 peak position of "I Thought It Was Over", the lead single for the band's previous album "Join with Us". It did not chart in any other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="30931341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931341" title="Camptodontus">
Camptodontus

"Camptodontus" (meaning "bent tooth") is an extinct genus of enantiornithine bird which existed in what is now Chaoyang in Liaoning Province, China during the early Cretaceous period (Aptian age). It is known from a well-preserved skeleton including a skull found in the Jiufotang Formation of Liaoning Province. It was named by Li Li, En-pu Gong, Li-dong Zhang, Ya-jun Yang and Lian-hai Hou in 2010, though the name had previously been used for a genus of beetle (Dejean, 1826). The type species is "Camptodontus" "yangi". 

</doc>
<doc id="30931345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931345" title="Welsh Sinfonia">
Welsh Sinfonia

The Welsh Sinfonia is a professional chamber orchestra based in Cardiff and is a full member of the Association of British Orchestras. It employs between 15 and 35 musicians, led by Robin Stowell. The Principal Conductor and Artistic Director is Mark Eager.
The Welsh Sinfonia's Patron is the George Windsor, Earl of St Andrews. World renowned conductors Tadaaki Otaka and Grant Llewellyn are International President and UK President respectively. 
The orchestra was relaunched in 2009 after serving choirs and choral societies for 20 years, and now concentrates on exploring the ever-widening chamber music repertoire, from the 16th Century to the present day.
The Welsh Sinfonia performs regularly in a popular Cardiff series of concerts at the Dora Stoutzker Hall, RWCMD, and tours Wales taking chamber music to smaller venues and areas where live classical music provision is limited. The orchestra also works closely with schools offering an interactive education programme.
The Welsh Sinfonia has commissioned and performed many new works for chamber orchestra. Recent works include Damian Rees ‘Happily Ever After’, Eilir Owen Griffiths ‘The Emoticons of Time’ (Percussion Concerto), Rhian Samuel ‘The Path through the Woods’ (Recorder Concerto), John Hardy (composer) and RWCMD students: "Night Flight" and in 2013 Roxanna Panufnik: "Orchestrapaedia" and Michael Csanyi-Wills "On the Idle Hill of Summer". There are developing links with emerging Welsh musicians including the ex Official Harpist to the Prince of Wales Claire Jones, Soprano Rhiannon Llewellyn and percussionist Dave Danford. Other international soloists have included recorder virtuoso Pamela Thorby, the 'doyen of period clarinettists' Colin Lawson and Tenor Nicholas Mulroy.

</doc>
<doc id="30931357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931357" title="Arenberg-Nordkirchen">
Arenberg-Nordkirchen

The Arenberg-Nordkirchen horse, also called the Arenberg Pony is a light horse breed, originating in Germany. It is considered a critically endangered breed; there are only 13 known Arenberg-Nordkirchen horses left in the world. They are found in a variety of colors – black, chestnut, bay or gray, and are kept mostly as pleasure horses.
Characteristics.
This breed measures about at the withers. It is a resilient, healthy pony with a reputation for having a good disposition and being an easy keeper. It is used most commonly as a riding horse for children and light adults, is a good jumper, and are also used for driving. Their gaits are elastic. The breed ideal is strong, harmonic and friendly saddle pony with a correct structured anatomy and good gaits. The predominant colours are bay, brown, grullo and black.
History.
This breed originated on a stud farm in Nordkirchen near Münster, Westfalen. It was founded in the late 1920 by the heir to the throne of Arenberg, a cousin of the duke of Croy, in his wild park of 1500 acres. The foundation bloodstock of the Aneberg-Nordkirchen were Lithuanian mares crossed on Dülmen Pony stallions. The herd was sold in 1968 to a Mr. Orthmann from Nordkirchen.

</doc>
<doc id="30931358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931358" title="Antonio Gardano">
Antonio Gardano

Antonio Gardano (also Antoine Gardane) (1509–28 October 1569) was a French-born Italian composer and important music publisher based in Venice.
Life and career.
Gardano arrived in the city as a "musico francese" whose musical compositions had been published in Lyons by Jacques Moderne from 1532. Gardano set up a publishing house and between 1538 and 1569 published 450 editions of prominent composers, half of them Italian madrigals. 
The composers best-represented in Gardano's output included Jacques Arcadelt, Cipriano de Rore, Orlande de Lassus, and Adrian Willaert, accounting for about 25 percent of his total publications. Gardano and Girolamo Scotto, owner of the other large Venetian publishing house in the middle of the 16th century, held an effective monopoly on publishing in Italy for several decades. While the house of Scotto published volumes on law, medicine, philosophy, and theology in addition to music, Gardano published only music.
Works.
"Intabolatura Nova di Balli", a representative collection of 25 pieces published in 1551, includes the preface "dances of various kinds, to be played on the arpicordo, harpsichord, spinet or clavichord, by divers and most excellent composers," but lacks attributions. The collection contains many of the popular dance forms of the day, including galliards, pavanes and passamezzi. The original print is held by the Civico Museo Bibliografico Musicale in Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="30931401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931401" title="Dutch Caribbean">
Dutch Caribbean

The term Dutch Caribbean refers to the islands of the Kingdom of the Netherlands that are located in the Caribbean and their inhabitants. It is also a term sometimes used to refer to the Caribbean Netherlands, which consists of some of the Dutch Caribbean islands but not all.
Three of the six main islands under Dutch sovereignty are constituent countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands: Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten (which actually comprises only the southern half of the island of Saint Martin). The three remaining islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba are special municipalities of the Netherlands, which is the fourth constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands (and mainly located in Europe). These are collectively known as the Caribbean Netherlands or the "BES Islands". There are also several smaller islands, like Klein Curaçao and Klein Bonaire, that belong to one of the island countries or special municipalities.
All the islands in the Dutch Caribbean were formerly part of the Netherlands Antilles. Aruba gained autonomy decades earlier than the other island countries, seceding as a separate country in 1986. Curaçao and Sint Maarten followed upon the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles in 2010, while Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba chose instead to integrate into the Netherlands.
Islands.
There are several acronyms that indicate groups of islands of the Dutch Caribbean:
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="30931403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931403" title="Yester House">
Yester House

Yester House is an early 18th-century mansion near Gifford in East Lothian, Scotland. It was the home of the Hay family, later Marquesses of Tweeddale, from the 15th century until the 1970s. Construction of the present house began in 1699, and continued well into the 18th century in a series of building phases. It is now protected as a category A listed building, and the grounds of the house are included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland, the national listing of significant gardens.
History.
The lands of Yester were granted to Hugh de Giffard, an Englishman, in the 12th century. Yester Castle, around south-east of the present house, was built by the Giffords in the later 13th century.
The heiress of the Giffords married into the Hay family, who were raised to the peerage in 1488 as Lord Hay of Yester. In 1646 the 8th Lord Hay was created Earl of Tweeddale, and considered the building of a new house at Yester. The 1st Earl acquired his title for his support of Charles I, but later served in two Commonwealth Parliaments. His son, the 2nd Earl of Tweeddale, was appointed to the Privy Council of Scotland after the Restoration. He began improvements to the estate, including the planting of over of woodland. It was around this time that the medieval village of Yester was moved to its current location at Gifford. The Earl consulted Sir William Bruce in 1670, with a view to commissioning a new house, although nothing was done at this time. Formal gardens were established and parkland laid out through the 1680s and 1690s.
For his support of William of Orange, the 2nd Earl was appointed Lord Chancellor of Scotland in 1692 and 1st Marquess of Tweeddale in 1694. John Hay, 2nd Marquess of Tweeddale, who inherited the estate in 1697, appointed James Smith and Alexander McGill to begin work on a new house in 1697. The 2nd Marquess supported the Acts of Union and served at Westminster as a representative peer. When he died in 1713 the building work was still underway; the main house was complete by 1715, when the 3rd Marquess died.
John Hay, 4th Marquess of Tweeddale, also served as a representative peer from 1722. The interior of the house was complete by 1728, but in 1729 the 4th Marquess appointed William Adam to make alterations to the roof and main façade, and in the mid-1730s to the interiors. William was succeeded as architect at Yester by his sons Robert and John, who carried out alterations inside in 1761, and another redesign of the façade in the 1780s, as well as redesigning the gardens in an informal style in the 1760s. The house was altered in the 1830s, with the entrance moved to the west front, and was modernised at the end of the 19th century by Robert Rowand Anderson for the 11th Marquess.
The estate was sold after the death of David Hay, 12th Marquess of Tweeddale, in 1967. In 1972 it was bought by the Italian-American composer Gian Carlo Menotti because of the acoustics of the ballroom. After Menotti's death, the house was marketed by his family with a price of between £12 million and £15 million. According to the sales particulars the house has a gross internal area of . In September 2010 the guide price was reduced to £8 million, with the exclusion of of woodlands from the sale, and in November 2010 it was reported that the house was being purchased by pop singer Lady Gaga, although this was denied by the estate agent.
In November 2013 the Estate in its entirety was sold for an undisclosed sum by Francis Menotti to Garreth and Nicola Wood who will be working closely with East Lothian Planning and Historic Scotland to further develop and enhance the property and surrounding estate.

</doc>
<doc id="30931411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931411" title="Europe Today (newspaper)">
Europe Today (newspaper)

Europe Today is a daily newspaper covering European and International news from a European perspective. Europe Today is a member of Project Syndicate since 2011.
In March 2011 "Europe Today" became a national winner of the 2011 Charlemagne Youth Prize in Sweden. 

</doc>
<doc id="30931414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931414" title="Château de l'Oisellerie">
Château de l'Oisellerie

Château de l'Oisellerie, la Couronne, Charente
L’Oisellerie was a fief belonging to the abbey of la Couronne and later could have been the falconry. After the Hundred Years' War, the farm was rented to wealthy burghers. They had to perform the act of homage to the abbot. The castle was built at the end of the 15th century when it was in the hands of Arnauld Calluaud thanks to money given by his brother Jean VI, commendatory abbot of la Couronne. King Francis I stayed there in 1526. The Calluaud sold it in 1678. The castle, which was modified in the 18th century, has been scheduled since 1911. It is now a multimedia library (CCDP).

</doc>
<doc id="30931441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931441" title="Hubert Lewis">
Hubert Lewis

Hubert Lewis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30931454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931454" title="Conserved non-coding sequence">
Conserved non-coding sequence

A conserved non-coding sequence (CNS) is a DNA sequence of noncoding DNA that is evolutionarily conserved. These sequences are of interest for their potential to regulate gene production.
CNSs in plants and animals are highly associated with transcription factor binding sites and other "cis"-acting regulatory elements. Conserved non-coding sequences can be important sites of evolutionary divergence as mutations in these regions may alter the regulation of conserved genes, producing species-specific patterns of gene expression. These features have made them an invaluable resource in comparative genomics.
Sources of CNSs.
All CNSs are likely to perform some function in order to have constraints on their evolution, but they can be distinguished based on where in the genome they are found and how they got there.
Introns.
Introns are stretches of sequence found mostly in eukaryotic organisms which interrupt the coding regions of genes, with basepair lengths varying across three orders of magnitude. Intron sequences may be conserved, often because they contain expression regulating elements that put functional constraints on their evolution. Patterns of conserved introns between species of different kingdoms have been used to make inferences about intron density at different points in evolutionary history. This makes them an important resource for understanding the dynamics of intron gain and loss in eukaryotes (1,28).
UTRs.
Some of the most highly conserved noncoding regions are found in the untranslated regions (UTRs) at the 3’ end of mature RNA transcripts, rather than in the introns. This suggests an important function operating at the post-transcriptional level. If these regions perform an important regulatory function, the increase in 3’-UTR length over evolutionary time suggests that conserved UTRs contribute to organism complexity. Regulatory motifs in UTRs often conserved in genes belonging to the same metabolic family could potentially be used to develop highly specific medicines that target RNA transcripts.
Transposable Elements.
Repetitive elements can accumulate in an organism’s genome as the result of a few different transposition processes. The extent to which this has taken place during the evolution of eukaryotes varies greatly: repetitive DNA accounts for just 3% of the fly genome, but accounts for 50% of the human genome.
There are different theories explaining the conservation of transposable elements. One holds that, like pseudogenes, they provide a source of new genetic material, allowing for faster adaptation to changes in the environment. A simpler alternative is that, because eukaryotic genomes may have no means to prevent the proliferation of transposable elements, they are free to accumulate as long as they are not inserted into or near a gene in such a way that they would disrupt essential functions. A recent study showed that transposons contribute at least 16% of the eutherian-specific CNSs, marking them as a “major creative force” in the evolution of gene regulation in mammals. There are three major classes of transposable elements, distinguished by the mechanisms by which they proliferate.
Classes of Transposable Elements.
DNA transposons encode a transposase protein, which is flanked by inverted repeat sequences. The transposase excises the sequence and reintegrates it elsewhere in the genome. By excising immediately following DNA replication and inserting into target sites which have not yet been replicated, the number of transposons in the genome can increase.
Retrotransposons use reverse transcriptase to generate a cDNA from the TE transcript. These are further divided into long terminal repeat (LTR) retrotransposons, long interspersed elements (LINEs), and short interspersed nuclear elements (SINEs). In LTR retrotransposons, after the RNA template is degraded, a DNA strand complementary to the reverse-transcribed cDNA returns the element to a double-stranded state. Integrase, an enzyme encoded by the LTR retrotransposon, then reincorporates the element at a new target site. These elements are flanked by long terminal repeats (300-500bp) which mediate the transposition process.
LINEs use a simpler method in which the cDNA is synthesized at the target site following cleavage by a LINE-encoded endonuclease. LINE-encoded reverse transcriptase is not highly sequence-specific. The incorporation by LINE machinery of unrelated RNA transcripts gives rise to non-functional processed pseudogenes. If a small gene’s promoter is included in the transcribed portion of the gene, the stable transcript can be duplicated and reinserted into the genome multiple times. The elements produced by this process are called SINEs.
Conserved Regulatory TEs.
When these elements are active in a genome, they can introduce new promoter regions, disrupt existing regulatory sites, or, if inserted into transcribed regions, alter splicing patterns. A particular transposed element will be positively selected for if the altered expression it produces confers an adaptive advantage. This has resulted in some of the conserved regions found in humans. Nearly 25% characterized promoters in humans contain transposed elements. This is of particular interest in light of the fact that most transposable elements humans are no longer active.
Pseudogenes.
Pseudogenes are vestiges of once-functional genes disabled by sequence deletions, insertions, or mutations. The primary evidence for this process is the presence of fully functioning orthologues to these inactivated sequences in lower-vertebrate genomes. Pseudogenes commonly emerge following a gene duplication or polyploidization event. With two functional copies of a gene, there is no selective pressure to maintain expressibility of both, leaving one free to accumulate mutations as a nonfunctioning pseudogene. This is the typical case, whereby neutral selection allows pseudogenes to accumulate mutations, serving as “reservoirs” of new genetic material, with potential to be reincorporated into the genome. However, some pseudogenes have been found to be conserved in mammals. The simplest explanation for this is that these noncoding regions may serve some biological function, and this has been found to be the case for several conserved pseudogenes. Makorin1 mRNA, for example, was found to be stabilized by its paralogous pseudogene, Makorin1-p1, which is conserved in several mouse species. Other pseudogenes have also been found to be conserved between humans and mice and between humans and chimpanzees, originating from duplication events prior to the divergence of the species. Evidence of these pseudogenes’ transcription also supports the hypothesis that they have a biological function. Findings of potentially functional pseudogenes creates difficulty in defining them, since the term was originally meant for degenerate sequences with no biological function.
An example of a pseudogene is the gene for L-gulonolactone oxidase, a liver enzyme necessary for biosynthesis of L-ascorbic acid (vitamin C) in most birds and mammals, but which is mutated in the haplorrhini suborder of primates, including humans which require ascorbic acid or ascorbate from food. The remains of this non-functional gene with many mutations is still present in the genomes of guinea pigs and humans.
UCRs.
Ultraconserved regions (UCRs) are regions over 200 bp in length with 100% identity across species. These unique sequences are mostly found in noncoding regions. It is still not fully understood why the negative selective pressure on these regions is so much stronger than the selection in protein-coding regions. Though these regions can be seen as unique, the distinction between regions with a high degree of sequence conservation and those with perfect sequence conservation is not necessarily one of biological significance. One study in Science found that all extremely conserved noncoding sequences have important regulatory functions regardless of whether the conservation is perfect, making the distinction of ultraconservation appear somewhat arbitrary.
CNSs in Comparative Genomics: Evolutionary Insights.
The conservation of both functional and nonfunctional noncoding regions provides an important tool for comparative genomics, though conservation of cis-regulatory elements has proven particularly useful.
The presence of CNSs could be due in some cases to a lack of divergence time, though the more common thinking is that they perform functions which place varying degrees of constraint on their evolution. Consistent with this theory, cis-regulatory elements are commonly found in conserved noncoding regions. Thus, sequence similarity is often used as a parameter to limit the search space when trying to identify regulatory elements conserved across species, though this is most useful in analyzing distantly related organisms, since closer relatives have sequence conservation among nonfunctional elements as well.
Orthologues with high sequence similarity may not share the same regulatory elements. These differences may account for different expression patterns across species. Conservation of noncoding sequence is important for the analysis of paralogs within a single species as well. CNSs shared by paralogous clusters of Hox genes are candidates for expression regulating regions, possibly coordinating the similar expression patterns of these genes.
Comparative genomic studies of the promoter regions of orthologous genes can also detect differences in the presence and relative positioning of transcription factor binding sites in promoter regions. Orthologues with high sequence similarity may not share the same regulatory elements. These differences may account for different expression patterns across species .
The regulatory functions commonly associated with conserved non-coding regions are thought to play a role in the evolution of eukaryotic complexity. On average, plants contain fewer CNSs per gene than mammals. This is thought to be related to their having undergone more polyploidization, or genome duplication events. During the subfunctionalization that ensues following gene duplication, there is potential for a greater rate of CNS loss per gene. Thus, genome duplication events may account for the fact that plants have more genes, each with fewer CNSs. Assuming the number of CNSs to be a proxy for regulatory complexity, this may account for the disparity in complexity between plants and mammals .
Because changes in gene regulation are thought to account for most of the differences between humans and chimpanzees, researchers have looked to CNSs to try to show this. A portion of the CNSs between humans and other primates have an enrichment of human-specific single-nucleotide polymorphisms, suggesting positive selection for these SNPs and accelerated evolution of those CNSs. Many of these SNPs are also associated with changes in gene expression, suggesting that these CNSs played an important role in human evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="30931462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931462" title="The Dopamines">
The Dopamines

The Dopamines is an American punk-rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio, formed in late 2006 by Matt Hemingway (drums), Jon Lewis (guitar, vocals) and Jon Weiner (bass, vocals). 
In 2008, Hemingway left the band (over personal matters) and Michael Dickson quickly took over as the permanent drummer. 
Occasionally, the band tours with a second guitarist, the position most frequently filled by Mikey Erg from The Ergs!. Roger Lima, from Less Than Jake, and Dan Webb, from Dan Webb and the Spiders, have also filled the spot of touring guitarist over the course of the band's history.
Origin (2006).
The Dopamines formed as a side-project band, focusing on the ethos of "not taking ourselves or our band seriously" as a response to the overwhelming seriousness of the members' experience with previous bands they were in. 
In 2006, both Lewis and Hemingway were in the skate-punk band Black Tie Bombers, another local Cincinnati band. Black Tie Bombers frontman Ryan Rockwell (Mixtapes) and Lewis had started a side-project band Ukraine Crane with Weiner in 2005, thus linking the introduction of The Dopamines founding members. 
After a short tour with the pop-punk band The Queers in 2007 (which began the long-term relationship with Matt "Drastic" Yonker who was drumming with The Queers at the time and would go on to record most of The Dopamines' material), Black Tie Bombers disbanded on mutual terms; Ukraine Crane followed suit shortly thereafter. 
By this time Hemingway, Lewis and Weiner had already taken their side project to the next level, honing their sound and style in the form of a six-song demo that quickly gained momentum thanks to the Pop Punk Message Board, an online forum centered around pop-punk music from all over the world. Through the message board, It's Alive Records owner Adam Ali sought out the trio and offered to release what would become the band's 2008 self-titled début album.
Début album; split record with Till Plains; and the Insuborination Fest live CD/DVD (2007–2008).
In the summer 2007, the band went to the Drastic Sounds studio, in Nashville, Tennessee; Drastic Sounds is the home studio of Yonker, better known as the drummer of the Teen Idols and Bullets to Broadway. Drastic Sounds and The Dopamines would begin a long and rewarding relationship / friendship together, beginning with an 18 song recording session lasting just under two weeks. 
Fourteen songs were kept for the self-titled full-length album and two would later be released in December 2008 on a split 7" record with Till Plains, both on It's Alive Records. The remaining two songs "Bad Day" and "Pity Party" (demo versions can be heard on the band's self-titled demo) have still never received an official release, but have been distributed by the band in the past digitally via the PPMB . 
The album's official release was at the Insubordination Fest, in Baltimore, Maryland the band's first festival appearance after a short tour with the Jetty Boys and The Leftovers. This is probably the genesis of the "crazy, beer fueled shows" for which the band would eventually become known. That weekend, video crews recorded the entire festival, and band's set would later be released (amongst many others) on Insubordination Records as a live CD/DVD.
The critical response to the self-titled album was positive and enthusiastic. The punk-rock fanzine "Razorcake" described, "…they sound like they're having the times of their lives, playing to a sweaty basement of wigging-out friends. That energy and the precision how they play make this record a fun, strong listen." 
"Soap and Lampshades" EP; departure of Matt Hemingway; "Songs About Fucking Up", "Dangerous Intersections III" (2008–2009).
Following the Insubordination Fest, the band returned to Drastic Studios to record eight more songs in two days in July 2008.
In September 2008, a personal dispute within the band at a local Cincinnati show resulted in the departure of Drummer Matt Hemingway. Instead of resolving matters post-incident, Lewis and Weiner would choose to move on without Matt and seek a new drummer.
Shortly after Hemingway's departure, Lewis and Weiner returned to Drastic Sounds to complete tracking on what would become "The Soap and Lampshades" six song EP. Matt Hemingway opted to take back a song he wrote for the EP, leaving the B-side "My Future's so Bright I Have to Wear Night Vision Goggles" as the only remaining track from the session. That song would end up on Volume III of the Traffic Street Records "Dangerous Intersections" 4- way split series along with Todd Congelliere, Apocalypse Meow and Closet Fairies.
With ample time left at the studio, Jon, Jon, and Matt Yonker (filling in on Drums for the session) recorded two new songs "Try This Kids at Home!" and "October 24th" for the "Songs About Fucking Up" split 7" with the Copyrights on It's Alive Records. 
Both 7"s were released in the spring of 2009.
Touring; "Expect The Worst"; Arrival of Mikey Erg (2009-2010).
In 2009, the band released an extended play "Soap And Lampshades"; a split album with The Copyrights; and a live CD and DVD of its performance at the 2008 Insubordination Fest. 
In 2010, the band released its second album "Expect The Worst" on Paper + Plastick Records, and went on tour with Paper + Plastick founder Vinnie Fiorello's band Less Than Jake. 
In March 2011, the band started recording on a new album, produced by Yonker; the album, "Vices", was released in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30931472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931472" title="Aadu Puli">
Aadu Puli

Aadu Puli is a 2011 Indian Tamil masala–action film written and directed by newcomer Vijay Prakash. Starring Aadhi, Poorna, Prabhu Ganesan and Suresh, the film released on 18 February 2011. The film opened to negative reviews and was an Average Grosser at the Box office.

</doc>
<doc id="30931478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931478" title="Passo do Sabão">
Passo do Sabão

Passo do Sabão () is a Brazilian district within the municipality of Viamão, in Rio Grande do Sul. It belongs to the group of three districts predominantely urban, with Viamão and Viamópolis. Passo do Sabão is also a district with a large population, with about 41% of the inhabitants of the municipality.
The origin of the district.
In 1895, the municipality of Viamão was divided into districts by administrative act: Viamão, Estiva, Itapuã and Lombas. In the course of decades, and because of political changes, the nomenclature and number of districts have been modified. In December 1953, the district in Passo do Sabão was created, which covered the western section of the municipality.
The district and the population.
In the 1960s, industrial development in the municipality of Porto Alegre elevated the participation of secondary and tertiary sectors in the regional economy. This process provided a significant increase in the flow of migrant workers which left the inner cities to the capital in order to obtain better working conditions. The difficulty imposed by the city of Porto Alegre in the marketing of lots conducted this population to outlying regions and the neighboring municipalities, where the regulations were mild. Being situated on the banks of the road called the Mato Grosso, Passo do Sabão became attractive, and has received an increasing number of families.
Urban zone.
The urban area of the Passo do Sabão covers most of the district. While retaining good in infrastructure and trade developed in some areas, the district also suffers the lack of basic items such as sanitation in several places.
Commercial development.
The region for further development in the district is composed of the Santa Isabel and Santa Cecilia subdivisions, where commercial activity has developed by small businesses since the 1950s. In 1980, the region became the second most developed area of the municipality. The location of the district and its large population attracted major companies in the services sector.
The Infrastructure in peripheral settlements.
Passo do Sabão, on the other hand, lacks infrastructure in their peripheral regions. In Augusta Marina and Augusta Fiel settlements, most households are not connected to sewage networks. The lack of sanitation programs leads to population to dump the debris of their houses in the open streets, which flow without treatment to the streams region, thus polluting soil and environment. The neglect of the population is also degrading the streams that cross these blends. In Augusta Marina, Cantegril and Santa Cecília streams receive large amounts of garbage, which together with the geography of the region, it's raining cause numerous disorders such as floods and floods.
The floodplainds.
With a geography low and flat areas around the Teodoro Luis de Castro street in Augusta Meneguini village suffer from waterlogging and flooding. Owned by region of a former swamp, the blending part of watershed the Feijó stream and is the meeting point of its five tributaries:
Rural zone.
The countryside of the Passo do Sabão covers a small area in the region northeast of district.
The political losses.
The district in Passo do Sabão suffered losses during the 1990s in its political geography.
Viamópolis.
In 1991, the then mayor of Viamão Jorge Chiden, signed a new decree, which was intended to reshape the political administrative division in the municipality. Then came the district of Viamópolis in region which then corresponded to the southeastern portion of the Passo do Sabão.
Parque Índio Jari.
In December 1995, the state government issued the decree in order to annex part of Parque Índio Jari settlement to the city of Porto Alegre. With this, the Passo do Sabão lost an area, which previously belonged to the northern end of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="30931488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931488" title="Philip Poole-Wilson">
Philip Poole-Wilson

Philip Alexander Poole-Wilson FRCP, FESC, FACC, FMedSci (26 April 1943 – 4 March 2009) was a British academic cardiologist of international reputation who had particular interest in the management of heart failure. His research helped to identify the cellular mechanisms behind heart failure and was also important in improving treatment for patients. He was instrumental in raising the profile of heart failure as a major public health problem.
Early life.
Poole-Wilson was born in London. His father Denis was a genitourological surgeon who developed an internationally recognised department of urology in Manchester.
Poole-Wilson was educated at Marlborough College in Wiltshire where he was senior scholar, Trinity College, Cambridge, and St Thomas' Hospital Medical School (now a part of King's College London), University of London, where he was an exhibitioner and received the Stewart Grainger Prize.
At the University of Cambridge, Poole-Wilson was a major scholar, initially studying maths and physics before switched to natural sciences and then to medicine.
Medical career.
After qualifying in medicine in 1967, Poole-Wilson started his career with training posts in London hospitals. In 1973 he was awarded a British-American Research Fellowship, supported by the British Heart Foundation, and undertook research in the well-known heart lab at UCLA, California, then under the chairmanship of Glenn Langer. There he learnt to measure the movement of K, Na and Ca ions in the isolated, but arterially perfused, interventricular preparation which could be made truly ischaemic. He studied the effects of acidosis and ischaemia on myocardial function and Ca exchange and his early results suggested that developed force and Ca exchange were more responsive to acidosis within the cell than to extracellular acidosis. Something we are much more aware of today. Returning to the UK in 1976 he was appointed senior lecturer at the Cardiothoracic Institute (later to become the National Heart and Lung Institute ) under Peter Harris for whom he had eternal regard. His honorary consultant physician status at the National Heart Hospital allowed him to investigate the mechanisms underlying K ion loss from hypoxic and ischaemic tissue both in the laboratory and in the clinic where he was one of the first to measure the K ion concentration and pH in the coronary vessels of humans using catheter-based ion sensitive electrodes.
In 1982 Poole-Wilson was appointed professor of cardiology at the University of London and then in 1988, he became the British Heart Foundation Simon Marks professor of cardiology at NHLI. He was also honorary consultant physician at the Royal Brompton Hospital London, and, from 2003, head of cardiovascular sciences at NHLI. He was the first head of NHLI (1997–2000) when it became a division of the faculty of medicine of Imperial College London.
He retired from clinical practice in 2008 but continued as emeritus professor of cardiology at NHLI.
Research achievements.
Poole-Wilson was interested in heart failure, coronary heart disease and the global prevention of heart disease and stroke. Heart failure was his major research focus and his work covered both basic science (laboratory studies) and clinical research. He was an enthusiastic supporter of high-quality fundamental research and a strong advocate of translational research so that what was learnt in the laboratory could be implemented more quickly and efficiently in medical practice.
Following his early interest in the movement of K, Na and Ca ions across cardiac cell membranes and how these altered contraction, he became interested in studying similar processes that lead to the decline of contractile function as the heart started to fail. At the same time his clinical work with George Sutton at Hillingdon Hospital led to them writing a letter to the BMJ highlighting a concern with the prevalence of heart failure in the community. Philip Poole-Wilson succeeded in bringing these two areas - the pathophysiology and the clinical predicament - together, eventually leading an academic department that bridged the interface of those disciplines. His own work led to greater understanding of the cellular mechanisms underlying ischaemic and failing myocardium. The overall process led to him becoming an expert in the manifestations of heart failure at the cellular, organ, and whole body levels, an expert in designing therapies appropriate for dealing with the symptoms of the disease and an expert in the disease implications for healthcare worldwide.
Further research, with others, helped elucidate the body’s neurohormonal response in heart failure. This in turn helped development of modern drug therapy for heart failure which has markedly improved the prognosis for patients. He made a major start to the study of muscle changes in heart failure, which he carried on for many years with colleague, Professor Andrew Justin Stewart Coats under the banner "The Muscle Hypothesis" the accepted explanation for the generation of exercise-limiting symptoms in chronic heart failure, but at the time a radical theory. More prosaic perhaps, but important to day-to-day practice, Poole-Wilson played a part in introducing the six-minute walk test as an easy way of assessing exercise capacity in patients with heart failure. He published a paper on this in 1986. Unknown to him, a similar article had been published a few months earlier by researchers in Canada. In an interview shortly before his death Poole-Wilson commented: "We both copied the idea from the lung doctors, but the test is now used worldwide, and that is what matters."
His interests in the epidemiology of heart failure involved him in studies which showed that heart failure in the UK was much more common than was generally thought and that it was most often caused by coronary heart disease.
Cardiovascular disease in women and the effects of ovarian hormones in arteries were also among his special interests. Studies he helped design and became involved with included the effects of oestradiol-17B on intracellular calcium regulation in cardiac and endothelial cells, the effects of oestrogen in coronary arteries in vivo that showed beneficial effects in women, not in men and those that showed positive effects of estradiol in women with Syndrome X.
He realized that patients with heart failure could be rescued from acute decompensation by drugs, but for many, a lifetime on heart failure medication offers a limited existence. The advent of reliable, untethered, left ventricular assist devices (LVADs), a form of artificial heart, interested him greatly and together with Stephen Westaby at Oxford he assessed a number of patients who subsequently received the Jarvic axial impellor pump as a life-time treatment. None of these patients were suitable for transplantation. Although the series was small it was published in the Lancet. One of these patients survived for 7 years and served as an excellent ambassador for the idea of life-time treatment with an LVAD. Of course Philip was most anxious to carry out a proper randomized controlled trial to obtain proper evidence and avoid the risk of "technology creep". Unfortunately this was not achieved but eventually it will happen and when it does Philip’s pioneering efforts should be remembered.
He was chairman or a member of the steering committee of many large-scale international drug trials that have influenced treatment of cardiovascular disease. These include ATLAS (lisinopril in heart failure), COMET (beta-blockers in heart failure), ACTION (nifedipine in chronic angina), and SENIORS (management of heart failure in the elderly).
He published widely, with 557 items on PubMed as of February 2011 (several studies with which he was involved were published after his death).
National and international work.
Poole-Wilson was founding chairman of the British Society for Heart Failure (1998). He sat on many committees within the UK including the Department of Health, the Medical Research Council, the British Heart Foundation and the Royal College of Physicians.
In his later career, he became influential on the wider political stage. In 1994 he became the first English (and at the age of 51 the youngest ever) president of the European Society of Cardiology (after serving as a councillor in 1988 and as secretary in 1990), serving until 1996. During his presidency the society underwent significant enlargement and reorganisation and strengthened its strategic role. He was president of the World Heart Federation from 2003 to 2005 and worked hard to raise awareness of the epidemic of chronic cardiovascular disease in developing countries at a time when more attention was focused on infectious disease.
As a result of blending basic science with clinical medicine and being politically active one of Poole-Wilson’s major accomplishments was the organization of international cardiology. He began his career when cardiology in most European countries was dominated by national societies in which basic science and clinical medicine were almost entirely separate areas of study. As a result, information was generally exchanged among small groups of scientists and physicians who had trained together, spoke a single language, and shared a limited viewpoint. By playing a major role in the development of the European Society of Cardiology, which he then helped integrate with other international societies, Philip Poole-Wilson can be viewed as one of the founders of modern cardiology.
In 2006, he was successfully awarded a grant from the British Council under the UK-India Education and Research Initiative (UKIERI). This research collaboration he organised, between the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, and the Royal Brompton Hospital and Imperial College, continues to flourish, and aims to improve public health using varied strategies for the diagnosis and management of Heart Failure. The projects involve all levels of staff and both British and Indian patients, with alternating annual symposia in Delhi and London, held in his name"
It has been suggested that Philip Poole-Wilson can also be considered the 'father of heart failure' across Europe and even across the world, and that it was largely thanks to his efforts to raise the profile of heart failure that it is no longer considered the Cinderella of cardiology. He looked upon cardiology as "my hobby". It was an extremely successful hobby.
Death.
Poole-Wilson died from a heart attack in London, in 2009, aged 65 years, while travelling to lecture medical students.
Family.
He married Mary Tattersall in 1969 and they had two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="30931499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931499" title="William Martin (naturalist)">
William Martin (naturalist)

William Martin (1767 – 31 May 1810) was an English naturalist and palaeontologist who proposed that science should use fossils as evidence to support the study of natural history. Martin published the first colour pictures of fossils and the first scientific study of fossils in English.
Biography.
Martin was born in Mansfield in 1767. His father worked in the hosiery business, but he left to become an actor in Ireland with the stage name of Joseph Booth. His father was also an inventor and portrait painter who died in London in 1797. Martin's abandoned mother, who was born Mallatratt, was also an actress. 
Whilst still a child he appeared on the stage, both as a five year old dancer, and later giving recitations. It was arranged for Martin to learn draughtsmanship from James Bolton in Halifax. From 1782 to 1785 he was with a Derbyshire acting troupe when he met White Watson with whom he was to collaborate in a work on Derbyshire fossils. His work with fossils and natural history eventually led to Martin being elected a fellow of the Linnaean Society. Like Watson, Martin was influenced by the work of Derbyshire geologist, John Whitehurst. Whitehurst had published "An Inquiry into the Original State and Formation of the Earth" in 1778 which contained an important appendix which concerned "General Observations on the Strata in Derbyshire". However, it was Abraham Mills FRS who switched Martin from zoology to paleontology at some time before 1789. Martin published "Figures and Descriptions of Petrifications collected in Derbyshire" in 1793. 
Martin worked with White Watson to create joint publications, but the partnership did not work well with Watson claiming that he was not receiving sufficient credit. Martin later published some of Watson's work on fossils using only his own name and without giving credit to Watson. Martin had six children with his "unfortunate, but interesting" wife who, like his parents, had been on the stage before her second marriage to Martin in 1797. In 1798 their son William Charles Linnaeus Martin was born. He was given the name Linnaeus in honour of Martin's interest in the classification of living things. His son was to write numerous books on natural history after becoming the scientific officer to the Zoological Society.
Martin was employed as a writing teacher, initially working at Burton-on-Trent in 1798, then in Buxton. Finally, in 1805, he moved to Macclesfield, where he taught at Macclesfield Grammar School. Martin's interest in nature did not diminish and he would send artifacts to James Sowerby who would illustrate them for him.
Martin did some provincial acting until 1809, and he owned a quarter share in Buxton Theatre. In 1809 he published "Petrifacta Derbiensia", which he dedicated to Sir Joseph Banks. "Petrifacta Derbiensia" contained illustrations, the first in colour, which helped Martin describe the fossils and Carboniferous limestone he had studied in Derbyshire. Identification was still uncertain. The horn coral, illustrated here, was thought to possibly be from a type of undiscovered bamboo.
"Petrifacta Derbiensia" records another fossil which Martin considered a type of straightened Nautilus. He recounts that White Watson's uncle and workers at the Ashford Black Marble quarry called some of the fossils "crocodile tails" as they had been thought to be the remains of a small crocodile tail. Martin thought that none of the fossils in the book were the remains of crocodiles.
Martin also published "Outlines of an Attempt to establish a Knowledge of Extraneous Fossils on Scientific Principles" in 1809. Martin had published the first scientic study of fossils and palaeontology in English, and he met John Farey to discuss the possibility of a joint effort to create a geological map of Derbyshire. Martin's consumption, however, prevented further planning, and he died in Macclesfield at the end of May 1810. He was buried in Christ Church, Macclesfield and a collection was required to care for his children and his mother.
Legacy.
Martin's work with brachiopods was honoured in 1844 when the genus "Martinia" was named after him. Seven years later he was again remembered when the Derbyshire fossil coral "Lithostrotion martini" was named. Martin's work and biography is described in the minerals section of Derby Museum and Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="30931504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931504" title="List of state leaders in the 16th century BC">
List of state leaders in the 16th century BC

This is a list of state leaders in the 16th century BC (1600 BC–1501 BC). The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "King" under the heading "Assyria" means "King of Assyria") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="30931509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931509" title="Jatara (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Jatara (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Jatara Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes since 2008, following the delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies. It came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Jatara (constituency number 44) is one of the 5 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Tikamgarh district. This constituency covers the Jatara and Lidhorakhas nagar panchayats and parts of Jatara and Palera tehsils of the district.
Jatara is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Tikamgarh, Prithvipur, Niwari and Khargapur in this district and Maharajpur, Chhatarpur and Bijawar in Chhatarpur district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30931511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931511" title="Nconf">
Nconf

NConf is an open source tool for configuring the Nagios network monitoring system (and its fork Icinga). It is mainly targeted at sysadmins who are looking for a more convenient way of managing their Nagios configuration files through the use of a graphical user interface, as opposed to maintaining the configuration files with a text editor. 
NConf allows central management of a distributed monitoring environment. It also offers various enterprise-like features such as LDAP authentication, a database API and configuration deployment over secure protocols (SCP, HTTPs). An import mechanism for importing existing configuration files is also available.
NConf is written mainly in PHP and Perl. All data is stored in a MySQL database. Dependencies for NConf are: Nagios, Apache web server, PHP, Perl, and MySQL.
History.
Development on NConf began in 2006. It was originally developed and used in-house exclusively by Sunrise Communications AG, a Swiss telecommunications provider. In 2009 Sunrise decided to make the software available to the public under the GNU General Public License (GPL). As of 2011, NConf source code is hosted in a public repository on GitHub.

</doc>
<doc id="30931566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931566" title="William Pitcairn">
William Pitcairn

William Pitcairn (9 May 1712– 25 November 1791) was a British physician.
He was born in Dysart, Fife, Scotland, the second son of the Revd David Pitcairn. He studied first at the University of Leiden and then at the University of Rheims, where he was awarded his MD. He returned to England and obtained a second degree in medicine from Oxford University in 1749. 
He moved to London and became physician to St Bartholomew's Hospital, London. He became a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and gave their Goulstonian lectures in 1752. He became their President from 1775 to 1784.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1770 as someone " "distinguished by his application to Botany and success in rearing scarce and foreign plants""
He died in Islington, London on 25 November 1791 and was buried in a vault in the church of St Bartholomew the Less, London within the hospital walls. 

</doc>
<doc id="30931602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931602" title="Günter Weiler">
Günter Weiler

Günter Friedrich Weiler (born 27 April 1951 in Duisburg, Germany) is a retired Lieutenant General of the German Army, the Bundeswehr. From 16 September 2010 until 9 April 2013, he was the Deputy Inspector General of the Bundeswehr.
Initial service.
Weiler joined the Bundeswehr in 1969, and was assigned to Battalion 44 in Arolsen. He started his training as an armored officer and in 1974, he became a tank platoon leader. He continued his service as an intelligence officer (S2). In 1976, Weiler became the company commander of the 2nd Company of Panzer Battalion 54 (later 64), in Wolfhagen.
In 1982 he entered the general staff course at the Bundeswehr Leadership Academy in Hamburg, where he graduated in 1984. Subsequent to his graduation, he was promoted to major and transferred to Münster, where he served on the staff of I Corps as a general staff officer for operations and training. One year later he was assigned as the chief of staff of the 30th Mechanized Brigade in Ellwangen, where he served from 1985 until 1987. 
In 1987, Weiler was transferred to the Federal Ministry of Defence, in Bonn. He served there until 1989 as a military adviser for policy in the Ministry of Defence. After this assignment, he took command of Panzer Battalion 184 in Boostedt until 1991. 
Subsequently, he was assigned to the Bundeswehr Leadership Academy in Hamburg, where he served as a lecturer on military leadership for the general staff course. In 1992, he returned to the Federal Ministry of Defense in Bonn, where he served from 1992 until 1994 as press secretary for Lieutenant General Helge Hansen, who was the Inspector-General of the German Army. From 1994 until 1997, Weiler served as adjutant to the Federal Minister of Defense, Volker Rühe.
General officer.
On 5 September 1997, Weiler took over the command of Panzer Brigade 39, in Erfurt until the unit was disbanded on 30 September 2001. In 1998, during this assignment, he deployed overseas with SFOR in Bosnia and Herzegovina, where he served as commander of the Multinational Brigade Centre in Rajlovac. In 1999, he was promoted to brigadier general.
In 2001, Weiler moved to Berlin where he served until 2005 as the first deputy in charge of the planning staff. Promoted to major general, on 1 March 2005 he took command of the 14th Panzergrenadier Division in Neubrandenburg. He led 14th Division for a year until April 2006.
Promoted to lieutenant general in 2006, Weiler was then assigned as the Deputy Inspector-General of the Army until autumn 2010. For his final assignment, Weiler was assigned as the Deputy Inspector General of the Bundeswehr on 16 September 2010, succeeding Lieutenant General Johann-Georg Dora. Lieutenant General Weiler retired from military service in 2013.
Awards.
On 3 October 2010, at a ceremony in Berlin, Weiler represented the Bundeswehr for the presentation of the Quadriga Award.

</doc>
<doc id="30931605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931605" title="David Bohrman">
David Bohrman

David Bohrman is a television and new media executive, working in network television news, cable news, new media, internet, convergence and consulting. Bohrman created almost a dozen new TV news programs at ABC News, NBC News (MSNBC), CNN, and TechTV. 
Bohrman served as Senior Vice President and the Washington, D.C., bureau chief for CNN. In this role, Bohrman oversaw newsgathering, political coverage and programming for the Washington bureau and all special events for CNN globally. In early 2011, he then became the Chief Innovation Officer for CNN Worldwide.
Bohrman is the former President of Current TV.
Life.
Family.
David Bohrman was born in Hollywood, California, the son of Delle Bohrman and Stan Bohrman. His mother is a television writer. His father, Stan Bohrman was an award winning radio and television newsman, hosting Tempo on KHJ-TV in Los Angeles in the late 1960s and early 1970s with co-hosts Maria Cole and Regis Philbin. Stan had an extensive career in news and investigative reporting, including several years as the primary anchor at KPIX-TV in San Francisco, and as leader of the "I-Team" at KYW in Philadelphia. He died in 1994. Bohrman established an endowed fund for investigative reporting in his father's name at Stanford University.
Bohrman currently lives in Washington, D.C. with his wife Catherine Bohrman who is a sculptor focusing mainly on bronzes. They have two children.
Education.
Bohrman simultaneously earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in French and a Bachelor of Science in Physical Science from Stanford University. He later earned his Master's of Science in Journalism at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
Work.
Innovation.
During the 2008 presidential race Bohrman created the YouTube Debates, the Kodak Theater Debate, and the Reagan Library Debate in front of Air Force One. The 2008 election cycle also is known for his implementation of what became known as the "magic wall" (Multi-Touch Collaboration Wall) where CNN’s key analysts (especially John King) were able to take critical data visualization about the election to a new standard of depth and clarity. Also in 2008, on election night (as the key producer in charge of the global CNN Election Night in America program) he introduced television's first real-time "hologram" as correspondent Jessica Yellin and The Black Eyed Peas' will.i.am were "beamed" into the studio from Grant Park in Chicago where the Barack Obama celebration was taking place.
Innovation has always been part of David Bohrman's work in politics and elections. The 2004 election cycle saw two key breakthroughs of his that fundamentally changed how elections, conventions, and even daily news can be produced. First was his idea to fully anchor CNN’s convention coverage from the convention floor, not the traditional anchor booth. This gave viewers a totally unique and more realistic sense of the proceedings than ever before and this continued through 2008. The second production leap that year came on election night. The program broke the traditional mold and originated at the NASDAQ Market Site in Times Square. The multiple screens brought the viewers additional content, from demographics to video feeds to 50 simultaneous vote boards to large individual boards. That venture led to the creation of The Situation Room on CNN, which relied on multiple video screens to tell stories. 
The roots of innovation in politics for Bohrman go back to the 1988 and 2000 races for the White House. In 1988 he created the first electronic "site" of election information for ABC News and Peter Jennings (the 10,000 "cards" of hyper-media linked election information felt very much like the websites that would follow in a few years). The effort resulted in a new media startup at ABC called ABC News InterActive, which created multimedia award-winning products from ABC News.
For the 2000 political conventions in Philadelphia and Los Angeles, Bohrman was CEO of Pseudo.com, an internet television network. Pseudo not only had multiple video streams live during the convention, but also a skybox in the arena, and several 360 degree cameras, one of which was “gathered” by the Smithsonian and put into the permanent collection of items related to US Presidents.
Programs Created.
as Executive Producer or Executive-in-Charge:
Also: one of the original producers on Nightline in 1980. Served as the program’s Senior Producer in New York.
Patent.
Granted US Patent # 5,109,482 (which concerns a method for using a computer to retrieve and playback video segments from an interactive videodisc).
Network Highlights.
As CNN's Senior Vice President and Washington Bureau Chief, he was in charge of all programming, production and newsgathering for CNN in Washington DC as well as overseeing CNN's global Special Events division. He produced the 2008 Election Night in America program which had more viewers than any of the other broadcast and cable networks and the highest primetime ratings in CNN’s history. He has produced all the major news events and political programs on CNN for a decade (including the 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008, and 2010 elections and primaries).
Prior to his tenure in Washington, DC, David Bohrman spent 25 years working in New York. After producing all the live coverage from New York on September 11, 2001, he served as the creator and executive in charge of Newsnight with Aaron Brown the signature CNN news program that followed Larry King Live.
In 2000, Bohrman worked as the CEO of Pseduo, the world’s first and largest Interactive Internet Television Network. He oversaw a staff of more than 250 and produced more than 50 live hours of internet television per week.
From 1998-2000, Bohrman was Executive Vice President at CNNfn, the financial network and Executive-in-Charge for The Moneyline Newshour with Lou Dobbs. At CNNfn he oversaw the production, operations, news coverage, budgets, and graphics for the network.
Bohrman worked at NBC News as Executive Producer for Special Events and Breaking News from 1993-1997. He was responsible for all NBC News live coverage of all breaking news stories and major events.
Prior to joining NBC News – Bohrman spent more than 13 years (1980–1993) at ABC News. Where he served as Executive Producer of World News Now & ABC News InterActive TM, Senior Producer of Nightline, Special Events, World News Tonight and an original field producer on Nightline. He was the First Executive Producer and creator of ABC News’ entry into overnight news programming, World News Now. In 1988, he created the first new media unit at any major media company: ABC News InterActive. Interactive laserdiscs were primarily education-oriented and sold to thousands of schools nationwide. From 1983 to 1988 Bohrman served as Senior Producer of Special Events, Breaking News, and Political Broadcast Unit at ABC News. 
Bohrman started in television as a producer at KNXT-TV (Now KCBS) in Los Angeles.
Awards.
• Listed in 2011 Fast Company Most Innovative People in Business worldwide

</doc>
<doc id="30931639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931639" title="Wil Calhoun">
Wil Calhoun

Wil Calhoun is an American television producer and writer. 
He is best known for his work on the sitcom "Friends" for which he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy in 1999. In 2002, Calhoun along with Dan Schneider created the series "What I Like About You" starring Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth. His other television credits include "Jesse", "Sons & Daughters", "Caroline in the City", "Kath & Kim" and "Gary Unmarried".
In 1990, He guest starred twice on the action series "MacGyver", before pursuing a career behind the camera.

</doc>
<doc id="30931653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931653" title="Church of St Leonard at the Hythe, Colchester">
Church of St Leonard at the Hythe, Colchester

The Church of St Leonard at the Hythe, Colchester, is a redundant Anglican church in Colchester, Essex, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the north side of Hythe Hill, in the Hythe area of Colchester.
For many years St Leonard's served as the church of the port of Colchester. Its earliest fabric dates from the 14th century. Additions and alterations were made in the following century, and the hammerbeam roof of the nave dates from the early 16th century. During the Siege of Colchester in the Civil War, Royalist soldiers took refuge in the church. Bullet holes from this incident survive in the door. In the earthquake of 1884 the tower was damaged and its top stage was replaced.
The screens and furnishings date from the 19th and 20th centuries. Over the chancel arch is a mural dated 1901. Stained glass windows depict various saints. Over the centuries the church has required repeated restoration due to subsidence, or to inadequacies in the earlier construction.

</doc>
<doc id="30931665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931665" title="Hilary Bell">
Hilary Bell

Hilary Bell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30931692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931692" title="Jesse Jagz">
Jesse Jagz

Jesse Garba Abaga (born August 10, 1984), popularly know as Jesse Jagz, is a Nigerian hip hop artist, rapper, singer, producer and songwriter. He was previously signed to the Chocolate City music label along with his older brother Jude Abaga. He quit the record label in 2013 and has since started his own imprint known as Jagz Nation.
Early life.
Jesse Jagz (Jesse Garba Abaga) has been described as Nigeria’s Kanye West because of his flirtatious experimentation with different genres of music from R&B to roots reggae to pop all built on a predominantly hip hop foundation. Though a native of Jukun in Taraba State, Nigeria Jesse grew up in Jos, Plateau state in a music-filled environment where both parents (clergy) gave him access to the church choir and drums set by age 7.
Career.
He recorded his first album with a group named Gospel Insanity. Unfortunately, the album never got released due to fallout of some of the members. Jesse thereafter started producing beats professionally and formed another group, "Eleven Thirty" which quickly became a huge success in Jos.
In 2004, he hooked up with his brother Jude Abaga, a.k.a. MI; together they started Inner Hub Studios. By 2006, Jesse started a solo career with a debut-hit "Africa" that remained at #1 on the cool fm chart for months.
Between 2006 and 2007, Jesse Jagz had three songs simultaneously dominating the top ten charts on Cool FM, RayPower FM as well as Rhythm FM! becoming street anthems in and around the north of Nigeria.
Jesse Jagz hit songs include "Nobody Test Me", "Bend Down Low", "Sugar Cane Baby", and "The Greatest", while his hit song "My Brother" was selected as part of the International Music Entrepreneur of the Year (IYMEY) 2008 compilation.
In February 2009, the Award nominated producer and hip hop artist was selected to represent Nigeria at the 2009 edition of Sauti Za Busara Music Festival – a yearly international festival celebrating East African music and features top-quality musical performances by more than 400 established and upcoming artists (40 groups in total) and over the years has established itself as one of Africa’s leading music festivals which held in Zanzibar, Tanzania.
Jesse Jagz's hit singles "Wetin Dey", "Pump It Up" and "Nobody Test Me", in which he featured fellow artist Ice Prince and brother M.I (both rap artist), were chart toppers around the whole country. His production credits include M.I, Modenine, Silver Saddih, Banky W, Majek Fashek, Ruby, Ice Prince, Faze, Djinee, Kel, Shank, Tosin Martins, Sasha, Djah Djah (def jam poetry), Kahli, Pherowshuz among a host of others.
His debut music video, "Pump It Up", was released in November 2009 and got him positive reviews.
He released his debut album, "Jag of all tradez " in 2010 to critical acclaim. He was notably absent from the music scene in 2011 and 2012,returning in 2013 with a reggae infused style. He released the singles "Murder them" and "Redemption" in the 1st half of 2013 after parting ways with Chocolate City Music Group. The singles were released under his new imprint,Jagz Nation.
In June 2013,Jesse Jagz left Chocolate City and released his second album (his first as an Independent artist) "Jagz Nation Vol 1; Thy Nation Come ". With him rapping, Singing and handling most of the production on his first album,Jesse Jagz chose to seek the help of other producers such as Samklef,Shady and KidKonnect on his second album instead. The album features the likes of Brymo and Wizkid on it.

</doc>
<doc id="30931694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931694" title="Li Yantu">
Li Yantu

Li Yantu (李彥圖) (died 913) was a ruler of Qian Prefecture (虔州, in modern Ganzhou, Jiangxi) from 912 to 913, early in the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.
Nearly nothing is known about Li Yantu's personal background, including where or when he was born. In 912, when Li Qiu, who had seized control of Qian Prefecture after assassinating the prior ruler Lu Yanchang and subsequently was given the title of defender of Qian by Emperor Taizu of Later Liang, died, Li Yantu took over by himself and apparently took the title of defender of Qian as well. (It is not clear from the extant historical records whether he received official sanction from Later Liang and/or its rival Wu, to whom Lu had previously submitted.) After Li Yantu's seizure of power, the senior officer Tan Quanbo, a long-time strategist for Lu Yanchang's father Lu Guangchou, whom Li Qiu had considered killing, claimed to be seriously ill and retired from military service. Upon hearing of Tan's illness, Liu Yan the military governor of Qinghai Circuit (清海, headquartered in modern Guangzhou, Guangdong), nominally a Later Liang vassal, attacked Shao Prefecture (韶州, in modern Shaoguan, Guangdong), which had been part of the domain of the Qian Prefecture rulers since Lu Guangchou's time. Liao Shuang (廖爽) the prefect of Shao, whom Lu Yanchang had commissioned, abandoned Shao and fled to Chu, ending Qian rulers' control of Shao.
In 913, Li Yantu died. The people of the prefecture supported Tan to succeed him.

</doc>
<doc id="30931705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931705" title="Óglaigh na hÉireann (Real IRA splinter group)">
Óglaigh na hÉireann (Real IRA splinter group)

Óglaigh na hÉireann (often abbreviated as ONH) is the title taken by a small dissident Irish republican paramilitary group that has taken part as a belligerent in the armed conflict in Northern Ireland. It is unclear when it was actually formed. Some estimates claim it was formed in 2005 or 2006 shortly after the Provisional IRA's decision to decommission its arsenal of weaponry, by disillusioned hardline elements within the Provisional IRA. There's also a estimates the organisation was actually formed in 2009 as a splinter group of the largest dissident republican group the Real IRA (now called 'The IRA' after it merged with a number of groups in 2012). It is unknown whether Óglaigh na hÉireann has worked with other groups such as 'The IRA' or the Continuity IRA.
In December 2010, the group's strength was estimated to be about 50 members and it is recruiting and training in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. The group has carried out high-profile attacks on the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and the British Army in Northern Ireland.
Weaponry.
It is widely unknown to what weaponry Óglaigh na hÉireann has access to. However most of its attacks are down to Improvised Explosive Devices rather than conventional military weapons. These include coffee jar bombs, car bombs, pipe bombs, improvised mortars, under car booby traps and other booby traps. These are weapons that have been used in attacks they have claimed. Very recently it is widely believed Óglaigh na hÉireann is attempting to use mobile phone technology to trigger bombs and other home-made weapons. In August 2013 the group was blamed for planting a Katyusha Style Rocket in an undergrowth next to a field near Cullyhanna in South Armagh. The weapon was to be triggered using a mobile phone. This technology has never been used before in the hands of Irish Republican paramilitary groups and was widely used by the Lebanese Shia militant group Hezbollah and is still used by Palestinian militant groups such as Hamas along with Palestinian Islamic Jihad. It is not known how Óglaigh na hÉireann managed to obtain the knowledge to build such weapons.
Other attacks Óglaigh na hÉireann has carried out have used military conventional weapons such as grenades, assault rifles and pistols. In 2010 a man on a bicycle threw a 'Russian Type' hand grenade at PSNI officers attending a call to a bookies. The officers were injured and the grenade caused slight damage to a curb. In 2013 in West Belfast gun men opened fire on PSNI officers who has just left their vehicles to attend a call out in West Belfast. The officers dived for cover before returning to their vehicles and leaving the area. The PSNI never returned for a number of hours.

</doc>
<doc id="30931710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931710" title="Banbridge District Council">
Banbridge District Council

Banbridge Borough Council is the local authority of Banbridge in Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="30931731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931731" title="1940 Vrancea earthquake">
1940 Vrancea earthquake

The 1940 Vrancea earthquake, also known as the 1940 Bucharest earthquake, (Romanian: Cutremurul din 1940) occurred on Sunday, November 10, 1940 in Romania at 03:39 AM local time. 
The 1940 earthquake registered a magnitude of 7.4 or 7.7 on the Richter scale. Its epicenter lied in Vrancea zone at a depth of about 133 km. It was the first great earthquake in Romania's recent history.
Damage.
The earthquake's effects were devastating in central and southern Moldova and Walachia. The number of casualties was estimated at 1,600 dead while 12,100 are believed to have been injured, mostly in Moldova. Because the context in which it occurred, the exact number of victims was not known as this kind of information was censored during the war.
The earthquake was felt in Bucharest, where about 300 people were killed, most of them in the collapse of the Carlton Bloc. The Carlton building, a 14-story reinforced concrete structure, was the tallest building in the city at the time. Many other buildings in Bucharest were also considerably damaged. After the earthquake, the Romanian "General Association of Engineers" undertook a detailed study of earthquake effects on reinforced concrete buildings. The main conclusion was that the guidelines used for constructing reinforced concrete buildings, which were basically copied from the Germans, did not take into account possible seismic movement, as Germany is not located in an area with a high seismic risk. Following the study, new rules were developed and applied to all postwar buildings.
Focșani, a city 100 miles northeast of Bucharest and the epicentre of the quake, was reported in ruins; Galați, the site of the German submarine base, also suffered severely; and Giurgiu, the principal oil port on the Danube, saw public buildings and factories completely destroyed. In Câmpina, a densely populated oil town, refinery chimneys toppled, houses collapsed, and pipelines burst, dousing the ground with a sticky and inflammable threat. In the heavily guarded Ploiești, a few field fires broke out, but were later reported extinguished.

</doc>
<doc id="30931736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931736" title="Didier Lupi Second">
Didier Lupi Second

Didier Lupi Second (c.1520-after 1559) was a French composer, likely of Italian origin, based in Lyons. In 1548 he published "Chansons Spirituelles" with the poet Guéroult, the first such important publication of its kind by a Protestant. It includes "Susanne un jour", a composition which was arranged by many later composers. He also published collections of psalms, secular chansons and other works.
Works.
Selected works include:

</doc>
<doc id="30931738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931738" title="TWiiNS">
TWiiNS

TWiiNS are a Slovak twin pop duo consisting of sisters Daniela Nízlová and Veronika Nízlová who were born on 15 May 1986 in Hronský Beňadik.
The twins were background singers and dancers for Tereza Kerndlová, the Czech entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008. The duo are known for their cover of Italian singer Sabrina Salerno's "Boys (Summertime Love)" under the title "Boys, Boys, Boys" featuring German rapper Carlprit in January 2010.
TWiiNS will release a song featuring American rapper Flo Rida in 2012. They performed on his shows in Germany, where he spoke about their collaboration, and also in Miami, FL. 
TWiiNS are working on their second English singing album in Los Angeles, CA. They are working with American songwriter and producer Bryan Todd who worked also with The Pussycat Dolls singer Ashley Roberts.
Career.
They started to sing earlier than they started to speak. They attended the same schools and had a shared dream of becoming an international pop duet. At the completion of secondary school, the girls decided to attend Comenius University of Management. This move would help them manage their prospective music careers and both graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in management.
Shortly after completing school in 2000, the pop sensations were scouted by a major Slovakian record label that went on to offer them a recording deal. The TWiiNS formed a joint venture and released four albums for which they were awarded three Golden and one Platinum record. The girls went on to host their own TV show “Hitbox” for four years on TV Markiza. In the meantime they also made their acting debut playing leading roles as Tereza in the musical “Rebelove” showcased in Prague’s Broadway Theatre and in Bratislava as well.
Eurovision 2011.
They represented Slovakia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with their song, "I'm Still Alive", which failed to qualify for the final. Despite this, they still gave Slovakia their best result since re-entering the competition in 2009. The song was co-written and produced by Bryan Todd.
The song went to no.18 in Slovakia.
Fourth studio album: 2012-present.
In November 2013, the group released the single "One Night Stand" featuring American rapper Flo Rida.
Personal life.
On May 15, 2010, Daniela Nízlová (now Jančichová) got married to TWiiNS manager Braňo Jančích.

</doc>
<doc id="30931758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931758" title="Raeburn Shield">
Raeburn Shield

The Raeburn Shield is a hypothetical rugby union trophy. 
The trophy is named after Raeburn Place the site of the first ever international between England and Scotland, on 27 March 1871.
The concept is that it is a "Title Holder"s Shield, similar to a Boxing World Title or the Ranfurly Shield in New Zealand.
The proposed advantages are:

</doc>
<doc id="30931766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931766" title="Elk Bend, Idaho">
Elk Bend, Idaho

Elk Bend is an unincorporated community in Lemhi County, Idaho.
Elk Bend was originally established in the mid-1960s as a collection of real estate development projects. These projects were named the Salmon River Estates (Unit 1 and 2), with Salmon Meadows and its annex added later. While land was purchased and held on to for years, most development of the community didn't occur until the early 2000s, when residents who had previously bought land in the area reached retirement age and built houses and manufactured homes to retire to.
Elk Bend is loosely organized around its local volunteer fire department, and as such, locals use their designated fire unit numbers over the real estate development codes for their communities. Unit 1 and 2 share the same areas and names as their real estate designations, but Salmon Meadows Annex and Salmon Meadows are designated Units 3 and 4 respectively.
In local commercial development, Elk Bend has a local RV park/store, and the Sportsman Lodge and Bar in Unit 1. Each real estate unit is also served by separate water and sewage facilities, with different rules and organizations around each of them (for instance, using those services in Unit 2 makes you a collective shareholder in the company, Unit 1 is privately owned, and Units 3 and 4 provide seasonal rates). The rest of the community needs are filled through Salmon to the north, or Challis to the south.
Local 7-digit landline phone numbers start with 894.
Elk Bend is also credited as being the home of Dugout Dick, who had built a series of dugouts in caverns which he had hand carved himself throughout his life. The dugouts have since been collapsed and closed since his death, but his old cabin alongside where the dugouts used to exist has since been turned into a tourism site.
US 93 serves the community, connecting it with Salmon located 21 miles to the north and Challis located 38 miles to the south.
The elevation of Elk Bend is 4380 feet (1335 m) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="30931773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931773" title="Ann Preston">
Ann Preston

Ann Preston (December 1, 1813 – April 18, 1872) was an American doctor and educator.
Biography.
Born in West Grove, Pennsylvania, as one of eight siblings, she was raised as a Quaker by a Quaker minister Amos and his wife Margaret (née Smith) Preston. Three of the children were girls, but Ann was the only one to survive until adulthood. She was educated in a local school then attended a boarding school in Chester, Pennsylvania. However, she had to return home to care for her mother, who was terminally ill.
She became a member of the temperance movement and the Clarkson Anti-Slavery Society. After her younger brothers were old enough to care for themselves, she worked as a schoolteacher. In 1849, she published a book of nursery rhymes, "Cousin Ann's Stories". By the 1840s, she became interested in educating women about their bodies and taught all-female classes on hygiene and physiology. She was privately educated in medicine by Nathaniel Moseley from 1847–1849. Unable to gain admittance to male medical school because of biases against women, she entered the Quaker-run Female Medical College of Pennsylvania when it first opened, where she was one of eight women awarded an M.D. in the first graduating class of 1852. 
Dr. Preston returned to the college the following year for postgraduate work, then ran a series of lectures on hygiene for women. Beginning in 1853 she was a professor of physiology and hygiene at the Female Medical College of Pennsylvania. During the American Civil War, the college was closed due to lack of financial support. Preston began to suffer from rheumatic fever and exhaustion at this time. She was confined to Pennsylvania Hospital for the Insane for three months to recuperate.
After the college was re-opened, student Mary Putnam Jacobi was refused a medical degree by Edwin Fussel, even though she met the required qualifications. This resulted in a rift among the staff because most of them, including Dr. Preston, disagreed with the decision. Fussell
resigned following the incident and Preston became dean of the college from 1866–1872.
She was the first woman to become the dean of a medical school, a position that allowed her to champion the right of women to become physicians. In 1867 the Philadelphia County Medical Society objected to the practice of medicine by women, and Preston's defense disarmed much of the adverse criticism.
In 1871 she suffered from an attack of acute articular rheumatism, which left her in a weakened state. She suffered a relapse the following year and died on April 18, 1872.
Bibliography.
She also published various essays on the medical education of women.

</doc>
<doc id="30931811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931811" title="Robert Patton-Spruill">
Robert Patton-Spruill

Robert Patton-Spruill is an independent film director, screenwriter, producer, and teacher. His company, FilmShack, is based in Boston. Spruill lives in Roxbury, MA with his wife and daughter. Spruill is a professor at Emerson College, where he is Director in Residence.
Biography.
Spruill was born in Roxbury and raised by theatre artists James Spruill and Linda Patton, who worked with the New African Company. He attended BU, but decided to pursue film instead, and wrote the screenplay for his first film "Squeeze" while still in college. "Squeeze" (1997) was shot on a US$155,000 budget, and was cast with young Boston theatre students whom Spruill taught at the Dorchester Youth Collaborative. "Squeeze" was bought by Miramax at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival, after which Spruill was signed for international representation by the William Morris Agency in Hollywood. Patton-Spruill later moved back to Boston, where he currently resides.
Films & Career.
After his first film, Patton-Spruill directed "Body Count" (1998), a straight-to-video Showtime feature, after which he and his wife Patti Moreno over a 10-year period opened their own production company, studio, and rental business for low-budget filmmakers in his home town of Roxbury, MA. Since the opening of FilmShack in 2000, Spruill and Moreno produced numerous short films, music videos and independent features, including "Turntable" (AFI Film Festival, 2005). The music video Spruill directed for the popular hip hop band Public Enemy led to the production of the full-length documentary "Welcome to the Terrordome" (2007).
Spruill made the documentary "Do It Again" in 2010, which followed Boston Globe reporter Geoff Edgers on his irrational quest to reunite the classic rock band The Kinks. "Do It Again" premiered at the Rotterdam International Film Festival on January 28, 2010, and was shown at several film festivals. 
Other work directed by Spruill includes Garden Girl TV, a web series starring his wife as Patti Moreno the Garden Girl. The website has produced over 200 how-to videos about urban gardening, and FilmShack produces gardening and home improvement videos for HGTV.com.

</doc>
<doc id="30931813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931813" title="Craig Clyde">
Craig Clyde

Craig Clyde is an American actor, screenplay writer, and film director. He lives in Salt Lake City and is the father of K. C. Clyde. He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
Clyde is the cofounder of Majestic Entertainment Inc., a film production company based out of Utah. Currently Clyde and his son K.C. own Seerstone Entertainment. They write and produce independent films. 

</doc>
<doc id="30931816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931816" title="Guitar for the Practicing Musician">
Guitar for the Practicing Musician

Guitar for the Practicing Musician was a guitar magazine published in the United States by Cherry Lane Music from 1983 to 1999. In 1992, it was the most popular music publication at newsstands, selling 740,000 issues over a six-month period. It was popular for publishing songs with guitar and bass tabulature and standard notation, as well as interviews and instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="30931837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931837" title="Tan Quanbo">
Tan Quanbo

Tan Quanbo (譚全播) (834?-918?) was a ruler of Qian Prefecture (虔州, in modern Ganzhou, Jiangxi) from 913 to 918, early in the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period. He was a long-time strategist of Lu Guangchou, who ruled Qian Prefecture for 25 years, and after several transitional rulers after Lu's death was supported by the people to govern the prefecture. In 918, he was defeated by Wu forces, which took over Qian. He died shortly after.
Background.
It is not known when Tan Quanbo was born, but it is known that he was from Nankang (南康, in modern Ganzhou, Jiangxi). It was said that Tan was brave and intelligent in his youth, but he was more impressed with Lu Guangchou, who was also from Nankang. In the late Tang Dynasty, when the southern parts of the Tang realm was overrun by agrarian rebels, Tan encouraged Lu to start a rebellion as well, and Lu did so. When the group of rebels that they gathered wanted to support Tan as their leader instead, Tan yielded the leadership position to Lu, and further threatened to execute those who would not follow Lu's orders, bringing the rebels in line.
In 885, Lu captured Qian Prefecture. He took the title of prefect, and made Tan his chief strategist.
Under governance of Lu Guangchou.
In 902, Lu Guangchou made an attack south to enlarge his territory. He first captured Shao Prefecture (韶州, in modern Shaoguan, Guangdong), and he had his son Lu Yanchang take control of it. He then put Chao Prefecture (潮州, in modern Chaozhou, Guangdong) under siege, but was then repelled by Liu Yin the acting military governor of Qinghai Circuit (清海, headquartered in modern Guangzhou, Guangdong). Liu Yin then, despite his brother Liu Yan's opposition, attacked Shao Prefecture. Tan Quanbo laid an ambush for the Qinghai troops and defeated them, allowing Lu Guangchou to retain Shao. Despite the victory, Tan did not take credit and instead praised the other officers involved, causing Lu to trust him further.
In 910 (by which time Tang had fallen and the realm had been divided into a number of rival states, including Later Liang and Wu, both of which Lu nominally submitted to), Lu fell ill, and he wanted to yield his position to Tan. Tan declined. When Lu subsequently died, and Lu Yanchang arrived from Shao to mourn his father, Tan supported Lu Yanchang to succeed Lu Guangchou. Subsequently, both Wu's prince Yang Longyan and Later Liang's Emperor Taizu confirmed the succession. Tan continued to serve under Lu Yanchang.
Under governance of Lu Yanchang, Li Qiu, and Li Yantu.
By 911, Lu Yanchang had alienated his army by spending his time on hunts and games. He was assassinated by his officer Li Qiu, who took over Qian Prefecture and who also considered killing Tan Quanbo. Tan avoided being killed by claiming that he was old and ill and requesting retirement. Soon thereafter, Li Qiu died, and was succeeded by his officer Li Yantu. Also fearful of Li Yantu, Tan claimed that his sickness had gotten worse. Meanwhile, hearing that Tan was ill, Liu Yin's brother and successor Liu Yan, also nominally a Later Liang vassal, attacked Shao Prefecture. Shao's prefect Liao Shuang (廖爽) fled to Chu, ending the Qian rulers' hold on Shao.
As ruler of Qian.
Li Yantu died in 912. The people of Qian supported Tan to succeed him. Tan thereafter submitted to Later Liang, and Later Liang's Emperor Taizu made him the defender of Baisheng Circuit (a title that Lu Guangchou also carried) and the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Qian and Shao (even though the control of Shao had been lost by that point). It was said that over the next few years, Tan governed with benevolence.
In 918, Wu launched a major attack on Qian Prefecture, commanded by the officer Wang Qi (王祺), with troops from four prefectures — Hong (洪州, in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi), Fu (撫州, in modern Fuzhou, Jiangxi), Yuan (袁州, in modern Yichun, Jiangxi), and Ji (吉州, in modern Ji'an, Jiangxi). This attack came as a surprise to the people of Qian, as Wu's strategist Yan Keqiu had spent large amount of funds to employ engineers to open up the waterway through Ganshi (贛石, in modern Ji'an), which was difficult to navigate, to allow the Wu ships through. However, Qian had good natural defenses, and the Wu forces were not able to capture it quickly. The Wu forces then suffered through plagues, which killed many soldiers, including Wang, who was then replaced by Liu Xin (劉信).
Meanwhile, Tan sought aid from three states which were Later Liang vassals — Wuyue, Min, and Chu. In response, Wuyue's prince Qian Liu sent his son Qian Chuanqiu (錢傳球) to attack Wu's Xin Prefecture (信州, in modern Shangrao, Jiangxi); Chu's prince Ma Yin sent his officer Zhang Keqiu (張可求) to advance to Guting (古亭, in modern Ganzhou); and Min's prince Wang Shenzhi sent an army to advance to Yudu (雩都, in modern Ganzhou), all seeking to aid Tan. The Wuyue forces, however, were repelled by Xin's prefect Zhou Ben. Subsequently, Liu sent part of his army to repel the Chu army. When the Wuyue and Min forces heard that the Chu army had been repelled, they withdrew, leaving Tan without external aid.
Still, Liu could not capture Qian Prefecture, and in fall 918, he withdrew after extracting a tribute from Tan. When he sent a messenger to report this to the Wu regent Xu Wen, Xu was incensed and whipped Liu's messenger. He then gave Liu's son Liu Yingyan (劉英彥) 3,000 men and stated to Liu Yingyan:
When Liu Yingyan arrived at Liu Xin's army and relayed what Xu stated, Liu Xin, in fear, returned to Qian and attacked it again. The city fell. Tan fled to Yudu, but was captured there by Wu forces. They took Tan back to the Wu capital Jiangdu (江都, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu). Yang Longyan thereafter bestowed the title of military governor of Baisheng on Tan. He died shortly after at Jiangdu, at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="30931845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931845" title="GolfTEC">
GolfTEC

Created by Joe Assell and Mike Clinton in 1995, GolfTEC is a United States golf instruction company, teaching more than 25% of golf lessons annually in the United States. GolfTEC has 172 locations across the United States, Canada, Japan, and Korea. The Green Room, a Canada-based golf instruction company, purchased the rights to GolfTEC Canada and opened the first GolfTEC in North Vancouver in early 2011. GolfTEC’s Corporate headquarters are located outside of Denver, Colorado.
GolfTEC teaching philosophy.
According to the GolfTEC website, the golf instruction company believes there are five aspects to golf improvement. 
GolfTEC technology.
GolfTEC originally used medical technology to monitor golf swings. The g-Swing technology is now patented by GolfTEC and an introductory one-hour swing evaluation shows the exact angles of rotation and bend of a client’s golf swing from address to follow-through. 
GolfTEC digitally recorded the golf swings of 150 PGA Tour PGA Tour professionals. The swing analysis of the tour players is used to provide numbers for use in Swing Evaluations.
GolfTEC lessons.
GolfTEC lessons are taught by a Certified Personal Coach who has completed GolfTEC University. GolfTEC University teaches future coaches about GolfTEC technology and the teaching philosophy.
The majority of GolfTEC lessons are taught indoors in bays designed to monitor swing mechanics. GolfTEC’s Player Performance Center allows clients to view their swing, hear audio from their coach, see practice drills and schedule lessons online. 
GolfTEC teaches outdoor playing and short game lessons where clients work on course management, putting and shots from within 50 yards.
GolfTEC Improvement Centers.
There are 172 GolfTEC Improvement Centers across the United States, Canada, Japan, and Korea. Locations can have anywhere between two and seven lesson and practice bays which include video monitoring and motion measurement technology. 
In 2004, GolfTEC partnered with Golfsmith, the nation’s largest golf retailer. There are GolfTEC Improvement Centers in almost 80% of Golfsmith locations nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="30931849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931849" title="Gertrud Luckner">
Gertrud Luckner

Gertrud Luckner (26 September 1900, Liverpool, England, UK – 31 August 1995, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) was a Christian social worker involved in the German resistance to Nazism. A member of the banned German Catholic Peace Movement, she organised food packages for Jews deported to Poland, and travelled Germany giving assistance to Jewish families. On one such journey, she was arrested, and spent the remainder of the war in Ravensbruck concentration camp. She was named as righteous among the Nations by Yad Vashem in 1966.
Life.
Early life and Education.
Luckner was born in England, but moved to Germany as a young child. She had no siblings and lost her parents in early childhood. She was passed to foster parents, who changed her name from Jane Hart. At the age of 22, she was eventually adopted by their foster parents, and acquired German citizenship. 
After high school, she studied political economy and social sciences, gaining a doctorate in 1938. She studied at Königsberg, at the Quaker college for religious and social work in Birmingham, England, and at the universities of Frankfurt and Freiburg, where she obtained her doctorate. Her dissertation was on “Self-help Among the Unemployed in England and in Wales Based on English History of Ideas and Economics.”
Social work and resistance to Nazism.
A pacifist, she joined the German Catholics’ Peace Association and from 1933, she worked with the Catholic aid organisation Caritas, in Freiburg.
Raised a Quaker, in 1934 she was received into the Roman Catholic Church and distanced herself from her former beliefs. Among German Catholic laity, Luckner was among the first to sense the genocidal inclinations of the Hitler regime and to attempt national action. From 1938, she worked at the head office of the German Association of Catholic Charitable Organizations, “Caritas.” Using international contacts, she secured safe passage abroad for many refugees. She organized aid circles for Jews, and assisted many to escape.
She cooperated with the priests Bernhard Lichtenberg and Alfred Delp. Following the outbreak of the war, she continued her work for the Jews through Caritas' war relief office - attempting to establish a national underground network through Caritas cells.
Following the outbreak of World War Two, Luckner organized, with the support of Archbishop Conrad Gröber of Freiburg, and protection of the President of Caritas Benedikt Kreutz, an "Office for Religious War Relief" ("Kirchliche Kriegshilfsstelle") under the auspices of Caritas. The office became the instrument through which Freiburg Catholics helped racially persecuted “non-Aryans” (both Jews and Christians). Luckner drove this relief effort, using funds received from the archbishop to smuggle Jews to Switzerland and communicate the conditions for Jews to the outside world, remaining in contact with Leo Baeck, the leader of the Reich Union of the Jews in Germany, until his arrest in early 1943. She personally investigated the fate of the Jews being transported to the East and managed to obtain information on prisoners in concentration camps, and obtain clothing, food and money for forced labourers and prisoners of war. Luckner herself was arrested by the Gestapo before she could transfer funds destined for the last Jews of Berlin on 5 November 1943, and was imprisoned at Ravensbrück concentration camp.
After the war, she returned to social work, assisting the victims of persecution and dedicated herself to Jewish-Christian understanding, visiting Israel in 1951. She established a journal, "Freiburger Rundbrief" (Freiburg Circular) in 1948, which she used to promote the cause. On 15 February 1966, she was recognised as Righteous among the Nations by Yad Vashem. She remained active in the cause until her death.

</doc>
<doc id="30931853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931853" title="Militello">
Militello

Militello may refer to 3 Italian municipalities in Sicily:

</doc>
<doc id="30931887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931887" title="The Architects of Guilt">
The Architects of Guilt

The Architects of Guilt is the second full-length album by the death metal band The Famine released the February 15, 2011 via Solid State Records. It is the follow-up to the band’s critically acclaimed debut "The Raven and the Reaping" (2008).
Development.
Early stages.
After the departure of vocalist Kris McCaddon on January 9, 2010, bassist Nick Nowell took over vocals, and bass duties were quickly filled by new addition Jon Richardson as announced on the 15th.
On February 26, the band announced that their studio burned down with all of their materials for their new album.
Bassist Jon Richardson explains: “The Architects of Guilt is not a sing-a-long or a feel good record; it’s the death rattle and dying breath.The Famine is not here to win popularity contests, simply create metal, red in tooth and claw.” and “The music has become faster, more technical, even abrasive and discomforting, trading sheer aggression and energy for the lifeless sweeps and mechanized beats that have come to dominate and dilute the genre. The lyrics forego empty threats and skip the subtleties, calling out the deceit and duplicity of our leaders, and the decay next door masked by a flaking white picket fence and a familiar chemical scent.”
The album cover and the tracklist have been revealed the 23rd December 2010.
The Famine have made 6 behind the scenes footage from the making of the album, the first was the 23rd December 2010 while the last one was posted the 14th February 2011.
Production.
The Architects of Guilt was produced by D. Braxton Henry (Ex- Devourment) and mixed by Jason Suecof (Mutiny Within, The Black Dahlia Murder, Trivium, Charred Walls of the Damned).
Album cover.
Vocalist Nick Nowell explains about the album cover saying: "I talked to Ryan Clark about the lyrical theme being very uncomfortable and discussing human nature without delving into metal clichés like satan and gore. Ryan is a guy who knows metal and who knows the art world, so he was the perfect guy for this job. He came back with a concept that is not blasphemous, but is uneven and uncomfortable. You look at it and you want to look away, but you aren’t exactly sure why. If I wanted to take it this far, I could say that the image on the cover represents the hideous architect of guilt within each of us. It’s ugly and it’s crystal clear.".
Promotion and release.
A number of tracks were released to promote the album: "Ad Mortem", "VII The Fraudulent", "A Fragile Peace", "The Crown and the Holy See"; and the music video for the first single "Ad Mortem" was released the 9th February.
Tracklist.
Lyrics: Nick Nowell, except “We are the Wolves” by Andrew Forbus, Music: The Famine

</doc>
<doc id="30931890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931890" title="Didon (Desmarets)">
Didon (Desmarets)

Didon is a tragédie en musique or opera in 1 prologue and 5 Acts by composer Henri Desmarets. The work uses a French language libretto by Louise-Geneviève Gillot de Saintonge. The opera was heavily influenced by Jean-Baptiste Lully's "Armide" and the music of both Marc-Antoine Charpentier and Henri Dumont. 
Performance history.
"Didon" was premiered successfully by the Académie Royale de Musique at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal in Paris on 5 June 1693. The work was reprised on the following 11 September in the presence of Louis, Grand Dauphin, and revived again on the Paris stage in 1704 and 1705. 
On 10 July 1999 the first modern revival of the opera was mounted at the Festival de Beaune by Les Talens Lyriques with conductor and harpsichordist Christophe Rousset. They presented the opera later that year at the Arsenal de Metz and the L'Opéra of the Palace of Versailles. The performance from Versailles on 9 October 1999 was broadcast live on France Musique, and a CD of the live recording was later issued. The German premiere of the opera took place at the Kiel Opera House in 2007.
Synopsis.
Although betrothed to Iarbe, Didon is in preparation to wed Énée. Humiliated and dreading the impending wedding, Iarbe contacts his father, the god Jupiter. Jupiter promises him vengeance and Énée is forced to leave for the conquest of Italy. Didon and Énée lament their parting. Carthage comes under the pressure of the god Mercury. Didon loses all hope, becomes insane, and commits suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="30931920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931920" title="George Washington State Park &amp; Camp Area">
George Washington State Park &amp; Camp Area

George Washington State Park & Camp Area is a state park on the Putnam Pike (Route 44) near the village of Chepachet in the town of Glocester, Rhode Island.
The park contains 3,500 acres of protected forest land (George Washington Memorial State Forest) and a 100 acre primitive camping area without electrical hookups. The park contains Bowdish Reservoir and two smaller ponds.

</doc>
<doc id="30931939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931939" title="Habtamu Wondimu">
Habtamu Wondimu

Habtamu Wondimu is professor of social psychology in the College of Education of Addis Ababa University, Ethiopia. In 2007-2008 he was part of the Fulbright New Century Scholars Program. 

</doc>
<doc id="30931957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931957" title="Arizona Muse">
Arizona Muse

Arizona Muse (born September 18, 1988) is an American fashion model born in Tucson, Arizona, and raised in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Career.
Muse began modeling as a teenager but her career did not begin until after she had her son Nikko in 2009 (born April 14, 2009). 
Muse has appeared in editorials in French, American, Chinese, British, Korean, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, and Italian "Vogue", "W", "V", "Numéro," and "Dazed & Confused". Her sudden rise to success has been the feature of an article in American "Vogue". The March 2011 issue of "Dazed & Confused" was dedicated to her.
Muse has appeared on the cover of "Vogue Italia" (shot by Steven Meisel) and "Numéro" (shot by Karl Lagerfeld), both times alongside Freja Beha Erichsen, and "Dazed & Confused". She appeared on the November 2011 cover of "Vogue Australia" (shot by Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin).
She appeared in campaigns for Next, Louis Vuitton, David Yurman, Jil Sander, Miu Miu, Nina Ricci, Alberta Ferretti, Chloe, Prada, Isabel Marant, Fendi, and Yves Saint Laurent.
Recognition.
"Vogue" editor Anna Wintour has praised her, stating in the February 2011 issue: "When I look at Arizona, I see shadows of Linda Evangelista and Natalia Vodianova, but most of all I see her, a gorgeous, smart, grown-up. And how could anyone resist someone with that name?".
As of October 2013 Muse is ranked 12th on the "Top 50 Models Women" List by "models.com".

</doc>
<doc id="30931987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30931987" title="Matthew J. Hart">
Matthew J. Hart

Matthew J. Hart was the President and COO of Hilton Hotels Corporation from May 2004 until October 2007, when the company was acquired by the Blackstone Group. On May 24, 2007, Hilton's Board of Directors announced that Hart would assume the role of President and CEO of the company effective January 1, 2008. However, Hart resigned following Blackstone's acquisition of the company.
Early life and career.
Hart obtained a Bachelor of Science from Vanderbilt University in 1974 and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School in 1976. During his time at Vanderbilt, he was a brother of the Alpha Tau Omega Fraternity.
Hart was a lending officer with Bankers Trust. He then joined Marriott Corporation in 1981. He eventually served as Executive Vice President and CFO for Host Marriott Corporation from 1993 to 1995. He later served as Senior Vice President and Treasurer for Walt Disney Corporation from 1995 to 1996. He then served as Executive Vice President, CFO, and Treasurer of Hilton Hotels Corporation from 1996 to 2004, eventually becoming President and COO from 2004 to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30932002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932002" title="Would you rather">
Would you rather

"Would you rather" is a conversation or party game that poses a dilemma in the form of a question beginning with "would you rather". The dilemma can be between two supposedly good options, such as, "Would you rather have the power of flight or the power of invisibility?", or it can be between two supposedly bad options, as in, "Would you rather sleep with your best friend's lover or your lover's best friend?" The players, sometimes including the questioner, then must choose their answers. Answering "neither" or "both" is against the rules. This leads the players to debate their rationales.
There are many variants of the game online which also catering for the mobile market. You Rather and rrrather being the two largest, with others including Would You Rathers; and Rather Wutwhich focuses on current examples from relevant media instead of asking hypothetical questions. 
In December 2011, BBC America premiered a television show based on the game, titled "Would You Rather...? with Graham Norton".
In popular culture.
The game is frequently played on the show "Family Guy" as a running gag.
The characters of Andy Millman and Maggie Jacobs regularly pose "Would you rather?" questions to each other on the sitcom "Extras".
"Would You Rather" is a regular feature on the Comedy Bang! Bang! podcast; host Scott Aukerman takes bizarre scenarios from listeners' tweets, and before deciding on their choices, players must ask questions to learn more about the very bizarre details of each choice.

</doc>
<doc id="30932017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932017" title="Muscle Car Chronicles">
Muscle Car Chronicles

Muscle Car Chronicles is the collaboration studio album by American rapper Curren$y and Sean O'Connell. It is produced by Sean O'Connell and contains features of Sir Michael Rocks of The Cool Kids and Tabi Bonney. A movie for this album has been produced. It was going to be released along with the album. It is Curren$y's final album released through DD172; he is now signed to Warner Bros. The album was released on February 14, 2012. The iTunes edition of the album features 10 bonus country rock songs performed by Sean O'Connell.

</doc>
<doc id="30932027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932027" title="Council of the Russian Republic">
Council of the Russian Republic

Council of the Russian Republic (also known as Pre-parliament) was a legislative assembly in Russia. It convened at the Marinsky Palace on October 20, 1917, but was dissolved by the Bolsheviks on November, 7/8, 1917. It was headed by a presidium of five members with Nikolay Avksentiev (Social-Revolutionary) as president.

</doc>
<doc id="30932035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932035" title="Suhas Khamkar">
Suhas Khamkar

Suhas Khamkar (born August 9, 1980) is a professional bodybuilder from India. A native of Kolhapur region, Suhas comes from a family of fitness experts and bodybuilders. Suhas's inspiration for body building can be traced back to his home town Kolhapur where he grew up watching many wrestlers and body builders. However in the year 1997 at the age of 16, Suhas drew inspiration from Arnold Schwarzenegger and embarked on a journey of becoming a world champion in the sport of bodybuilding.
Bibhishal Patil taught Suhas various attributes & techniques of bodybuilding and rendered detailed information about the sport. After his family moved to Mumbai, Suhas continued working on his fitness and career goal and took inspiration from a lot of local bodybuilders along the way.Later Suhas has started his own gym.
Was an employee of Central Railway of India, Suhas Khamkar is the first Indian Bodybuilder to win a national level gold medal in the Railways national competitions, Also Suhas is the First Indian bodybuilder to Become Mr.Asia in 2010
Controversies.
Suhas had represented Indian Bodybuilding Fitness and Federation (IBBF) at Arnold Classic. Controversy started because IBBF is not recognized by government of India. As Suhas was a government employee at that time, him representing a non government bodybuilding organization was condemned by many people.

</doc>
<doc id="30932051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932051" title="Nutriepigenomics">
Nutriepigenomics

Nutriepigenomics is the study of food nutrients and their effects on human health through epigenetic modifications. There is now considerable evidence that nutritional imbalances during gestation and lactation are linked to non-communicable diseases, such as obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, and cancer. If metabolic disturbances occur during critical time windows of development, the resulting epigenetic alterations can lead to permanent changes in tissue and organ structure or function and predispose individuals to disease.
Overview.
Epigenetics relates to heritable changes in gene function that occur independently of alterations in primary DNA sequence. Two major epigenetic mechanisms implicated in nutriepigenomics are DNA methylation and histone modification. DNA methylation in gene promoter regions usually results in gene silencing and influences gene expression. While this form of gene silencing is extremely important in development and cellular differentiation, aberrant DNA methylation can be detrimental and has been linked to various disease processes, such as cancer. The methyl groups used in DNA methylation are often derived from dietary sources, such as folate and choline, and explains why diet can have a significant impact on methylation patterns and gene expression. Gene silencing can also be reinforced through the recruitment of histone deacetylases to decrease transcriptional activation. Conversely, histone acetylation induces transcriptional activation to increase gene expression. Dietary components can influence these epigenetic events, thereby altering gene expression and disturbing functions such as appetite control, metabolic balance and fuel utilization. 
Various genetic sequences can be targeted for epigenetic modification. A transcriptome-wide analysis in mice found that a protein-restricted (PR) diet during gestation resulted in differential gene expression in approximately 1% of the fetal genes analyzed (235/22,690). Specifically, increased expression was seen in genes involved in the p53 pathway, apoptosis, negative regulators of cell metabolism, and genes related to epigenetic control. Additional studies have investigated the effect of a PR-diet in rats and found changes in promoter methylation of both the glucocorticoid receptor and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR). Altered expression of these receptors can result in elevated blood glucose levels and affect lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. Feeding a PR-diet to pregnant and/or lactating mice also increased expression of glucokinase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase, PPARα, and acyl-CoA oxidase. Changes in expression were reportedly due to epigenetic regulation of either the gene promoter itself, or promoters of transcription factors that regulate gene expression. Additional genes that have been shown, either by in vitro or in vivo studies, to be regulated by epigenetic mechanisms include leptin, SOCS3, glucose transporter (GLUT)-4, POMC, 11-β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 and corticotrophin releasing hormone. Epigenetic modification of these genes may lead to “metabolic programming” of the fetus and result in long-term changes in metabolism and energy homeostasis.
Nutriepigenomics and Development.
The period of development in which the nutritional imbalance occurs is very important in determining which disease-related genes will be affected. Different organs have critical developmental stages, and the time point at which they are compromised will predispose individuals to specific diseases. Epigenetic modifications that occur during development may not be expressed until later in life depending on the function of the gene. While the majority of studies implicate prenatal and perinatal periods as critical time windows, some research has shown that nutritional intake during adulthood can also affect the epigenome.
Prenatal.
Developmental plasticity is the process in which fetuses adapt to their environment. Environmental cues, including dietary components, present in the in utero environment can induce significant changes in the expression of the genome through epigenetic modifications. Fetal developmental plastic responses can cause changes in lean body mass, endocrinology, blood flow and vascular loading, and lead to increased risk of various diseases in adulthood.
Low Birth Weight.
Fetal exposure to calcium, folate, magnesium, high or low protein, and zinc have all been associated with birth weight. Numerous studies have investigated the link between birth weight and risk of disease and have found that low birth weight is significantly associated with coronary heart disease, stroke and type-2 diabetes. Most importantly, these associations occurred after adjusting for lifestyle factors, implying a genetic basis for onset of disease. Impaired insulin secretion is associated with low birth weight and can lead to insulin resistance as babies accumulate body fat. Studies using intrauterine growth retarded (IUGR) rats have found that growth inhibition can lead to decreased expression of Pdx1 transcription factor, which is essential for differentiation and function of pancreatic beta cells. Decreased histone acetylation at the proximal promoter of Pdx1 is responsible for reduced Pdx1 expression and subsequently results in a cascade of histone deacetylation and methylation events that can result in type-2 diabetes.
Obesity.
Obesity during pregnancy and high-fat maternal diets both show strong associations with obesity in offspring. As the number of overweight reproductive-age women increases, the number of overweight children and infants also increases. It has been postulated that maternal obesity causes an accumulation of fat in fetal adipose tissue (adiposity) and predisposes babies for obesity in childhood and adulthood. Animal studies have shown that maternal overnutrition may impact brain development and cause disruptions to programming of the hypothalamus. Offspring that were exposed to a high-fat or high-caloric maternal diet had increased levels of insulin, glucose and leptin. It is hypothesized that these elevations are due to disturbances in the complex neuronal network that includes the neuropeptide Y (NPY) and proopiomelanocortin (POMC) pathways. This altered neuronal signaling can consequently impact food-intake behavior and lead to diet-induced obesity in adulthood. While epigenetic modifications are most likely involved in the development of obesity, the specific target genes have yet to be identified. Genes involved in adipogenesis, such as fibroblast growth-factor-2, phosphatase and tensin homologue, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1A and oestrogen receptor-alpha, possess multiple CpG islands in their promoter sites and may act as epigenetic targets. Furthermore, it has been shown that prenatal exposure to a hypomethylating agent, such as bisphenol A (BPA), is associated with increased body weight and suggests modified DNA methylation as a mechanism for increasing susceptibility to obesity.
Folate.
It has long been realized that maternal folate intake during pregnancy is linked to fetal development and growth, and can reduce the risk of serious birth defects. Folate is a source of S-adenosyl methionine (SAM), which is used to supply DNA methyltransferases with methyl groups. Therefore, changes in folate supply have a substantial effect on DNA methylation patterns. Low levels of folate are associated with an increased risk of preterm delivery, poor growth of the placenta and uterus, and intrauterine growth retardation. Several complex diseases, including cancer, cardiovascular diseases and autism have also been linked to maternal folate status. Based on animal studies it has been hypothesized that reduced folate intake could increase the risk of neural tube defects by reducing the amount of methylayed DNA during cranial neural tube closure. Recently it was discovered that folate protection from congenital heart defects is linked to epigenetics and Wnt signaling. Multiple environmental factors target the Wnt signaling pathway during embryogenesis and can cause misregulation of the pathway. Folic acid metabolism generates SAM, thereby altering the methylation states of histones H3K9, H3K4, and H3K27 and genetically altering Wnt signaling.
Perinatal.
Another critical developmental time window is the perinatal period, the time period immediately before and after birth. It has been shown that maternal diet in late pregnancy and an infant’s diet in the beginning weeks can all have significant impacts on gene expression. Therefore, perinatal nutrition is both late-stage "in utero" nutrition and lactation.
Bone Health.
Bone mass and the development of osteoporosis have been studied in relation to perinatal nutrition. An important factor to consider when investigating perinatal nutrition is whether the baby was breast-fed or formula-fed. Studies have shown that breast-fed babies have increased bone mass compared to those were not breast-fed, and that this small increase in bone mass during a period of critical development could potentially program the skeleton to continue along a “healthy” growth trajectory. It has also been shown that maternal vitamin D insufficiency during late pregnancy is associated with reduced bone size and mineral mass in late childhood. Peak bone mass has shown to be a good predictor of risk of fracture and osteoporosis, with even a small increase in peak bone mass resulting in a much lower risk of bone fracture. Research shows that genetic markers explain only a small proportion of variation in bone mass and risk of fracture. Therefore, healthy bone programming is most likely influenced by various epigenetic mechanisms, such as imprinting of the growth promoting genes IGF-2, or changes to the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPA).
Neurodevelopment.
Imbalances in maternal nutrition can also have a significant effect on fetal neurodevelopment. Brain development occurs most rapidly during fetal development and infancy, and research has shown that exposure to certain environmental conditions can have long lasting effects on cognition. Specifically, n-3 fatty acids, iodine, iron and choline have been shown to influence brain development and impact cognitive ability and behavior. The greatest evidence for a link between nutrition and neurodevelopment comes from studies that show low birth weight associated with low IQ and increased risk of schizophrenia. Several studies suggest that breast-feeding promotes long-term neurodevelopment by providing the nutrients necessary for proper brain development. A study in mice showed that choline-deficient diets during the late gestation period impaired fetal brain development, including decreased cell proliferation and reduced visual-spatial and auditory memory. These cognitive changes appeared to be due to altered histone and DNA methylation patterns in the fetal hippocampus, thus providing a link between maternal nutrition, epigenetics, and early brain development.
Type-1 Diabetes.
It has been postulated that breast-feeding may also protect against type-1 diabetes, with research showing that formula-fed infants are at an increased risk of developing islet autoantibodies. Individuals with type-1 diabetes experience a pre-clinical diabetes phase characterized by autoimmunity against pancreatic islets. The introduction of certain foods in the first few months of life, such as berries and cereal, is significantly associated with increased risk of islet autoantibody development compared to babies who are exposed to solid foods later in life. While the pathogenesis behind development of autoantibodies remains largely unknown, it is very probable that an epigenetic link exists between perinatal diet and risk of type-1 diabetes.
Adulthood.
The majority of research in nutriepigenomics has focused on nutritional imbalances during gestation and lactation periods. However, foods that are consumed during adulthood can also impact gene expression and disease pathogenesis. Cancer is the disease most commonly associated with adult nutrition and epigenetic modifications. DNA hypomethelation promotes cancer progression by allowing increased gene transcription, while hypermethylation can silence tumor suppressor genes and further promote uncontrolled cell division and tumor formation. Compounds found in foods, such as genistein and tea polyphenols, are able to regulate DNA methyltransferases and histone acetylation in cultured cancer cells and may provide protection against certain types of cancer. Other dietary compounds, such as diallyl disulfide present in garlic and sulforaphane present in cruciferous vegetables, have been associated with cancer prevention in clinical trials. This is due to their ability to inhibit histone deacetylase (HDAC) enzymes and prevent silencing of important regulatory genes.
Transgenerational effects.
See main article Transgenerational epigenetics
Many believe epigenetic regulation is cleared during the fertilization process, yet more evidence for transgenerational effects (TGEs) are being revealed. These TGEs take place when the epigenetic regulatory patterns are not sufficiently erased during fertilization, possibly due to nutrition levels in previous generations. Later generations may be affected from caloric and protein restriction, high-fat interventions and endocrine disruption in earlier generations. Differences within the nutritional behavior of the maternal rat are believed to cause malprogramming in the F1 generation and may then be passed to subsequent generations. 
Maternal rats fed a PR-diet during the entire length of pregnancy led to metabolic-related problems in the F1 and F2 generations, even with normal nutrition during the F1 pregnancy. These effects have also been seen in the F3 generation depending on the length of protein restriction. If protein restriction occurred solely during pregnancy, the F1 and F2 offspring had higher systolic blood pressure and lower nephron numbers, possibly predisposing them to hypertension. Altered glucose utilization was detected in the grand-offspring of maternal rats fed a PR-diet during pregnancy and lactation, potentially resulting in diabetes later on in life 
Protein-restriction in the F0 generation led to hypomethylation of promoters involved in metabolism in the F1 and F2 generations, even though the F1 pregnant rat was given a normal diet. The exact mechanism of this situation has yet to be elucidated; however, direct transmission is a distinct possibility, meaning the epigenetic marks were preserved during spermatogenesis and oogenesis, when they are normally erased.
Models used in nutriepigenomic studies.
Most research to date use common rodent models to investigate the role of nutrition on phenotype. Popular areas to investigate include IUGR studies, whereby rodents, and sometimes sheep, are subjected to a variety of nutritional conditions. A model for studying IUGR in rodent was developed by Simmons "et al." (2010) and is used to investigate type II diabetes. The maternal rats have their uterine arteries ligated, causing altered use of glucose and insulin in the fetus and can therefore serve as a model for diabetes. These growth-retarded rats were found to be highly similar to human fetuses, as they both display symptoms such as lowered glucose and insulin levels. Gestational diabetes may also be studied through chemical induction using streptozotocin treatment of the pregnant rats. Streptozotocin can cause destruction of the beta cells within the pancreas depending on the concentration given.
The predominant means of investigating nutriepigenetics involves varying the nutritional conditions to which a subject is exposed to and monitoring the effects thereafter. Restricting caloric and protein intake are the two most common methods. A pregnant rodent may have their caloric intake reduced up to 30-50% of normal intake. Protein restricted rodents are given 8-9% casein, as opposed to control rats that are fed 20% casein. Micronutrients, such as zinc and iron, may also be restricted to investigate the effects on offspring. Additionally, rats fed diets lacking or including methyl donors are often used to study the effects of diet on epigenomics, as variations within the methylation of DNA are common means of silencing or expressing genes. Supplementing maternal rats with folic acid, vitamin B12, choline and betaine leads to increased levels of DNA methylation at CpG sites and causes a coat color change. This is an example of epigenetically modifiable loci called a “metastable epiallele”, of which only a few have been identified. The above is an example of the “agouti” gene locus, whereby the insertion of a transposable element upstream to the Agouti gene is hypermethylated from the supplementation and causes a change in the rat’s coat color. Diets containing higher carbohydrate and fat content attempt to mimic typical Western-style diets may also be used in nutriepigenetic studies. Another method used is “catch-up”, where offspring of rats born to mothers subjected to various diets are subsequently cross-fostered to mothers fed normal diets.
Future directions.
The possibilities of utilizing nutriepigenomics for intervention are quite expansive. This can include preventative therapies, such as providing an optimal regime for nutrition during pregnancy and lactation. It is already common place for pregnant mothers to supplement their diets with choline and folate to prevent the development of neurological disabilities in the fetus. 
A highly specific diet, termed an "EpiG diet," may be employed for an individual believed to be at higher risk of developing a metabolic disorder. These diets may include supplementation with methyl donors, such as folate. There are also many other natural compounds, such as resveratrol, curcumin and green tea that have been termed “epigenetic modifiers”, as they have anti-cancer capabilities in addition to being used as treatments for metabolic diseases. However, the functions of these compounds still require long-term studies to evaluate their effect over time.
There also exists potential for therapeutic treatments that may correct metabolic disorders, such as type II diabetes. Components of garlic and cruciferous vegetables are known to possess HDAC inhibitors that modify the acetylation of histone proteins and may contain a protection against cancer. These same compounds have also been implicated in irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and colon cancer, as they may modify the histones normally implicated in these diseases.
Elucidation of disease pathways is another future direction for nutriepigenomic studies. For example, choline-deficient diets and alcohol metabolism during pregnancy may have very similar metabolic pathways. Therefore, animal studies using choline-restricted diets may assist in investigations of fetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
When compared to studies of maternal transmission, investigations into the role of paternal diets are lacking. A review demonstrated the nutrition of both parents do in fact play a role in determining the health of their offspring. A germ-line study reported paternal rats fed a high-fat diet led to insulin dysfunction in the F1 offspring. While this likely occurs via epigenetic modifications similar to those postulated in the maternal diets, the exact mechanism remains to be defined. Assessing the role of epigenetic mechanisms may be easier using paternal inheritance, as sperm transmits epigenetic and genetic information, whereas the female cells also transmit mitochondrial DNA.

</doc>
<doc id="30932071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932071" title="Ferroviário Atlético Clube (RO)">
Ferroviário Atlético Clube (RO)

Ferroviario Atlético Clube, commonly known as Ferroviário, was a Brazilian football club based in Porto Velho, Rondônia state. They were the most successful team in the Campeonato Rondoniense.
History.
The club was founded on July 10, 1943 by employees of Madeira-Mamoré Railroad. Ferroviário won the Campeonato Rondoniense in 1946, 1947, 1948, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1955, 1957, 1958, 1963, 1970, 1978, 1979, 1986, 1987, and in 1989. The club folded in 1990.
Stadium.
Ferroviário Atlético Clube played their home games at Estádio Aluízio Ferreira. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 7,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30932076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932076" title="Phillips Library (Salem, Massachusetts)">
Phillips Library (Salem, Massachusetts)

The Phillips Library of the Peabody Essex Museum is a rare books and special collections library located in the Essex Institute Historic District of Salem, Massachusetts. It "is made up of the collections of the former Peabody Museum of Salem and Essex Institute, which merged in 1992. ... Both had libraries named for members of the Phillips family." The Phillips Library reading room is located in Plummer Hall on Essex Street, with offices in the connected John Tucker Daland House. The reading room underwent restoration in 1998. Both buildings closed in November 2011 for an extensive renovation. The Phillips Library Reading Room reopened in August 2013 at its temporary location at 1 Second Street, Peabody, MA. 
__TOC__
Collections.
"The library, with its gold-leaf pillars, and busts of Nathaniel Bowditch and George Peabody, is best known for holding the original 1692 Salem witchcraft trials papers, and early works by Nathaniel Hawthorne." Collection subjects include art and architecture, Essex County, maritime history, natural history, New England, voyages and travels, Asia, Oceania, and Native American culture. Some featured collections include the C. E. Fraser Clark Collection of Hawthorniana, the Frederick Townsend Ward Collection of Western-language materials on Imperial China, and the Herbert Offen Research Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="30932084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932084" title="Trevor Hendrikx">
Trevor Hendrikx

Trevor Hendrikx (born March 29, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for the Allen Americans of the Central Hockey League.
Career.
Hendrikx started his ice hockey career as a member of the Gloucester Rangers of the Central Tier 1 Junior A Hockey League. He later moved up to the Ontario Hockey League as a member of the Peterborough Petes in 2001. As a member of the Petes, Hendrikx was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets twice. He was taken in the 9th round (283rd overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. He returned to the draft, and the Blue Jackets re-drafted him; this time in the 7th round (201st overall) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. Hendrikx put up a career-high 56 points during his final junior season.
As a prospect, Hendrikx has spent most of his career in the ECHL as a member of the Blue Jackets' affiliate, with stops with the Dayton Bombers, Elmira Jackals and Johnstown Chiefs. Hendrikx re-signed with Johnstown in late October of the 2009-10 ECHL season. On March 13, 2010, Hendrikx along with teammate Mike Bartlett, was traded from the Johnstown Chiefs to the Charlotte Checkers for future considerations.
On August 12, 2010, the Florida Everblades announced that Hendrikx has agreed to terms for the 2010-11 ECHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="30932087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932087" title="William Nicholas Hailmann">
William Nicholas Hailmann

William Nicholas Hailmann (20 October 1836 Glarus, Switzerland – 13 May 1920 Pasadena, California) was a United States educator. He was a progressive educator and helped introduce the kindergarten into the United States.
Biography.
He was educated in the gymnasium at Zürich, studied in Medical College of Louisville, Kentucky, and received a Ph.D. from Ohio University in 1885. He taught natural science in the Louisville high schools from 1856 to 1865, and then directed the German and English Academy from 1865 to 1873 where he built the first kindergarten classroom in the United States. He eventually became president of the Froebel Institute of North America.
From 1873 to 1878, he directed the German and English Academy in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and then the German-American Seminary of Detroit, Michigan, from 1878 to 1883. He was superintendent of public schools of Laporte, Indiana, from 1883 to 1894. From 1894 to 1898 he superintended the Indian School Service of the United States and worked to hire more Native American teachers for the Service. He was superintendent of instruction in Dayton, Ohio from 1898 to 1903 and head of the department of psychology of the Chicago Normal School, 1904 to 1909. From 1909 to 1915, he was head of department of education at the Normal Training School, Cleveland, Ohio. He retired to Pasadena, California in 1915.
He was buried in Riverside Cemetery, North Reading, Massachusetts upon his death.
Works.
He translated Froebel's "Education of Man" into English (1890), and edited "Erziehungsblaetter" (1870–83) and "Kindergarten Messenger and New Education" (1876–84). From 1883 to 1894, he was one of the chief contributors of the National Educators' Association in the interest of the kindergarten and other features of the new education.
Family.
He married Eudora Lucas of Louisville on 24 December 1857. She was an associate in his efforts to introduce the kindergarten system to the United States. She died in 1904, and he married Helena Kuhn of Detroit on 25 December 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="30932122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932122" title="HNK Dubrovnik">
HNK Dubrovnik

HNK Dubrovnik was a Croatian football club based in the city of Dubrovnik, which played a total of three seasons in the Prva HNL, highest level of Football in Croatia. The club was dissolved during the 2003–04 season, when they sank to the second league of Dubrovnik-Neretva county.
A successor club which claims rights to Dubrovnik's honours and records was established in 2004 under the name HNK Dubrovnik 1919. However, they are not legally considered to be successors to the original Korotan and the two clubs' track records and honours are kept separate by the Croatian Football Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="30932131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932131" title="Braden Scale for Predicting Pressure Ulcer Risk">
Braden Scale for Predicting Pressure Ulcer Risk

The Braden Scale for Predicting Pressure Ulcer Risk, is a tool that was developed in 1987 by Barbara Braden and Nancy Bergstrom. The purpose of the scale is to help health professionals, especially nurses, assess a patient's risk of developing a pressure ulcer.
Assessment using the Braden Scale.
The Braden scale assesses a patient's risk of developing a pressure ulcer by examining six criteria:
Sensory perception.
This parameter measures a patient's ability to detect and respond to discomfort or pain that is related to pressure on parts of their body. The ability to sense pain itself plays into this category, as does the level of consciousness of a patient and therefore their ability to cognitively react to pressure-related discomfort.
Moisture.
Excessive and continuous skin moisture can pose a risk to compromise the integrity of the skin by causing the skin tissue to become macerated and therefore be at risk for epidermal erosion. So this category assesses the degree of moisture the skin is exposed to.
Activity.
This category looks at a clients level of physical activity since very little or no activity can encourage atrophy of muscles and breakdown of tissue.
Mobility.
This category looks at the capability of a client to adjust their body position independently. This assesses the physical competency to move and can involve the clients willingness to move.
Nutrition.
The assessment of a clients nutritional status looks at their normal patterns of daily nutrition. Eating only portions of meals or having imbalanced nutrition can indicate a high risk in this category.
Friction and Shear.
Friction and shear looks at the amount of assistance a client needs to move and the degree of sliding on beds of chairs that they experience. This category is assessed because the sliding motion can cause shear which means the skin and bone are moving in opposite directions causing breakdown of cell walls and capillaries.
Scoring with the Braden Scale.
Each category is rated on a scale of 1 to 4, excluding the 'friction and shear' category which is rated on a 1-3 scale. This combines for a possible total of 23 points, with a higher score meaning a lower risk of developing a pressure ulcer and vice-versa. A score of 23 means there is no risk for developing a pressure ulcer while the lowest possible score of 6 points represents the severest risk for developing a pressure ulcer. 
The Braden Scale assessment score scale:

</doc>
<doc id="30932140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932140" title="George Washington Memorial State Forest">
George Washington Memorial State Forest

George Washington Memorial State Forest is a state forest on the Putnam Pike (Route 44) near the village of Chepachet in the town of Glocester, Rhode Island.
The forest was founded in 1932 as Rhode Island's first state forest. It is part of the George Washington Management Area containing over 4,000 acres of protected forest land and a 100 acre primitive camping area, known as the George Washington State Park & Camp Area.

</doc>
<doc id="30932142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932142" title="Nijhof">
Nijhof

Nijhof is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30932148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932148" title="Castleton Garland Day">
Castleton Garland Day

Castleton Garland Day or Garland King Day is held on 29 May (unless that date falls on a Sunday, when the custom is transferred to the Saturday) in the town of Castleton in the Derbyshire Peak District. The Garland King, on horseback, and covered to the waist in a heavy, bell-shaped floral Garland, leads a procession through the town.
Origins.
The date of the custom coincides with Oak Apple Day and it is said to commemorate the restoration of King Charles II in 1660. Presumably the Garland is meant to represent the oak tree in which he hid after the Battle of Worcester. Some folklorists suspect that it is actually a much older custom that transferred from May Day as many May celebrations did after having been banned by the Puritans. The Garland King certainly resembles a kind of Jack in the Green.
The custom.
Starting from midday, most of the afternoon is taken up with the construction of the Garland, a roughly bell- or beehive-shaped wooden framework to which are tied bunches of garden flowers. Once it is finished, a small posy named "The Queen", made of especially fine flowers tied around a short stick, is inserted as a topknot into the top of the garland. 
In the late afternoon the Garland King and his female consort (confusingly, sometimes mistakenly referred to as "The Queen", but formerly simply "The Lady"), dressed in Stuart costume, mount their horses. The Garland, which is said to weigh between is placed over the King's head and shoulders; only his legs are visible beneath it. The dance starts at one of the village's pubs (the starting point is chosen on rotation). The riders and Castleton Silver Band then lead an evening procession around the town, stopping at various points, including all the pubs. Young schoolgirls dressed in white, with flowers, carrying small "maypoles" (known as "Garland sticks") twined with ribbons, follow behind; they dance a form of morris dance at each stopping-place. 
When the circuit of the village is complete, the King rides up to the churchyard gates, where the Queen (posy) is removed from the top of the Garland. It is kept on one side to be placed on the village's war memorial. The King rides to the foot of the tower of St Edmund's church where all the pinnacles but one have been decorated with oak leaf branches. A long rope is hung down and tied to the Garland, which is hoisted up the side of the tower and then impaled on the central pinnacle. It remains there for several days until the flowers have wilted. Formerly it was left to fall apart completely. 
The day concludes with maypole dancing in the Market Place and the ceremonial placing of the Queen posy on the war memorial. Then the residents of the village follow the band back through the village dancing the "Crossover Dance".
History.
In the ancient tradition of the "man-woman" (a man dressed as a woman for ritual reasons), the Lady was played by a man until 1956. The whole ceremony was formerly organised by the bellringers, who themselves danced a morris behind the King and Lady. Castleton Museum has a display of Garland day memorabilia, including a costume worn by the King over two centuries ago.
The garland tune is similar to that used by the Helston Furry Dance. This is locally thought to be due to miners moving either from Castleton to Helston, or from Helston to Castleton.

</doc>
<doc id="30932160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932160" title="Ahila India Naadalum Makkal Katchi">
Ahila India Naadalum Makkal Katchi

Ahila India Naadalum Makkal Katchi () is a Tamil political party in India, based amongst the Thevar caste. The party founder and president is actor Karthik. Karthik was the president of All India Forward Bloc and later left the party to start his own.
Support.
The party's support largely depends on Actor Karthik's fans.
2011 Assembly elections.
For the 2011 Assembly elections the party has joined the AIADMK alliance. Karthik announced his party will contest alone in 25 to 40 seats after it was not alloted any seat in the AIADMK coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="30932164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932164" title="Radovan Ničić">
Radovan Ničić

Radovan Ničić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радован Ничић) (born 1971) was the first President of the Assembly of the Community and Municipalities of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija since 28 June 2008. He was also the de jure Mayor of Pristina (seat in Gračanica), elected during the Serbia-sponsored local elections of 11 May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30932188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932188" title="John Thomas Financial">
John Thomas Financial

John Thomas Financial was a privately held financial services firm located in the Financial District of New York City. It closed in July 2013 after its founder, Anastasios "Thomas" Belesis was sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission for deceiving investors.
In 2009, John Thomas Financial moved its offices into 14 Wall Street, where it occupied the entire 23rd floor. The firm was founded in 2007 by Thomas Belesis, who served as CEO. Initially a three-person brokerage, it grew to 200 representatives and staff providing retail brokerage, investment banking and corporate advisory services. It also added a private wealth management affiliate.
In addition to its retail brokerage services, the firm claimed to raise convertible debt for startups and new companies. According to its website, John Thomas Financial raised over $150 million for new businesses between 2007 and 2010.
Leadership.
The company President and CEO was Thomas Belesis, a frequent contributor to financial news shows. He played a role in the movie "" which was partly filmed at John Thomas Financial. Belesis used his media exposure to support the image of Wall Street, launching rallies and a website, to improve the image of stock traders.
Controversy.
The "New York Post" looked into the "shady" past of Thomas Belesis in an April 2012 article. In early 2013, another series of "New York Post" articles covered an investigation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) into the dealings of John Thomas Financial. The articles reported on Belesis being served with a Wells notice, and the potential for the investigation to result in prosecution. Other articles in Bloomberg interviewed former employees and questioned whether the business practices and sales tactics of John Thomas Financial constituted those of a boiler room.

</doc>
<doc id="30932196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932196" title="Michael Burlingame (historian)">
Michael Burlingame (historian)

Michael Burlingame is an American historian, and Naomi B. Lynn Distinguished Chair in Lincoln Studies, at University of Illinois, Springfield. He previously was the May Buckley Sadowski '19 Professor Emeritus of History at Connecticut College.
Life.
He graduated from Phillips Academy in 1960.
He graduated from Johns Hopkins University with a Ph.D. in History in 1971.
In 2002, he was involved in the Stephen B. Oates controversy.
In 2010, he won the Lincoln Prize for his "Abraham Lincoln: A Life".

</doc>
<doc id="30932200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932200" title="Arcadia State Park">
Arcadia State Park

Arcadia State Park is a state park in Richmond, Exeter, Hopkinton, and West Greenwich, Rhode Island. The Arcadia Management Area contains 14,000 largely forested acres and is the state’s largest recreational area. In 2011, part of the film "Moonrise Kingdom" was filmed at the park.

</doc>
<doc id="30932203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932203" title="Sir Francis Wenman, 1st Baronet">
Sir Francis Wenman, 1st Baronet

Sir Francis Wenman, 1st Baronet (c. 1630 – 2 September 1680) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1664 to 1679.
Wenman was the son of Sir Francis Wenman of Caswell, Oxfordshire and his wife Ann Sandys, daughter of Sir Samuel Sandys of Omberslade, Worcestershire. His father, who was MP for Oxfordshire in the Short Parliament, died in 1641.
Wenman was created baronet of Caswell on 29 November 1662. In 1664, he was elected Member of Parliament for Oxfordshire in the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679.
Wenman died at the age of around 50.
Wenman married Mary Wenman, only daughter of Thomas Wenman, and niece of Richard Wenman, 1st Viscount Wenman by whom he had several children, of whom his only surviving son was Richard Wenman, 4th Viscount Wenman.

</doc>
<doc id="30932208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932208" title="Redpath's Illustrated Weekly">
Redpath's Illustrated Weekly

"Redpath's Illustrated Weekly" was a newspaper based out of New York City in the 1880s that was dedicated to the interests of the Irish.
History.
James Redpath, an American abolitionist turned publisher, traveled to western Ireland to report on famine and the land war in 1880-1881. Upon his return to New York Redpath founded this newspaper under the name "Redpath’s McGee Illustrated Weekly" and subsequently changed its name to "Redpath’s Illustrated Weekly" in September 1882. He intended for the paper to retaliate against the majority of American papers that ridiculed the Irish cause. The paper supported the Land League and its leaders in Irish politics and purported that James Redpath, its editor, “will contribute to ever number an original letter on the opressionso of the British Government and the Irish Landlords in Ireland of today, drawn from Land League official documents and personal notes and private letters from distinguished Irish Priests and Patriots, at his exclusive possession.” 
"Redpath’s Illustrated Weekly" also boasted sections for ‘Our Boys and Girls,’ the latest of Irish and American humor, the latest trends of fashion from the periodicals of Paris, Berlin, and London, and finally pictures of Irish life and prominent Irishmen. Alfred Aylward, a Boer Leader; John Boyle O’Reilly, Editor of the Boston Pilot; Dr. Robert Dwyer Joyce, Irish poet and writer; and Archbishop Thomas Croke of Cashel represent a sampling of the Irishmen of distinction featured through prominent sketches and articles gracing the covers and pages of "Redpath’s Illustrated Weekly".
The American Catholic Historical Society owns and maintains a run of 95 issues of this defunct periodical at the Philadelphia Archdiocesan Historical Research Center. These same issues have been digitized by Villanova University's Digital Library and can be accessed at the external link.

</doc>
<doc id="30932211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932211" title="All India Samathuva Makkal Katchi">
All India Samathuva Makkal Katchi

All India Samathuva Makkal Katchi (AISMK Party) () is a Tamil political party in India, based amongst the Tamil people. The party founder and president is actor Sarath Kumar. Kumar was part of DMK in his early political career and then joined All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK). Later he quit AIADMK and he started his own political party, the All India Samathuva Makkal Katchi on 31 August 2007..In 2011 Assembly elections, It contested as part of the AIADMK alliance and won in two assembly constituencies - Tenkasi and Nanguneri. Sarathkumar won from Tenkasi and Ernavur A. Narayanan won from Nanguneri. C.Raja (Regional Head,Chennai). In just before 2011 Assembly elections he joined in ADMK alliance and his party was allotted two seats. He won election in the Tenkasi Constituency in 2011 Assembly elections.
Now the AISMK Party has enlarged its serve to people in Kerala also. Tamils who living in Kerala also a part in AISMK party as sarthkumar as their Leader.
2011 Assembly elections.
It contested as part of the AIADMK alliance and won in two assembly constituencies - Tenkasi and Nanguneri. Sarathkumar won from Tenkasi and Ernavur A. Narayanan won from Nanguneri. C.Raja (Regional Head,Chennai).
Party flag.
The red color on top is for labour and revolution. The yellow below is for auspiciousness. The star inside the red color symbolizes the radiant sun spreading light all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="30932224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932224" title="Dorothy Donnelly">
Dorothy Donnelly

Dorothy Donnelly (January 28, 1880 - January 3, 1928) was an actress, playwright, librettist, producer and director. After a decade-long acting career that included several notable roles on Broadway, she turned to writing plays, musicals and operettas, including more than a dozen on Broadway including several long-running successes. Her most famous libretto was "The Student Prince" (1924), in collaboration with composer Sigmund Romberg.
Life and career.
Donnelly was born in New York City to Thomas Lester Donnelly, the manager of the Grand Opera House in New York, and his wife Sarah (née Williams). Donnelly attended the Convent of the Sacred Heart in New York.
She began acting on Broadway in 1901, playing such roles at the title role in "Candida". She made famous the play "Madame X" on the Broadway stage in 1910 and in a 1916 silent film. She is the subject of a 1999 book by Lorraine McLean "Dorothy Donnelly: A Life in the Theatre". She then made a few silent films before turning to playwriting. 
Her first big hit on Broadway was "Blossom Time", a 1921 adaptation of a German operetta fictionalizing the romantic life of composer Franz Schubert, using his music and adapting his music. This ran for 516 performances and was revived five times over the next 22 years. She then wrote and directed an original musical, "Poppy" (1923) that had a successful run and was adapted for film, boosting the career of W. C. Fields. Her most famous libretto was for "The Student Prince" (1924), with music by Sigmund Romberg. Her last Broadway hit was "My Maryland" in 1927.
She never married and died in New York City. She died the same day as Emily Stevens. State Senator and judge Thomas F. Donnelly (1863–1924) was her brother.

</doc>
<doc id="30932228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932228" title="Santa Helena Esporte Clube">
Santa Helena Esporte Clube

Santa Helena Esporte Clube, commonly known as Santa Helena, is a Brazilian football club based in Santa Helena de Goiás, Goiás state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on November 17, 1965. Santa Helena won the Campeonato Goiano Second Level in 1986, 2005, and in 2008 and the Campeonato Goiano Third Level in 2007. They competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2011, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Uberaba.
Stadium.
Santa Helena Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Pedro Romualdo Cabral. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30932229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932229" title="The Family Arsenal">
The Family Arsenal

The Family Arsenal is a novel by Paul Theroux originally published in 1976. It is a political thriller following the acts of a terrorist cell in London.
Synopsis.
"The Family Arsenal" follows a bitter former American Consul as he blunders into a terrorist commune in search of a cause; seemingly any cause so long as it offers some way of battling evil, which here takes the guise of a heavy-handed government and a gun-running criminal.
Shortly after Valentine Hood joins a terrorist cell operating from a nondescript house in a once pleasant street in Deptford, South London, he commits a senselessly quixotic killing. The repercussions from this unsanctioned act ripple far and wide, eventually endangering everything and everyone he has been fighting for. Gradually Hood insinuates himself into the confidences of the suspicious, down-trodden members of his new family as they plan and execute equally pointless atrocities around London, either alone or with the assistance of a bored society hostess, an up-and-coming actress and a man who may or may not allow access to the IRA.

</doc>
<doc id="30932244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932244" title="Alur, Bellary">
Alur, Bellary


</doc>
<doc id="30932253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932253" title="David Philbrick Conner">
David Philbrick Conner

David Philbrick Conner was the CEO of Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation until April 14, 2012.
Early life and career.
Conner hold a Bachelor of Arts degree from Washington University in St. Louis and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School.
Conner served as CEO of Citibank India from 1996 to 1999. He then served as a Managing Director and Market Manager of Citibank Japan from 1999 to 2002. He joined Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation in 2002.
In April 2012, Conner retired as CEO of Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation but remains on the Board of Directors.
He was awarded the "Best Chief Executive" by the Singapore Corporate Awards in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30932259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932259" title="Catholic University of Colombia">
Catholic University of Colombia

The Catholic University of Colombia is a private institution of higher education. It was founded in Bogotá, Colombia in 1970, notable in its early loyalty to Catholic church doctrine. The institution now has 10,300 undergraduates. The university has three campuses in the city of Bogota, a school, a language school, and a university campus in addition to being an office setting for students in Bogotá. It gives technical and technological careers (in Chia, a town near Bogota). The three most important sites are in Bogota, Chapinero, and Teusaquillo — characterized by their historical and cultural value. Its entire campus distributed in such sites totals about 77.000m2 with 44.000 m2 of buildings and 33,000 m2 for building.
After 40 years, the Catholic University of Colombia is one of the most representative universities in the country and is known for its Catholic doctrine in much of Latin America.
Undergraduate programs.
The Universidad Catolica de Colombia offers eight undergraduate programs. It has approximately 11.000 students.

</doc>
<doc id="30932268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932268" title="Eastside Memorial High School">
Eastside Memorial High School

Eastside Memorial High School at the Johnston Campus, formerly Albert S. Johnston High School, is located in East Riverside-Oltorf, Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="30932278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932278" title="Jeppe Riber">
Jeppe Riber

Jeppe Riber (born April 15, 1985) is a Danish handballer, playing for the Danish league club Skjern Håndbold. He is left wing player.

</doc>
<doc id="30932279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932279" title="Matt Fleckenstein">
Matt Fleckenstein

Matt Fleckenstein is an American television writer.
He has written two episodes for the animated sitcom "Family Guy", "Brian Goes Back to College" (2005) and "FOX-y Lady" (2009). Prior to that, he worked as a writing assistant on the series. His other television writing credits include "WordGirl" and the Dan Schneider-produced series "Drake & Josh", "Zoey 101", "iCarly" and "Victorious".
He also worked behind-the-scenes on the television series "Life with Bonnie" and "America's Next Top Model".

</doc>
<doc id="30932290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932290" title="Vulnerability index">
Vulnerability index

A vulnerability index is a measure of the exposure of a population to some hazard. Typically, the index is a composite of multiple quantitative indicators that via some formula, delivers a single numerical result. Through such an index “diverse issues can be combined into a standardised framework…making comparisons possible”. For instance, indicators from the physical sciences can be combined with social, medical and even psychological variables to evaluate potential complications for disaster planning.
The origin of vulnerability indexes as a policy planning tool began with the United Nations Environmental Program. One of the participants in the early task forces has also conducted secondary research documenting the evolution of the analytic tool through various stages. The term and methodology then expanded through medical literature and social work as discussed by Dr. James O'Connell of Boston Healthcare for the Homeless.
Basic methodology.
The basic methodology of constructing a vulnerability index is described by University of Malta researcher Lino Briguglio. The individual measures are weighted according to their relative importance. A cumulative score is then generated, typically by adding the weighted values. Decision trees can evaluate alternative policy options. Much of the original research has been evaluated by Lino Briguglio and presenters at Oxford, providing a body of secondary source material.
Earlier use.
A composite vulnerability index grew out of the work of South Pacific Applied Geoscience Commission (SOPAC), Fiji, and the Expert Group on Vulnerability Indexes affiliated with the United Nations, in response to a call made in the Barbados Plan of Action, the Alliance of Small Island States (AOSIS).
Bruguglio participated in development of the vulnerability index model for international organizations of small island developing states. University of Malta also hosts the Islands and Small States Institute, Foundation for International Studies. Other institutional participants included the New Zealand Official Development Assistance (NZODA) Programme. In 1996, the concept of a composite vulnerability index had been tentatively taken up by Commonwealth policy analysts. In 1997, official background papers of the SIDS unit reflected the term “vulnerability index” at least internally. It was also advanced in Commonwealth channels. By 1997, the term was approved for publication by the staff of the UN Secretary General in the SG’s Report on Development of a Vulnerability Index for SIDS. This concept was subsequently adopted by other experts in that field. and explicitly named as such.
In a 1999 Technical Report for SOPAC, Kaly "et al." discussed more focused vulnerability indexes. A subsection of that report was entitled “Vulnerability index – environment” and the report also discussed the concept of “Environmental vulnerability index”.
Extension of the general concept.
The IPCC embraced vulnerability as a key category in 2001. A 2002 paper then applied a vulnerability indexing model to analysis of vulnerability to sea level rise for a US coastal community. At a 2008 Capacity Building Seminar at Oxford, the “Climate Vulnerability Index” was presented with an application to the protection of tourist economies, which may be important to small island states and others. By the time of this seminar, vulnerability indexes were established as governance tools.
In hazard planning.
The concept has been extended and applied in dealing with risk from natural hazards and the part that population metrics play in making such a situation into a disaster. In the USA this has been done at a county level. And is run by the Hazards and Vulnerability Research Institute since 2003.
In medicine.
In 2005 a “Histopathological Plaque Vulnerability Index“ was proposed. Thereafter, the term was adopted by Dr Jim O’Connell, at Boston’s Healthcare for the Homeless. The model was also adopted by Common Ground, an advocacy organization in New York City which promulgated the vulnerability index to Santa Monica, New Orleans, Washington, DC, and what their literature referred to as “Los Angeles County’s infamous Skid Row”. It utilizes eight key health indicators that measure a chronically homeless person's vulnerability to early death. The model is now being adopted and registry week drives in the “ inner city areas” of Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="30932296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932296" title="RT America">
RT America

RT America, previously known as Russia Today America, is a TV channel based in Washington, D.C.. It is part of the RT network, a Russian public-funded global multilingual television news network based in Moscow. There is also a news bureau in Houston, Texas. 
RT America focuses on covering the Americas from an international and Russian perspective, being the second most viewed news channel from a foreign perspective, after BBC World News. It currently only broadcasts in the afternoon and evening. Based in RT's Washington, DC Bureau, RT America also has studios in New York, Miami and Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="30932299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932299" title="Wendt &amp; Kühn">
Wendt &amp; Kühn

Wendt & Kühn KG is a manufacturer of painted wooden figures and music boxes in the Ore Mountain tradition that have become collectible. All their products are produced by hand and only made in the German federal state of Saxony. The best known figures are the Grünhainichen angels, with their characteristic green wings and their eleven white dots, and the flower children. 
The company was founded in 1915 by Margarete Wendt and Margarete Kühn. Today the firm is in the hands of the Wendt family. Their range currently comprises about 400 figures. The company's headquarters is in Grünhainichen in Saxony. The firm employs 155 workers, of which about 80 are figure painters and 4 painters who are especially responsible for the faces of the figures.

</doc>
<doc id="30932308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932308" title="Reino Aarnio">
Reino Aarnio

Reino Aarnio, AIA, (December 8, 1912 – February 12, 1988) was an American architect based in New York City who practiced in the mid- to late-twentieth-century in New Jersey, New York, under his own name as Reino Aarnio, established in 1948.
Early life and education.
Born in December 8, 1912 in Turku, Finland, Aarnio earned his bachelors of architecture from the New York University in 1938, graduating cum laude. He won the F.B. Morse Prize in 1935 and the Sherrill Prize in 1936.
Architectural career.
Aarnio joined the American Institute of Architects New York Chapter in 1948 and established his own firm that year. In 1967, he was Associate Professor at the New York Institute of Technology. He was also the Chairman of the Arts and Architecture committee of the Finlandia Foundation from 1960; the Vice Chairman of the Zoning Board of Appeals, River Edge, New Jersey from 1965; architectural consultant for the American-Scandinavian Foundation Scholarship Awards Committee from 1965; and liaison as the Planning Board of River Edge, New Jersey from 1969.
Awards and publications.
Aarnio received a Citation for Excellence for the U.S. Exhibition in Sweden, Poland and Greece, Veterans of Foreign Wars in 1959. He was knighted by Government of Finland in 1963. He received a Best Municipal Library Award for Paramus Public Library, Paramus, New Jersey in the Book of
the Month Club, 1965. He was published in numerous articles, which featured contributions on architecture and design in books and magazines. He was a member of the Board of Trustees for the Scandinavian Seminar for University Level Studies in Scandinavia from 1959.
Personal life.
Reino Aarnio was married to Sylvia (Bachman) Aarnio, Coloratura Soprano and graduate of the Juilliard School of Music

</doc>
<doc id="30932321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932321" title="Anthraquinone process">
Anthraquinone process

The anthraquinone process is a process for the production of hydrogen peroxide, which was developed by BASF. The industrial production of hydrogen peroxide is based on the reduction of oxygen, as in the direct synthesis from the elements. Instead of hydrogen itself, however, a 2-alkyl-anthrahydroquinone, which is generated before from the corresponding 2-alkyl-anthraquinone by catalytic hydrogenation with palladium. Oxygen and the organic phase react under formation of the anthraquinone and hydrogen peroxide. Among other alkyl groups (R) ethyl- and tert. Butyl are used, e.g., 2-ethylanthraquinone.
The hydrogen peroxide is then extracted with water and in a second step separated by fractional distillation from the water. The hydrogen peroxide accumulates as sump product. The anthraquinone acts as a catalyst, the overall reaction equation is therefore:
If ozone is used instead of oxygen, dihydrogen trioxide can be produced by this method.

</doc>
<doc id="30932323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932323" title="Franck Histilloles">
Franck Histilloles

Franck Histilloles (born 25 January 1973) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in France and Greece.
Playing career.
Born in Forbach, Histilloles began his career playing for the youth team of FC Girondins de Bordeaux. In 1994, he made his Ligue 1 debut with Bordeaux at age 20. After three seasons with the club, he moved to fellow Ligue 1 club FC Metz. Two seasons later, he joined Ligue 2 club US Créteil-Lusitanos.
In December 2001, Créteil ran into financial difficulties and Histilloles left on a free transfer for Greek Superleague side Panachaiki F.C.. He would spend 1.5 season with Panachaiki, appearing in 36 league matches for the club.
Histilloles returned to France and would finish his career playing in the lower levels of French football.

</doc>
<doc id="30932325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932325" title="Joseph Tjitunga">
Joseph Tjitunga

Joseph Tjitunga (born 21 July 1971) is a Namibian marathon runner. Tjitunga competed for Namibia at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the men's marathon, where he finished 76th of 124 competitors. As of 2006, Tjitunga held the third fastest time for a Namibian runner in the marathon . Tjitunga also competed at the 1995 and 1997 World Championships in Athletics. 

</doc>
<doc id="30932339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932339" title="Relative Chaos">
Relative Chaos

Relative Chaos is a TV movie starring Christopher Gorham and Nicholas Brendon. It premiered on ABC Family in 2006. It was directed by Steven Robman.
Plot.
At an annual family reunion, the youngest of three siblings attempts to win a family athletic competition called the Gilbert Cup and beat his siblings for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="30932343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932343" title="Yves Daniel Darricau">
Yves Daniel Darricau

Yves Daniel Darricau (; born 2 August 1953) is a Lebanese fencer. He competed at the 1972 and 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30932344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932344" title="Kühn">
Kühn

Kühn is a German word meaning "bold" and may refer to:
Kühn is part of the following names:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="30932356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932356" title="Pilarz">
Pilarz

Pilarz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30932361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932361" title="Znamya (newspaper)">
Znamya (newspaper)

Znamya (""Banner"", ) is a newspaper established by ultra-nationalist Black Hundreds journalist Pavel Krushevan in Petersburg. It is known for publishing of the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion" in August—September 1903.
Bibliographical controversies.
There is no consensus regarding the start time of the newspaper. The main source of controversy is "Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary", a Russian analogue of 1911 "Encyclopædia Britannica".
Given the fact that the issues containing the scandalous publication of "Protocols of the Elders of Zion" came out in print in August–September, the assertion about the end of "1903" is a misprint. An additional indirect indication favouring this assumption is the numbering of these issues (nn.190–200). De Michelis and Richard Newhouse also claim that "the Nilus version with its preface was published for the first time in the St.Petersburg newspaper "Znamja" (1903)".
As for the discrepancy between the "end of 1902" and the "beginning of 1903", it is a trivial case for dating events in the pre-revolutionary Russian Empire. Only in 1918 did the Bolsheviks abandon the Julian calendar (which already lagged behind in the 20th century by 13 days) and introduce the Gregorian calendar, as in USA and Europe.
Minor controversy may arise due to confusion caused by the similarity of the names of newspapers, which were subsequently founded by the same Pavel Krushevan, and which reflected in that or another way his same anti-Semitic bias. These are the above-mentioned "Znamya" (end 1902 — 1903) and "Russkoye Znamya" ("Russian Banner", , 1905 — 1917).
Protocols’ publication.
According to Cesare G. De Michelis in "The Non-Existent Manuscript: A Study of the Protocols of the Sages of Zion" (2004), the first publicly published edition of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion was in August (13 days later in September by the Old Style) of 1903 in "Znamya".
The text was serialized into nine issues, each carrying a headline "The Jewish Programme of the Conquest of the World" (). Actually the document itself was entitled "The Protocols of the Sessions of the World Alliance of Freemasons and of the Sages of Zion", however by giving such a headline the editor anticipated, if not imposed, perceptions and conclusions of the readers.
Articles in the newspaper were serialized as follows:
Differences of Znamya edition.
The "Znamya" edition of the Protocols contains several notable differences from later editions. For example, it includes Old Testament quotes later omitted. It makes no mention of the Freemasons, which are prevalent in later editions. Paraphrases of Maurice Joly are mostly, but not entirely, lacking. This edition of the Protocols has never been translated.

</doc>
<doc id="30932370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932370" title="Paw Peters">
Paw Peters

Paw Peters (born July 1, 1976) is a Danish handballer, playing left back. He has played all his career in the Danish league club Fredericia HK.

</doc>
<doc id="30932375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932375" title="Fawzi Merhi">
Fawzi Merhi

Fawzi Merhi (; born 20 June 1950) is a Lebanese fencer. He competed in four events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30932384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932384" title="Nicole Péry">
Nicole Péry

Nicole Péry (born 15 May 1943), is a French socialist politician. Her background is as a professor of literature.
Career highlights.
In November 1998, the French Government reaffirmed its political intent with regards to women's rights by appointing Nicole Pery as Secretary of State for Women’s Rights and Vocational Training. At that time the Department of Women’s Rights of the Ministry of Employment and Solidarity was the main ad hoc administrative body responsible for monitoring gender equality and anti-discrimination measures. 
In a speech at Beijing + 5, in New York on June 5, 2000, she affirmed France's position as an abolitionist nation. 
In 2001 she criticised a Benetton advertisement for its portrayal of women's bodies. 
She was also critical of other advertising campaigns such as Yves Saint Laurent in 2001. "For several years, and with increasing frequency over the past months, advertising has presented images of women which many judge humiliating and degrading,"
See also.
Prostitution in France

</doc>
<doc id="30932387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932387" title="Schnepf">
Schnepf

Schnepf may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30932389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932389" title="The Big Picture with Thom Hartmann">
The Big Picture with Thom Hartmann

The Big Picture with Thom Hartmann is an American TV talk/news show owned, hosted and produced by political commentator and radio host Thom Hartmann, and Hartmann's production company (which also produces his radio show), Mythical Research, Inc., and is represented by WYD Media, Inc. The Big Picture started in 2008 in Portland, Oregon, as a half-hour TV show and was originally syndicated exclusively on Free Speech TV. 
Over the next few years, more community TV stations and cable systems picked it up, and Hartmann moved to Washington, DC, taking both his radio show and The Big Picture with him. With that move, he expanded the show to an hour, and also licensed the show to RT, partially in exchange for use of their television studios and facilities. While the show carries the RT bug, it is entirely owned by Hartmann's company, which has contractual editorial control over the program. The editorial staff of the show are employees of Hartmann's company, while the TV production staff work for RT. 
The show is now recorded and broadcast live by RT America, the Washington, D.C.-based affiliate of RT with a presence on both over-the-air and cable TV systems in many major American cities, and also syndicated by Free Speech TV and carried nationwide on both Dish Network channel 9415, DirecTV Channel 348, and on local Public-access television stations across the country. From January 17, 2012 RT's international English-language channel started to broadcast it worldwide in over 100 countries.
As with his overall political stance and his talk radio program, "The Big Picture" leans to the left-of-center in American politics and primarily focuses on American topics while featuring many debates with conservative personalities. Hartmann also regularly interviews left-of-center personalities. 
Until September 2011, RT personality Lucy Kafanov filled in for Hartmann when he was unavailable for broadcast. Since that time, writer and producer Sam Sacks has served as primary alternate host for the show; other fill-in hosts include Democratic Party strategist Erikka Knuti and political analyst Nathaniel Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="30932392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932392" title="Ali Sleiman">
Ali Sleiman

Ali Sleiman (; born 28 March 1947) is a Lebanese fencer. He competed in four events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30932393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932393" title="2009–10 Atlético Madrid season">
2009–10 Atlético Madrid season

Atlético de Madrid salvaged a largely disappointing season, thanks to a late resurgence resulting in the UEFA Europa League title, following a 2-1 final victory against Fulham. During the course of the tournament, Atlético overcame Liverpool among others, much thanks to Diego Forlán's goalscoring talent. Forlán scored the winning away goal against Liverpool in the extra-time during the semis, as well as two goals against Fulham, culminating in another extra time-winner.
Elsewhere, Atlético reached the final of Copa del Rey, where it lost to Sevilla. The league and Champions League runs were disappointing, however, not winning a single game in Champions League, and just finishing in the top half of the league.

</doc>
<doc id="30932397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932397" title="São Domingos Futebol Clube">
São Domingos Futebol Clube

São Domingos Futebol Clube, commonly known as São Domingos, is a Brazilian football club based in São Domingos, Sergipe state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil twice.
History.
The club was founded on November 11, 2004. São Domingos won the Copa Governador do Estado de Sergipe in 2009, and in 2010. São Domingos faced Sampaio Corrêa in the First Round of the 2010 Copa do Brasi, in the first leg, at Batistão, the game ended in a 1-1 draw. However, in the second leg, played at Estádio Nhozinho Santos, the club was eliminated after being defeated 2-1. They are facing Bahia in the 2011 edition of the Copa do Brasil.
Stadium.
São Domingos Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Arnaldo Pereira. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30932414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932414" title="Lapland New Forest">
Lapland New Forest

Lapland New Forest was a Christmas-themed park that existed for a brief period in December 2008, near Ringwood, Hampshire, UK. The park attracted a great deal of infamy in the United Kingdom in 2008 due to the extremely poor quality of its attractions, which largely consisted of a single billboard depicting the nativity, lights dangling from trees, mistreated animals in chains, a broken ice rink, empty garden sheds (previously described as log cabins by the website) and a very poorly decorated Santa's grotto. 
The park had been advertised as being a 'winter wonderland' that featured a huge amount of exciting family events, including 'bustling Christmas markets' and sold over 50,000 advance tickets, with ticket prices beginning at £25. Over £1.2 million had been made in total.
After being open for less than one week the park closed and its website was removed, thousands of angry visitors having attacked workers at the site – including Santa and his elves, one of which was slapped around the face. Children who had looked forward to the event were reduced to tears, especially when Santa was caught smoking. In February 2011, Victor Mears and Henry Mears, the brothers who ran the park, were found guilty of misleading advertising, and were jailed for 13 months each in March 2011. 
In October 2011 the pair had their convictions quashed by the Court of Appeal following revelations that one of the jurors had been texting her fiance during the trial. The fiance had been present in court and the text messages (one of which simply read "guilty") had been seen by other jurors. The Court of Appeal's view was that this made the convictions unsafe. Dorset County Council, which had brought the original prosecution, subsequently indicated that it would not be seeking a retrial as the brothers had already served prison sentences.

</doc>
<doc id="30932441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932441" title="Made in Milan">
Made in Milan

Made in Milan is a 1990 short documentary film about fashion designer Giorgio Armani; it shows him preparing for a show and discusses his ideas about fashion, his family history and the city of Milan. It was directed by Martin Scorsese. It was Scorsese's first short film since the 1967 "The Big Shave", his first documentary since the 1978 "The Last Waltz", and his first (and so far only) documentary short.

</doc>
<doc id="30932444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932444" title="M. J. Rose">
M. J. Rose

M. J. Rose is an American author and book marketing executive.
Biography.
Rose lives in Connecticut with the composer Doug Scofield and their dog, Winka.
Before she began her publishing career, Rose graduated from Syracuse University and worked in advertising, serving as Creative director of Rosenfeld Sirowitz and Lawson. One of her commercials is featured in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Writing.
She launched her publishing career in 1998, when she self-published her first novel, "Lip Service". Traditional publishers had rejected it, unsure of how to market a book that did not fit into one distinct genre, so Rose set up a website where readers could download the book and began to promote it online. After the book sold 2500 copies in digital and paper formats, it was chosen by the Literary Guild/Doubleday Book Club and became the first e-book to be subsequently published by a mainstream New York publisher.
Following" Lip Service", Rose wrote the thrillers "In Fidelity" (2001), "Flesh Tones" (2003), and "Sheet Music" (2004). Her Butterfield Institute Series introduced protagonist Dr. Morgan Snow, a renowned New York sex therapist, and includes "The Halo Effect" (2005), "The Delilah Complex" (2006), and "The Venus Fix" (2006). She also wrote the erotic novel, "Lying in Bed" (2006). She followed with a series focusing on reincarnation and other supernatural phenomena, starting with "The Reincarnationist" (2007), and continuing with "The Memorist" (2008) and "The Hypnotist" (2010). A fourth book in the series, "The Book of Lost Fragrances", is due to be released in March 2012. "The Reincarnationist" was the inspiration for the Fox TV series "Past Life."
Rose provides book marketing services and consultation to authors through AuthorBuzz.com and runs a blog, Buzz, Balls & Hype. She co-authored "Buzz Your Book" with Doug Clegg, which she uses to teach an online book marketing class of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="30932487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932487" title="Heino Holm">
Heino Holm

Heino Holm Knudsen (born January 28, 1979) is a Danish left back handballer playing for the Danish league club Viborg HK, where he arrived from league rivals, Team Tvis Holstebro. He has also played for also league rivals Århus GF and AaB Håndbold.

</doc>
<doc id="30932502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932502" title="Sackey Shivute">
Sackey Shivute

Sakaria 'Sackey' Shivute (born 10 October 1965) is a Namibian boxer. Shivute competed for Namibia at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Fighting as a middleweight, Shivute lost to Australian Justann Crawford in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="30932513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932513" title="2011–12 Columbus Blue Jackets season">
2011–12 Columbus Blue Jackets season

The 2011–12 Columbus Blue Jackets season was the team's 12th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Blue Jackets' record of 29–46–7 was the worst record in the NHL for 2011–12 and the first time in franchise history they finished in last place. It also marked the third straight year that they missed the playoffs. Consequently, they had the best chance to receive the first overall selection in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft lottery, but lost out to the Edmonton Oilers and received the second pick instead.
The Blue Jackets began the year with the worst start in franchise history and the worst by any team in an NHL season in 19 years. After an 11–25–5 start, head coach Scott Arniel was fired and replaced by assistant coach Todd Richards. The poor season prompted several personnel changes including the trade of All-Star forward Jeff Carter, who was acquired with much fanfare during the off-season. With the prospect of another rebuild looming the Blue Jackets' captain and best player, Rick Nash, requested to be traded, though he would remain with the team for the entire season.
The team was involved in a controversial loss to the Los Angeles Kings, when the Staples Center clock appeared to freeze at 1.8 seconds allowing the Kings time to score the tying goal, before winning in overtime. During the season Columbus managed only two winning streaks of three or more games. One of which came towards the end of the year helping the Blue Jackets finish with 65 points, the third worst point total in franchise history.
Off-season.
In the off-season the Blue Jackets' approach to building their team changed, moving from a team of young developing players into one with established players. The first deal general manager Scott Howson made was the acquisition of All-Star forward Jeff Carter on June 23, 2011. The deal sent Jakub Voracek, Columbus' first round draft choice, the eighth overall, and their third round pick in the 2011 draft to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for Carter. The trade received a positive response in Columbus from fans and management who felt they finally had a number one center to play alongside of their best player, Rick Nash. Next they traded for the negotiating rights of soon to be free agent James Wisniewski. Wisniewski scored a career high 51 points during the 2010–11 season, splitting time between the New York Islanders and Montreal Canadiens. The point total was fifth highest in the league for defenseman scoring, tying Tobias Enstrom. The Blue Jackets came to terms with Wisniewski, just an hour prior to the start of free agency, signing him to a six-year $33 million deal.
Columbus also traded former first round draft pick Nikita Filatov to the Ottawa Senators for a third round pick in the 2011 draft. Filatov had failed to live up to expectations in Columbus, playing in only 44 games over three seasons scoring six goals. Prior to the start of the season the Blue Jackets were questioned for not signing a veteran back-up to starting goaltender Steve Mason, as the former Calder Trophy winner had struggled in consecutive seasons. The Blue Jackets signed Mark Dekanich as the back-up who had only 50 minutes of NHL experience prior to the start of the season. Columbus did sign a veteran Curtis Sanford to be their third string goaltender and to start for their American Hockey League affiliate the Springfield Falcons. Sanford had not played in the NHL since 2009. During training camp Dekanich suffered a high ankle sprain that was expected to keep him out of the line-up for a month. Sanford suffered a groin injury, leaving Allen York as the back-up. York had only played four professional games, all in the American Hockey League, entering the season.
Regular season.
October – December.
After the first 5 games, all losses, Carter suffered a broken foot that kept him out of the line-up for 10 games. While Carter was injured the Blue Jackets continued to lose games. In the eighth game of the year they had a chance to end the losing streak versus the Ottawa Senators. Columbus held a 3–2 lead with under a minute to play. Jason Spezza tied the game on a late power play, and with just 4.7 seconds remaining Milan Michalek notched the winning goal for the Senators. The loss helped set a franchise record for futility with a 0–7–1 record to start a season. The losing streak came to an end three days later with a win versus the Detroit Red Wings. During the game several milestones were reached. Wisniewski made his Columbus debut, Ryan Johansen and John Moore scored their first career NHL goals, and Grant Clitsome had a career high three assists. Columbus was unable to create any momentum from the win and continued to struggle, culminating in a 2–12–1 record, which was the worst start to an NHL season for any team in 19 years. With the team struggling, management attempted to "shake things up" by making some roster moves. The first move was the acquisition of center Mark Letestu from the Pittsburgh Penguins. Next they traded defenseman Kris Russell, to the St. Louis Blues for their defenseman, Nikita Nikitin. As the clubs slow start continued, there were rumors that head coach Scott Arniel would be fired and replaced with Ken Hitchcock. Hitchcock had previously coached the Blue Jackets to their only playoff appearance in club history and was still under contract with the franchise through to the end of the season. Before any of these rumors came to fruition the St. Louis Blues asked Columbus for permission to hire Hitchcock, which the Blue Jackets allowed. Hitchcock began his Blues coaching career with a 6–1–2 record in his first 9 games, while Columbus amassed a 6–13–3 record to start the season.
During the same time frame as the Hitchcock rumors, Sanford returned from his groin injury on November 13. He made his first start of the season against the Boston Bruins, losing 2–1 in a shootout. Sanford continued his strong play posting a 3–1–2 record, 1.38 goals-against average, and .947 save percentage over his next 6 games. Sanford started 12 consecutive games before Mason made his next start. The number of starts might not have been as numerous, but prior to the November 23 game Mason was hit in the head by a shot from Rick Nash during pre-game warm-ups and suffered a concussion. Mason returned from his concussion after two games making a start against the Vancouver Canucks. Mason allowed only one goal in the game despite suffering from cramping in the third period, temporarily being replaced by Sanford for just over three minutes. Columbus won the game 2–1 in a shootout breaking a nine game losing streak to the Canucks. After the game Arniel stated that Sanford was still seen as the team's number one goaltender. However, Mason started four of the next six games with the Blue Jackets going 0–5–1 during that stretch.
January – February.
With the losing continuing, more rumors began to surface. Unlike before the rumors were about player moves rather than coaching changes. The majority of rumors were that the Blue Jackets would trade Nash. While Howson stated that he had never brought up trading Nash in discussions, other teams had inquired about his availability. Nash stated that if Columbus felt it would make the franchise better than he would be willing to waive his no-trade clause. Howson publicly stated that he had no intention of trading Nash. More rumors came to light when reports attributed to Réseau des sports stated that Carter was unhappy in Columbus and demanded a trade. Howson, Carter, and his agent all denied that a trade request was ever made, and they were unsure where the reports were coming from. With the trade deadline approaching, speculation picked up on the Blue Jackets trading Carter. Reports were that Columbus was trying to trade Carter and that he was "100 percent available".
At the half way point of the season with the Blue Jackets barely into double digit wins with an 11–25–5 record, worst in the league, and sitting 20 points out of playoff position, Columbus fired Arniel. He was replaced by assistant coach Todd Richards on an interim basis. Richards had previously coached the Minnesota Wild. He recorded his first coaching victory for the Blue Jackets in his second game, a 4–3 win over the Phoenix Coyotes. The change in coaching did not change the fortunes of the team as they reached the All-Star break with a 13–30–6 record. At the break Blue Jackets' owner John P. McConnell sent out a letter to fans stating his understanding of their frustration. He added that action would be taken around the trade deadline, the Entry Draft, and free agency to take the team in a new direction. When speaking of the season McConnell stated "disappointing is not a strong enough word" and that he was committed to giving fans a team of which they can be proud of. He also thanked them for their dedication and passion, while reiterating that the team goal was to "win consistently and compete for the Stanley Cup". Days later a 250 person protest occurred outside of Nationwide Arena. Fans were upset with the Blue Jackets' management and were calling for changes at the top. The same day the fans protested, it was announced that the franchise would host the 2013 All-Star Game. Columbus was without a representative for the 2012 All-star game, but Johansen represented the club as a rookie participant in the super skills competition. In the competition Johansen participated in the "Allstate Insurance NHL Breakaway Challenge", a shootout themed event judged by the fans. He received just 1% of the vote and finished last.
Following the break the Blue Jackets were on the road playing the Los Angeles Kings, with the score tied late in the game, Kings' defenseman Drew Doughty scored with just 0.4 seconds remaining to win the game. Upon review of the goal it was determined that the clock at Staples Center froze at 1.8 seconds for over a full second, which would have resulted in time expiring prior to the goal being scored. Kings' GM Dean Lombardi stated that the clock was correct and no extra time had been added, due to the way the clock self-corrects at various times. Howson stated on the team's blog that "It is an amazing coincidence that with the Kings on a power play at Staples Center and with a mad scramble around our net in the dying seconds of the third period of a 2–2 hockey game that the clock stopped for at least one full second" adding that "Either there was a deliberate stopping of the clock or the clock malfunctioned." Senior Vice President of Hockey Operations Colin Campbell stated that the Blue Jackets were wronged, but that the outcome of the game could not be changed, and that the delay was not noticed by the off-ice officials or the situation room in Toronto. To determine the true cause of the clock pause the NHL launched an investigation, talking with the clocks' manufacturer and interviewing the Staples Center staff.
Two weeks prior to the NHL trade deadline, Columbus announced that unlike earlier in the season they would listen to trade proposals involving Nash, though they were not actively shopping him. Howson stated that the team was open to all options for improving the team, including trading Nash. Speculation was that in return for Nash the Blue Jackets would ask for a "combination of young, proven players, high-end prospects and draft picks". Leading up to the trade deadline, the Blue Jackets dealt Antoine Vermette to the Coyotes for two draft picks and goaltender Curtis McElhinney. Despite being injured at the time, the acquisition of McElhinney was believed to give Columbus the flexibility to trade Sanford. The following day on February 23 Columbus traded Carter to the Kings. In the deal Columbus acquired defenseman Jack Johnson and a first round draft pick. The Blue Jackets were given a choice of either taking the pick in 2012 or 2013. At the deadline Columbus was unable to come to terms on a deal involving Nash, but did make one more move. The Blue Jackets sent center Samuel Pahlsson to the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for two fourth round draft picks and minor league defenseman Taylor Ellington. Following the trade deadline Howson announced that the team had attempted to trade Nash at the player's request. Nash stated that he had requested the trade after being informed that the franchise was going into another rebuilding phase. He further noted that he felt that he "could be a huge part of that towards bringing assets in," and in his view "it was the best thing for the team, the organization, and personally for career." After the personnel changes the Blue Jackets closed out the month with a three game losing streak.
March – April.
Columbus started March with a 2–0 shutout against the Colorado Avalanche. They proceeded to win their next game against the Phoenix Coyotes 5–2, which marked the first time that the Blue Jackets posted back-to-back regulation victories during the season. Columbus again defeated the Coyotes three days later to earn their first three-game win streak of the season. They extended the streak to four with a win over the Kings before it came to an end with a 4–1 loss to the St. Louis Blues. It was the only four-game win streak of the season for the Blue Jackets. They immediately matched their four-game win streak with a four-game losing streak and with ten games remaining the Blue Jackets were the first team eliminated from playoff contention. Shortly after being eliminated, they were defeated by the Edmonton Oilers 6–3; the loss clinched last place in the NHL for Columbus. It was the first time in franchise history the Blue Jackets finished in 30th place.
Three days later, on March 28, Mason was injured in the morning skate when a shot from Colton Gillies hit him in the mask. With Sanford again injured, York made an emergency start. Playing against the Detroit Red Wings, York made 29 saves including 17 in the third period, helping Columbus to a 4–2 victory and giving York his first career NHL win. York remained the starter and led the Blue Jackets to a second three-game winning streak. In his fourth start, Columbus was shut out by the Coyotes despite a franchise record 54 shots on goal, losing 2–0. The 54 saves by Phoenix goaltender Mike Smith set an NHL record for a regulation shutout. Mason returned to the starter's role for the final two games, winning both. The two victories gave Columbus 65 points for the year, their third-lowest total in franchise history.
The Blue Jackets struggled in shorthanded situations, allowing the most power-play goals in the League, with 64, and having the lowest penalty-kill percentage, at 76.64%
Post-season.
Finishing with the worst record in the NHL, Columbus had the best chance of receiving the first overall pick in the 2012 draft. With the NHL's weighted draft lottery the Blue Jackets had a 48.2% chance of drafting first overall. However, the lottery was won by the Oilers who proceeded to leapfrog Columbus and secure the number one draft pick for a third consecutive year. It was the fifth time that the Blue Jackets were dropped one draft position in the franchises twelve lottery participations.
A month later, on May 14, the Blue Jackets announced that Richards would remain as head coach and signed him to a two-year contract. During the press conference Howson noted "Our team continuously improved under Todd and he has earned the opportunity to build upon the work he started." Columbus posted an 18–21–2 record under Richards including winning seven of their final eleven games.
Standings.
Since being founded as an expansion team the Blue Jackets have played in the Central Division of the Western Conference. Their Division mates the Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings, Nashville Predators, and St. Louis Blues all made the playoff during the 2011–12 season, which helped Columbus finish 36 points behind fourth place Chicago and 44 points out of first.
Player statistics.
In ice hockey a combination of a player's goals and assists are collectively called points. Penalty minutes are the total number of minutes assigned to a player for infractions assessed during the season.Plus/minus is a statistic that tracks when a player was on the ice while goals were scored, both for and against their team, though some in game situations will not effect the statistic. Below is a listing of all player statistics for the Blue Jackets during the season.
Skaters.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played in; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes; +/- = Plus/minus
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Blue Jackets. Stats reflect time with the Blue Jackets only.
‡Traded mid-season
Milestones.
When Mason was injured in warm-ups late in the year, Columbus was without an active goaltender on their roster. To remedy the situation the team signed former University of Michigan goaltender Shawn Hunwick to a one day amateur tryout contract. After being eliminated from the NCAA Tournament just days prior, Hunwick skipped an astronomy class, and drove his worn down 2003 Ford Ranger to Columbus to make the game. He served as the back-up to Allen York during the game, and the following day he signed a contract for the remainder of the year. With Mason returning from injury Hunwick was third on depth chart when an injury to York allowed Hunwick to remain as the back-up for the final two games of the year. In the final game of the season, the Blue Jackets were leading the Islanders 7–3 with 2:33 remaining when, at the behest of his teammates, head coach Todd Richards put Hunwick in to finish the game. He did not face a shot. Hunwick was the franchise record ninth player to make his NHL debut during the season. Conversely, Vinny Prospal played in his one-thousandth NHL game during the year. 
Transactions.
During the off-season the Blue Jackets parted ways with defensemen Jan Hejda, Anton Stralman, Sami Lepisto, and Mike Commodore. Hejda, who played four of his first five NHL seasons with the Blue Jackets, was offered a contract by Columbus, but felt that the organization undervalued him and left via free agency. Columbus had offered him a three-year $7.5 million contract. He signed a four-year $13 million deal with the Colorado Avalanche. Stralman and Lepisto were not given qualifying offers which made them unrestricted free agents, and both signed with other teams. Commodore had originally signed a big contract with the Blue Jackets in 2008, but fell out of favor. He was waived, sent to the minors, and eventually had his contract bought out. In order to replace the departed players, Columbus not only acquired Wisniewski, they also signed 10 year NHL veteran Radek Martinek. Martinek played only seven games with the Blue Jackets before suffering a concussion and missing the remainder of the season. Brett Lebda was brought in to replace him.
2011 Draft picks.
The 2011 NHL Entry Draft was held in St. Paul, Minnesota on June 24 and 25. In the draft Columbus selected two players who were projected to go higher in the draft. Boone Jenner, a projected second line center, was expected to be a first round selection, but slipped to the second round. Seth Ambroz, a projected third line enforcer, had some believing he would be taken in the second round prior to falling to the fifth. They filled out the other the remainder of their draft with players considered to have a high upside, but in need of time to develop their game. Their final selection goaltender Anton Forsberg was taken following the recommendation of goalie coach Ian Clark. Jenner (Canada), third round pick T. J. Tynan (United States), and Forsberg (Sweden) all played for their national teams at the 2012 World Junior Championship.
sources: 
Notes.
1: The NHL uses a point system for their standings that awards two points for a win and one point an overtime or shootout loss. The denotation of a teams record is wins-losses-overtime/shootout losses.

</doc>
<doc id="30932531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932531" title="1871 in India">
1871 in India

Events in the year 1871 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="30932542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932542" title="List of Speakers of the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea">
List of Speakers of the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea

List of Speakers of the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea.
Below is a list of office-holders:

</doc>
<doc id="30932560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932560" title="YXY Building Blocks">
YXY Building Blocks

YXY is a brand name for furan based building blocks developed by the high throughput company Avantium. Furanics (e.g. 2,5-Furandicarboxylic acid, hydroxymethylfurfural (HMF), furfural) have been referred to as “Sleeping Giants” because of their enormous market potential, as evidenced by the research of DuPont and DSM in this area and its position in the US Department of Energy top 12 of high-potential biobased products. YXY building blocks have a different manufacturing process than the traditional pursued routes towards HMF (minimizing the water content without using exotic solvents such as ionic liquids and DMSO/MIBK). YXY is a trademark of Avantium of the Netherlands.
Uses.
HMF and MMF are key molecules into the conversion of carbohydrates into liquid biofuels, polymers and chemicals. Oxidation of HMF and MMF results in the formation of 2,5-furandicarboxylic acid, which has been proposed as a replacement of terephthalic acid for the production of a wide range of plastics including polyesters and polyamides. The potential applications of furan based building blocks for polymer applications has been extensively reviewed by Gandini. In collaboration with NatureWorks (subsidiary of Cargill) the development of YXY polyesters was initiated. This collaboration has already demonstrated that YXY polyesters have properties that are very similar or even better (barrier properties) than regular PET, allowing to develop a green version of this bulk polymer. Avantium has entered into a partnership with Teijin Aramid, producer of Twaron, to develop YXY for aramides. HMF and MMF can be converted to a wide range of mono- and dialkoxymethyl ethers. The compounds can also further converted to 2,5-dimethylfuran (DMF) and valeric biofuels. Several heavy duty Diesel engine tests have demonstrated the potential of YXY molecules as a green component to blend with Diesel fuel.
History.
Already for many decades, the potential of furanic products, obtained from carbohydrates, has been identified. However, despite the impressive array of useful furfural and HMF-derived intermediate chemicals in literature, HMF is still not produced on an industrial scale. Historically it is interesting to look at the two earlier HMF commercialization attempts that made it to the pilot plant stage. The main problem associated with producing HMF is that in principle HMF is an intermediate in the dehydration of hexoses to Levulinic acid and formic acid. In other words, HMF is not stable under the acidic conditions required for its formation. Both attempts used different strategies to handle this problem. The first of these is by Roquette Freres in France who introduced a two-phase process in which the polar phase contained the hexose feed and an organic phase such as methylisobutyl ketone (MIBK) or dimethoxyethane (DME) to extract the HMF out of the reactive phase directly after formation. The second approach by Südzucker was based on water as diluent and conditions that maximized HMF selectivity, rather than maximizing HMF yield or hexose conversion. The process involved the use of a homogeneous catalyst such as sulfuric acid and an ion-exchange resin to separate the catalyst from the reaction product. When under these conditions sucrose or glucose was used as a feed, no conversion to HMF is observed, which is a distinct disadvantage given the lower price and abundant availability of sucrose and glucose. Only in the presence of dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO), dimethylformamide (DMF) and dimethylacetamide (DMA), ionic liquids or in a sub- and supercritical mixture of acetone and water reasonable HMF yields from starting materials other than fructose were obtained. Concluding, the known methods for the synthesis of HMF with economic potential mostly start from fructose and typically do not give high yield, partly attributable to the instability of HMF under the acidic reaction conditions required for HMF formation. Low conversion routes in water and in biphasic solvent systems both have disadvantages and no commercial process could be developed using these approaches.

</doc>
<doc id="30932564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932564" title="IATI">
IATI

IATI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30932586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932586" title="Instituto de Administração de Projetos Educacionais Futebol Clube">
Instituto de Administração de Projetos Educacionais Futebol Clube

Instituto de Administração de Projetos Educacionais Futebol Clube, commonly known as IAPE, is a Brazilian football club based in São Luís, Maranhão state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on August 8, 2008. IAPE won the Campeonato Maranhense Second Level in 2008, and the Copa União do Maranhão in 2010. They are facing Atlético Mineiro in the 2011 edition of the Copa do Brasil.
Stadium.
Instituto de Administração de Projetos Educacionais Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Nhozinho Santos. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30932590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932590" title="Francis Joseph Sherman">
Francis Joseph Sherman

Francis Joseph Sherman (February 3, 1871 – June 15, 1926) was a Canadian poet.
He published a number of books of poetry during the last years of the nineteenth century, including "Matins" and "In Memorabilia Mortis" (a collection of sonnets in memory of William Morris).
Life.
Sherman was born in Fredericton, New Brunswick, the son of Alice Maxwell Myrshall and Louis Walsh Sherman. He attended Fredericton Collegiate School, where he came under the influence of headmaster George R. Parkin, "an Oxonian with an enthusiasm for the poetry of Rossetti, Swinburne, and, notably, Morris," who had also taught Bliss Carman and Charles G.D. Roberts. For a short time, Carman was one of Sherman's teachers.
Sherman entered the University of New Brunswick in 1886, but had to drop out after a year for financial reasons. Louis Sherman abandoned his family, and Francis, as the eldest of the seven children, had to help support them. In 1887 he took a junior post in the Merchants' Bank of Halifax in Woodstock, New Brunswick, transferring back to Fredericton the next year.
Charles G.D. Roberts, who first met Sherman in 1895, described him as "very tall, lean, very dark, with heavy black eyebrows like his mother, and with the large wistful eyes of the poet rather than the banker." Sherman was writing poetry at that time, and with Roberts's encouragement published his first book the next year.
Sherman was engaged to May Whelpey of Fredericton when they were both in their twenties. However, the marriage was called off after she was stricken with infantile paralysis.
By 1898 Sherman was the manager of the Merchants' Bank Fredericton branch, "the youngest man in Canada to hold such an office." He was transferred to the Montreal office in 1899, and in November of that year sent to Havana, Cuba, as the bank's first agent there. He "had established the bank's influence throughout Cuba and the Caribbean by 1901, when the Merchants' Bank changed its name to the Royal Bank of Canada."
Sherman last published work appeared at Christmastime, 1900, and he appears to have stopped writing poetry entirely in 1901. "Outside business hours, his chief hobby was reading, and collecting first editions. What little spare time remained he devoted to swimming and yachting. A love of the seas was in his veins. He sailed his own yacht, White Wings, in many races, and was Vice-Commodore of the Havana Yacht Club at the time of his return to Canada." Sherman stayed in Cuba until 1912, at which time he transferred back to Montreal.
When World War I broke out in 1914, Sherman left his bank position, enrolling with the Officers' Training Corps at McGill University, and then enlisting as a private for reinforcements of Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry in 1915. In France, he became a captain and later was transferred to the Royal Canadian Pay Corps, where he reached the rank of major.
After the War Sherman returned to the Royal Bank, but had to resign in 1919 due to ill health caused by his military service.
Sherman married Ruth Ann Sullivan of Philadelphia on June 16, 1921. They had two sons, Francis and Jerry. Francis Sherman died in Atlantic City, New Jersey, in 1926, and is buried in Forest Hill Cemetery in Fredericton.
Writing.
"Matins".
In 1896, Sherman visited Bliss Carman's publishers, Copeland and Day, in Boston, taking with him "a slim manuscript of thirty poems in an assortment of styles, most either sonnets or ballads." Copeland and Day published them as his first book, "Matins". Copeland and Day subsequently became the regular publisher of Sherman's work. Bliss Carman called "Matins" "the most notable first volume of verse of the past year," while Roberts called it "a work of considerable significance.". In the United States, the "Hartford Courant" cited the book for “dignity, art, and much beauty of thought and expression”, and the Boston Transcript added that it was “of genuine literary importance.” Rudyard Kipling reportedly also praised the book.
The poetry of this first volume "is unmistakably derived from Rossetti and the early Morris". Many of the stories recall Morris poems: "a narrator speaks from beyond life, a fantastic setting is located beyond space and time, a ballad and a dramatic monologue are written in the Froissartian tone, interior and exterior landscapes reflect the speakers’ disturbed psychological states, precise details of colour predominate, italics are used for effect, atmospheres are Medieval, and, in general, the subjects are love, fate, and death." At the same time, as Roberts notes, in "some respects Sherman was most akin to Rossetti. 'A Memory,' 'The Path,' 'The Last Flower” and “The Kingfisher' ... vividly recall Rossetti’s brilliance of light color, but most of all his rich imagery and sensuous recollection."
"In Memorabilia Mortis".
Sherman's next publication, "In Memorabilia Mortis", also published in 1896, was an elegy he had composed just two months after Morris's death that October. The elegy consists of six stanzas, each of which is also a technically perfect sonnet. Roberts says of these that, "In mastery of the sonnet form, in beauty of cadence, in verbal felicity and adequacy of thought content, with the nineteen sonnets of lofty faith published, in 1899, under the title of "The Deserted City", they fully establish him in the same rank with Lampman, our master sonneteer."
The elegy contains obvious allusions to Morris's work: "the seasonal and perceptual subjects of Sherman’s elegy recall "The Earthly Paradise" sequence of lyrics as a whole; in a sense, "In Memorabilia Mortis" returns Morris’s art to him in a modified and relevant Canadian form and by so doing demonstrates the universality of his mythmaking project."
A Prelude.
Sherman's long poem "A Prelude" was published privately by Copeland and Day in 1897. It "demonstrates a subtle shift away from the Pre-Raphaelites. Its diction is not as anachronistic as the previous collections, though it is still freighted with elevated language. Sherman incorporates Canadian foliage such as birches, maples, and pines more perceptibly here and allows himself a closer association to New Brunswick subject matter." Roberts called "A Prelude" "a sustained contemplative poem of nature interwoven with human interest, inspired with that seriousness, that unawareness of the trivial, so characteristic of all Sherman’s work. It is written, with unfaltering technique throughout, in that most exacting Italian verse form, the Terza Rima, which scarcely any one else except Shelley has known how to handle successfully in English."
"The Deserted City".
Three years later, Copeland and Day published (again privately) "The Deserted City," "nineteen lyrical and finely disciplined sonnets on faith and love, described by Roberts as the work of a ‘master sonneteer’." Modelled on Dante Gabriel Rossetti's "House of Life," the sonnet sequence "demonstrates Sherman’s attempts to reconcile spiritual/secular dichotomies by exploring the soul/body conflict." "The Deserted City" "exhibits a less elevated language and explores the Canadian scene in a more realistic sense" than in his earlier work.
"A Canadian Calendar: XII Lyrics".
Sherman’s last collection was "A Canadian Calendar: XII Lyrics", privately published in Havana in 1900. This cycle, meant to describe Canadian nature over a full year, show "a more authentic New Brunswick, partly because Sherman exhibits a greater diversity of metrical pattern than in previous works." Roberts calls this book "Sherman’s most mature and deepest work. Life has marked him inescapably. The tragedy of his great love and his great loss inspires every one of these twelve poems, but always it is expressed interpretatively in terms of the changing seasons."
In this last book, "Sherman’s ability to apply the techniques of Rossetti and, especially, Morris to specifically Canadian subjects appears most clearly... Sherman presents the particularities of seasonal changes in landscape, as well as the correspondent variations in human mood, with sensitivity and clarity. Form and content blend. 'A Song in August' and 'Three Gray Days' are examples of this suitability."
An Acadian Easter.
“An Acadian Easter,” published in "The Atlantic Monthly" in 1900, is considered Sherman's strongest piece of work. "This is an attempt — a very successful attempt — to present an heroic and supremely tragic episode of Canadian history, the episode of Madame La Tour ... but impressionistically and by allusion. It is written in firmly woven but intensely emotionalized blank verse interspersed with plangent lyrics. It is a poetical, but hardly a popular, triumph."
The poem is a dramatic monologue spoken by Madame LaTour, "with varying stanza forms reminiscent of Morris’s 'Sir Peter Harpdon’s End' and 'Rapunzel'. Whereas the personal voice of Lady La Tour recalls that of Guenevere, her historical voice and situation have similarities with those of Peter Harpdon. The speaker’s reflections on her betrayal by both love and history give her words the psychological intensity and nostalgic depth of the "Guenevere" poems... Her vision is, then, 'Pre-Raphaelite but, at the same time, distinctively Canadian."
In her essay, "'There Was One Thing He Could Not See': William Morris in the Writing of Archibald Lampman and Francis Sherman," Karen Herbert sums up: "Sherman’s integration of Canadian history, landscape, and perspective into Morris’s psychological narrative, colour symbolism, and form creates an exemplary Canadian myth. All in all, Sherman’s poetry acknowledges both his debt to Morris and Rossetti and his allegiance to a Canadian mode of vision and voice. This dialectic predominates in the work of Francis Sherman, a personally diffident but artistically assured turn-of-the-century Canadian poet."
Recognition.
In a 1934 address to the Royal Society of Canada, Roberts referred to the complete neglect of Sherman’s work by critics.
In 1935 Sherman's "Complete Poems" were published, with a memoir by the editor, Lorne Pierce, and a foreword by Sir Charles G.D. Roberts.
In 1945, Sherman's name was added to the Canadian Government's list of Persons of National Historic Significance.
He is commemorated by a sculpture erected on the University of New Brunswick campus in 1947 that portrays him with fellow poets Bliss Carman and Sir Charles G.D. Roberts.
Publications.
"Except where noted, bibliographical information courtesy of New Brunswick Literary Encyclopedia."

</doc>
<doc id="30932595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932595" title="Comex Group">
Comex Group

Comex Group is the fourth largest paint manufacturer and distributor of paints and waterproofing products in North America, with 3,300 locations. 
Sherwin-Williams Company (SHW), the largest U.S. paint retailer, agreed in November 2012 to acquire closely held Consorcio Comex SA de CV for about $2.34 billion including debt to gain Mexico’s largest paint maker. This deal has since been terminated by Sherwin-Williams, effective April 4th, 2014, and a result of such, PPG Industries has agreed to buy Comex for $2.3 billion 

</doc>
<doc id="30932597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932597" title="USNS Kawishiwi (T-AO-146)">
USNS Kawishiwi (T-AO-146)

"Kawishiwi" (AO-146) was launched 11 December 1954 by New York Ship Building Corp., Camden, N. J.; sponsored by Mrs. Edmund T. Wooldridge; and commissioned 6 July 1955, Captain Joseph B. Swain in command. "Kawishiwi" cleared Philadelphia 18 November 1955, and arrived at home port Long Beach 8 December for shakedown training. Upon completion of the training, she departed Long Beach 25 April 1956 to replenish ships of the 7th Fleet. She remained in the Far East on refueling operations until returning to Long Beach 10 October.
Service history.
United States Navy, 1956–1979.
During 1957 the oiler divided the year into refueling duties in the Far East and operations out of Long Beach. "Kawishiwi" arrived at Pearl Harbor, her home port, 21 January 1958, and 1 month later sailed for her third Westpac deployment. Her ability to refuel ships at a rapid rate increased the mobility of the United States Seventh Fleet as it operated in the Far East. 
"Kawishiwi" sailed once again 18 November, after a 5-month interval of Hawaiian exercises, for duty with Service Force, Pacific Fleet, in the Far East. Carrier task groups were then operating off Taiwan, as the Chinese Nationalist held islands Quemoy-Matsu appeared in danger. The oiler returned Pearl Harbor 23 March 1959 and resumed Hawaiian operations. 
Her next Westpac cruise in August was also in the midst of Communist pressure, this time at Laos. However, the show of strength by the United States averted a crisis, and, after completing refueling duties, the oiler arrived Pearl Harbor 23 November. She sailed again 3 May 1960 on her sixth Westpac deployment, replenishing ships of the Taiwan patrol before returning to Hawaii 22 August. 
Following replenishment operations in Hawaiian waters, "Kawishiwi" departed 6 February 1961 for 7th Fleet services. In addition to standing watch over the tense situation in Laos, the Fleet engaged in SEATO exercises in April. The oiler returned home 26 June for a 4-month respite before another Far East tour commencing 23 October. She fueled units of the 7th Fleet as the need for peacekeeping missions by the Navy intensified. "Kawishiwi" returned to Pearl Harbor 27 February 1962 for overhaul. 
From 17 September 1962 to 5 February 1963, she engaged in another Far East deployment with the 7th Fleet. During October she replenished many ships participating in amphibious exercises off Okinawa. "Kawishiwi" returned home 5 February and operated in Hawaiian waters throughout the year engaging in exercises and replenishment duties. As military operations in Vietnam grew in intensity, her duty in the Orient concentrated more and more on refueling the Navy's ships which were fighting Communist aggression in Southeast Asia. After devoting most of the first half of 1966 to servicing ships off Vietnam, she returned to Pearl Harbor 15 July. Operations in the mid-Pacific ensued until she headed back to the Western Pacific 27 March 1967. "Kawishiwi" arrived Subic Bay 12 April and fueled the ships of the 7th Fleet through mid-1967.
During the years 1969-1975, "Kawishiwi" remained in Far East waters supporting military operations off the coast of North and South Vietnam delivering millions of gallons of fuel oil, jet fuel, aviation gasoline of fuel oil, of jet fuel and over of aviation gasoline to 271 ships. In addition to her normal petroleum products, "Kawishiwi" delivered over 290,000 pounds of fleet freight and mail, plus 234 passengers for ships in Vietnamese waters.
During 1970-1971, "Kawishiwi" once again found herself away from her home port of Pearl Harbor and instead off the coast of Vietnam supporting military operations. During this latest cruise, her sixteenth, under the command of Captain Donald M. Wyand, the "Kawishiwi" delivered of fuel to 196 ships. In addition to her normal petroleum products, the "Kawishiwi" delivered over 250,000 pounds of fleet freight and mail, plus 200 passengers for ships in Vietnamese waters.
Military Sealift Command, 1978–1992.
"Kawishiwi" was decommissioned on 10 October 1979, and placed in service with Military Sealift Command as USNS "Kawishiwi" (T-AO-146), continuing her service with a civilian crew. Additionally, a Military Detachment (MilDet) of approximately twenty sailors was aboard to handle communication and repair of electronic equipment. She was placed out of service in 1992, and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 7 November 1994.
Disposal.
"Kawishiwi" was transferred to the United States Maritime Administration (MARAD) on 1 May 1999 for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet in California. On October 27, 2010 the California Ships to Reefs Inc. board approved a plan to "reef" "Kawishiwi" in of water about off the coast of Capistrano Beach in southern California

</doc>
<doc id="30932621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932621" title="Penny Power">
Penny Power

Penny Power OBE (born 29 February 1964) is a British author and speaker.
In 1998, she founded Ecademy with her husband Thomas Power and Glenn Watkins with the aim of helping business people achieve success through online tools, community and friendship. As of May 2011, the Ecademy community has 3011 paying members. Penny Power published a book in August 2009, titled 'Know me, like me, follow me: what online social networking means for you and your business' 
Power was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to entrepreneurship in social and digital development.

</doc>
<doc id="30932629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932629" title="Out of My Hands (Jars of Clay song)">
Out of My Hands (Jars of Clay song)

"Out of My Hands" is a song by Christian rock act Jars of Clay that appears on their 2010-released album, "The Shelter". The song, which was the first radio single released in support of the album, features vocal contributions from Mike Donehey of Tenth Avenue North and Leigh Nash of Sixpence None the Richer. The single peaked at No. 27 on Billboard's Christian Songs chart on September 25, 2010. "Out of My Hands" was co-written by two members of the band's touring ensemble, Gabe Ruschival and Jeremy Lutito.

</doc>
<doc id="30932635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932635" title="Navajo Nation v. U.S. Forest Service">
Navajo Nation v. U.S. Forest Service

Navajo Nation v. U.S. Forest Service was brought to the U.S. Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit in 2007. It was a case that was brought about by previous cases dealing with the expansion of the Snowbowl ski resort on the government-owned sacred lands of the Navajo peoples located in northern Arizona. In Navajo Nation v. U.S. Forest Service, the conflict furthered by the Federal governments use of artificial snow containing treated sewage on the sacred San Francisco Peaks, an area that is owned by the federal government. The Navajo people, along with twelve other nations, made the appeal, citing that the use of sewage water is violating the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. 
Background.
The proposal that the U.S. government approved consists of pumping 1.5 million gallons of sewage effluent per day from the nearby city of Flagstaff, Arizona to the peaks in order to manufacture artificial snow for the Snowbowl. The purpose of the plan is to improve the economic viability of the ski resort, which has suffered diminished profits from decreased annual snowfall. The tribes of the Navajo Nation initiated a suit against the U.S. Forest Service under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. 
Court decision.
In 2007, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals had ruled favorably for the tribes. It held that the proposed use of treated sewage water would impose a "substantial burden" on the exercise of religion for the native nations. This ruling was appealed on August 8, 2008, when the entire bench of the Ninth Circuit ruled that the use of recycled sewage water was not a "substantial burden" on the religious freedom of American Indians. "Substantial burden," the court argued, only occurred if an individual was forced to choose between following the tenets of his or her religious beliefs or receiving government benefit, or coerced to act contrary to his or her religious beliefs by the threat of civil or criminal sanctions. The Native peoples petitioned for certiorari in June 2009, but the High Court denied the tribes' petition, upholding the Ninth Circuit Court's decision.
External links.
Native American Natural Resources Law-Royster
The Navajo Nation Case

</doc>
<doc id="30932663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932663" title="ARA Almirante Brown (1880)">
ARA Almirante Brown (1880)

ARA "Almirante Brown" was a central battery ironclad of the Argentine Navy built in the 1880s by Samuda Brothers in London. "Almirante Brown" displaced and had a top speed of . The ship was protected by a belt of steel-faced armor and she carried a main battery of eight breech-loading guns. She was among the first major warships in the world to use steel armor, and remained the largest vessel in the Argentine fleet for nearly two decades. "Almirante Brown" had a peaceful career in the fleet during the 1880s and 1890s. By the 1920s, she was reduced to a coastal defense ship, and remained in service until the early 1930s. She was stricken from the naval register in November 1932 and sold for scrapping.
Design.
General characteristics and machinery.
"Almirante Brown" was long between perpendiculars, and had a beam of and a draft of . She displaced up to with a combat load. Her hull was steel-built, with a wood and zinc sheathing. The hull included a double bottom and a ram bow. She was fitted with two pole masts. The ship had a crew of 520 officers and men.
Her propulsion system consisted of two compound steam engines that drove a pair of propellers. Steam for the engines was provided by eight coal-fired, cylindrical water-tube boilers. The boilers were split into four separate, watertight boiler rooms, and both of the steam engines were in individual engine rooms. The engines were rated at and produced a top speed of . "Almirante Brown" had the capacity to store up to of coal for the boilers. In addition to her steam engines, "Almirante Brown" was fitted with a sailing rig for auxiliary cruising. The sail plan had an area of .
Armament and armor.
"Almirante Brown" was equipped with a main battery of eight BLR Armstrong guns, all mounted individually in casemates. Six were in a central battery, and the other two were in the bow and stern. These breech-loading guns were a new development, which rendered "Almirante Brown" a significantly more powerful vessel than even those that had been completed a few years earlier. She also carried six guns, also in single mounts, all on the upper deck. Four were mounted forward, and two were located aft, on either side of the 8-inch stern-chaser. Close-range defense against small craft was provided by a pair of 9-pounder guns and a pair of 7-pounder guns.
The ship was protected with compound armor with a steel face manufactured by the German firm Siemens; the use of steel armor was a new development in naval technology, and permitted significant weight savings. The main armored belt was thick amidships, and reduced to at the bow and stern. Below the main belt was a strake of armor that was thick amidships and on either end of the ship. The central battery was protected by 8 in of armor plate in the lower strake, and 6 in of armor in the upper strake. Atop the central battery, the armored deck was thick, while the deck fore and aft of the battery was thick. The conning tower also had 8 in thick sides.
Service history.
In 1878, Argentina made inquiries in Britain to buy a new, ocean-going capital ship for its navy, which to that point, had consisted of only coastal and riverine forces, centered on the two small s. "Almirante Brown", the first large ironclad of the Argentine Navy, was ordered from the Samuda Brothers shipyard of London. She was launched on 6 October 1880, and cost the Argentine government £270,000. On 14 June 1881, she conducted speed trials on the Maplin Mile, and achieved her designed speed of 14 knots at full power. Upon her delivery to Argentina, she was the largest vessel in the Argentine fleet, and remained so until the four "Garibaldi"-class armored cruisers were acquired in the late 1890s. "Almirante Brown" was present during the ceremonies for the opening of the south basin in the harbor of Buenos Aires on 28 January 1889.
On 13 July 1892, the ship was thought to be lost in a storm that claimed the torpedo boat "Rosales". The protected cruiser "Veinticinco de Mayo" was also believed to have sunk in the storm, though both survived. In the following year, "Almirante Brown", along with most of the heavy units in the Argentine Navy, took part in putting down the naval defections in the revolution of 1893. In 1897, "Almirante Brown" went into dry dock at the La Seyne shipyard in Toulon for modernization. Her main battery guns were replaced with ten 50-caliber quick-firing Canet guns; six replaced the guns in the central battery, and the other four were mounted in pairs in place of the bow and stern guns. In addition, the old 4.7-inch guns were replaced with new quick-firing models. Her crew was reduced to 380 officers and men. By the 1920s, "Almirante Brown" had been reduced to a coastal defense and training ship, having long since been rendered obsolete by the dreadnought battleships "Moreno" and "Rivadavia". On 17 December 1921, crewmen from "Almirante Brown" rowed ashore to defeat a group of about 250 brigands based in Mata Tapera. The ship remained in service until the early 1930s. On 17 November 1932, "Almirante Brown" was stricken from the naval register and subsequently discarded.

</doc>
<doc id="30932666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932666" title="Wilton Lackaye">
Wilton Lackaye

Wilton Lackaye (September 30, 1862 - August 22, 1932) was a stage and film actor.
Early life and family.
William Andrew Lackey, was born in Loudon County, Virginia the son of James Lackey and his wife Margaret Bagnam. He died nearly seventy years later in New York City. He was married thrice: first to actress Annie Lewis, 
Career.
He created the role of Svengali in the play "Trilby" in 1895 which he played on screen in 1915 opposite Clara Kimball Young. He enjoyed a lengthy and distinguished stage career before entering silent films in middle age. He was a unique and distinctive looking actor with large round eyes particularly effective when playing the control-freak Svengali.

</doc>
<doc id="30932671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932671" title="Sergei Vinogradov (journalist)">
Sergei Vinogradov (journalist)

Sergei Aleksandrovich Vinogradov (April 16, 1958 – December 16, 2010) was a Russian journalist, translator and writer. He worked for the UN from 1986 until his death.
Sergei Vinogradov was born in Kurgan, Kurgan Oblast, Russian SFSR in 1958. In 1960, however, he moved to Moscow with his family as his father was promoted to a new position there. He attended school from 1965 to 1975 and was involved in school bands during his senior years (playing the guitar). From 1975 to 1980, Sergey Vinogradov studied international journalism at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations. Upon graduation, he received a job at the International Life (Mezhdunarodnaya Zhizn) magazine. 
Apart from writing articles for the magazine, Vinogradov also wrote short stories which remained unpublished, however (partially due to their critical tone towards the Soviet authorities). In 1985, he was able to get enrolled in the UN translation courses. Upon completion, he passed the final exams and became a UN translator in New York City.
Soon after his arrival to New York City, he was nearly killed in a car accident (as a passenger). However, upon his recovery, he resumed his work as a translator. In 1990, he was transferred to the Department of Political and Security Council Affairs as a Political Affairs Officer and in 1991 began writing for the UN Chronicle (as a member of the Department of Public Information). In 1997, he briefly returned to Moscow to work for the local United Nations Information Center. In December 1997, he came back to New York. In 1999, he became an Information Officer for the UNMIK and lived in Pristina for three years. In 2002, he moved to the UN Office at Geneva, where he once again became a translator (translating from English to Russian). 
During his tenure at the UN, Sergey Vinogradov continued writing short stories and also started writing longer novels. One of the novels, "Sealed-up Hell (Запломбированный Ад)", along with several short stories, was published in 2006. He wrote another novel, "Heavenly Seedlings (Райская Рассада)", but it remained unpublished. He began working on a third novel, provisionally titled "A History of Time Travel", but it remained unfinished. 
Sergey Vinogradov was married twice; his first marriage ended with divorce, while his second marriage ended with his death. He had a son from his first marriage. 
In June 2010, he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and began a course of chemotherapy, which was ultimately unsuccessfully, as the cancer had metastasized to his liver. He died on December 16, 2010 in Carouge, Geneva.

</doc>
<doc id="30932683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932683" title="Newsteadia">
Newsteadia

Newsteadia is a genus of ensign scale insects in the superfamily Coccoidea. Most species are inconspicuous, measureing under two millimeters long and found in leaf litter.
Species.
In 1962, J. M. Hoy stated there were 11 species in the genus. This has since risen to 48 species. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="30932685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932685" title="Air Creation Racer">
Air Creation Racer

The Air Creation Racer is a French single-seat, weight-shift control ultralight trike that was built by Air Creation of Aubenas between 1986 and 2010. It was available in kit form for amateur construction or as a completed aircraft.
Design and development.
The Racer was developed as a lightweight trike that can qualify for the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles category, including its maximum empty weight requirement, when equipped with a light wing and engine.
The carriage is of aluminium construction and incorporates suspension on all three wheels. The nosewheel-mounted drum brake is foot-pedal actuated. The nosewheel is also steerable and features a mudguard. The carriage features baggage stowage pockets and optionally a cockpit fairing and wheel pants. The carriage can be equipped with several different wings. When fitted with the Air Creation Fun 14 40% double surface wing, the aircraft version is called the "Fun Racer". The "Fun" wing is covered in Trilam sailcloth and allows a maximum speed of and a service ceiling of 
The Racer's acceptable power range is and the Rotax 447, Rotax 503 and the Rotax 582 engines are used. By 2011 the Rotax 447 and 503 were out of production and Air Creation offered a version of the Racer without an included engine so that the owner could locate a used 447, 503 or other suitable powerplant. The estimated assembly time from the supplied kit is 40 hours.
Reviewer Andre Cliche said of the Racer, "Quick and agile, the Fun Racer shows all the refinement expected from European trikes...This is a well engineered trike and company support is excellent."

</doc>
<doc id="30932696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932696" title="Gibfield Colliery">
Gibfield Colliery

Gibfield Colliery was a coal mine which was part of the Fletcher, Burrows and Company's collieries in Atherton, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
A shaft was sunk to the Trencherbone mine in 1829 by John Fletcher
In common with many collieries on the Lancashire Coalfield, women, known as "Pit brow lasses" were employed on the surface to sort coal on the screens at the pit head. The first pit-head baths in the country were built at Gibfield in 1913. Gibfield closed in 1963 and the site was cleared.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30932707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932707" title="Newsteadia myersi">
Newsteadia myersi

Newsteadia myersi is the only member of the scale insect family Ortheziidae to have been found in New Zealand. It was found by sifting through the leaf litter and debris under nikau palm trees ("Rhopalostylis sapida").
Description.
The adult female has a rounded oval body with inconspicuous segmentation. It is about 1.1 millimetres long by 0.85 millimetres wide. The rounded eyes are on short stalks located near the base of the antennae which are slender, about 0.7 millimetres long and normally have four segments. The legs are long and slender with a small number of setae. The upper side of the body has ten bands of short spines which are wide at the base and quickly taper to the tip. The underside is also banded with spines and the anterior section of the ovisac band is thickly covered with rather larger spines. The underside has a spiracle on each segment. The anal ring is surrounded by a double row of pores and has a bunch of six backward pointing setae.
Biology.
Very little is known of the life history of this species but it is likely to have four instars as in other members of the genus. It may feed on the hyphae of fungi growing in the leaf litter where it lives, or possibly on the living roots of plants.

</doc>
<doc id="30932725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932725" title="Lewis Greenleaf Adams">
Lewis Greenleaf Adams

Lewis Greenleaf Adams, AIA, (1897–1977), was an American architect based in New York City who practiced in mid- to late-twentieth-century New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut, as part of the firms Mamfeldt, Adams & Prentice, Adams & Prentice (fl. 1929-1941), Mamfeldt, Adams & Woodbridge, Adams & Woodbridge (fl. 1945-1974), and under his own name at the end of his life (fl. 1974-1977), always based in New York City.
Personal life.
Born in November 23, 1897 in Lenox, Massachusetts to Mr. and Mrs. William Adams of New York. He had an older brother named William Jr.
In a double-marriage ceremony on July 24, 1921, he married Emiline Kellogg, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kellogg of Utica, New York, and younger sister of Lois Kellogg who was married that same day to Philip C. Jessup, son of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Wynans Jessup, of 20 Fifth Avenue. The double-wedding took place on the grounds of the brides' parents residence. Adams' best man was his brother William Adams Jr. After which they moved to France for a few years. While there he focused his studies of European architecture. He and his wife had two children. A son, Richard Greenleaf Adams, born in 1923 and 4 years later they welcomed a daughter named Lois Kellogg Adams. They then moved back to New York sometime in the 1930s.
He was a member of the U.S. Naval Reserve as a Lieutenant, Lt. Commander, and Commander, serving as a security officer of the Brooklyn Naval Yard from 1942-1945.
In 1970, he lived on East 86th Street. He was a veteran of both World Wars, serving as a commander in the United States Naval Reserve from 1917 to 1920 and 1941 to 1945.
Education.
Adams attended the Groton School, graduation in 1916. earned his bachelors of architecture from the Yale University in 1920. There, he was a member of the secret society, Skull and Bones.
He studied at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris in 1926. He won the F.B. Morse Prize in 1935 and the Sherrill Prize in 1936.
He was likely related to architect John C. Greenleaf, as that architect had offices in 15 West 38th Street, Manhattan, from as early as 1919 to as late as 1924, while the firm of Adams and Prentice, of which Lewis Greenleaf Adams was partner was established at that address in 1929.
Architectural career.
Adams joined the American Institute of Architects New York Chapter in 1931.
He was licensed in New York (1929), Connecticut (1933), New Jersey (1931), and nationally as NCARB (1940) 
Within the AIA, he was the chairman of the Unification Committee in 1941, the B.A.I.D. Trustee, Director, and a trustee, president of the Diplome Society. He was a member of the Architectural League.
Adams commenced his practice in 1929, that year forming the firm of Adams & Prentice from 1929 to 1941, which shortly became the firm of Mamfeldt, Adams & Prentice and briefly Mamfeldt, Adams & Woodbridge in the early 1930s. Adams continued those firms merging with Frederick James Woodbridge the sole partner of Evans, Moore & Woodbridge in 1945 to form the firm of Adams & Woodbridge. Adams & Woodbridge estimated in 1953 to be “about 100 residences and alterations.” 

</doc>
<doc id="30932732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932732" title="Murray Garsson">
Murray Garsson

Murray Wolfe Garsson (born May 14, 1890, London, England; died March 26, 1957, New York City, age 66) was a munitions manufacturer, who with his brother, Henry Garsson, defrauded the US Government and was responsible for the downfall of Congressman Andrew J. May.
Birth and early career.
Murray Garsson was born in London, England and came to the US as a two-year old child. He was a businessman active in various motion picture and real estate ventures before World War II. In 1932 he was Special US Assistant Secretary of Labor, and from 1934 to 1937 he was director of the Select Committee of the US House of Representatives to investigate bondholder reorganizations.
Munitions manufacture.
Garsson and his younger brother Henry (11 April 1896, – November 1983) started a munitions contracting business in 1941 with a letter to the war department on borrowed stationery on behalf of a non-existent company, Erie Basin Metal Products Inc. A small order for shell fuses led to development of a combine with $78 million in government contracts. Garsson found two men, Allen Gellman and Joseph Weiss of Chicago, who had a company, Illinois Watch Case, that made watch cases and compacts but had no war contracts. The Garssons, Gellman, and Weiss became associates.
Congressman May.
A Kentucky Congressman, Andrew J. May, chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee during World War II, facilitated the Garssons' enterprise. May often telephoned army ordnance and other government officials on the Garssons' behalf to award war contracts, obtain draft deferments, and secure other favors for the Garssons and their friends. So numerous were these interventions that one ordnance official referred to them as "blitz calls." After the war, a Senate investigating committee reviewing the Garssons' munitions business discovered evidence that May had received substantial cash payments and other inducements from the Garssons.
Imprisonment.
In 1949, May and the Garsson brothers were sentenced to two years, eight months in prison. May was released in 1950 and the Garssons in 1951.
Last Years and Death.
After his release from prison, Murray Garsson was impoverished and subsisted on the charity of friends. For the last three weeks of his life, Garsson, destitute, lived in the reception room of Dr. Emanuel Josephson, 230 East 61st Street. Dr. Josephson prescribed barbiturates for Garsson. On March 7, 1957, Garsson was found unconscious at the foot of a staircase in the 61st Street building. He was taken to Bellevue Hospital, where he died a few days later. Milton Helpern, the chief medical examiner, performed an autopsy and determined the cause of death was brain hemorrhage, the result of a fall down a flight of stairs.

</doc>
<doc id="30932753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932753" title="Nicolai Schejtli">
Nicolai Schejtli

Nicolai Schejtli (1753 – 1824) was a Norwegian politician. He represented Drammen at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was also a member of the Parliament of Norway in 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="30932764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932764" title="Charles Nepean">
Charles Nepean

The Rev. Charles Edward Burroughs Nepean (5 February 1851 – 26 March 1903) was an English amateur cricketer and footballer who later became a vicar in the Church of England. As a cricketer he played ten first class matches for Oxford University and Middlesex between 1870 and 1874, whilst in football he was in goal for Oxford University, the winning side in the 1874 FA Cup Final.
Early life and education.
Nepean was born in Mayfair, London, the youngest of 13 children of Rev. Canon Evan Nepean (1800–1873) and Anne Fust. His father was the son of Sir Evan Nepean, 1st Baronet and was the Canon of Westminster and a Chaplain in Ordinary to Queen Victoria. His mother was the daughter of Sir Herbert Jenner-Fust, the eminent judge.
In the 1851 census, the family were living at 21 Bolton Street, St George Hanover Square, Westminster; Charles was listed as ""Charles Son 2 mth., born St Georges Hanover"". At the time of the 1861 census, he was listed as a pupil at Charterhouse, London, although the family were still living at Bolton Street. Ten years later, he was at home (now in the cloisters of St. Peter, Westminster) at the time of the census, where he is listed as ""Charley B Son 20"".
Nepean was educated at Charterhouse School between 1861 and 1869 before going up to University College, Oxford. At Charterhouse, he was a regular member of the school cricket XI.
Family.
Nepean was one of thirteen children (six girls, seven boys). His elder brother, Augustus Adolphus Nepean (1849–1933) (known as "Dolly") was also a cricketer with Middlesex as was his nephew, Evan Alcock Nepean (1865–1906).
Nepean's brother, Evan Colville Nepean (1836–1908) (father of Evan Alcock Nepean) had several children, including a daughter, Emily Margaret (1867–1950). She married Felton George Randolph; their daughter, Margaret Isabel (1901–2001) married James Cassilis MacLean and in turn had a daughter, Fyvnola Susan (b. 1933). Fynvola married James Murray Grant in 1957; their children included Hugh Grant (b. 1960), the actor.
Charles Nepean never married.
Sporting career.
Cricket.
On his arrival at Oxford, Nepean had a good reputation as a batsman. He made his debut for the University against M.C.C. on 26 May 1870, scoring 11 and 8 in a match won by the M.C.C. by 6 wickets. His next first class match came at the end of June against Surrey, when he played as the wicket-keeper, claiming three wickets, including those of Surrey's top-scorers, Leonard Howell and Richard Humphrey; the University won the match by 3 wickets.
According to his obituary in Wisden, "his future at Oxford seemed assured, but from some cause he did not get a place in the eleven till his last year"; he was described as "an admirable batsman, with a very neat and business-like style". His next first-class appearance came in May 1873 against M.C.C. In the summer of 1873, he played regularly including the two wicket victory over Middlesex in June and the match against Cambridge University at Lords, scoring 22 and 50 (his top first-class score), helping Cuthbert Ottaway to gain a victory by three wickets and for Nepean to obtain his blue.
On the strength of his performances for Oxford he was selected for the Gentlemen in the first Gentlemen v Players match to be played at the Prince's Cricket Ground, in Chelsea. The Gentleman won the match by an innings and 54 runs, with A. N. Hornby and W.G. Grace scoring 104 and 70 respectively, and Grace and his brother Fred claiming 11 wickets between them.
This match came between Nepean's two appearances for Middlesex against M.C.C. in June 1873 (when Nepean was again wicket-keeper) and against his former university in June 1874. Both matches ended in defeats for the county side.
Following his ordination, he no longer played first-class cricket, although he was a member of the Kent committee, thus keeping him in touch with the game.
Football.
At Oxford, Nepean also played football, winning a blue. In November 1870, he was selected by Arthur Kinnaird to represent "Scotland" in the second pseudo-international match against the English side, organised by Charles Alcock. The Scottish XI was made up from players from London and the Home Counties with "Scottish connections". (In his biography of Arthur Kinnaird, Andy Mitchell says that Nepean's "closest link to Scotland was a cousin who married a Scot.")
According to the report on the match played at the Kennington Oval on 19 November 1870, "proceedings were commenced with a kick-off by C.E.B. Nepean on behalf of the Scottish team". The English won the match with a single goal from R.S.F. Walker; for the "Scotch", "C.E.B. Nepean . . . was a perfect rock in the way of defence".
Nepean retained his place in the Scottish team for the next three games, playing in various positions. In the match on 25 February 1871, Nepean scored the Scottish goal in a 1–1 draw; the match report says "about a quarter of an hour after the kick-off a loud shout proclaimed the fall of the English goal – an achievement entirely due to the play of C.E. Nepean". With England equalising through R.S.F. Walker, the match ended "leaving the question of supremacy undecided". The report comments: "to C. E. Nepean, Q. Hogg and W. H. Gladstone was mainly due the successful defence of Scottish lines against a series of well-organised attacks".
In the last of the pseudo-internationals, played on 24 February 1872, Nepean played in goal for part of the game, alternating with M. J. Muir Mackenzie; this match ended in a 1–0 victory for the English, with a goal from J.C. Clegg.
In 1872, Oxford University entered a team in the FA Cup for the first time, reaching the final against the Wanderers. Nepean had become the university's first-choice goal-keeper but was unavailable for the final, which was won 2–0 by the Wanderers.
The university reached the final again in 1874; this time Nepean was available to play in goal. In the match against the Royal Engineers, Nepean repeatedly thwarted the Engineers' attempts on goal. Oxford won the match 2–0 and secured the cup.
He was also a member of the Wanderers club.
Later career.
On leaving Oxford in 1874, Nepean entered the Church of England and in 1876 he was appointed as vicar of Lenham in Kent.
In 1894, he was appointed as vice-chairman at the inaugural meeting of Lenham Parish Council.
He died on 26 March 1903 at Lenham, aged 52 years and 49 days.

</doc>
<doc id="30932768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932768" title="Eskilstuna Södra FF">
Eskilstuna Södra FF

Eskilstuna Södra FF is a Swedish football club located in Eskilstuna in Södermanland. The club is currently playing in Division 2, the fourth tier of Swedish football.
Background.
Since their foundation, Eskilstuna Södra FF has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 2 which is the fourth tier of Swedish football. Their best season was in 2011 when the club finished first in Division 3 Södra Svealand and promoted to Division 1 with 41 points, only two plus goals better than local rivals IFK Eskilstuna. They play their home matches at the Skogsängens IP in Eskilstuna.
Since 2006 the club have had a cooperation agreement with the top-level Eskilstuna football club, Eskilstuna City FK, which has enabled young City players to be loaned in the middle of season to Eskilstuna Södra FF.
Eskilstuna Södra FF are affiliated to Södermanlands Fotbollförbund. The club's B-team is Eskilstuna Södra TFF.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Eskilstuna Södra FF have competed in the following divisions:
2012 - Division II, Södra Svealand
2011 - Division III, Södra Svealand
2010 - Division IV, Södermanland
2009 - Division IV, Södermanland
2008 - Division IV, Södermanland
2007 - Division IV, Södermanland
2006 - Division IV, Södermanland
2005 - Division III, Västra Svealand
2004 - Division III, Östra Svealand
2003 - Division III, Västra Svealand
2002 - Division II, Västra Svealand
2001 - Division II, Västra Svealand
2000 - Division II, Västra Svealand
1999 - Division III, Västra Svealand
1998 - Division IV, Södermanland
Attendances.
In recent seasons, Eskilstuna Södra FF have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="30932770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932770" title="You're Moving Out Today">
You're Moving Out Today

"You're Moving Out Today" is a song written by Carole Bayer Sager, Bette Midler and Bruce Roberts. It was a hit single for Sager in 1977. Although Sager is a prolific songwriter who is credited on many hit singles, this was the only one that she performed herself. Bette Midler also recorded her version of the song which reached US #42 the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="30932790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932790" title="Bihar National College">
Bihar National College

Bihar National College is an independented college affiliated under Patna University. It offers courses in Science, Humanities, and Arts at graduate level.
History.
Bihar National College came into being with its status raise to second grade college in year 1889 by the then Government. It was founded as a high school by Babu Bisheshwar Singh in 1883. Later on it was raised to the status of B.A. degree level in 1907 imparting degrees both in arts and science.
Campus.
The college is situated in central Patna close to Gandhi Maidan with the river Ganges flowing south of it.

</doc>
<doc id="30932800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932800" title="Mr. Ouija">
Mr. Ouija

Mr. Ouija is a mixtape by rapper Bizzy Bone released by Sicness.net. All the tracks were recorded in 2006-07.
This album is the ruthless album remixed with these new beats.

</doc>
<doc id="30932818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932818" title="Maja Nikolić discography">
Maja Nikolić discography

Maja Nikolić discography includes sales of more than 5 million copies worldwide, which is one of the biggest records for Serbia and Ex-Yugoslavia.. Her debut album has sold more than 2 million copies, becoming best-selling album of all time in Ex-Yugoslavia. While her second album sold around 700k around the Europe. Her third album broke the record for most played album of the 2000s, and her fourth album became also very successful winning various awards all around the Europe. Her fifth album "Crveno" became Balkanic chart topper by peaking No.1 in all countries all around the Balkan. She is also ranked as the 3rd most successful musician in Ex-Yugoslavia of all time, and holds the title as "Queen of Serbian Pop and Dance music".
Singles.
"Uzmi me" (1998)
"Iz inata" (2000)
"Crveno" (2010/2011)

</doc>
<doc id="30932845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932845" title="Electric torque (disambiguation)">
Electric torque (disambiguation)

Electric torque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30932877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932877" title="X-Pistols">
X-Pistols

"X Pistols" is a Punk Rock band from Southern California and Oregon, formed in 2010. Brad "Daddy X" Xavier (former Doggy Style frontman, Humble Gods and Kottonmouth Kings frontman), David "The Dirtball" Alexander (Kottonmoth Kings frontman), D.I. members TNT, Joey Glock, and Colt Clayton make up the band. In 2011, X-Pistols released their debut album Shoot to Kill, on Suburban Noize Records.
Biography.
In 2010, Daddy X and The Dirtball, along with D.I. members, TNT, Joey Glock, and Colt Clayton, formed the So Cal/Oregon Punk Rock X-Pistols. The band started when Daddy X was feeling an urge to revert to his old Punk Rock days, and wanted to do another punk band."There is always a punk element to what the Kottonmouth Kings do, but I’ve had a burning desire to press down on the throttle and open up the engine to my punk-rock roots." "Once I heard the Dirtball spit his venomous patterns on some punk, it was a wrap! I told him we need to do a whole record. The goal was to have fun, unleash some energy and take punk rock somewhere it had never been taken! I think we awoke a sleeping beast with this record."- Daddy X. The X-Pistols are signed to Suburban Noize Records, and January 18, 2011 they released their debut album Shoot to Kill. December 9, 2010 an advertisement video for their title track, "Shoot to Kill" was released world wide on YouTube. On the Kottonmouth Kings' 2010 album release, Long Live The Kings bonus disc, X-Pistols song "P In the Punk was released as a sneak peek.

</doc>
<doc id="30932893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932893" title="Sybille Pearson">
Sybille Pearson

Sybille Pearson (born January 25, 1937, in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a playwright, musical theatre lyricist and librettist.
Biography.
Pearson was a graduate student in the creative writing program at the City College of New York in 1980, when her play, the two-person comedy-drama "Sally and Marsha" was chosen to be produced at the Playwrights Conference, Eugene O'Neill Theater Center, Waterford, Connecticut. The play was subsequently produced Off-Broadway by the Manhattan Theatre Club in 1982, and starred Bernadette Peters and Christine Baranski. The reviewer for "The Associated Press" wrote that "It has some well-written passages, some warm, moving moments and a goodly share of funny lines...Miss Pearson has talent, no question. But I hope someday she flees the pack of local scriveners who think West Side woe, shrinks and trips to Bloomingdale's are worth writing about."
She wrote the book for the musical "Baby", which ran on Broadway in 1984, and for which she was nominated for a Tony Award.
Her play "Phantasie" was performed at the Vineyard Theatre in January 1989. It was called "perceptive" by Mel Gussow in his "New York Times" review. Her play "Unfinished Stories" was produced at the Mark Taper Forum (Los Angeles, California) in 1992 and by the New York Theatre Workshop in 1994. "Unfinished Stories" received a citation from the American Theatre Critics Association New Play Award for 1993. Pearson's play with music "True History and Real Adventures" was produced Off-Broadway by the Vineyard Theatre in 1999, directed by Michael Mayer and starring Kathleen Chalfant.
Pearson's plays also include "Watching the Dog", "Be Bold" and "Promise Me".
In April 2009, the Signature Theatre (Arlington, Virginia) premiered "Giant", a musical adaptation of Edna Ferber's 1952 novel of the same name, with a book by Pearson and music and lyrics by Michael John LaChiusa.
Grants and honors.
In 1981 Pearson was one of eight playwrights to receive a grant through the Rockefeller Foundation fellowship program; the grant was $9,000 for a six-week residency at a theater of their choice.
In 2004, she was chosen for The Sundance Playwrights Retreat in The Sundance Institute Theatre Program. She was a Creative Advisor for the 2009 Sundance Institute Theatre Lab at White Oak.
Teaching.
Pearson is a full-time professor at the Graduate Musical Theatre Writing Program at the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="30932907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932907" title="Murmansk Okrug">
Murmansk Okrug

Murmansk Okrug (, "Murmansky okrug") was an administrative division (an okrug) of the Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, which existed in 1927–1938.
Creation.
The okrug was established on August 1, 1927, when the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) issued two Resolutions: "On the Establishment of Leningrad Oblast" and "On the Borders and Composition of the Okrugs of Leningrad Oblast". According to these resolutions, Murmansk Governorate was transformed into Murmansk Okrug and included into Leningrad Oblast together with eight other okrugs. The okrug was not contiguous with the rest of Leningrad Oblast and was separated from it by the territory of the Karelian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.
Upon the transformation, the administrative structure of the okrug has also been changed. Instead of the nine volosts into which Murmansk Governorate was divided, the territory of the okrug was divided into six districts.
Administrative-territorial changes.
1926–1929.
Just as numerous proposals to change the administrative-territorial structure of Murmansk Governorate, the okrug's predecessor, had been submitted, the work on changing the administrative-territorial structure of the new okrug soon commenced. This time, however, the ethnic composition of the territory became a priority.
On October 25, 1926, the VTsIK and the Council of People's Commissars adopted a Temporary Provision "On the Governing of the Native Peoples and Tribes of the Extreme North of the RSFSR", which dealt with the peoples and the tribes of the Extreme North who did not have any forms of ethnic government in place. On May 30, 1927, the provision was extended to cover the Lapps (Sami) and the Samoyeds of Murmansk Governorate, allowing them to create special ethnic-based organs of the local self-government. Until 1928, the Sami and Samoyeds used the same forms of government as elsewhere on the Kola Peninsula—the selsoviets and the district executive committees. However, in preparation for the winter 1928–1929 soviet elections, the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee and the Committee of the North initiated planning to establish ethnic Sami soviets in the ethnic "pogosts". On October 11, 1928, the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee decreed to establish thirteen ethnic Sami soviets:
On October 25, 1928, the list was reviewed by the Selsoviet Review Commission of the Organizational Department of Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee. Out of proposed thirteen, they approved the creation of eight:
In addition to these eight, Peyvo-Yarvinsky Selsoviet of Kolsko-Loparsky District was granted the status of the national Finnish selsoviet. The creation of the other proposed ethnic Sami selsoviets was found to be impractical.
The creation of the new selsoviets was finally approved by the Resolution of the Presidium of the VTsIK of December 10, 1928, and seven ethnic Sami selsoviets were established in Murmansk Okrug in the beginning of 1929. The only exception was Babinsky Selsoviet, the creation of which did not succeed. Unlike elsewhere in the Russian SFSR, the new selsoviets were not clannish in nature, as the Sami people did not have clans, but rather territorially defined, which meant that their structure was identical to the structure of regular selsoviets, with the only exception of having the rights granted to them by the VTsIK's Temporary Provision.
On August 13, 1929, in the context of creation of the national okrugs and districts across the Extreme North territories, Murmansk Committee of the North submitted a project to the Presidium of the Okrug Executive Committee, which suggested the creation of an ethnic district on the territory of Ponoysky District and part of the territory of Lovozersky District, the population of which was predominantly Sami. On September 16, 1929, the project was discussed at the session of the Murmansk Okrug Planning Commission, which found the creation of such a district feasible and suggested in turn two possible scenarios of establishing an ethnic district. The first scenario suggested the creation of the district on the territories of Ponoysky and Lovozersky Districts, with Ponoysky Selsoviet being left out. The second one suggested the creation of the district on parts of the territories of Ponoysky and Lovozersky Districts, namely in Iokangsky, Kamensky, Lumbovsky, Semiostrovsky, and Sosnovsky pogosts. At the same time, the creation of another ethnic Sami district to the west was suggested.
On October 25–26, 1929, the joint session of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee and the Murmansk City Council reviewed the Committee of the North report and found it feasible to establish two ethnic Sami districts:
On December 25, 1929, this project was amended and approved by the Administrative-Legislative Commission of the Committee of the North. Vostochno-Laplandsky District was approved as proposed, with the exception of the village of Ponoy, which would be incorporated into a separate selsoviet with its own budget as its population was predominantly Russian. Zapadno-Laplandsky District was to include the following selsoviets and settlements: Kildinsky, Notozersky (with the Finnish village of Nivankyulya), Babinsky (with the Finnish village of Iona but without the Russian settlement of Zasheyek); the territories of the Sami people: Girvasky, Pulozersky, and Yekotrovsky. Sami in Motovsky Selsoviet would remain in Alexandrovsky District.
1930.
On January 10, 1930 the Presidium of the VTsIK issued a circular letter on the procedures for establishing special ethnic administrative-territorial units (okrugs, districts, and selsoviets) for the ethnic minorities. Based on this letter, on January 25, 1930 the Presidium of the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee ordered the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee to start working on granting the ethnic status to the selsoviets in which at least two-thirds of the population were ethnic minorities. By April 1, 1930, seven ethnic Finnish selsoviets and one ethnic Norwegian selsoviet were established in Murmansk Okrug, in addition to seven already existing Sami selsoviets. Discussions of the possibilities of establishing more ethnic selsoviets was ongoing in the executive committees of various levels.
On May 4, 1930, the Okrug Administrative Commission approved the list of the ethnic selsoviets:
This list was approved on May 7, 1930 by the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee.
With the task of creating ethnic selsoviets completed, on May 26, 1930 the okrug administrative commission returned to the discussion of the previously proposed ethnic districts. The possibility of creation of Vostochno-Laplandsky District was reviewed—the new district was to include the territory of Lovozersky District, a territory in the east of Teribersky District, and the territories of Iokangsky and Lumbovsky Sami Selsoviets of Ponoysky District. Ponoysky and Sosnovsky Selsoviets of Ponoysky District would be merged into Tersky District. This proposal was approved and sent on for further consideration to the administrative commission of the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee. The proposal for creation of Zapadno-Laplandsky District, on the other hand, was declined and returned to the Committee of the North as needing a revision. The discussion of the possibility of creating an ethnic Finnish district was postponed.
The administrative commission of the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee reviewed the proposal on July 31, 1930. Its decision, which was later confirmed by the Presidium of the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee on January 7, 1931, was unexpected—instead of creating the proposed districts, the commission granted ethnic status to existing Lovozersky District, with Voronezhsky and Semiostrovsky Selsoviets designated as "ethnic", and Ivanovsky and Lovozersky Selsoviets—as "ethnic Zyryan". Alexandrovsky District within its existing borders was granted the status of an ethnic Finnish district; same status was confirmed for six of the district's selsoviets (Belokamensky, Gryazno-Gubsky, Ozerkovsky, Tyuva-Gubsky, Ura-Gubsky, and Zapadno-Litsky). Tsyp-Navoloksky Selsoviet was granted the status of an ethnic Norwegian selsoviet, Motovsky Selsoviet—the generic "ethnic" status, and Alexandrovsky and Titovsky Selsoviet retained their "regular" status. In Kolsko-Loparsky District, Peyvo-Yarvinsky Selsoviet was granted ethnic Finnish status. Kildinsky and Notozersky Selsoviets of Kolsko-Loparsky District, as well as Iokangsky and Lumbovsky Selsoviets of Ponoysky District, were classified as "ethnic" as well. The names of all selsoviets and their administrative centers remained unchanged.
This decision left the government of Murmansk Oblast unhappy. The meeting of the Murmansk Okrug Planning Commission on October 31, 1930 noted that granting Lovozersky District an ethnic status is mostly meaningless as the population of the district in its existing borders is composed mostly of the Zyryans, not of the Sami. The Planning Commission petitioned the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee to review its decision and to establish Vostochno-Laplandsky District as previously suggested—something the Leningrad Oblast Executive Commission ultimately never did.
1931–1936.
The work on the organization of the ethnic Sami districts resumed in fall 1931. Even though Lovozersky District had already been designated as ethnic Sami, the 8th Plenary Session of the Committee of the North started another initiative to create an ethnic Sami district on the territory of Murmansk Okrug. First such proposal was presented on October 8, 1931 in Leningrad by the government of the Sami association. The proposal suggested the creation of two ethnic districts: Zapadno-Saamsky and Vostochno-Saamsky. Zapadno-Saamsky District would include the western part of Polyarny District (excluding the Rybachy Peninsula), most of Kolsko-Loparsky District (with the exception of Khibiny and the territory in the immediate vicinity of the Kola Bay), the northwestern part of Lovozersky District, and the southwestern part of Teribersky District, which would cover two-thirds of the Sami population of the okrug. The administrative center of the district would be in Kola, but would later be moved to Murmashi. Vostochno-Saamsky District would include most of Ponoysky District, the southeastern part of Teribersky District, and the eastern part of Lovozersky District, which would cover a quarter of the Sami population of the okrug. The administrative center of this district would be in Iokanga.
The proposal was considered by the commission on the matters of administrative division of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee on May 1932. The commission agreed that Vostochno-Saamsky District would need to be created, but it should be created as a merger of Ponoysky and Lovozersky Districts, which would cover 39% of the Sami population. The commission also suggested that the administrative center of this new district should be in Lovozero. The creation of Zapadno-Saamsky District was not recommended due to the fact that only 8.8% of the Sami people lived in the western parts of the okrug. Additionally, the commission took into consideration the rapid growth of mining industry in the Khibiny Massif and the planned expansion to the areas surrounding Lake Imandra, and recommended to create a district with mining specialization on the part of the territory of Kolsko-Loparsky District (Kukisvumchorrsky Settlement Council, Ekostrovsky Selsoviet, and the settlements of Apatity and Zasheyek), with the administrative center in Khibinogorsk.
The Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee held several additional meetings in summer 1932. As a result, the redistricting proposal was amended further. During the June 25, 1932 meeting, the creation of Zapadno-Saamsky District was discussed again and found to be feasible. Tersky, Teribersky, and Polarny Districts would remain unchanged. During the meetings held on July 7 and 25, 1932, the new districts' composition details were further refined. Finally, the meeting of October 3, 1932 issued the final recommendations. The proposed redistricting scheme was taking into consideration not only the ethnic aspect, but the economic realities as well. The commission found it necessary to create seven districts within the okrug:
On March 14, 1934, during the meeting of the organizational department of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee, the above proposal was reviewed, and the recommendation was made to establish eight instead of seven districts:
The inclusion of the Karelian territory into Kandalakshsky District was intended to resolve the border issue with Karelia, which remained unresolved since 1923. The forest district supplying the timber industry in Murmansk Okrug spanned the territories of both the Karelian ASSR and the okrug, which created economic inconveniences. Furthermore, a chemical plant in Kandalaksha, being under construction at the time, was ultimately to use the apatite mined in the Khibiny Massif, which again was inconvenient from the economic point of view.
Despite all the work on granting ethnic status to various divisions, the concept did not take hold and starting from the mid-1930s all references to ethnic status of the districts and selsoviets disappeared from the official documents.
On April 28, 1934, the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee meeting considered the redistricting proposal and discussed the inclusion of various inhabited localities into the new districts. The redistricting commission of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee, which met on June 5, 1934, no longer considered the inclusion of Kandalakshsky District into Murmansk Okrug, and additionally proposed to divide the existing Tersky District into new Kuzomensky and Umbsky District, using the border line previously proposed for Kandalakshsky and Kuzomensky Districts.
By the end of 1934, the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee developed another redistricting proposal, which was approved by the Resolution of the 4th Plenary Session of the Murmansk Okrug Committee of the VKP(b) on December 28–29, 1934 and by the Resolution of the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee on February 2, 1935. According to this proposal, the borders of Lovozersky, Polarny, and Teribersky Districts were to be changed. Ponoysky District was to be abolished and new Saamsky District (with ethnic Sami status) to be established in its place. Kolsko-Loparsky District was also to be abolished, with Kirovsky and Kolsky Districts to be established in its place. Tersky District would remain unchanged. The final proposal looked as follows:
Additionally, the proposal called for the enlargement of Murmansk, into which small nearby settlements were to be merged and for the establishment of a settlement council in Kola (which would be subordinated directly to Murmansk). The proposal was approved and sent up for further approval to the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee. On February 15, 1935, the VTsIK approved the redistricting of the okrug into seven districts: Kirovsky, Kolsko-Loparsky, Lovozersky, Polyarny, Ponoysky, Teribersky, and Tersky. On February 26, 1935, the Presidium of the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee worked out the details of the new district scheme and issued a resolution, which established the seven districts and additionally requested Ponoysky District to be renamed Saamsky and Kolsko-Loparsky District to be renamed Kolsky. Both renamings were approved by the Resolution of the Presidium of the VTsIK on June 1, 1936.
1937–1938.
By 1937, the copper-nickel mining volume in the Monchegorsk area increased significantly, and, consequently, the area population grew as well. On February 19, 1937 the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee petitioned to create new Monchegorsky District by separating the town and its surrounding area from Kirovsky District and to grant Monchegorsk town status. While town status was granted to Monchegorsk by the VTsIK Resolution of September 20, 1937, no new district was formed.
On December 21, 1937, the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee again petitioned to create a new district with the administrative center in Monchegorsk. In a letter to the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee and the VTsIK, the Presidium noted that Kirovsky District has two developed but unrelated industrial centers—Kirovsk and Monchegorsk—with the latter having a larger population and being located away from the former.
On February 10, 1938, the VTsIK adopted a Resolution changing the administrative-territorial structure of Murmansk Okrug; however, new Monchegorsky District was not created and Monchegorsk remained a part of Kirovsky District.
Karelian border issue.
The issue with the southern border with the Karelian ASSR had not been resolved by the time the okrug was established in 1927. This unresolved problem was one of the reasons for the proposals to include the whole Kandalakshskaya Volost (which later became Kandalakshsky District) into the territory of the okrug. The okrug authorities argued that at the very least the pre-1923 borders need to be recognized, while the Karelian side was insisting that the border shown on the official NKVD map was to be retained. On February 10, 1931, the Presidium of the VTsIK reviewed the matter and ruled to leave Murmansk Okrug "within existing borders". However, during the April 12, 1931 meeting of the representatives of Murmansk Okrug and the Karelian ASSR it turned out that each side has a different understanding of what the "existing borders" are supposed to be. The Murmansk Okrug representative declared that the VTsIK resolution refers to the southern border of former Alexandrovsky Uyezd, which was transformed into Murmansk Governorate in June 1931, while the Karelian representative was convinced that the resolution gives official status to the border shown on the official NKVD map of the Karelian ASSR.
The Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee issued two resolutions—one on April 13, 1931 and another on July 23, 1932—explaining its position and petitioned several times to review the borders once again, but the administrative commission of the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee in its letter of October 11, 1932 declared that there will be no further review of the border situation.
The problem re-surfaced in 1935, when by the VTsIK Resolution of August 20, work settlement status was granted to the settlement of Zasheyek in Kirovsky District. After the resolution had been published, it was pointed out that Zasheyek is simultaneously listed in Kirovsky District of Murmansk Okrug and in the Karelian ASSR. The joint meeting of the representatives of Murmansk Okrug and Karelia, which took place on April 15, 1936, was unable to resolve the situation.
On June 8, 1936, the Presidium of the Karelian ASSR Central Executive Committee approved the transfer of the station of Zasheyek of the Kirov Railway and of the settlement of Verkhny Nivastroy (also known as Zasheyek) from Kandalakshsky District of the Karelian ASSR to Murmansk Okrug; the border would still remain unchanged. The Resolution of the Presidium of the Karelian ASSR Central Executive Committee of August 8, 1936 also added to this list the settlement of Zasheykovskogo lesopilnogo zavoda and the settlement of Zasheyek proper. The Presidium of the VTsIK approved the petition for transfer of the work settlement of Zasheyek on April 1, 1937; however, the VTsIK did not list all of the inhabited localities being transferred by name, which lead to the continuation of the dispute between Murmansk Okrug and the Karelian ASSR. When a transfer act for the work settlement of Zasheyek was being compiled on May 5, 1937, the Murmansk Okrug representatives demanded that the settlements of Lesozavoda, lesouchastka Vostochnaya Guba, and Verkhny Nivastroy, as well as the station of Zasheyek of the Kirov Railway, were also transferred to Murmansk Okrug. The Karelian representatives insisted that these settlements are to remain in the Karelian ASSR. The conciliatory commission meeting on July 8, 1937 failed to resolve this dispute. On July 15, 1937, the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee called the problem "artificial" and declared that the transfer should not have even been discussed, since the inhabited locality in question was never officially transferred out of the okrug and was being served solely by the Murmansk Okrug organizations anyway. Furthermore, the Presidium refused to approve the conciliatory commission's findings and petitioned to rescind the VTsIK's resolution of April 1, 1937 and to officially document the border between Murmansk Okrug and the Karelian ASSR.
The issue had never been officially resolved until 1938, when the transformation of Murmansk Okrug into Murmansk Oblast with the subsequent transfer of Kandalakshsky District to the oblast rendered the problem moot.
Urbanization.
First work settlements appeared in Murmansk Okrug in 1930. One of the first two settlements was Kukisvumchorr, which was established as an apatite-mining settlement near the mountain of the same name in the Khibiny Massif in the south of Kolsko-Loparsky District, and was granted the work settlement status by the VTsIK Resolution of July 20, 1930. Another one was a nameless settlement, ultimately called Lesnoy, serving a timber-cutting plant in Tersky District.
The number of work settlements increased in summer 1935. Kola, which was demoted to a rural locality in 1926, was elevated in status to an urban locality and granted work settlement status by the VTsIK Resolution of August 20, 1935. By the same resolution, work settlement status was also granted to Port-Vladimir in Polyarny District, and to Apatity and Zasheyek in Kirovsky District.
Abolition.
The okrug existed until May 28, 1938, when it was separated from Leningrad Oblast, merged with Kandalakshsky District of the Karelian ASSR, and transformed into Murmansk Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="30932915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932915" title="2011 Qatar Ladies Open – Singles Qualifying">
2011 Qatar Ladies Open – Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Qatar Ladies Open.

</doc>
<doc id="30932918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932918" title="Midway, Derbyshire">
Midway, Derbyshire

Midway is a suburb of Swadlincote, South Derbyshire and is north of the centre of the town. Nearby villages include Newhall, Church Gresley and Hartshorne, which is further east.
Transport.
The A511 runs through the north of Midway and links Burton upon Trent and Ashby-de-la-Zouch. Also, the B586 runs north in the east of Midway and if going south will end in Measham, via Albert Village, Donisthorpe and Oakthorpe.
Public houses.
There are various pubs in and around Midway; these include the Midway Inn, the Masons Arms and the Wheel Inn, all of which are on the A511.

</doc>
<doc id="30932933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932933" title="James F. Flock">
James F. Flock

James F. Flock is a retired Major General in the United States Marine Corps.
Career.
Flock entered the Marine Corps from Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1975. Following commissioning, he attended The Basic School at MCB Quantico, Virginia and flight training in Florida and Texas. Designated as a Naval Aviator, he initially flew the F-4 Phantom II, later transitioning to the F/A-18 Hornet. During his career, he was Commanding Officer of Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 323 (VMFA-323) at MCAS El Toro, California; Commanding Officer of Marine Aircraft Group 12 at MCAS Iwakuni, Japan; Commanding General of Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler, Okinawa; and Commanding General of the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing at MCAS Cherry Point, North Carolina. He has served tours of duty afloat embarked aboard the aircraft carriers USS Coral Sea (CV-43) and USS Constellation (CV-64), as well as ashore at Headquarters Marine Corps. His retirement was effective as of October 1, 2010.
His personal awards include the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, the Air Medal with strike/flight numeral, and the Navy Commendation Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="30932941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932941" title="The Ice Flood (1926 film)">
The Ice Flood (1926 film)

The Ice Flood is a 1926 silent film northwoods drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by George Seitz and starred Kenneth Harlan and Viola Dana. A complete, though poor quality copy, exists and has been distributed by the Grapevine company in Arizona. 
Cast.
"rest of cast"

</doc>
<doc id="30932942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932942" title="Howe Bridge Mines Rescue Station">
Howe Bridge Mines Rescue Station

Howe Bridge Mines Rescue Station was the first mines rescue station on the Lancashire Coalfield opened
in 1908 in Howe Bridge, Atherton, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
Before Britain's first mines rescue station opened at Tankersley in Yorkshire in 1902, pit managers and volunteers were usually the first untrained mines rescuers. They fought fires, rescued victims and recovered bodies in the collieries in which they worked. Rescue stations were recommended in a Royal Commission in 1886 but were not compulsory until after the 1911 Coal Mines Act was passed. In 1906 the Lancashire and Cheshire Coal Owners Association formed a committee which decided to provide a mines rescue station in Lovers Lane Atherton. 
The first rescuers were provided with Siebe Gorman Proto breathing apparatus which was selected by competition. A team from the rescue station was tasked with training rescue teams from each colliery, and provided emergency assistance to collieries throughout the Lancashire Coalfield.
Teams from the rescue station attended disasters at the Maypole Colliery in Abram in 1908 and the Pretoria Pit Disaster in 1910. 
The station closed in 1934 when Boothstown Mines Rescue Station, the central rescue station for the coalfield, became operative.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30932954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932954" title="Shary">
Shary

Shary may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30932959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932959" title="Mehytenweskhet">
Mehytenweskhet

Mehytenweskhet (Mehtenweskhet) was the daughter of the High Priest of Re Harsiese, and the Great Royal Wife of Psamtik I. She dates to the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt.
Biography.
Mehytenweskhet was the daughter of the High Priest of Re Harsiese. It has been suggested that the high priest Harsiese is identical to the Vizier Harsiese who may have served Taharqa. If so, Harsiese would have served as vizier to Taharqa, while opening up relations with Necho I while the latter was ruler of Sais. This may have allowed Harsiese to remain in office as vizier into the reign of his son-in-law Psamtik I. If the Vizier Harsiese was Mehytenweskhet's father, she would have been a sister of Naneferhenes, who was married to a Theban priest named Nesamun.
Mehytenweskhet was the mother of Necho II, the Divine Adoratrice of Amun Nitocris I and a daughter named Meryetneith. Mehytenweskhet was buried with her daughter Nitocris in Medinet Habu.

</doc>
<doc id="30932963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932963" title="A History of Venice">
A History of Venice

A History of Venice (1981) (ISBN 0394524101) is a non-fiction book by the historian John Julius Norwich. It was originally published by Allen Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="30932967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932967" title="Rohrbach Ro IV">
Rohrbach Ro IV

The Rohrbach Ro IV, also known as the Beardmore BeRo.2 Inverness was an all-metal monoplane flying boat of the 1920s. Designed by the German company Rohrbach for the British Royal Air Force, two were ordered, one completed by Rohrbach's Danish subsidiary and the second by the British licensees, William Beardmore and Company, but the type performed poorly during testing and was abandoned.
Design and development.
Dr.-Ing. Adolf Rohrbach, formerly of Zeppelin-Staaken, set up Rohrbach Metall-Flugzeugbau in 1922 to design and build large all-metal aircraft, with stressed skin structures, unusual for the time. In order to evade the restrictions of the Treaty of Versailles, Rohrbach set up a Danish subsidiary, Rohrbach Metal-Aeroplan Co A/S to assemble aircraft. 
The Scottish shipbuilding company William Beardmore and Company of Dalmuir agreed a license manufacturing deal with Rohrbach in 1924. The British Air Ministry was interested in the use of metal hulls for flying boats, and therefore drew up Specification 20/24 for an all-metal monoplane flying boat to compare with the wooden biplanes in service with the Royal Air Force. In November 1924 Beardmore received an order for two Rorhbach flying boats, based on Rohrbach's Ro III but powered by British Napier Lion engines.
The Ro IV, known as the BeRo.2 Inverness by Beardmore, was a twin-engined high-winged cantilever monoplane, constructed mainly of duralumin. Its two engines were mounted in streamlined tractor nacelles above the wing centre section, while the slab-sided fuselage accommodated the crew of four. The design included a retractable mast and sails in case of engine failure or running out of fuel
In order to speed delivery, the first aircraft serial number "N183" was assembled in Rohrbach's Copenhagen factory from parts made in Rohrbach's main works in Berlin. It was delivered to the Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment at Felixstowe on 18 September 1925, but testing showed the aircraft had poor handling both in the air and on the water, and poor performance, and it was destroyed during strength testing during May 1927.
The second prototype, assembled by Beardmore from Berlin-built parts, did not fly until 30 November 1928. While it incorporated a revised fuel and cooling system and a modified rudder, "N184" still demonstrated poor performance, and the programme was stopped in April 1929, and the prototype scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="30932984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932984" title="Copy typist">
Copy typist

A copy typist is someone who specialises in typing text from a source which they read.
Professional overview.
Copy typists learn to touch type at a high speed, which means they can look at the copy they are typing and do not need to look at the keyboard they are typing on.
The source, or original document is called the copy. They have the document to be typed in front of them and the copy is often held in a copyholder. The adjustable arm on the copyholder aids legibility and maximises the typing speed. There could also be an adjustable ruler and marker to help the typist keep their position when they are interrupted, clips to hold the pages in place, and a light.
Copy can be hand written notes perhaps from an author of a book, a play, or a TV show. It might be their own notes in shorthand — perhaps minutes from a meeting or notes from a talk, lecture, or presentation. In the past when word processors were not available and few people could type they would have typed up dissertations, research papers, and letters that had been hand written by the authors. An urgent letter which was typed up was often signed by the secretary with a pp or was otherwise given back to the sender to sign before dispatch.
A copy typist or a secretary with this skill will quote their speed in words per minute (abbreviated to wpm) on their curriculum vitae and may be asked to demonstrate their speed and accuracy of this skill as part of the interview or application process.
Learning fast typing.
There is a list of webservices where person can learn how to type fast without looking on the keyboard. So touch typist can concentrate his attention on written copy or other source of data.

</doc>
<doc id="30932992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30932992" title="Teresa Cohen">
Teresa Cohen

Teresa Cohen (February 14, 1892 – August 10, 1992) was an American mathematician. She was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She attended the Friends School in Baltimore whose teachers she credited with her interest in mathematics and teaching. She earned her bachelor of arts degree in mathematics and physics at Goucher College in 1912. She earned her PhD in 1918 at Johns Hopkins University.
She became a professor in 1945, one of only a handful of women to have full professor status. Due to university regulations she officially retired in 1961 but tutored maths students for free until 1985 at the age of 94, when an accident forced her to move into a Baltimore nursing home.
Teresa Cohen died in Baltimore in 1992 at the age of 100. She had been a member of the American Mathematical Society, the Mathematical Association of America, Pi Mu Epsilon, and Sigma Delta Epsilon, the national honour society for women in science.
The papers she published included four papers on investigations of the plane quartic, and a co-authored paper with William Knight about the convergence and divergence of the p-series
in which they gave proofs that could be understood by persons not familiar with the integral test for convergence of a series.

</doc>
<doc id="30933001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933001" title="Lauritz Weidemann">
Lauritz Weidemann

Lauritz Weidemann (27 November 1775 – 1 August 1856) was a Norwegian judge, civil servant and politician. He served as county governor for almost 35 years, participated at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, and was a member of the Parliament of Norway for several periods.
Personal life.
Weidemann was born in Sukkestad, Østre Toten as the son of bailiff Lars Weidemann (1742–1826) and Maria Sommerfeldt (1754–1823). He was married to Ditlevine Marie Quist from 1797. Among his uncles were Christian Sommerfeldt and Ole Hannibal Sommerfeldt, both topographers and county governors. He was himself an uncle of ship constructor Hakon Adelsteen Sommerfeldt and psychiatrist Herman Wedel Major, first cousin of priest and botanist Søren Christian Sommerfeldt and grandfather of industrialist Sophus Weidemann. He died in Toten in 1856.
Career.
Weidemann enrolled as a student at the University of Copenhagen in 1790, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1793. He was appointed stipendiary magistrate of the district of Søndre Sunnmøre in 1798, and stipendiary magistrate of the district of Toten from 1802. He represented "Kristians amt" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. In 1815 he published three small political proposals, one regarding the Supreme Court, one on surveying of farm land, and one on finance. He served as County Governor of Hedmark from 1817 to 1821, and as County Governor of Kristians amt from 1821 to 1851.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1814. From 1815 to 1816 he served as President of the Odelsting. He was elected to the Parliament in 1827, when he was President of the Storting, in 1828, 1836 (President of the Lagting) and in 1839.
He was decorated Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1851, Commander of the Order of Vasa, and Knight of the Order of the Polar Star.

</doc>
<doc id="30933019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933019" title="Indianocéanisme">
Indianocéanisme

Indianocéanisme is a humanist ideology from the southwest Indian Ocean region. The term was coined by the Mauritian Camille de Rauville during the founding conference of the International Historical Association of the Indian Ocean in 1960 in Tananarive. The ideology grows out of the observation that literature throughout the Indian Ocean is characterized by the preferential use of French along with some specific features such as the use of the myth of Lemuria and the region's Hindu heritage. Indianocéanisme was long inspired by Algerianism.

</doc>
<doc id="30933036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933036" title="Ken Goodwin">
Ken Goodwin

Ken Goodwin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30933049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933049" title="Campamento Santiago">
Campamento Santiago

Campamento Santiago (English: Camp Santiago) is a military training facility controlled by the Puerto Rico National Guard on 12,789 acres of land located in Salinas, Puerto Rico. This training facility was named posthumously after Medal of Honor recipient and Salinas, Puerto Rico native Specialist Four Héctor Santiago-Colón.
History.
In 1941 the 65th Infantry Regiment 3rd Battalion was the first combat unit to train at this Southern Puerto Rico military camp before being sent to Panama to protect the Panama Canal during War World II.
The installation was renamed Campamento Santiago in 1975 in honor of Specialist Four Héctor Santiago-Colón, who received the Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War. Salinas, Puerto Rico was Specialist Hector Santiago's birthplace.
From 1990 to 1991, military units in Puerto Rico such as the 92nd Maneuver Enhancement Brigade reported to Camp Santiago for initial training in preparation before deployment to Operation Desert Storm in Kuwait. Camp Santiago also had a role in training National Guard and Reserve soldiers in Puerto Rico for Operation Enduring Freedom during the War in Afghanistan and the Global War on Terror. In 2006 more soldiers went back to Camp Santiago to prepare for the Iraq War during Operation Desert Shield.
The U.S. Navy had a radio station receiver site at Camp Santiago.
Camp Santiago also served as a sub-village for athletes for the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games in Ponce and the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games in Mayagüez.
Installation.
Camp Santiago Joint Maneuver Training Center (CSJMTC) is located 51 miles south of San Juan, the capital of Puerto Rico. The main gate is located right off Puerto Rico Highway 52, and the camp is easily accessible from almost everywhere in Puerto Rico. Though it has no permanent residents, Camp Santiago can house thousands of troops on a temporarily basis. Some old barracks are being replaced with new barracks; Other facilities include the Sustainment Automation Support Management Office (SASMO), a Puerto Rico National Guard Museum, Theater, Dining Facilities, Base Chapel, Fire Station, a pool for recreation and water training exercises, a cyber café (computer classroom/laboratory), Troop Medical Clinic, The Brig Gen. Victor J. Torres Fitness Center, a class six shoppette and AAFES has opened a new post exchange and gas station on base.
Training facilities at Camp Santiago include Virtual Convoy Operations Trainer (OCOT), Call For Fire Trainer (CFFT), Engage Similation Training (EST2000), Maneuver Area Training Equipment Site (MATES), 2HMMWV Engress Assistance Trainer (HEAT), FOB Compound Area, EID Path Zoo, a new Rapelling Tower, AWTs, Pre-mob Training Area and an urban assault course. Future projects for the Camp Santiago Joint Maneuver Training Center (CSJMTC) includes a land navigation course, a live shooting house, and a military pistol qualification range.
Warriors Plaza was inaugurated on September 11, 2011, to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the September 11, 2001 9/11 tragedy and honor all the service members of the Puerto Rico National Guard who were mobilized to the New York area to respond to the search and rescue mission.
Current use.
Camp Santiago is the primary training facility for the U.S. Army, Army National Guard, U.S. Army Reserve and the Air National Guard in Puerto Rico for Annual Field Training Exercises (FTX) each summer and for monthly drills throughout the year. Army National Guard and Army Reserve units from the Continental United States (CONUS) also come to Camp Santiago for their annual training camp. U.S. Marine Corps Reserve units in Puerto Rico conduct field training exercises and weapons qualifications at Camp Santiago. The Army ROTC and the Air Force ROTC hold their semester training exercises at Camp Santiago.
Camp Santiago is open to the general public for the annual Puerto Rico National Guard Family Day held each February.
The Puerto Rico Rifle and Pistol Association hold their state championship every year at Camp Santiago, with participants from the military, law enforcement agencies, and civilian organizations. Federal and state law enforcement agencies use Camp Santiago as a support facility for operations in southern Puerto Rico. The Civil Air Patrol and the United States Naval Sea Cadet Corps conduct Summer Encampment at Camp Santiago.

</doc>
<doc id="30933052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933052" title="2011 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Singles Qualifying">
2011 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Dubai Tennis Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="30933053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933053" title="Rondel (gaming)">
Rondel (gaming)

A rondel is a wheel-shaped game mechanism with a number of different options. A rondel game is one where a player's choice of actions is limited by their ability to move around the rondel and so are restricted from taking the same action repeatedly. A player is usually able to move farther around the rondel by paying a cost.

</doc>
<doc id="30933058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933058" title="Donald Van Slyke">
Donald Van Slyke

Donald Dexter Van Slyke (March 29, 1883 – May 4, 1971) was a renowned Dutch American biochemist. His achievements included the publication of 317 journal articles and 5 books, as well as numerous awards, among them the National Medal of Science and the first AMA Scientific Achievement Award.
Early days and education.
Van Slyke was born in Pike, New York on March 29, 1883. He completed his BA in 1905 and PhD in 1907 both at the University of Michigan, his father's alma mater. His PhD studies were performed under Moses Gomberg.
Post-doctoral study.
Van Slyke took up a post-doctoral position at the Rockefeller Institute in 1907, under Phoebus Levene. Levene also arranged for him to spend one year in Berlin under Hermann Emil Fischer in 1911. His early work focused on determining the amino acid composition of proteins. A major achievement during this time was the discovery of the amino acid hydroxylysine.
Clinical chemistry.
In 1914, Van Slyke was appointed chief chemist of the newly founded Rockefeller Institute Hospital, where he played a key part in developing the field of clinical chemistry. His work focused especially on the measurement of gas and electrolyte levels in tissues, for which he is considered to be one of the founders of modern quantitative blood chemistry. He is also considered by many to have first popularised the term "clinical chemistry" in his two-volume work "Quantitative Clinical Chemistry", co-published with John P. Peters. The two-volume work was widely accepted in the medical world as the ""Bible"" of quantitative clinical chemistry. During this period, he also served as managing editor of the Journal of Biological Chemistry from 1914 to 1925.
Brookhaven.
In 1948, approaching retirement age, Van Slyke took up a position as Deputy Director of Biology and Medicine of the newly formed Brookhaven National Laboratory. He held this position briefly before moving back into research at Brookhaven, which he continued until his death in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="30933063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933063" title="Hiroki Nakajima">
Hiroki Nakajima

Hiroki Nakajima (born July 5, 1988) in Tokyo, Japan is a Japanese welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Tokyo, Japan for the Bungeling Bay gym. He is the 2009 Krush middleweight tournament champion and 2010 K-1 World MAX Japan runner up, currently fighting in K-1 MAX. He is touted as one of the future Japanese kickboxing stars and is the man picked by the legendary MAX fighter Masato to be his successor.
Biography / Career.
Nakajima began his kickboxing career in 2006 with the Shoot Boxing organization, winning all four of his fights. In 2009 after fighting for a number of promotions he joined Krush and won their "Road to MAX" 70 kg tournament at the end of the year. As Krush was a feeder league for K-1 MAX, champion Nakajima qualified for the following year's K-1 World MAX Japan tournament.
He went into the competition on a hot winning streak, having won all eleven of his fights, an impressive seven by KO. At the tournament in Saitama Nakajima made his way to the final, stopping both of his opponents including a 0:58 second knockout of fellow prospect Hinata Watanabe. In the final he faced Yuichiro Nagashima in what was an entertaining match with both fighters going all out in their quest for victory. In the second round Nakajima managed to knock down Nagashima but was unable to press home his advantage, losing in the third by knockout. Despite the first ever loss on his record, Nakajima's performance at the tournament earnt him a call up to the K-1 World MAX 2010 Final 16 - Part 1 where he lost his elimination fight to 2002 MAX champion Albert Kraus.
He scored a first round knockout over KEN at "Krush Ignition vol. 4" in Tokyo, Japan on June 2, 2013.
He lost to Yoichi Yamazaki via extension round split decision on August 11, 2013 at "Krush.30".

</doc>
<doc id="30933102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933102" title="Bombino (musician)">
Bombino (musician)

Omara "Bombino" Moctar is an internationally acclaimed Tuareg guitarist and singer-songwriter from Agadez, Niger. His music frequently addresses Tuareg geopolitical concerns and is sung in the Tuareg language of Tamashek. Bombino is the subject of the documentary film "Agadez, the Music and the Rebellion".
Biography.
Bombino was born in 1980 in Tidene, Niger, a Tuareg encampment about 80 kilometers northeast of Agadez. He is a member of the Ifoghas tribe, which belongs to the Kel Air Tuareg federation. Following the outbreak of the Tuareg Rebellion in 1990, Bombino, along with his father and grandmother, were forced to flee to neighboring Algeria for safety. During this time, visiting relatives left behind a guitar, and Bombino began to teach himself how to play. He later studied with renowned Tuareg guitarist, Haja Bebe. Bebe asked him to join his band where he gained the nickname "Bombino", which is derived from the Italian word "bambino", that means 'little child'. While living in Algeria and Libya in his teen years, Bombino and his friends watched videos of Jimi Hendrix, Mark Knopfler and other to learn their styles. He worked as both a musician and a herder in the desert near Tripoli. By 1997, Bombino had returned to Agadez and began life as a professional musician.
Filmmaker Hisham Mayet managed to track down and record Bombino and his electric band Group Bombino in 2007 during a wedding performance. Those recordings, along with several acoustic performances in the 'dry guitar' style, can be heard on the Sublime Frequencies' 2009 release, "Group Bombino - Guitars from Agadez, vol. 2." Later in 2007, tensions grew again in Niger and ultimately erupted into another Tuareg Rebellion. The government, hoping to thwart the rebellion in all its forms, banned guitars for the Tuareg, as the instrument was seen as a symbol of rebellion. Bombino remarked in an interview, "I do not see my guitar as a gun but rather as a hammer with which to help build the house of the Tuareg people." Additionally, two of Bombino's fellow musicians were executed, thus forcing him into exile.
In January 2010 Bombino was able to return to his home in Agadez. So as to celebrate the end of the conflict, a large concert was organized at the base of the Grand Mosque in Agadez, having received the blessing of the Sultan. Bombino and his band played to over a thousand people at the concert, all dancing and celebrating the end of their struggle.
While Bombino lived in exile in Burkina Faso, filmmaker Ron Wyman, having heard cassette recordings of his music, decided to track him down. Wyman encouraged Bombino to properly record his music. Bombino agreed, and the two of them produced an album together in Agadez. The recordings culminated in his album "Agadez", released in April, 2011 which debuted at the top of the iTunes World Chart.
The success of 'Agadez' attracted many musical stars to Bombino including Dan Auerbach of The Black Keys. In June 2012, Auerbach began producing Bombino's second international solo album titled 'Nomad'. Nomad was released by Nonesuch Records on April 2, 2013 and debuted at number one on the iTunes World Chart and Billboard World Chart. Bombino began a concert tour of the United States in May 2013. The tour includes appearances at major music festivals, including Bonnaroo and The Newport Folk Festival. In 2013, Bombino was also invited to open for Robert Plant, Amadou & Mariam and Gogol Bordello.

</doc>
<doc id="30933103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933103" title="Stone box grave">
Stone box grave

Stone box graves were a method of burial employed by Native Americans of the Mississippian culture in the American Midwest and Southeast. Their construction was especially common in the Cumberland River Basin around Nashville, Tennessee
Construction.
A stone box grave is a coffin of stone slabs arranged in the rectangular shape into which a deceased individual was then placed. Common materials used for construction of the graves were limestone and shale, both varieties of stone which naturally break into slab like shapes. The materials for the bottom of the graves often varies, with grave floors made of stone, pottery, shell, dirt, perishables, or some combination of those materials, while the tops are more slabs of stone. Grave goods were often interred with the deceased and included mortuary pottery, ceramic objects, stone implements such celts, axes and arrowheads, figurines, bone beads, dice, and awls, and personal ornaments including marine shell gorgets and freshwater pearls. Regional variations existed, with some being larger and roomier than others, some being built with right angles and some angled inward at the feet. The people of the Middle Tennessee region tended to place bodies in an extended position, while in Eastern Tennessee a flexed position was more often favored. In some instances small stone boxes would be used as a secondary burial, with the excarnated bones placed in as a bundle. Some graves have been found to have been reused. The grave would be reopened and the bones of the previous occupant would be disarticulated and shoved to one end or side so the new occupant could be placed in the proper position. Instances of double burials have also been found, with two occupants interred simultaneously. This is thought to be a conjugal pairing as the occupants are usually of the opposite sex from one another. This type of burial seems to have been reserved for adult members of these societies, with few known examples of child or subadult burials in this fashion. Burials for these individuals seems to take place under house floors or adjacent to houses.
Distribution.
Stone box graves have been found at many different Mississippian sites from the American Bottom to the deep South. The practice was especially prominent in the Cumberland River Valley of Kentucky and Tennessee, with thousands having been found in the Nashville area. Sites such as Beasley, Mound Bottom, Brick Church Pike, Old Town, Castalian Springs and Sellars Mound all have examples of excavated stone box graves. They have also been found as far afield as the Prather Complex sites in the Louisville, Kentucky vicinity, the Pennyroyal Region of Kentucky, the Lower Illinois River Valley, the Little Egypt region of Illinois, in Missouri near St. Louis and the Guntersville Basin area of Northern Alabama.
In archaeology.
Since the beginning of archaeological investigations in the region in the late nineteenth century the graves have been used as a means for understanding the prehistoric inhabitants of the area, with many even calling the people of the Middle Tennessee area the "Stone Grave People". Joseph Jones, under the auspices of the Smithsonian Institution, investigated the Middle Tennessee area and in his 1876 monograph he accurately describes the native remains (including the known Native American practice of artificial cranial deformation) and discussed the possible origins of the local populations and their connection to other peoples and regions such as the Natchez of the Lower Mississippi Valley. In the 1870s Frederick Ward Putnam of the Peabody Museum also excavated several large platform mounds with stone box graves in the vicinity of Nashville. In his 1877 report Putnam recorded burial placement and grave goods found during his excavations and speculated on the ancestry, culture, and age of the people who built the mounds. Putnam concluded that the people of the area were connected with groups from the central Mississippi River Valley. Gates P. Thrustons 1890 manuscript, which started as a piece on a stone box grave cemetery found in Nashville, was the first comprehensive analysis of artifacts for the state of Tennessee. Thruston's conclusions on the builders of the local mounds and box graves added to the nineteenth century myth of the "Moundbuilders", as he concluded a "superior race" from the local Native Americans had built the structures. Clarence Bloomfield Moore with his "Gopher of Philadelphia" riverboat expedition of 1914-1915 continued the tradition of extensive archaeological research in the area and like his predecessors he was also enthralled by the stone box graves. He made maps of sites showing the different varieties of stone graves in Middle Tennessee, Upper Tennessee Valley and nearby Northern Alabama regions

</doc>
<doc id="30933107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933107" title="Henry Boguet">
Henry Boguet

Henry Boguet (1550 Pierrecourt, Haute-Saône – 1619) was a well known jurist and judge of Saint-Claude (1596–1616) in the County of Burgundy. His renown is to a large degree based on his fame as a demonologist for his "Discours exécrable des Sorciers" (1602) which was reprinted twelve times in twenty years.

</doc>
<doc id="30933118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933118" title="Shoot to Kill (X-Pistols album)">
Shoot to Kill (X-Pistols album)

Shoot to Kill is the debut album of the California punk rock group The X-Pistols, released January 18, 2011 on Suburban Noize Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30933123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933123" title="Davis D-1">
Davis D-1

The Davis D-1 is an American light two-seat parasol-winged monoplane of the late 1920s. 
Development and design.
The Davis D-1 was developed from the Davis V-3, which in turn was developed from the Vulcan American Moth. The Davis Aircraft Corporation had its factory at Richmond, Indiana. The D-1 is a parasol-winged aircraft of mixed construction with a two-spar wing and a rectangular welded steel-tube fuselage, the whole being covered by fabric. There are tandem open cockpits and it is fitted with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage which is attached by struts to the fuselage top and bottom. The wing is braced by struts from the lower fuselage. Various engines of between have been fitted.
Operational history.
The D-1 was used from 1929 by sporting pilots and by private pilot owners for leisure flying. In September 1930, Art Chester bought a Davis D-1-85 parasol, and flew it to victory in the 1930 National Air Races. A late model D-1W "The Whistler II" was built in 1933 for Davis with a canopy. It was raced in the 1934 Miami air race by Art Davis winning the category at 133.478mph. It was later owned by movie star Richard Arlen, and restored to become a Grand Champion antique.
Most Davis aircraft were sold in the United States but at least one went to Argentina. Fourteen examples remained in 2001 in various states of airworthiness and several are still airworthy in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30933131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933131" title="Thomas A. Benes">
Thomas A. Benes

Thomas A. Benes is a retired Major General in the United States Marine Corps.
Career.
An aviator, Benes is a graduate of the United States Navy Strike Fighter Tactics Instructor program. Assignments he was given include serving as President of the Marine Corps University and Commanding General of the United States Marine Corps Training and Education Command. He retired in 2000.
Awards he received include the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal three award stars, the Air Medal with valor device and four strike/flight numerals, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, and the Navy Achievement Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="30933143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933143" title="Anders Lysgaard">
Anders Lysgaard

Anders Lysgaard (1756, Biri, Norway – 1827) was a Norwegian farmer and politician. He represented "Christians amt" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was also later a member of the Parliament of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="30933146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933146" title="Créolie">
Créolie

Créolie is a literary movement in the island of Réunion, a French overseas department in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar. The term was coined by Jean Albany (1917–1984) and was developed in his poetry and painting. It attracted figures like Gilbert Aubry, a Réunion poet and bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="30933149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933149" title="Bengt Andersson (sport shooter)">
Bengt Andersson (sport shooter)

Bengt Andersson (born March 6, 1966 in Mora, Sweden) is a Swedish rifle shooter. He was a 300 m rifle specialist during most of the 1980-90s and won an individual gold medal in 300 metre rifle prone and was a part of the winning team at the 1998 ISSF World Shooting Championships in Zaragoza, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="30933150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933150" title="List Burgenland">
List Burgenland

The List Burgenland (, LBL) is a political party in Austria, operating in the federal state of Burgenland. It was founded in 2010 with support of the Free Citizens' List (FBL). 
At the 2010 state election, the List Burgenland got 4.0% of the popular vote and 1 out of 36 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30933165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933165" title="Tsar Kaloyan Municipality">
Tsar Kaloyan Municipality

Tsar Kaloyan Municipality (, former name "Hlebarovo Municipality") is a small municipality ("obshtina") in Razgrad Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 27 km southeast of Danube river. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Tsar Kaloyan.
The municipality embraces a territory of 186.42 km² with a population of 6,314 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The main road E70 crosses the area, connecting the province centre of Razgrad with the city of Ruse and respectively the Danube Bridge with the eastern operating part of Hemus motorway.
Settlements.
Tsar Kaloyan Municipality includes the following 3 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="30933179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933179" title="Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway">
Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway

The Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway, chartered on May 22, 1890, in Syracuse, New York. On July 1, 1890, the company leased, in perpetuity, several street railroads in the city including Third Ward Railway, Fourth Ward Railroad, Fifth Ward Railroad, Seventh Ward Railroad, Eleventh Ward Railroad, Genesee and Water Street Railroad, Woodlawn and Butternut Street Railway, Syracuse and Geddes Railway and New Brighton and Onondaga Valley Railroad. The rail ran a total distance of and had branches every . 
The company filed for bankruptcy in 1893 and merged with the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway Company in May 1896.
History.
The company operated of road with the Thomson-Houston system of electricity and the remaining with horse power.
At the time of the consolidation, the rail included all the roads in Syracuse except the Central City Railway, the Syracuse and Onondaga Railway and the People's Railroad. 
The street railway fell into bankruptcy and a receiver was appointed in December 1893.
Operations.
The railroad had a rolling stock of 63 box, 21 open and 31 motor cars. The year ending December 31, 1893, a total of 4,745,204 passengers rode on the line and gross earnings for the company were $233,133. Operating expenses were $196,197 and net earnings were $36,936 with a $31,278 deficit for the year due to costs of interest and taxes.
The financial statement at the end of June 1893, showed capital stock of $1,250,000 with funded debt of $1,242,000 due July 1, 1920. 
Total cost of the road was $2,605,052.
Company management.
Nine of the first board of thirteen directors were Syracusans, as follows: John Dunn, Jr., Manning C. Talmer, Louis Marshall, Theodore L. Poole, Fred C. Eddy, Hamilton S. White, William S. Andrews, Bruce S. Aldrich and John H. Kaufmann.
During 1894, directors of the company were W. W. Hazzard, H. C. Ford, George E. Herrick, all of Cleveland, Ohio, W. R. Kimball, Paul T. Brady, C. L. Stone, W. P. Gannon, all of Syracuse, New York and Clarence H. Wildes of Riverdale, New York.
Company officers were P. J. Mack, recorder of Syracuse; president was W. W. Hazzard; vice-president was P. T. Brady; secretary was W. P. Gannon; treasurer was W. R. Kimball; E. F. Rice was general manager; and J. H. Moffett was superintendent. Both were from Syracuse where the principal office was located.
Syracuse Street Railway Company.
Both the Consolidated and People's Railroad were purchased by a syndicate on December 20, 1892, with formal control of the company taken on January 1, 1893. Legal complications followed from holders of minority stock of the Consolidated who refused to part with their holdings at the price paid for the remainder of the stock. There were injunctions, arguments, delays and then a mortgage foreclosure with a sale to the secretary of the bondholders' committee for $865,000 on August 17, 1895. The consolidation was consummated on August 24, 1896, under the name of the Syracuse Street Railway Company which had been incorporated on April 20, 1894, with capital stock of four million dollars.
By the time 1895 was over, the Syracuse Street Railway Company ridership increased a total of 665,141 passengers since the previous year and the Consolidated lost 330,740 riders. During 1895, the Grace Street line to Delaware Street was built and was open for business on December 28, 1895.
Powerhouse buildings were begun in Tracy Street in 1894 and the company started further work in 1896. That same year, the street car barns in South Salina and Tallman streets were commenced.
The Syracuse Street Railway Company ran into problems and on March 7, 1896, E. B. Judson and W. Judson Smith were appointed receivers.
Syracuse Rapid Transit railway.
On May 21, 1896, the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway Company was incorporated for approximately four million dollars and by August 26, 1896, the Onondaga County sheriff sold the Syracuse Street Railway Company property upon mortgage foreclosure to the reorganization committee. The consolidation of the roads was completed on September 1, 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="30933181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933181" title="Thomas W. Hungerford">
Thomas W. Hungerford

Thomas William Hungerford (born 1936) is an American mathematician who works in algebra and mathematics education. He is the author or coauthor of several widely used and widely cited textbooks covering high-school to graduate-level mathematics. From 1963 until 1980 he taught at the University of Washington and then at Cleveland State University until 2003. Since 2003 he has been at Saint Louis University. Hungerford has a special interest in promoting the use of technology to teach mathematics.
Hungerford did his undergraduate work at the College of the Holy Cross and got his Ph.D. at the University of Chicago in 1963 (advisor: Saunders Mac Lane).

</doc>
