<doc id="31174315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174315" title="List of people from Bradford">
List of people from Bradford

This is a list of people from the City of Bradford, a metropolitan district in West Yorkshire, England. This list includes people from Bradford, and the wider metropolitan borough, and includes people from Keighley, Shipley, Bingley and Ilkley and other areas. This list is arranged alphabetically by surname:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31174331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174331" title="Evangeline (1913 film)">
Evangeline (1913 film)

Evangeline is a 1913 Canadian drama film based on the epic poem of the same name. It is known as the first feature-length dramatic movie filmed in Canada, and it was very successful there and in the United States. Directed by Edward P. Sullivan and William Cavanaugh, it was filmed in Nova Scotia and is the first Canadian feature-length film. This film was the first of the movies made between 1913 and 1914 by the Canadian Company of Halifax. It is now considered to be a lost film.

</doc>
<doc id="31174344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174344" title="H63">
H63

H63 or H-63 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31174348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174348" title="Daniel Gurney">
Daniel Gurney

Daniel Gurney (1791–1880), was an English banker and antiquary from the Gurney family.
Gurney was born at Earlham Hall, near Norwich, on 9 March 1791. He was youngest son of John Gurney (1749–1809) of Earlham, Norfolk, and brother of Elizabeth Fry, the philanthropist, Louisa Gurney Hoare, the writer on education, and Joseph John Gurney and Samuel Gurney, all of whom are separately noticed. His mother, Catherine, daughter of Daniel Bell, died in 1792. He descended from the ancient family of Gurney or Gournay, a younger branch of which held certain manors in Norfolk (temp. Henry II). Daniel was a direct descendant of this branch of the family. 
After completing his education Gurney entered the Norwich firm of Gurney & Co., of which he was afterwards the head, and for more than sixty years a partner. He wrote several essays on banking, which were printed for private circulation only. As the head of one of the first banks in the provinces he had much influence, both socially and politically. His amiability, courtesy, and generosity greatly endeared him to his contemporaries. Gurney was mainly instrumental in establishing the West Norfolk and Lynn Hospital.
One of Gurney's favourite pursuits was archæology, and he was a prominent fellow of the Society of Antiquaries. He took great interest in genealogy. In 1848 he printed in two volumes for private circulation an elaborate work entitled ‘The Record of the House of Gournay,’ to which he afterwards (1858) added a supplement. This book is highly valued for its varied antiquarian information and research. 
Gurney, who was a conservative in politics, was a justice of the peace and deputy-lieutenant for the county of Norfolk, and filled the office of High Sheriff of Norfolk in 1853. He married in 1822 the Lady Harriet Jemima Hay (1803–1837), daughter of William Hay, 17th Earl of Erroll, by whom he had 9 children. Their son, Charles Henry Gurney, who married a daughter of Henry Thoby Prinsep, graduated Trinity College, Cambridge, and was a partner in Saunderson's Bank, London. Daniel Gurney himself died, 14 June 1880, at his seat near North Runcton, Norfolk.

</doc>
<doc id="31174351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174351" title="Larry Reilly">
Larry Reilly

Larry Reilly was a former Gaelic football player for Cavan.
Playing career.
The Knockbride clubman helped Cavan by scoring 2pts to claim their only Ulster Senior Football Championship title in 28 years, beating Derry in Clones. His older brother Peter Reilly also played in the Final.
International Rules.
He played for Ireland in the 2000 International Rules Series against Australia. He scored 5pts over the two test games.

</doc>
<doc id="31174358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174358" title="Barry Harvey">
Barry Harvey

Barry Kenneth Harvey is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in three test matches, including matches that counted towards the 1988 World Cup.
Playing career.
A 1983 Junior Kiwi, Harvey played for the Western Suburbs club in the Taranaki Rugby League and became a Taranaki and Central Districts representative.
He was first picked for the New Zealand Kiwis for the 1986 tour of Australia. In 1987 he moved south, joining the Randwick Kingfishers in the Wellington Rugby League. He became a Wellington representative, and later captained the side. New Zealand did not play any test matches in 1987, however Harvey was selected in a New Zealand XIII that lost 14-18 to Queensland.
Harvey captained the New Zealand Māori team in the 1988 Pacific Cup. He was again picked for the New Zealand side in 1989 and played one test match against Australia.
Legacy.
In 2008 he was named in the Taranaki Rugby League Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="31174360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174360" title="Manolis Rasoulis">
Manolis Rasoulis

Emmanouil (Manolis) Rasoulis (, September 28, 1945March 5, 2011), best known as the lyricist of famous songs, was a Greek music composer, singer, writer, and journalist.
Rasoulis was born in 1945 in Heraklion, Crete. He frequently collaborated with famous musicians such as Manos Loizos, Stavros Kougioumtzis, Nikos Xydakis, and Christos Nikolopoulos, and singers such as Vasilis Papakonstantinou, Haris Alexiou, Sokratis Malamas, and Nikos Papazoglou.
He was found dead in his apartment in the Toumba area of Thessaloniki on March 13, 2011, at the age of 65. His death is estimated to have come more than a week earlier, on March 5, from a suspected heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="31174375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174375" title="2007 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2007 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2007 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was a tournament that decided the Big Sky Conference's automatic bid to the 2007 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31174392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174392" title="Gare de Ferrières-Fontenay">
Gare de Ferrières-Fontenay

Ferrières-Fontenay is a railway station in Fontenay-sur-Loing, Centre, France.
The Station.
The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon) operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Ferrières-Fontenay:

</doc>
<doc id="31174406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174406" title="UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships">
UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships

The UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships are the world championships for track cycling where athletes with a physical disability compete, organized by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI).
The Championships were earlier administered by the International Paralympic Committee. The UCI and the IPC organized the 2006 IPC Cycling World Championships. The first UCI Para-cycling World Championships took place in 2007.
The UCI awards a gold medal and a rainbow jersey to the winner and silver and bronze medals to the second and third.
Classification.
The classification system was reclassified in 2010/2011, and first used for the 2011 UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships.
History.
UCI classification was earlier divided into these disability categories: locomotor, cerebral palsy, visually impaired, handcycling. Each category have separate classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="31174428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174428" title="David Guthrie (Lord Treasurer)">
David Guthrie (Lord Treasurer)

Sir David Guthrie (fl. 1479), was lord treasurer of Scotland in 1461.
Guthrie was the son of Alexander Guthrie of Kincaldrum. From 25 March 1466, when David Guthrie recovered the barony and estates of Guthrie granted to his family by David II but afterwards sold, his full title was Sir David Guthrie of Guthrie and Kincaldrum. In 1457 he was sheriff of Forfarshire. From his youth he was bred up about the court, and became armour-bearer to James II, afterwards rising high in favour with James III. During James III's minority Guthrie was made lord treasurer (in 1461) by the queen-mother. On 15 October 1466 Sir David Guthrie became comptroller of the household. In March 1467 he again appears in the official deeds as treasurer, and in November as comptroller, his name occurring in the royal charters for 1468 in the same position as when treasurer, but without the designation, the probability being that he continued to hold both posts. 
On 10 August 1468 Sir David Guthrie appears as clerk of the register, and the next year, owing to a change in the ministry, was made master of the rolls, his name again appearing as comptroller in November 1470. In April 1472 he went as one of the Scottish plenipotentiaries to meet the English commissioners at Newcastle, where a truce to last from 20 April 1472 till July 1483 was concluded. He was appointed lord chief justice of Scotland in 1473; the last official mention of his name is as justiciary in 1474, but he certainly survived till 1479. 'In the time of his greatness he much enlarged his estate', and founded and endowed a collegiate church at Guthrie for a provost and three prebends (increased by his eldest son to eight), and confirmed by a bull from Sixtus IV, dated at Rome 14 June 1479. 
Sir David Guthrie married twice, first a daughter of Sir Thomas Maule of Panmure, and secondly one of the Dundases. His eldest son, Alexander Guthrie, a grandson, three sons-in-law, and a nephew were all slain at Battle of Flodden, 1513.

</doc>
<doc id="31174446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174446" title="The Lycée Franco-Libanais Tripoli">
The Lycée Franco-Libanais Tripoli

The Lycée Franco-Libanais de Tripoli, also known as Lycée Franco-Libanais Alphonse de Lamartine is a 15-year private school (kindergarten through 12th grade) in North Lebanon, founded in 1973 by the Mission laïque française, as an annex to the Grand Lycée Franco-Libanais in Beirut. It was initially situated in Tripoli, then moved to Ras Maska and is now in its new establishment in Kfar Kahel.
Education and curriculum.
The primary language used in the school is French, but Arabic and English are also required. <br>
As a member of the Mission laïque française (the French secular mission), the primary missions of the Lycée Franco-Libanais Tripoli are to spread secular values and the French language.<br>
The school is considered prestigious because it offers a double curriculum and invests in language instruction. Students are required to cover fully both the French curriculum and the Lebanese curriculum, with no "single curriculum" option except for children of expatriate French citizens who join late. For all students, but especially for Lebanese citizens, admission to the school is competitive based on examination, and priority is often given to children of alumni and siblings of current students. <br>
Traditionally, more attention is given to the French curriculum in the final years of highschool (in preparation for the French baccalauréat, and more attention is given to the Lebanese curriculum in the final year of middle school (9th grade) in preparation for the Lebanese Brevet.
Notable alumni.
Tarek El-Sayed, Vice President at Booz & Company
Hala El Amine, Legal officer at the International Court of Justice<br>
External links.
Mission laïque française<br>
Lycée Franco-Libanais de Tripoli - Alphonse de Lamartine<br>
Lycée Franco-Libanais de Tripoli de la Mission laïque française au Liban<br>
Amical des anciens Lycéens<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31174487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174487" title="European Master in Management">
European Master in Management

The European Master in Management (EMM) is a 2-year management programme run collaboratively by EMLYON Business School (France), Aston Business School (UK) and Ludwig Maximilian Universität (Germany). The purpose of the programme is to provide students with an international perspective of the business scene.
The European Master in Management is the first European triple-degree programme. After completing all programme requirements, students are awarded three MSc Diplomas: one from each of the Partner Universities. 
The objective of the EMM is to prepare students for a global business career through a combination of academic semesters on at least one of the three campuses and in-company internships. The first year is devoted to general management courses, whereas the second year is dedicated to a specialisation in one of the following fields: Marketing, Corporate Finance or Organisation, Strategy and Change.
All students benefit from the teaching expertise of the three institutions as, during the first year, all modules are taught jointly by professors from the three Partner institutions. This unique approach guarantees students a three-angle vision of European management.
Programme.
In the first year, students stay on the same campus (EMLYON Business School) taking fundamental management courses. The educational itinerary of each of these modules takes into account three international perspectives, as it is designed by a team of three professors, one from each Partner University.
During the second year, students take on an elective specialisation. This is an opportunity to discover a new campus, as each specialisation is held in one of the three Universities:
Students spend at least one semester in a company, on a management internship, and must write a professionally oriented Master's Dissertation. This provides the opportunity to strengthen relations with the business world.
European Master in Management Partners Companies.
Throughout the year, students have multiple opportunities to contact with the corporate partners. Different companies are frequently represented on campus, either to give lectures and seminars or to offer internship and job opportunities directly to the students.
Some of the main partner companies are:

</doc>
<doc id="31174502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174502" title="Caballo prieto azabache">
Caballo prieto azabache

Caballo prieto azabache (La tumba de Villa) is a 1968 Mexican historical drama film starring Antonio Aguilar, Flor Silvestre, and Jaime Fernández. The film was successful at the box-office and stayed in theaters for a surprising nine weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="31174503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174503" title="Pavel Petrovich Parenago">
Pavel Petrovich Parenago

Pavel Petrovich Parenago (20 March 1906 – 5 January 1960) was a Soviet scientist, astronomer, and professor. He served as the head of the Department of Stellar Astronomy at M.V. Lomonosov Moscow State University and a Corresponding Member of the Soviet Academy of Sciences.
Early life and education.
Pavel Petrovich Parenago was born into the family of a physician on 20 March 1906, in Krasnodar, present-day Russia. He completed his middle school education in Moscow in 1922, having begun scientific work while still in senior classes. He went on to graduate from Moscow State University in 1929 as a trained and qualified scientist.
Research.
In 1932, Parenago began studies of the structure and kinematics of the Milky Way based primarily on star data. He and a colleague, B.V. Kukarkin, began an extensive compilation of variable star data. During his studies, Parenago observed approximately 3,000 stars in the Orion nebula region of the galaxy, the nearest star creating region to the Sun.
Parenago then assumed a post at Moscow University as reader in stellar astronomy, becoming the first person to teach a lecture course on the subject of galactic astronomy in the Soviet Union in 1934. In 1939, he gained full professorship and organized the Department of Stellar Astronomy, which he was named head of in 1940. Parenago then authored a textbook entitled "Course in Stellar Astronomy".
In 1940, Parenago began investigating the absorption of light in interstellar space, during which he made discoveries relevant to this area of research. He also had an avid interest in amateur astronomy and published works and lectured in order to educate the public on the subject. He performed research on dwarf stars, hoping to find a cause for their unusual velocities, as well as the dynamics of star systems.
After being elected Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences in 1953, he became the first person to be awarded the Bredikhin Prize, an award founded by the Academy, in 1954.
In the later part of his life, Parenago spent much of his time revising his earlier works until his death in 1960 after an illness lasting several years.
Recognition.
Parenago was awarded the Order of Lenin for contributions to Soviet science. An asteroid, 2484 Parenago, and a lunar crater, Parenago, are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31174515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174515" title="Polypterus endlicheri endlicheri">
Polypterus endlicheri endlicheri

The Saddled Bichir, "Polypterus endlicheri endlicheri", is a prototypical species of the Polypterus genus, meaning most of its features are held across the genus.
Appearance.
The body is long and about as deep as it is wide. A serrated dorsal fin runs along most of the body until it meets the caudal fin. The pectoral fins attach just behind and below the gill openings and are the primary means of locomotion, providing a slow, graceful appearance. The pattern of the fish consists of irregular vertical bands along the flanks of the fish, that do not extend completely onto the ventral surface. They are normally a whitish-yellow colour, but are available in an albino and platinum colour morph.
In the wild colour morph black spots are seen on and around the head, body and caudal fin. 
This is 'lower jaw' polypterus, and thus has a prominent lower jaw longer than the upper jaw. 
P. endlicheri endlicheri is one of the larger Polypterus species attaining a record maximum size of 30"
The head is small and lizard-like with a large gaping mouth and small eyes on either side. Since its eyesight is poor the bichir primarily hunts by smell. External nostrils protrude from the nose of the fish to enable this.
The fish has a pair of primitive lungs instead of a swim bladder, allowing it to periodically gulp air from the surface of the water. In the aquarium bichirs can be observed dashing to the surface for this purpose. Provided the skin remains moist, the creature can remain out of the water for near indefinite periods of time.
Subspecies.
There is one subspecies of endlicheri, which tends to grow much larger (39") than P. endlicher endlicheri, and this is Polypterus endlicheri congicus
Captivity.
Bichirs are predatory fish and in captivity will take any live or dead animal that can be swallowed or broken apart and then swallowed. The only thing preventing a bichir from emptying an aquarium of smaller fish is its speed; the pectoral fins only allow for slow cruising, and while it can achieve amazing bursts of speed, it can't catch fish of average speed. Given enough time, any fish that can fit in the bichir's mouth will be eaten; this fish should not be kept with any other fish smaller than eight inches. It has been known to eat fish as large as themselves.
Bichirs require a lot of floor space; the height of the tank doesn't matter. You should note that since these specimens can grow over 29" long, they should be kept in a 150+ gallon tank. There should be a gap of air in the tank allowing the bichir to gulp air, the tank can't be full of water. Bichirs are escape artists. Without a secure lid on an aquarium, the fish will eventually escape, and go quite a long distance before drying out and dying.
Bichirs will also take dry foods such as shrimp pellets and occasionally cichlid pellets as well as flakes. They will readily accept frozen bloodworms, blackworms, and other frozen foods. They will also accept earthworms. Take care to wash the worms after collecting them, and make sure no pesticides have been recently spread.

</doc>
<doc id="31174518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174518" title="Retro Grave (EP)">
Retro Grave (EP)

Retro Grave is the self-titled debut EP from Retro Grave, featuring the original Trouble drummer Jeff Olson. The EP was self-released June 05, 2007.
Track listing.
All music written by Jeff Olson and lyrics by Paull Goodchild.

</doc>
<doc id="31174527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174527" title="Gare de Nogent-sur-Vernisson">
Gare de Nogent-sur-Vernisson

Nogent-sur-Vernisson is a railway station in Nogent-sur-Vernisson, Centre, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Nogent-sur-Vernisson:

</doc>
<doc id="31174534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174534" title="David H. Jones House">
David H. Jones House

The David H. Jones House is located at 143 S. Main Street in Spanish Fork, Utah and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The house was built in 1912 for David H. and Mary E. Nielsen Jones, who lived there until their deaths in 1959 and 1976, respectively. In addition to running his own farm and livestock operations, David Jones served as Commissioner of Agriculture for Utah, as president of the Utah State Farm Bureau, and as president of the Utah County Cooperative Dairy for 20 years. His political career included six years of service as a Spanish Fork city councilman and two terms as a state senator.
Also located on the property is the Spanish Fork Pioneer Park, which is currently owned and opporated by Jones's granddaughter Elaine Jones Hughes, and her husband who have dedicated the property to Spanish Fork's pioneer heritage. Located at the park are several historic pioneer log cabins with connections to Spanish Fork pioneers, a mill that came from Leland, and a pump house that had its origins in Salt Lake City. Pioneer Park is open on Pioneer Day and is also the location of the Fiesta Days quilt show.

</doc>
<doc id="31174537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174537" title="Edmund Gurney (divine)">
Edmund Gurney (divine)

Edmund Gurney or Gurnay (died 1648) was an English clergyman, divine and anti-Catholic writer.
Life.
Gurney was son of Henry Gurney of West Barsham and Ellingham, Norfolk, by his wife Ellen, daughter of John Blennerhasset of Barsham, Suffolk. He matriculated at Queens' College, Cambridge, on 30 October 1594, and graduated B.A. in 1600. He was elected Norfolk fellow of Corpus Christi College in 1601, proceeded M.A. in 1602, and B.D. in 1609. In 1607 he was suspended from his fellowship for not being in orders, but was reinstated by the vice-chancellor. 
In 1614 he left Cambridge, on being presented to the rectory of Edgefield, Norfolk, which he held till 1620, when he received that of Harpley, Norfolk. Gurney was inclined to puritanism, as appears from his writings. On one occasion he was cited to appear before the bishop for not using a surplice, and on being told he was expected to always wear it, ‘came home, and rode a journey with it on.’ He further made his citation the occasion for publishing his tract vindicating the Second Commandment. Thomas Fuller, who was personally acquainted with him, says: ‘He was an excellent scholar, could be humourous, and would be serious as he was himself disposed. His humours were never prophane towards God or injurious towards his neighbours.’ Gurney died in 1648, and was buried at St. Peter's Mancroft, Norwich, on 14 May in that year. His successor at Harpley was instituted on the following day. It is therefore plain that Gurney conformed to the covenant, and that the Dr. Gurney whom Walker mentions as a sequestered clergyman living in 1650 was another person. Gurney was married, and apparently had a son called Protestant (d. 1624—monument at Harpley). His wife's name was Ellen.

</doc>
<doc id="31174577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174577" title="Yaupi">
Yaupi

Yaupi is a primarily Shuar village with a few hundred residents in the province of Morona Santiago, Logroño Canton, Yaupi Parish, Ecuador. 

</doc>
<doc id="31174585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174585" title="Dave Stapleton (pitcher)">
Dave Stapleton (pitcher)

David Earl "Dave" Stapleton (born October 16, 1961, in Miami, Arizona) is a retired professional baseball pitcher whose career spanned six seasons, two of which were spent in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Milwaukee Brewers (1987–88). The majority of Stapleton's career was spent in the minor leagues. His career began in 1984 with the Class-A Beloit Brewers of the Midwest League. During his minor league career, Stapleton compiled a 30–26 record with a 3.43 earned run average (ERA) in 444 innings pitched. Over his two years in the majors, he compiled a 2–0 record with a 3.81 ERA and 20 strikeouts in 28 innings pitched. Stapleton batted and threw left-handed. During his professional career, he was listed at a height of and a weight of .
Early life.
Stapleton was born in Miami, Arizona on October 16, 1961. He attended Grand Canyon University from 1982 to 1983. He posted a 16–5 record with a 3.28 earned run average (ERA) in his two years on the school's baseball team, who won the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics Championship in 1982. As a member of the school's 1982 baseball team, Stapleton is enshrined in Grand Canyon University's athletic hall of fame.
Playing career.
In 1983, Stapleton was signed by the Milwaukee Brewers as an amateur free agent. He began his professional career in 1984 in Milwaukee's minor league organization. With the Class-A Beloit Brewers that season, he went 9–6 with a 2.33 ERA in 48 games, all in relief. Milwaukee assigned Stapleton to the Stockton Ports of the Class-A California League in 1985. With the Ports, he compiled a 2–9 record with a 2.54 ERA in 52 relief appearances. Stapleton was promoted to the Double-A level in 1986. With the El Paso Diablos of the Texas League that year, he compiled a 6–2 record with a 3.15 ERA in 38 relief appearances.
Stapleton started the 1987 season with the Double-A El Paso Diablos, where in four games he compiled a 1.74 ERA. He was soon promoted to the Triple-A Denver Bears. Stapleton went 11–3 with a 4.05 ERA, five saves and 74 strikeouts in 44 games, nine of which were starts. Of his nine starts, Stapleton went for a complete game in four and pitched a shutout in one. During the month of August with the Bears, Stapleton went a perfect 6–0. He was called up to the Milwaukee Brewers on September 14, 1987. He made his Major League Baseball debut that day, earning a win in 3 innings pitched against the New York Yankees. Stapleton finished the 1987 season with Milwaukee going 2–0 with a 1.84 ERA and 14 strikeouts in four games, all in relief.
In January 1988, Stapleton re-signed with the Milwaukee Brewers. That year, he started the season in the major leagues. He made his season debut that year against the Boston Red Sox, pitching 1 innings, giving-up no runs on two hits. After just six games with the Brewers, Stapleton suffered a shoulder injury, which ended his season. In those games, he compiled no wins or losses with a 5.93 ERA and six strikeouts. Stapleton was removed from the Brewers 40-man roster after undergoing surgery on his injured shoulder. After the season, the Houston Astros selected him in the Rule 5 draft.
In 1989, Stapleton played with the Houston Astros during spring training. Before the start of the regular season, the Astros returned Stapleton to the Milwaukee Brewers. After pitching in extended spring training, the Brewers assigned Stapleton to the Triple-A Denver Bears. He spent the entire season with Denver, going 2–6 with a 5.10 ERA, one save and 46 strikeouts in 34 games, 10 of which were starts.
Coaching career.
In 2001, Stapleton was hired as the head baseball coach of his alma mater, Grand Canyon University. In 2002, he led the team to a 38–21 record. The school's baseball/softball complex, Stapleton-Pierson Stadium, is partially named after Dave Stapleton. On March 10, 2011, Stapleton was dismissed as the head coach of the school's baseball team.
Personal.
Stapleton resides in Chandler, Arizona with his wife, Patti and their children; Kadi and Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="31174589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174589" title="Gare de Gien">
Gare de Gien

Gien is a railway station in Gien, Centre, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Gien:

</doc>
<doc id="31174591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174591" title="Hudson Gurney">
Hudson Gurney

Hudson Gurney (1775–1864) was an English antiquary and verse-writer, also known as a politician. He was a member of the Gurney family.
Life.
Gurney was born at Norwich on 19 January 1775, was the eldest son of Richard Gurney of Keswick Hall, Norfolk, by his first wife, Agatha, daughter of David Barclay of Youngsbury, Hertfordshire; Anna Gurney was his sister. He was educated by his grandfather Barclay, by Thomas Young, and by John Hodgkin. He inherited a fortune from his father. In early life he travelled on the continent with his friend George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen.
In March 1816 Gurney became M.P. for Newtown (UK Parliament constituency), and sat in six successive parliaments. He served much on committees. In 1835 he was High Sheriff of Norfolk. He was elected fellow of the Society of Antiquaries on 12 March 1818, and was vice-president from 1822–46. He contributed to the society many hundreds of pounds for the publication of Anglo-Saxon works. He was also fellow of the Royal Society (elected 15 January 1818); member of the British Archæological Association from 1843; vice-president of the Norfolk and Norwich Archæological Society; and a supporter of the Norwich Museum and Literary Institute.
Gurney lived at Keswick Hall and in St. James's Square, London, where he saw much society till the last twenty years of his life, when he suffered from ill-health. He died at Keswick Hall on 9 November 1864, and was buried in Intwood churchyard, near Norwich. He was the head of the Norfolk family of the Gurneys, and his fortune was inherited mostly by John Henry Gurney.
Gurney is described as having a habit of questioning everything: "he seemed never to agree with you"; but he was kind, liberal, and hospitable. He married in 1809 Margaret (d. 1855), daughter of Robert Barclay, M.P., of Ury, Kincardineshire. They had no children. Gurney's portrait (when about 20) was painted by Opie, and also, about 1840, by Briggs.
Works.
His first publication was a privately printed "English History and Chronology in Rhyme". In 1799 he published "Cupid and Psyche", an imitation in verse of the "Golden Ass" of Apuleius (also 1800, 1801, and in Bohn's Classical Library, "Apuleius"). He also published "Heads of Ancient History", (1814); "Memoir of Thomas Young, M.D.", (1831) "Letter to Dawson Turner on Norwich and the Venta Icenorum" (Norwich, 1847); and "Orlando Furioso" (1843), a verse translation, written in 1808, of parts of the poem. He also wrote for the "Archæologia", mainly on English antiquities, in vols. xviii. (on the Bayeux Tapestry), xx–xxii. xxiv. xxv. and xxx. He purchased from the widow of Samuel Woodward all his manuscripts, drawings, and books on Norfolk topography, and printed for Mrs. Woodward's benefit the "Norfolk Topographer's Manual" and the "History of Norwich Castle".
He possessed a library of from ten to fifteen thousand volumes, in every one of which he used to boast he had read. He left some diaries, which were not to be published for fifty years.
Legacy.
Between 1822 and 1830 he had presented to the British Museum Henry Jermyn's manuscript collections for the history of Suffolk; the seal of Ethelwald, bishop of Dunwich; and Roman tesselated pavements from Carthage.

</doc>
<doc id="31174593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174593" title="Chordboard">
Chordboard

The chordboard is an electronic musical instrument based on software technology, and played by keyboard controller, one implementation being a set of four MIDI keyboards arranged vertically. The patent for this musical technology specifically identifies the seven chords that exist for each key signature, and how these key signatures can be selected at any time while playing the instrument to achieve a key signature change, and thus an instant change in chords. In every key signature there are seven chords, and each of these chords are identified on the chordboard as follows (signified by Nashville Notation):
Pressing a key on any one of the chordboard's four keyboards will cause a single note to be heard within the chord zone played. Each key will play only one note. In order to play a chord, two or more keys must be played, similar to a piano. Chords are played by playing two or more keys at the same time.
History.
The chordboard original started as a prototype stand alone self-contained unit, but evolved into a software based musical instrument that could work with a variety of hardware devices, as music technology has continually evolved centered around a DAW. With the advent of readily available Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) easily accessible to the consumer masses on account of much lower cost options (with some being freely available i.e. Audacity), the chordboard can be configured using any type of MIDI keyboard connected via USB to a MAC or PC computer.
Functionality.
Large symphonic chord voicings can be played on the chordboard with 12 notes available for each of the seven chord zones (84 active notes total). Each white key on the MIDI keyboard used represents an individual note within a chord zone, and is mapped to a note within a harmonic chord voicing pattern programmed for each chord, according to major-minor tonality and a particular voicing style (such as classic, jazz, or oriental). Due to the chord voicing mapping that takes place within the software, the entry level learning curve is short. In contrast, because of the millions of possible chord voicings between each of the seven chords in a key signature, more advanced level playing technique can take place, but over a much longer period of time.
The chordboard interface is made up of 7 different active chords, with the option to change chord values based on every possible key signature variation (24 unique sets of key signatures, 12 major and 12 minor each in the keys of C, Db, D, Eb, E, F, Gb, G, Ab, A, Bb, B). Each chord value can instantly change depending on which key signature is selected from the top keyboard in the stack of four MIDI keyboards. For example, in the Key of C, the 1 chord is the C major chord, and the ii chord is D minor, and so on up the scale. The chordboard allows the player to select key signature changes on the fly, and chord style, or genre changes also on the fly, facilitating a vast variety of chord voicings available for each chord.

</doc>
<doc id="31174595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174595" title="2011 Orange Open Guadeloupe – Doubles">
2011 Orange Open Guadeloupe – Doubles

Riccardo Ghedin and Stéphane Robert defeated Arnaud Clément and Olivier Rochus 6–2, 5–7, [10–7] in the final.
Seeds.
The top three seeds received a bye into the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31174633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174633" title="Wilfrid Lawson (MP for Cockermouth)">
Wilfrid Lawson (MP for Cockermouth)

Wilfrid Lawson (ca. 1636after 1679) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660.
Lawson was the son of Sir Wilfrid Lawson, 1st Baronet, of Isell and his wife Jane Musgrave, daughter of Sir Edward Musgrave, 1st Baronet of Hayton Castle
In 1659, Lawson was elected Member of Parliament for Cockermouth in the Third Protectorate Parliament. In 1660, he was re-elected MP for Cockermouth in the Convention Parliament. In 1678 he was appointed High Sheriff of Cumberland
Lawson's father conferred the estate of Brayton on him, so founding the line of ‘Brayton’ Lawson’s upon whom the baronetcy descended on failure of the Isel Lawsons.
Lawson married Sarah James, daughter of William James of Washington, County Durham. They had two sons, Gilfrid and Alfred.

</doc>
<doc id="31174644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174644" title="Ronan Carolan">
Ronan Carolan

Ronan Carolan is a former Gaelic footballer for Cavan.
Playing career.
Carolan was a prolific freetaker for Cavan. He helped Cavan reach the All-Ireland Under 21 Football Championship final in 1988, but they were defeated by Offaly. In 1989, Cavan had a great run in the National Football League claiming the Div. 2 title and reaching the semi final, only to lose narrowly to Dublin in Croke Park. In the same year he won a Dr. McKenna Cup medal when Cavan defeated Derry in the Final. He was a member of the Cavan squad that lost out in the Ulster Final in 1996. But, in 1997, Carolan scored 10pts to helped Cavan claim their only Ulster Senior Football Championship title in 28 years, beating Derry in Clones.
Carolan is 10th in the top all-time Ulster marksman, scoring 2-138 (144pts).

</doc>
<doc id="31174691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174691" title="Reza Baziari">
Reza Baziari

Reza Baziari (; born March 21, 1973) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Shahin Bushehr in the Iran Pro League. He is currently the captain of the team.
Club career.
Baziari joined Shahin Bushehr in 2001, and is currently the longest serving playing on the team.

</doc>
<doc id="31174697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174697" title="Dave Stapleton">
Dave Stapleton

Dave Stapleton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31174703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174703" title="Field of Chaos">
Field of Chaos

Field of Chaos is a compilation of two novella works written by Tom Barbalet in 1993. The first novella deals with a fictionalized account of Barbalet's experiences writing anti computer virus software for the Australian government. This anti-viral software was the basis of Barbalet's Noble Ape cognitive simulation. The second novella is a non-fiction account of Barbalet's experiences in a revolutionary commune in Elands in northern New South Wales.
Field of Chaos.
Field of Chaos is both the name of the final published work but also the name of the 1993 novella that detailed Barbalet's experiences writing anti-viral software. The novella was written in five different accounts. The one published represents the fourth account. The novella originally started as a non-fiction novel of some length however through the explicit descriptions of a number of local hacking figures, including a young Julian Assange, the novel was re-written as a fictionalized novella to avoid any legal issues.
Field of Chaos is set in a fictional country called Debauturia, referred to by the teenage participants in the novella as the Created Nation. Much of the mythology through the novella is based on conspiracist views including the Hoover deity loosely based on J. Edgar Hoover. The conspiracist mythology used in Field of Chaos is still prevalent in the terminology used by Assange.
The novella starts with the lead character, Andrew, discovering a series of computer viruses that link the government with a violent gang of hackers. This connection exposes a series of interactions that put Andrew's life in danger while he also deals with the constant harassment of the government. The novella explores teenage identity issues in the context of the dark and looming fate that Andrew finds himself dealing with until the novella's conclusion.
Main Characters.
Andrew - the lead character, loosely based on Barbalet, is a young anti-viral author and high school student
Marc - his feral friend
Tristan - a government employee who hires Andrew to cure some computer viruses
Nathan - the leader of a secretive government organization
Just Call Me Jesus.
The second novella in Field of Chaos is a non-fiction account of Barbalet and his friend Gordon traveling to Elands in northern New South Wales during the period of the Wingham Forest Action (WFA) blockade. Although the blockade is an incidental component of the novella, the story revolves around Barbalet's interaction with Kingston, a coming-of-age resident of Elands who is bent on forming a revolutionary army in the vision of Field of Chaos. Barbalet must survive and understand his writing as a work of fiction that may motivate strong reactions.
Main Characters.
Tom - the author
Gordon - used as the basis of the Marc character in Field of Chaos
Kingston - an Elands local and the revolutionary leader
Forrest - Kingston's brother
Additional Information.
Although Field of Chaos was written in 1993, it was copyrighted in 2010 and published in 2011. Barbalet provided a continued description of moving the writing from a series of text files into a published form through the Stone Ape podcasts in 2010. One of the running themes through the discussion of Field of Chaos is whether Julian Assange is a character in the writing. Although Barbalet initially denied the possibility, an account of hackers targeting a child pornography internet ring and supplying this information to police (which features briefly in Field of Chaos) appears to have included Assange.
Elands is a controversial location that has been written about extensively in recent years due to the diversity of engineered communes developed around different alternative philosophies there.
Barbalet has indicated he will publish the sequels to the book in the next few years.

</doc>
<doc id="31174705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174705" title="Lasting power of attorney">
Lasting power of attorney

Lasting powers of attorney (LPAs) in English law were created under the Mental Capacity Act 2005 of which copies are available online, and came into effect on 1 October 2007. The LPA replaced the former Enduring Powers of Attorney (EPA) which were narrower in scope. Their purpose is to meet the needs of those who can see a time ahead when they will not be able – in the words of the Act, will lack capacity – to look after their own personal and financial affairs. The LPA allows them to make appropriate arrangements for family members or trusted friends to be authorised to make decisions on their behalf.
The purpose of a lasting power of attorney.
The LPA is a specific form of the more general power of attorney which is widely used in countries which have a common law system. The word attorney in this context is someone (or in some circumstances an organisation such as a company) legally appointed or empowered to act for another person. The person giving the power is known as the donor. The word 'lasting' in the context of an LPA means that the power may continue even if the person (though still alive) no longer has capacity to exercise the power.
The former EPA was simple to administer, but failed to provide for some decisions which may have to be made in circumstances that preclude their being made by the person principally affected. In particular, the attorney's powers under the EPA were largely defined in terms of money and property, and were not related to decisions on medical matters such as the continuation or otherwise of life-sustaining treatment, or welfare matters such as a move to a different kind of accommodation. The primary purpose of the changes under MCA 2005 was to rectify this omission, by creating two LPas: one for property and financial affairs (the LPA(PFA)) and one for Health and Welfare (the LPA(H&W)). The opportunity was also taken to make further changes, whose principal effect was to make the whole apparatus very much more complex, and correspondingly more expensive to administer.
The administrative and legal background to the LPA.
The LPA system is administered by the Office of the Public Guardian (OPG), an agency of the Ministry of Justice of the United Kingdom. Its contact details are explained in section 2.2 below headed 'The role of the OPG in relation to Lasting Powers of Attorney'. The OPG was set up in 2007 under the Mental Capacity Act 2005, replacing the similarly-named Public Guardianship Office which had a more limited range of responsibilities. It is headed by the Public Guardian, whose main role is the protection of people who lack mental capacity.
MCA 2005 provides a statutory framework to empower and protect vulnerable people who are not able to make their own decisions. It makes clear who can take decisions on their behalf, in which situations, and how they should do so. Through the LPA, the Act enables people to plan ahead for a time when they may lose capacity. Detailed guidance is provided by a Code of Practice to the Act, which people working as professionals in this field are required to 'have regard to': that is, to observe, unless (having decided in specific circumstances not to do so) they are prepared to explain afterwards – most probably in a post-incident inquiry – why not.
Where there are suspicions that an attorney might not be acting in the best interests of the donor, the OPG will arrange an investigation. If the OPG decides that formal action is required, and more generally if any disputes arise on subjects covered by the MCA, the matter is referred to the Court of Protection (CoP), which is part of the Family Division of the High Court and was set up under the MCA for this purpose. The role of the CoP in decision-making is complementary to that of the OPG in relation to matters of regulation and supervision.
The 'five rules'.
The guiding principles of the Act are set out in five rules, which indicate how the term 'capacity' (implying in this context mental capacity) is to be interpreted:
The test so defined is 'decision-specific'. It can indicate an answer to the question 'Can he any longer use a gas ring safely when unsupervised?', but does not allow for wider questions to be given a firm yes/no answer when the real answer is that he has restricted capacity and so can deal with some aspects but not others. As stated in an official summary of the Act, it is 'a single clear test for assessing whether a person lacks capacity to take a particular decision at a particular time'.
The role of the OPG in relation to lasting powers of attorney.
From the point of view of someone who needs (or may perhaps need) one or both LPAs, the Office of the Public Guardian should be the first point of contact. Its two key booklets are entitled 'Guidance for people who want to make a lasting power of attorney for…', respectively, 'Property and Financial Affairs' and 'Health and Welfare'. These booklets provide all the information required about the legal aspects of the LPA application procedure, and many but not all of the practical aspects as well; they are the source for the great majority of the material which follows here.
The booklets can be obtained in several ways:
Most users, particularly when completing an application form without previous experience of LPAs, will find the printed format an advantage.
As well as obtaining copies of the forms in these ways, copies may be downloaded or requested of other booklets and the corresponding application forms, such as those relating to registration and the payment of fees. Full information is on the appropriate website; first-time users will find it most convenient either to download or request by post a full set, covering everything needed for each LPA.
The OPG does not have its own website, but uses part of the main UK Government information site. 
A fee is payable at the time of registration: it is currently £110, or £220 for both LPAs, but exemption or reduction is allowed in defined cases.
An LPA is not only a legal document: it is a plan of action, to be put into effect in an ordinary family situation which may have its share of stresses and problems. Any such matters will affect the outcome, and so need to be taken into account in the drafting of the application. The primary source of help and advice for this process is the appropriate OPG booklet.
Using the Lasting Power of Attorney.
Once the donor has created a lasting power of attorney and it has been registered with the Office of the Public Guardian, the attorneys specified can in theory act on behalf of the donor, for example, paying the donor's bills, managing investments, and so on. However, in practice, this can prove much harder than it may sound. 
The powers granted by the property and financial affairs LPA require the relevant institution (for example, the bank or insurance company) to accept the power of attorney and allow the attorney to act. Many institutions, whilst in theory accepting the power, make it extremely difficult to put in practice. Many claim that this is to protect the donor or to comply with money laundering regulations, but whatever the reasons, it can make the whole process very challenging and stressful, especially if the donor themselves is by this time unable to support the process, for example, from failing mental capacity. 
Ways in which institutions can obstruct the process include:
Even once the authority of the attorney is accepted by the institution, they may choose to limit what the donor can do, for example by:
The only recourse in these cases is to complain first to the institution in question, and if this fails to the financial ombudsman. 
Both the Guardian and the Telegraph have reported on these challenges.

</doc>
<doc id="31174774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174774" title="Eurotroll">
Eurotroll

Eurotroll is a Swedish dubbing company based in Stockholm, the capital of Sweden. The company dubs content into a Swedish, Danish, Finnish, and Norwegian. The company is one of the few independent dubbing companies in Scandinavia. The company was founded in 1992 by Lasse Svensson. Before he founded Eurotroll, he was president of another dubbing named Media Dubb, which is unrelated to Eurotroll.The company dubs animation and videogames.

</doc>
<doc id="31174795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174795" title="Dogan Mehmet">
Dogan Mehmet

Dogan Mehmet (born in Brighton, England, on 31 March 1990) is a British stage performer and musician of Turkish Cypriot descent. Mehmet writes a mixture of English and Turkish Cypriot folk songs and tunes. He was a finalist in 2008's BBC Young Folk Awards; in the same year his EP "Unlimited" was released and his album "Gypsyhead" in November 2009. Mehmet attended Newcastle University to study Folk and Traditional Music from 2008-2013 and between this he was a member of the percussion group STOMP.
As of early 2013, Mehmet joined the London West End theatre production War Horse as songman.

</doc>
<doc id="31174821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174821" title="Maria Elisabeth of Holstein-Gottorp">
Maria Elisabeth of Holstein-Gottorp

Maria Elisabeth of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp (6 June 1634, Gottorp Castle – 17 June 1665, Darmstadt), was by marriage landgravine of Hesse-Darmstadt
Life.
Mary Elizabeth was a daughter of the Duke Frederick III of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp (1597–1659) from his marriage to Marie Elisabeth of Saxony (1610–1684), a daughter of the elector John George I of Saxony.
She married on 24 November 1650 at Gottorp Castle, Louis, who later became Landgrave Louis VI of Hesse-Darmstadt (1630–1678), whom she had engaged on his birthday in 1649. On the occasion of the wedding, the last sword dance in Hesse was performed at a festival in Lollar.
His father drew Louis into the government business in the year after their marriage in 1651. Louis succeeded his father in 1661. Louis tied extensive political relations with Sweden via Maria Elizabeth's sister Hedvig Eleonora Queen of Sweden. Marie Elisabeth had eight children; she died in 1665 in child birth. Her death plunged Louis into deep mourning. He wrote some poems in memory of his wife.
Offspring.
From her marriage, Marie Elisabeth had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="31174824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174824" title="58th (2/1st London) Division">
58th (2/1st London) Division

The 58th (2/1st London) Division was an infantry division of the British Army, which was active in World War I and recreated during World War II as an imaginary 'deception' formation.
World War I.
In late August 1914 the War Office issued instructions for all formations of the Territorial Force to form reserve units. The men who had agreed to serve overseas were separated from the rest. Those left as 'home service only' were formed into 'second line' units, to create this reserve. In the London area, the 1st London Division became the first-line formation, while the second-line formation was given the designation 2/1st London Division. When many of the 'first line' units of the senior 56th (1st London) Division were sent overseas, that Division was temporarily disbanded and the rest of its units joined the 'second line' in the 2/1st London Division. In August 1915, the number 58 was allocated to the 2/1st London Division.
World War II.
The division was 'reformed' as a 'phantom division' created as part of 'Operation Fortitude North' as a replacement for the British 3rd Infantry Division which was going south to take part in a D-Day rehearsal. Unlike other 'phantom divisions' the 58ths number was chosen on the basis of Ultra reports that showed the Germans believed a 58th Infantry Division existed in the vicinity of Windsor. 
As part of the British Fourth Army's, II Corps, the division took the role of a mountain trained assault formation in 'Fortitude North' (HQ: Aberlour) and the role of follow up unit in 'Fortitude South' (HQ: Gravesend). It was disposed of by announcing that the division had moved to Hertfordshire and been disbanded in April 1945.,
The formation's insignia, a stags face full on a black square was chosen to support the divisions fictional back-story, that it had been formed in the Scottish Highlands around cadres from combat experienced Highland regiments.,
Imaginary formations assigned to the division included the 173rd Infantry Brigade, 174th Infantry Brigade, 175th Infantry Brigade, and support units.

</doc>
<doc id="31174832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174832" title="Alexander Kaulbars">
Alexander Kaulbars

Baron Alexander Vasilyevich Kaulbars () (May 14, 1844 - January 25, 1925) was a general in the Imperial Russian Army during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and a noted explorer of Central Asia.
Biography.
Kaulbars was born in Mõdriku, present-day Estonia, and grew up in St. Petersburg. He came from a Baltic German noble family descended from the Swedish aristocratic family von Kaulbars of Swedish origin, which remained in Estonia after the country was ceded to Russia. Both his father and his brother rose to the rank of general in the Imperial Russian Army. He was educated at the Nikolaev Cavalry School. His first experience in combat was in 1861, while serving with the Egersky Guards Regiment in the suppression of the Polish Uprising. 
After graduating from the Nicholas General Staff Academy, Kaulbars was commissioned as a lieutenant, and was assigned to serve on the staff of the Turkestan Military District. He was promoted to senior aide in 1870, to the rank of lieutenant colonel in 1871, and to colonel in 1872. Soon after his arrival in Russian Turkestan, he explored the country beyond the Issyk-Kul into the Tien Shan mountains. His report was published as “Materials on the Geography of the Tien Shan”, and was awarded the gold medal by the Imperial Russian Geographical Society 
In 1870, he explored the Russian-Chinese border, surveying the summit of Khan Tengri and looking for mountain passes into Kashgar, which he visited in 1872 for negotiations on a commercial treaty with its ruler, Yaqub Beg.
In 1873, Kaulbars participated in the Russian conquest of the Khanate of Khiva under General Konstantin von Kaufman. During this expedition, he explored the delta and riverbed of the Amu Darya river, and located a navigable route to the Aral Sea. He also explored the dry riverbed of the Syr Darya, and the connections between both rivers, the Caspian Sea and Aral Sea, and the now dry Uzboy River. His research on these topics resulted in technical papers which were awarded a second gold medal by the Imperial Russian Geographical Society.
In 1874, Kaulbars was made Chief of Staff of the 8th Cavalry Division, a position which he held until his return to the General Staff in 1875. He participated in the Russo-Turkish War (1877-1878), and was promoted to major general in 1879, and given command of the 1st Brigade of the 14th Cavalry Division. From 1878-1879, he was a member of the committee for the demarcation of the borders of the new Kingdom of Serbia. 
In 1882, Kaulbars became the Minister of War for the Principality of Bulgaria, then a client state of the Empire of Russia. This state, semi-autonomous since the Russian victory sanctioned by the Treaty of San Stefano, was fighting for independence from the Ottoman Empire. He also concurrently commanded the 1st Brigade of the 1st Cavalry Division. The following year, became commander of the 15th Cavalry Division. 
Kaulbars was promoted to lieutenant general in 1891. In 1894, he was assigned command of the 2nd Cavalry Corps. This assignment was followed by command of the 2nd Siberian Army Corps in 1900, during which time he participated in the suppression of the Boxer Rebellion and Russian occupation of Manchuria. He was further promoted to General of Cavalry in 1901 and made Assistant Commander of the Odessa Military District. 
In October 1904, during the Russo-Japanese War, he became commander of the Russian 3rd Manchurian Army. Following the Battle of Sandepu, he was transferred to command the Russian 2nd Manchurian Army in February 1905. However, during the Battle of Mukden, his forces were outfought and outflanked by the Imperial Japanese Army and disintegrated in disarray. Kaulbars was wounded in a fall off his horse during the retreat. After the end of the war, he returned to command the Odessa Military District until December 23, 1909. During this period, he was noted for his strong support of the monarchy during the 1905 Russian Revolution. In December 1909, he returned to St. Petersburg as a member of the Military Council.
With the start of World War I, he was assigned as a commander of the Northwestern Front, and from October 1914 was placed in charge of all Russian military aviation activities. However, at the end of 1915, he was dismissed from military service. In 1916 he was appointed military governor of Odessa.
After the October Revolution, he moved to South Russia, where he joined an anti-Bolshevik Volunteer Army on October 15, 1918 despite his advanced age. He entered the reserves in 1919. With the collapse of the Armed Forces of South Russia, he was evacuated to Constantinople, and subsequently lived in exile in Bulgaria and France. He worked as an employee of a telegraph company in Paris until his death in 1925. His grave is at the Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31174840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174840" title="Anaïs Bescond">
Anaïs Bescond

Anaïs Bescond (born 15 May 1987) is a French biathlete and non-commissioned officer.
Bescond was born in Aunay-sur-Odon. She competed at the Biathlon World Championships 2011, and won a silver medal in the relay with the French team, a result repeated at the Biathlon World Championships 2012.
She won her first victory on the World Cup biathlon sprint at Antholz-Anterselva played on 16 January 2014.
Bescond competed in the 2014 Winter Olympics for France. Her best performance was two 5th places in the Individual and Sprint.
Record.
Individual victories.
"1 victory (1 Sp)" 

</doc>
<doc id="31174864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174864" title="Sophie Boilley">
Sophie Boilley

Sophie Boilley (born 18 December 1989) is a French biathlete and soldier.
Boilley was born in Valence, Drôme. She competed at the Biathlon World Championships 2011, and won a silver medal in the relay with the French team.

</doc>
<doc id="31174875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174875" title="John Obey Beach">
John Obey Beach

John Obey Beach (sometimes shortened to John Obey) is a village in Sierra Leone, south of Freetown, in the western peninsula region.
, the village has a population of 372.
In July 2010 the local community at John Obey formed a partnership with sustainable tourism organization Tribewanted and are together building an eco community at the beach. The project has up to 30 visitors staying at anyone time in earth bag domes, designed and constructed in partnership with Cal Earth, and taking part in community life.

</doc>
<doc id="31174912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174912" title="Common ordinary equity">
Common ordinary equity

Common Ordinary Equity (CEQ) represents the common shareholders' interest in the company. CEQ is a component of Shareholders' Equity Total (SEQ).
CEQ is the sum of:
less:
CEQ includes:

</doc>
<doc id="31174914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174914" title="Charles Handley-Read">
Charles Handley-Read

Charles Handley-Read (1916 – 15 October 1971) was an architectural writer and collector and the first serious 20th century student of the work of William Burges, "a pioneer in Burges studies who was the first to assess the historical brilliance of Burges as "gesamtkunstwerk" architect and designer."
Handley-Read was born in 1916 to a father who was a magazine illustrator and military artist and a mother who, beside being one of the first qualified female doctors and dentists, was a militant suffragette. In the thirties, he went up to Cambridge University to St Catharine's College to read architecture and, on graduation, became art master at his old school, Bryanston School. His career was interrupted by Second World War service as a conscientious objector, during which he worked at the epileptic colony at Lingfield, developing art therapy for the children.
On the resumption of his career, Handley-Read's architectural passion was Modernism and in 1951 he completed his monograph on ""The Art of Wyndham Lewis."" However, the subsequent, and different, course of his life was set when, in 1952, he saw the Exhibition of Victorian and Edwardian Decorative Arts at the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Following the exhibition, and his marriage to the devotee of Victorian sculpture Lavinia Stainton, Handley-Read "pinned all his hopes and dreams on one central, all-consuming passion: the work of William Burges." In the period between the First World War and the 1960s Victorian architecture reached its nadir of appreciation; "at best an unhappy interlude between Neo-Classicism and Modernism; at worst a period of grotesque bad taste, associated with religious cranks like Pugin and Socialist crackpots like Ruskin and William Morris." The desire for, and consequently the prices of, the Victorian decorative arts were therefore at an all-time low. Handley-Read and his wife, aided by a considerable inheritance, began to collect on an increasingly gargantuan scale. But whilst his collection expanded, his ability to write about the works he bought did not: "A lifetime spent struggling to write produced just seventeen articles." Realising his inability to write with meaning about the object of his passion, Handley-Read wrote to a friend, Joseph Mordaunt Crook; "Now look. You have just edited Eastlake's "Gothic Revival"...with complete success. You are well soaked in John Patrick Crichton-Stuart, 3rd Marquess of Bute. You know all about Smirke...why not do William Burges?...partnership is less than I am looking for. I want to hand the job over."
On 15 October 1971, Handley-Read committed suicide, followed by Lavinia on 9 December the same year. Their collection of Victorian artefacts was broken up at sale. Many pieces were bought by major museums such as the Victoria & Albert Museum and Birmingham City Art Gallery, as well as private collectors. The largest part of the collection to stay together was the 200 plus pieces purchased by the Cecil Higgins Art Gallery, Bedford, including William Burges's own bed and dressing table. 
Handley-Read's notes on William Burges were passed to Joseph Mordaunt Crook and became the basis of his seminal work on Burges, "William Burges and the High Victorian Dream".

</doc>
<doc id="31174969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174969" title="Fanny Welle-Strand Horn">
Fanny Welle-Strand Horn

Fanny Welle-Strand Horn (born 8 March 1988) is a Norwegian biathlete. She competed at the Biathlon World Championships 2011, where she placed sixth in the relay with the Norwegian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31175005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175005" title="Pomeroy College Basketball Ratings">
Pomeroy College Basketball Ratings

The Pomeroy College Basketball Ratings are a series of predictive ratings of men's college basketball teams published free-of-charge online by Ken Pomeroy. They were first published in 2003.
The system is based around the Pythagorean expectation, though it has some adjustments. Variations on the Pythagorean expectation are also used in basketball by noted statisticians Dean Oliver and John Hollinger. According to The New York Times, as of 2011, the Pomeroy College Basketball Ratings have a 73% success rate, which is 2% better than the Ratings Percentage Index.
Pomeroy is routinely mentioned on, or interviewed for, sports blogs, including ESPN's 'College Basketball Nation Blog, SB Nation, Basketball Prospectus, The Topeka Capital-Journal, Mediaite and The Wall Street Journal's 'Daily Fix'. He has also been a contributing writer for ESPN's "Insider" feature. In addition, his rating system has been mentioned in newspapers and sites including The New York Daily News,

</doc>
<doc id="31175030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175030" title="Chamarrita">
Chamarrita

Chamarrita can refer to two different types of music and dance, one from the Azores in Portugal and one from the Rio de la Plata littoral region in northern Argentina, Uruguay, and southern Brazil.
Azorean "Chamarrita".
The "chamarrita" from the Azores is a dance to a 3/4 rhythm traditionally played on the fiddle with or without accompaniment.
Littoral "Chamarrita".
The "chamarrita" from the Rio de la Plata region has been suggested to descend from the Azorean "chamarrita", but there is no conclusive evidence of this.
References.
"Fiddler Magazine" Spring 2007, pg. 13-14

</doc>
<doc id="31175034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175034" title="Nadzeya Pisarava">
Nadzeya Pisarava

Nadzeya Pisarava is a Belarusian biathlete. She competed at the Biathlon World Championships 2011, where she won a bronze medal in the relay with the Belarusian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31175056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175056" title="Q-system (geotechnical engineering)">
Q-system (geotechnical engineering)

The Q-system for rock mass classification is developed by Barton, Lien, and Lunde. It expresses the quality of the rock mass in the so-called "Q-value", on which are based design and support recommendations for underground excavations.
The Q-value is determined with 
The first term "RQD" "(Rock Quality Designation)" divided by "Jn (joint set number)" is related to the size of the intact rock blocks in the rock mass. The second term "Jr (joint roughness number)" divided by "Ja (joint alteration number)" is related to the shear strength along the discontinuity planes and the third term "Jw (joint water parameter)" divided by "SRF (stress reduction factor)" is related to the stress environment on the intact rock blocks and discontinuities around the underground excavation.
A multiplication of the three terms results in the "Q" parameter, which can range between 0.00006 for an exceptionally poor to 2666 for an exceptionally good rock mass. The numerical values of the class boundaries for the different rock mass qualities are subdivisions of the "Q" range on a logarithmic scale.
The Q-value determines the quality of the rock mass, but the support of an underground excavation is based not only on the "Q-value" but is also determined by the different terms in the above equation. This leads to a very extensive list of classes for support recommendations.

</doc>
<doc id="31175065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175065" title="Parchment craft">
Parchment craft

Parchment Craft, also known as "Pergamano", is the art of embellishing and decorating parchment paper (or vellum paper) through the use of techniques such as: embossing, perforating, stippling, cutting and coloring.
Parchment Craft has been predominately used in the making of cards (religious devotional cards, greeting cards and gift cards) but the techniques are being applied to related items such as bookmarks and picture frames as well as 3-dimensional sculptural paper projects such as ornaments and boxes.
History.
Historians believe that parchment craft originated as an art form in Europe during the 15th or 16th century. Parchment craft at that time occurred principally in Catholic communities, where crafts persons created lace-like items such as devotional pictures and communion cards. The craft developed over time, with new techniques and refinements being added. Until the 16th century, parchment craft was a European art form. However, missionaries and other settlers relocated to South America, taking parchment craft with them. As before, the craft appeared largely among the Catholic communities. Often, young girls receiving their First Communion received gifts of handmade parchment crafts.
Although the invention of the printing press led to a reduced interest in hand made cards and items, by the 18th century, people were regaining interest in detailed handwork. Parchment cards became larger in size and crafters began adding wavy borders and perforations. In the 19th century, influenced by French romanticism, parchment crafters began adding floral themes and cherubs and hand embossing.
Tools.
There are many tools involved in Parchment Craft; each has its specific purpose and use.
Mapping pen.
Designs are traced onto parchment using a "mapping pen" and acrylic ink (usually white, but various colors are used to accent purposes). A mapping pen uses a nib which is dipped in ink.
White pencil.
Designs can also be traced onto the parchment using a white pencil. This technique is usually used for very fine lines that will be directly traced over during the embossing process. The white pencil is used in this case because if one was to trace directly over an inked line, it would become black.
Embossing tools.
Embossing tools come in many sizes. The larger the tool the softer the embossing and the "greyer" the color of the embossed shape; the smaller the tool the "whiter" and more "satiny" the color of the embossed shape. The tips of these tools also are made with different materials, some plastic-for lighter embossing- and some steel-for the brighter whites. The tools range from "large ball" to "extra fine ball" and a "stylus" (for very fine lines and intricate details).
Needle tools.
Needle tools are sometimes used for embossing details, but mostly are used for perforating to make decorative, lace-like patterns. Needle tools have either single or multiple points and are used for different purposes. A single needle tool is used for embossing or stippling. A 2 needle tool is used for even perforations for marking areas which are to be cut with scissors. A 4 needle tool is square-shaped and a necessity for classic lace patterns. 3,5,7 and half-circle needle tools are used for decorative additions to lace patterns. A scissors is used in combination with needle tools to cut crosses and slots into the patterning.
Embossing and perforating pads.
These pads are to be used as support whenever pressure is placed upon the parchment. For embossing a soft pad is required to provide even support. For perforating a felt pad is used.
Coloring tools.
To color Parchment Craft work many media can be used such as: 
Techniques.
Tracing.
This is the first step in any Parchment Craft project. Tracing creates the guidelines for the areas of the design that are to be embossed. Tracing is done using the mapping pen and ink. Parchment has two sides-one with a smooth surface and one with a rough surface; tracing is done on the side with the rough surface because the ink more easily adheres to this type of surface. When tracing the mapping pen should be allowed to glide easily over the parchment, no pressure should be used as this increases the amount of ink that is dispersed from the nib and may also create an unintentional embossment.
Embossing.
Embossing is the process of creating raised relief within one's design. Embossing is used to create both concave and convex shapes by alternating the side on which the embossing is performed. Using the embossing tools and appropriate embossing pad, the parchment is rubbed backwards and forwards or side to side in parallel movements with increasing downward pressure so that the parchment can be evenly stretched. A finished embossment will be satin-white in color and will contrast with the translucency of the parchment paper. Color can be varied by moderating the level to which the shape is embossed. Fine lines and hatching can be obtained by embossing with the stylus tool.
Stippling.
The single needle tool is used for stippling. Stippling is a technique used for generating a matte white surface to areas or for fine detail work such as the centers of flowers. To create a matte white surface the parchment is first lightly embossed and then small holes are perforated on the parchment in very close proximity. The perforation is done using a cardboard pad rather than a felt pad so that the needle will not pierce through the parchment, but rather create an embossed dot.
Perforating.
Perforating is used to create decorative and special lace patterns in Parchment Craft. Minimal tracing is required when perforating; designs are usually created by taping the parchment over a pattern and perforating directly over it. Various needle tools are used in the perforating technique. Perforating is also used to create edging and borders or to denote guidelines for cutting.
Cutting.
Cutting is used in combination with perforating. Cutting is used with the 2 needle tool to remove shapes from the design; it is used with the 4 needle tool to create crosses and strips within a lace pattern.
Coloring.
Coloring is a technique that gained popularity in Parchment Craft in the 20th century; before this, Parchment Craft was originally only white work. There are many methods for coloring Parchment Craft work. One of the most popular is "dorsing". Dorsing creates a soft background color for embossed shapes or the areas around them. Color is applied in the dorsing process using oil pastels or Dorso crayons which are rubbed on and then blended using paper toweling and odorless mineral spirits or an oil based medium such as linseed or lavender oil. For coloring that is applied to the parchment in entirety, the coloring is done before any tracing or embossing. If color is to be added to small areas, dorsing would be applied in a similar manner to specific areas before the embossing process. Dorsing can also be done using other coloring media such as felt-tip pens/markers, watercolor pencils, acrylic paints or inks.

</doc>
<doc id="31175097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175097" title="Alaska-Aleutian megathrust">
Alaska-Aleutian megathrust

The Alaska-Aleutian megathrust is a thrust fault that runs for 3,600 km from near Kamchatka in the west to the Gulf of Alaska in the east. It forms the interface between the subducting Pacific Plate and the overriding North American Plate. Movement on the megathrust has been responsible for several great historical earthquakes including the M 9.2 1964 Alaska earthquake, M 8.7 1965 Rat Islands earthquake and the M 8.6 1957 Andreanof Islands earthquake, each of them triggering large tsunamis.

</doc>
<doc id="31175105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175105" title="Tullycorrbet">
Tullycorrbet

The Parish of Tullycorbet lies in the centre of Co. Monaghan, Ireland with the town of Ballybay as its hub, flanked by the rural divisions of Tullycorbet and Ballintra. At the 2005 census it had 727 Catholic households with a Catholic population of 2,153. There are approximately 85 families of other faith traditions.
Tradition links the parish to St. Patrick. Tullycorbet, which means The Hill of the Chariot, was named after the steep hill at Terrygeely, where St. Patrick’s chariot allegedly broke down on his journey through the kingdom of Oriel. It was probably on the same hill that the fist church was built, on the site of a ringed fort. From earliest times St. Patrick was recognised as the patron saint. A Roman letter of 1415 mentions the church of St. Patrick at Tullycorbet.
It is marked on a survey map of 1591 as Tempell Tolagh-Corbet.

</doc>
<doc id="31175133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175133" title="Dai-ichi">
Dai-ichi

The phrase is also used without the hyphen, as daiichi.
Dai-ichi is frequently used in proper names, hence capitalized; also Dai-Ichi and occasionally Dai Ichi. There is a sound-alike common first name with different spelling.
Related phrases.
Dai-ni (第二) means "number two" or "second", using two parallel bars (二) or "2" for "ni"; also daini
Dai-san (第三) means "number three" or "third", using three parallel bars (三) or "3" for "san"
And continuing for 4, 5, 6, etc.
"Dai" meaning "number" is distinct from.
A common first name usually given for the first born boy, is a kind of play with the sound-alike 第一 (number one) and 大智 (big and wise).

</doc>
<doc id="31175135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175135" title="Conrad N. Jordan">
Conrad N. Jordan

Conrad N. Jordan (April 20, 1830 – February 26, 1903) was a United States banker who was Treasurer of the United States from 1885 to 1887.
Biography.
Conrad N. Jordan was born in New York City on April 20, 1830. He joined a printing office at age thirteen and became trained as a compositor. He worked as a compositor until 1852, when he became a clerk at the Hanover Bank of New York. He worked his way up the ranks at the Hanover Bank of New York until he had become the bank's general bookkeeper. He later moved to Fishkill, New York, to work in a leadership position in a bank there. Early in his career, Jordan became acquainted with Samuel J. Tilden and would have a longstanding business relationship and friendship with Tilden. When the National Western Bank of New York was created in 1864, Jordan became its cashier. Jordan became known as an expert in the field of public accounting and currency exchange. In the wake of Black Friday (1869), Jordan was auditor to the receiver of the Gold Exchange Bank.
In 1880, partially because of his connection with Tilden, Jordan became Treasurer of the New York, Ontario and Western Railway. During this period, he unsuccessfully lobbied the New York State Legislature to create an entity to be known as the United States Exchange and Transfer Company to function as a nationwide clearing house.
A Democrat, Jordan supported Grover Cleveland in the 1884 presidential election and worked with the campaign team drawing up plans to reform the United States Department of the Treasury. Following the appointment of Daniel Manning as United States Secretary of the Treasury, Cleveland nominated Jordan to be Treasurer of the United States to implement the plans he had drawn up. He served as Treasurer of the United States from May 1, 1885 to March 23, 1887.
In 1887, Jordan became President of the Western National Bank of New York. There, he led the bank's involvement with the Pell-Simmons syndicate in its attempts to capture the Sixth National Bank.
President Cleveland named Jordan Assistant Treasurer of the United States in April 1893. Following the election of William McKinley in the 1896 presidential election, a number of leading bankers, including McKinley's new Treasury Secretary, Lyman J. Gage, urged McKinley to retain Jordan as Assistant Treasurer of the United States. He was consequently re-appointed in April 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="31175136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175136" title="2001 Walker Cup">
2001 Walker Cup

The 2001 Walker Cup, the 38th Walker Cup Match, was played on August 11 and 12, 2001, at Ocean Forest Golf Club in Sea Island, Georgia. The event was won by Great Britain and Ireland 15 to 9, marking the first time that Great Britain & Ireland retained the Cup (i.e., had two consecutive wins).
Format.
The format for play on Saturday and Sunday was the same. There were four matches of foursomes in the morning and eight singles matches in the afternoon. In all, 24 matches were played.
Each of the 24 matches is worth one point in the larger team competition. If a match is all square after the 18th hole extra holes are not played. Rather, each side earns ½ a point toward their team total. The team that accumulates at least 12½ points wins the competition. If the two teams are tied, the previous winner retains the trophy.
Teams.
Ten players for the USA and Great Britain & Ireland participate in the event plus one non-playing captain for each team.

</doc>
<doc id="31175141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175141" title="“Women are wonderful” effect">
“Women are wonderful” effect

The “women are wonderful” effect is the phenomenon found in psychological research which suggests that people associate more positive attributes with the general social category of women compared to men. This effect reflects an emotional bias toward the female gender as a general case. The phrase was coined by after finding that both male and female participants tend to assign exceptionally positive traits to the female gender (males are also viewed positively, though not quite as positively), with female participants showing a far more pronounced bias. The authors supposed that the positive general evaluation of women might derive from the association between women and nurturing characteristics.
Empirical support.
In a review conducted by , strong evidence was found that women are evaluated quite favorably as a general social category, and significantly more favorably than men. In the experiment, over 300 college students (both men and women) evaluated the social categories of men and women, relating the traits and expectations of each gender through interviews, emotion-associations and free-response measures. Supporting this effect, words regarded as positive, such as “happy”, “good”, and “paradise”, were more readily ascribed to women more than men.
These studies also found that people automatically favored their mothers over their fathers, and associated male gender with violence or aggression. suggest that maternal bonding and male intimidation influence gender attitudes. In another part of the study, adults’ attitudes were measured based on their reactions to categories associated with sexual relations. It revealed that the more sexual encounters a man had, the greater the likelihood of him sharing the positively-biased perception of women.

</doc>
<doc id="31175142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175142" title="Yasmin Lucas">
Yasmin Lucas

Laís Yasmin Lucas Gontijo (Cuiabá, 16 December 1990) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter.
Biography.
Yasmin Lucas began her career with 5 years of age by recording music for a Brazilian soap opera, in 2004 Yasmin traveled to Greece to record the theme song of Beijing Paralympic Games in Brazil and the Brazilian is considered one of the best singers.
In 2008, Yasmin Lucas represented Brazil in the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival in New Orleans singing the song "Fever" and impress many critics of music, recorded music that was the subject of the movie Pokémon became known in Europe due to the overwhelming success of the music Acontece Esquece, and made her name in the international market to sing with Alex Band former lead singer of The Calling.
Discography.
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="31175275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175275" title="Second Battle of Brega">
Second Battle of Brega

The Second Battle of Brega was a battle during the Libyan civil war. More than 10 days earlier, anti-Gaddafi forces beat back an attempt by loyalist forces to take the town on 2 March 2011, in the First Battle of Brega. Following that battle, rebel forces advanced along the Libyan Coastal Highway, taking the towns of Ra's Lanuf and Bin Jawad. However, after the Battle of Bin Jawad and the Battle of Ra's Lanuf, government troops retook all of the territory lost and were once again threatening Brega by mid-March.
The Battle.
On 13 March, regime's forces, advancing from Ra's Lanuf, succeeded in retaking Brega, though that night reports indicated that fighting was still ongoing and rebels possibly still controlled portions of the town. Reportedly, the rebels re-entered the town and heavy fighting ensued, after which government troops retreated to Brega's airport. However, just an hour later, it was stated that loyalist forces had pushed back rebel troops from the town to aj-Ojela, 20 kilometers east of Brega.
By the morning of 14 March, rebel forces were holding the residential district and loyalist forces were holding the oil facilities.
On 15 March, rebel forces had abandoned Brega and were in full retreat towards Ajdabiya. Ajdabiya itself came under ground attack just a few hours later, marking the beginning of the Battle of Ajdabiya.
Aftermath.
On 26 March, after loyalists lost Ajdabiya and retreated further down the coast, rebel forces recaptured Brega. A few days later, loyalist troops returned again, recapturing the city after a prolonged battle with rebel forces.

</doc>
<doc id="31175298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175298" title="Cabinet of Sudan">
Cabinet of Sudan

The Cabinet of Sudan is the chief executive body of the Republic of Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="31175300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175300" title="Karl May Festival in Bad Segeberg">
Karl May Festival in Bad Segeberg


</doc>
<doc id="31175302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175302" title="Richmond Lewis">
Richmond Lewis

Richmond Lewis is an American painter who worked briefly as a comic book colorist. She is married to David Mazzucchelli. Coloring was a sideline from her main career as a painter, and occurred mainly because Mazzucchelli wanted to bring Lewis into his world of comics.

</doc>
<doc id="31175306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175306" title="Douglas Parkhill">
Douglas Parkhill

Douglas F. Parkhill is a Canadian technologist and former research minister, best known for his pioneering work on what is now called cloud computing, and his work on Canada's Telidon videotex project.
He started working at the Canadian ministry of Communications (now part of the Department of Trade and Industry) in 1969, having previously worked at the Mitre Corporation. He was responsible for many activities in communications satellites, computer communications, command and control systems and telecommunications. He was winner of the Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat's Outstanding Achievement award in 1982, the Conestoga shield for services to government and industry in computer communications research and development, the Touche Ross award for Telidon development.
He was an author of several publications including the 1966 book, "The Challenge of the Computer Utility". In the book, Parkhill thoroughly explored many of the modern-day characteristics of cloud computing (elastic provisioning through a utility service) as well as the comparison to the electricity industry and the use of public, private, government and community forms. The book won the McKinsey Foundation award for distinguished contributions to management literature.
He worked with Dave Godfrey, the Canadian writer and novelist on a later book "Gutenberg two" about the social and political meaning of computer technology.
He was in charge of research at the Federal Department of Communications at the time when the department was funding development of the Telidon videotext system, was heavily involved in promoting the system, and had overall control of the program. In a radio broadcast in 1980, he outlined some of the potential of the system, from financial information, to theatre reservations, with the ability to pay and print out tickets from the system. He later documented the history of the Telidon project, and the history of videotex in general.

</doc>
<doc id="31175307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175307" title="Robin Hunicke">
Robin Hunicke

Robin Hunicke (born March 15, 1973) is an American video game designer and producer, and co-founder of Funomena. She is also finishing a PhD in Computer Science at Northwestern University where she is researching artificial intelligence and game design.
Hunicke began her career at Electronic Arts where she worked on multiple games including MySims as Lead Designer and Boom Blox and its sequel as a Producer. After leaving EA, she was hired by thatgamecompany where she produced Journey, an online cooperative game for the PlayStation 3. After its completion, Hunicke joined Tiny Speck to develop the social MMORPG Glitch, teaming with Katamari Damacy creator and personal friend Keita Takahashi. Prior to the release of Glitch, Hunicke left Tiny Speck to co-found Funomena together with Martin Middleton, former teammate and engineer at thatgamecompany. In October 2012, Funomena announced their first project: "to build a game that takes data from a pedometer and does something fun with it." 
Hunicke is recognized in the industry for her support of independent game development, experimentation in game design, research in dynamic difficulty adjustment, and the advocacy of women within the games industry.
Early life and education.
Hunicke was born on March 15, 1973 in Albany, New York. She holds a B.A. degree from the University of Chicago and is finishing a PhD in Artificial Intelligence with a focus on Games and Game Design from Northwestern University.
Career.
Electronic Arts.
Hunicke began her work with Electronic Arts at Maxis, where she became a designer for ' after meeting famed game designer and Sims director Will Wright. Following her work on "The Sims 2", Hunicke went on to become the lead designer for "MySims" on the Nintendo Wii, and later, was a producer for "Boom Blox" and its sequel, '.
thatgamecompany.
Following her work at Electronic Arts, Hunicke joined thatgamecompany as producer. She joined the team in the early conceptual stages for the studio's third project Journey, a multiplayer cooperative adventure game released in early 2012.
Tiny Speck.
After the release of Journey, Hunicke left thatgamecompany to join Tiny Speck to continue development of their social MMORPG Glitch.
Funomena.
Prior to the release of Glitch, Hunicke left Tiny Speck to co-found Funomena together with Martin Middleton. They announced their first project in October 2012: "to build a game that takes data from a pedometer and does something fun with it." 
Conferences and events.
Hunicke contributes to various video game industry conferences and events throughout the year. She is an organizer of the annual Game Design Workshop at the Game Developer's Conference, where she teaches with designers Doug Church, Marc LeBlanc, Frank Lantz, Stone Librande, Clint Hocking and others. Hunicke is also an organizer of the Experimental Gameplay Sessions at GDC with Jonathan Blow, Doug Church, and Chris Hecker. Many successful games have made their first public appearance at the session, including Jonathan Blow's "Braid" and Valve's "Portal". Hunicke is also an organizer of IndieCade, an annual festival dedicated to independent game development.
Hunicke is a founding member of the IGDA Education SIG, helps with the Global Game Jam, teaches at USC, and is a judge for the Independent Games Festival.
Research.
In her studies, Hunicke researches Dynamic Difficulty Adjustment. She is also interested in how "the notions of fate, meaning, and consequence can be communicated via video games".
MDA framework.
From 2001 to 2004, Hunicke, Marc LeBlanc, and Robert Zubeck created the Mechanics-Dynamics-Aesthetics framework to focus and improve game analysis. The framework categorizes the many aspects of a game as Mechanics, Dynamics, or Aesthetics, and outlines the inverse perspectives of designer and player. From the perspective of the designer, the Mechanics generate Dynamics which generate Aesthetics. From the perspective of the player, the player experiences the game through the Aesthetics, which are provided by Dynamics that emerge from Mechanics.
Awards and recognition.
On May 21, 2008, Hunicke was chosen for Gamasutra's "Gamasutra 20", "honoring the Top 20 women working in the video game industry". In 2009, Microsoft awarded Hunicke the Women in Gaming Award for Design. She also earned a spot on the Hot 100 Game Developers of 2009 list by Edge Magazine.
To date, the various titles Hunicke has worked on have garnered many awards, such as the "Online Innovation Award" for Journey at the Game Developers Choice Online Awards and a BAFTA award for "Best Casual Game of 2008" for Boom Blox.

</doc>
<doc id="31175317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175317" title="List of traditional Chinese medicines">
List of traditional Chinese medicines

In traditional Chinese medicine, there are roughly 13,000 medicinals used in China and over 100,000 medicinal recipes recorded in the ancient literature. Plant elements and extracts are the most common elements used in medicines. In the classic "Handbook of Traditional Drugs" from 1941, 517 drugs were listed - 442 were plant parts, 45 were animal parts, and 30 were minerals.
Herbal medicine, as used in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM), came to widespread attention in the United States in the 1970s. At least 40 states in the United States license practitioners of Oriental medicine, and there are about 50 colleges of Oriental medicine in the United States today.
In Japan, the use of TCM herbs and herbal formulas is traditionally known as Kampo, literally "Han Chinese Medical Formulas". Many Kampo combinations are manufactured in Japan on a large scale by reputable manufacturers.
In Korea, more than 5000 herbs and 7000 herbal formulas are used in Traditional Korean Medicine for the prevention and treatment of ailments. These are herbs and formulas that are traditionally Korean or derived from, or are used in TCM.
In Vietnam, traditional medicine comprises Thuoc Bac (Northern Medicine) and Thuoc Nam (Southern Medicine). Only those who can understand Chinese characters could diagnose and prescribe remedies in Northern Medicine. The theory of Northern Medicine is based on the Yin-Yang interactions and the eight trigrams, as used in Chinese Medicine. Herbs such as Gleditsia are used in both Traditional Vietnamese Medicine and TCM.
Ginseng is the most broadly used substance for the most broad set of alleged cures. Powdered pre-calcified antler, horns, teeth, and bones are second in importance to ginseng, with claims ranging from curing cancer to improving immune system function to curing impotence.
Mammals.
Human parts and excreta.
Human body parts and excreta are currently used in TCM medicines and are included in its new textbooks and handbooks, such as licorice in human feces, dried human placenta, finger nails, child's urine, hair, and urinary sediments ("Hominis Urinae Sedimentum", Ren Zhong Bai). The current consumption of human parts is considered cannibalism by some. Other parts include pubic hair, flesh, blood, bone, semen, and menstrual blood. The classic Meteria medica (Bencao Gangmu) describes the use of 35 human body parts and extreta in medicines, such as bones, fingernail, hairs, dandruff, earwax, impurities on the teeth, feces, urine, sweat, organs, but most are no longer in use.
Also listed are human breath and the "soul of criminals that were hanged", which is considered under TCM to be a material object resembling pine charcoal dug out of the ground beneath the body shortly after a hanged criminal died, but many are no longer in use.
There is considerable controversy about the ethics of use of criminals for body parts, using humans as commodities, and consumption of human body parts which some consider to be cannibalism.
Dried human placenta.
Human placenta is believed to be sweet, salty, and warm, so it is dried and believed to treat impotence, infertility due to cold sperm or deficiency, and female infertility because of uterine coldness, chronic cough, asthma, and insomnia, and marketed as such.
Human feces and urine.
The contemporary use of licorice in prepared human feces is known as ""Radix glycyrrhizae" Cum Excremento Hominis Praeparatum" (Ren Zhong Huang). Human urine sediment is called Hominis Urinae Sedimentum (ren zhong bai ). Both Ren Zhong Huang and Ren Zhong Bai are used to treat acute inflammatory conditions in oral cavity sores in children due to mycotic or fungal infection, and that their observations have confirmed this.
In Traditional Chinese medicine, human feces is used in a decoction of licorice. These feces-licorice decoctions have been found to have a profound difference in pharmacokinetics regarding glycyrrhizin as compared to not so decocted. and that associated bacteria may produce an antitumor effect and an autoimmune boosting effect. Depending on preparation, human feces may protect against cell damage caused by hydrogen peroxide due a byproduct of fecal bacteria.
Human penis.
According to Li Shizhen:
Human penis is believed under TCM to stop bleeding, and as with other TCM medicines, the basis for belief in its therapeutic effects is anecdotal and not based on the scientific method; Li Shizhen, author of the greatest pharmacological work in pre-modern China, the Bencao Gangmu materia medica, objected to use of human penis, but cited the anecdotal evidence and included it in the Bencao Gangmu, which is still a standard reference today.
Human pubic hair.
Human pubic hair ("shady hair") was claimed to cure snakebite, difficult birth, abnormal urination, and "yin and yang disorder", which is a disease unique to TCM based on its views of sexual behavior.
Ass-hide glue pellets.
Glue made from the hide of donkeys is made into pellets for use in making teas.
Deer Penis.
Deer penis is commonly sold in Chinese pharmacies. and served in specialized restaurants such as the Guo Li Zhuang restaurant in Beijing. The deer penis is typically very large and, under TCM it must be extracted from the deer whilst still alive. Often it is then sliced into small pieces, typically by women and then roasted and dried in the sun and then preserved while the deer looks on.
China banned deer penis during the 2008 Summer Olympics. Under TCM it is believed that deer penis wine is an effective remedy for athletic injuries, to enhance male virility, and to be an aphrodisiac.
Flying squirrel feces.
Flying squirrel feces is used to "invigorate" the blood and dry-fried to stop bleeding.
The text "Chinese Medical Herbology and Pharmacology" notes that flying squirrel feces has a ""distinct odor"" that ""may decrease patient compliance"" with ingesting it.
It is believed to have uses for amenorrhea, menses pain, postpartum abdominal pain, epigastric pain, and chest pain. It is boiled in a decoction with other herbs prior to ingestion. If it is to be used in a formula to stop bleeding (dark purple uterine bleeding with clots, retained lochia due to stasis), it is dry fried prior to making the decoction. Flying squirrel feces has been associated with typhus fever.
Rhinoceros horn.
Endangered rhinoceros horn is used as an antifever agent, because it is believed to "cool the blood". The black market in rhinoceros horn decimated the world's rhino population by more than 90 percent over the past 40 years.
Tiger penis.
"Medicinal" tiger parts from poached animals include tiger penis, believed to improve virility, and tiger eyes. Laws protecting even critically endangered species such as the Sumatran Tiger fail to stop the display and sale of these items in open markets.
Reptiles and amphibians.
Snake oil.
Snake oil is the most widely known Chinese medicine in the west, due to extensive marketing in the west in the late 1800s and early 1900s, and wild claims of its efficacy to treat many maladies. Snake oil is a traditional Chinese medicine used to treat joint pain by rubbing it on joints as a liniment.
It is claimed that this is "plausible" because oils from snakes are higher in eicosapentaenoic acid than some other sources. But there are no replicated studies showing that rubbing it on joints has any positive effect, or that drinking it in sufficient quantity to get an effect from the acid is not dangerous because of the many other compounds in the oil.
Toad secretions.
Toad ("Bufo spp.") secretions are an ingredient used in Traditional Chinese teas and have been found to be highly toxic and possibly lethal.
Toad-headed gecko.
Toad headed gecko (ge jie) is gutted and beheaded then dried and crushed, to treat asthma, impotence, improve male endurance, and treat coughs and colds.
Turtle shell.
Widespread medicinal use of turtle plastron is of concern to conservationists.
Marine life.
Seahorse.
Seahorse ("hai ma") is a fundamental ingredient in therapies for a variety of disorders, including asthma, arteriosclerosis, incontinence, impotence, insomnia, thyroid disorders, skin ailments, broken bones, heart disease, throat infections, abdominal pain, sores, skin infections; it is also used as an aphrodisiac and to facilitate childbirth. As many as 20 million seahorses per year may be used for TCM purposes. In one study, 58 seahorse samples were collected from various TCM vendors in Taiwan, and of the eight species found, seven were vulnerable, and one was endangered.
Shark fin soup.
Shark fin soup is traditionally regarded as beneficial for health in East Asia, and its status as an elite dish has led to huge demand with the increase of affluence in China, devastating shark populations.
Insects.
Beetle.
Chinese beetle ("Mylabris phalerata", Ban mao) is believed under TCM to treat skin lesions, because it causes them. It contains the toxic chemical cantharidin.
Centipede.
Powdered centipede (wu gong) is believed under TCM to treat lockjaw, seizures, convulsions, skin lesions, and pain. It is toxic.
Hornets nest.
Hornets nest (lu feng fang) is used to treat skin disorders and ringworm. It may be toxic.
Leech.
Leech (shui zhi) is used in TCM to treat amenorrhea, abdominal and chest pain, and constipation. It is toxic and so is believed under TCM to treat toxics.
Scorpion.
Dried scorpions (Chinese: 全蠍, Pinyin:"quan xie") may be ground into a powder and mixed with water. Powdered scorpion is toxic and is used to treat other toxins. A scorpion venom was found to block bone loss, and may be useful to those with periodontal disease and arthritis.
Medicines made from fungus.
Various fungi are used in TCM. Some may contain dangerous toxins, such as the mycotoxin 3-nitropropionic acid.
Supernatural mushroom.
The supernatural mushroom (lingzhi mushroom, Chinese "linh chi" = "supernatural mushroom", "reishi mushroom" in Japan) encompasses several fungal species of the genus "Ganoderma", and most commonly refers to the closely related species, "Ganoderma lucidum" and "Ganoderma tsugae". "G. lucidum" enjoys special veneration in East Asia, where it has been used as a medicinal mushroom in traditional Chinese medicine for more than 2,000 years, making it one of the oldest mushrooms known to have been used medicinally. Today, the ling zhi mushroom is used in a herbal formula designed to minimize the side effects of chemotherapy.
Extracts of ling zhi are used as a commercial pharmaceutical to suppress cancer cell proliferation and migration, although the mechanisms by which this is achieved are unknown.
Cosmetics and skincare.
Tremella fuciformis is used as a beauty product by women in China and Japan as it reportedly increases moisture retention in the skin and prevents senile degradation of micro-blood vessels in the skin, reducing wrinkles and smoothing fine lines. Other anti-ageing effects come from increasing the presence of superoxide dismutase in the brain and liver; it is an enzyme that acts as a potent antioxidant throughout the body, particularly in the skin. 
Plants.
There are thousands of herbs that are used as medicines. The following list of herbs represents a very small portion of the pharmacopoeia.
Aconite root.
Aconite root (wolfsbane) is a root commonly used in TCM. It was once so commonly used it was called "the King of the 100 Herbs".
Aconite root contains what is called "the Queen of Poisons", the highly toxic neurotoxin aconitine. There is no antidote. It is quickly absorbed via mucous membranes, but also via skin. Respiratory paralysis, in very high doses also cardiac arrest, leads to death. A few minutes after ingestion paresthesia starts, which includes tingling in the oral region. This extends to the whole body, starting from the extremities. Anesthesia, sweating and cooling of the body, nausea and vomiting and other similar symptoms follow. Sometimes there is strong pain, accompanied by cramps, or diarrhea.
When a person has a negative reaction to the highly toxic aconite root, some proponents of classical Chinese medicine think that this is because it was either processed incorrectly or planted on the wrong place or on the wrong day of the year, i.e., for supernatural or astrological reasons, not because of the toxins.
The Chinese also used Aconitum poisons both for hunting and for warfare.
Birthwort.
Birthworts are plants in the genus "Aristolochia" used many for conditions, including hypertension, haemorrhoids, and colic. Birthwort has also been linked to Balkan endemic nephropathy.
Camellia.
Camellia tea from India, Sri Lanka, Java, Japan is used in TCM for aches and pains, digestion, depression, detoxification, as an energizer and, to prolong life.
Cayenne.
Cayenne is believed under TCM to be a prophylactic medicine.
Chinese cucumber.
Chinese cucumber (Trichosanthes kirilowii) is believed to treat tumors, reduce fevers, swelling and coughing, abscesses, amenorrhea, jaundice, and polyuria.
Extracts are extremely toxic. Side effects include hormone changes, allergic reaction, fluid in the lungs or brain, bleeding in the brain, heart damage, seizures, and fever.
Chrysanthemum flowers.
Chrysanthemum flowers (Ju Hua ) are used in TCM to treat headaches, fever, dizziness and dry eyes. It is also used in certain beverages.
Chrysanthemum flowers are believed to "brighten the eyes, pacify the liver, break blood, clear heat, stop dysentery, disperse wind, relieve toxicity, and regulate the center".
Cocklebur fruit.
Cocklebur fruit (Xanthium, cang er zi) is one of the most important herbs in TCM, which believes it can be used to treat sinus congestion, chronic nasal obstructions and discharges, and respiratory allergies.
Xanthium is toxic and causes vomiting, diarrhea and abdominal pain.
Crow dipper.
Crow dipper (sheng ban xia, Pinellia ternata) is believed under TCM to be the strongest of all TCM herbs for removing phlegm even though crow dipper is highly toxic to humans.
The constituents of this herb include methionine, glycine, ß-aminobutyric acid, gamma-aminobutyric acid, alkaloids 1-ephedrine and trigonelline, phytosterol and glucoronic acid.
Croton seed.
Croton seed ("Croton tiglium") is used in TCM to treat gastrointestinal disorders, convulsions, and skin lesions. It is often used with rhubarb, dried ginger and apricot seed. Croton contains cancer causing chemicals.
Dioscorea Root.
In TCM, Dioscorea Root (Radix Dioscorea, "Huai Shan Yao" or "Shan Yao" in Chinese), benefits both the "Yin" and "Yang", and is used to "tonify" the lungs, spleen and kidney. It can "be used in large amounts and 30g is suggested when treating diabetes". If taken habitually, it "brightens the intellect and prolongs life".
Ginger.
Ginger root ("Zingiber officinale") has been used in China for over 2,000 years to treat indigestion, upset stomach, diarrhea, and nausea. TCM also teaches that it helps treat arthritis, colic, diarrhea, and heart conditions. Traditional Chinese medicine believes that it treats the common cold, flu-like symptoms, headaches, and menstrual cramps. Today, health care professionals commonly recommend ginger to help prevent or treat nausea and vomiting associated with motion sickness, pregnancy, and cancer chemotherapy. It is also used as a digestive aid for mild stomach upset, as support in inflammatory conditions such as arthritis, and may even be used in heart disease or cancer.
Ginkgo.
"Ginkgo biloba" seeds are crushed and believed under TCM to treat asthma. Ginkgo has been used in TCM for nearly 5,000 years. Further studies to establish the efficacy both as used in TCM and for proposed uses as evidence-based medicine are required.
Ginseng.
Ginseng root is the most widely sold traditional Chinese medicine. The name "ginseng" is used to refer to both American (Panax quinquefolius) and Asian or Korean ginseng (Panax ginseng), which belong to the species Panax and have a similar chemical makeup. Siberian ginseng or Eleuthero (Eleutherococcus senticosus) is another type of plant. Asian ginseng has a light tan, gnarled root that often looks like a human body with stringy shoots for arms and legs. In ancient times, herbalists thought that because of the way ginseng looks it could treat many different kinds of syndromes, from fatigue and stress to asthma and cancer. In traditional Chinese medicine, ginseng was often combined with other herbs and used often to bring longevity, strength, and mental alacrity to its users. Asian ginseng is believed to enhance the immune system in preventing and treating infection and disease. Several clinical studies report that Asian ginseng can improve immune function. Studies have found that ginseng seems to increase the number of immune cells in the blood, and improve the immune system's response to a flu vaccine. In one study, 227 participants received either ginseng or placebo for 12 weeks, with a flu shot administered after 4 weeks. The number of colds and flu were two-thirds lower in the group that took ginseng.
Ginseng contains stimulants, but may produce side effect including high blood pressure, low blood pressure, and mastalgia. Ginseng may also lead to induction of mania in depressed patients who mix it with antidepressants. One of the most common and characteristic symptoms of acute overdose of ginseng from the genus "Panax" is bleeding. Symptoms of mild overdose with "Panax" ginseng may include dry mouth and lips, excitation, fidgeting, irritability, tremor, palpitations, blurred vision, headache, insomnia, increased body temperature, increased blood pressure, edema, decreased appetite, increased sexual desire, dizziness, itching, eczema, early morning diarrhea, bleeding, and fatigue. Symptoms of gross overdose with "Panax" ginseng may include nausea, vomiting, irritability, restlessness, urinary and bowel incontinence, fever, increased blood pressure, increased respiration, decreased sensitivity and reaction to light, decreased heart rate, cyanotic facial complexion, red face, seizures, convulsions, and delirium.
The constituents of ginseng include triterpene saponins, aglycone protopanaxadiol, aglycone protopanaxytriol, aglycone oleanolic acid and water-soluble polysaccharides.
Goji berry.
Marketing literature for goji berry (wolfberry) products including several "goji juices" suggest that wolfberry polysaccharides have extensive biological effects and health benefits, although none of these claims have been supported by peer-reviewed research.
A May 2008 clinical study published by the peer-reviewed Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine indicated that parametric data, including body weight, did not show significant differences between subjects receiving "Lycium barbarum" berry juice and subjects receiving the placebo; the study concluded that subjective measures of health were improved and suggested further research in humans was necessary. This study, however, was subject to a variety of criticisms concerning its experimental design and interpretations.
Published studies have also reported possible medicinal benefits of "Lycium barbarum", especially due to its antioxidant properties, including potential benefits against cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases, vision-related diseases (such as age-related macular degeneration and glaucoma), having neuroprotective properties or as an anticancer and immunomodulatory agent.
Wolfberry leaves may be used to make tea, together with "Lycium" root bark (called "dìgǔpí"; 地 骨 皮 in Chinese), for traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). A glucopyranoside isolated from wolfberry root bark have inhibitory activity in vitro against human pathogenic bacteria and fungi.
Horny goat weed.
Horny goat weed ("Epimedium spp.", Yin Yang Huo, 淫羊藿) is believed to be an aphrodisiac. Exploitation of wild populations is having potentially serious consequences for the long-term survival of several species.
Lily Bulb.
Lily bulbs (Bai He) are used in TCM to treat dry cough, dry and sore throat, and wheezing.
Rhubarb.
Rhubarb (大黄) is a large root and was once one of the first herbs that was imported from China.
Round Cardamon Fruit.
Round Cardamon Fruit (Bai Dou Kou) is used in TCM to treat poor appetite, a stifling sensation in the chest, or vomiting.
Thunder Vine.
Thunder Vine (lei gong teng, "Radix tripterygii wilfordii") is used in TCM to treat arthritis, relieve pain and reduce joint swelling. It can be extremely toxic, if not prepared according to the traditional methods in Chinese Medicine. If used inappropriately, within two to three hours after ingestion, a patient may begin to have gastrointestinal problems, headache, dizziness, severe vomiting (sometimes with blood), chills, high fever, and irregular heart beat. After inappropriate use, damage to the central nervous system may follow, as well as internal bleeding of the (real) organs, then their necrosis.
Trichosanthis Root.
In TCM, Trichosanthis Root (Radix Trichosanthis or "Tian Hua Fen" in Chinese), is used to clear "heat", generate "fluids" when "heat" injures "fluids" causing thirst, in the "wasting and thirsting" syndrome. The pairing of "Tian Hua Fen" and "Zhi Mu" had a faster, stronger and longer effect in reducing blood sugar levels than either herb alone.
Strychnine tree seeds.
Strychnine tree seeds (Strychnos nux-vomica, Ma Quan Zi) are marketed and sold with a claim to treat diseases of the respiratory tract, anemia, and geriatric complaints. It contains toxic strychnine, so can also be used as a poison for rodents. Dan Besky writes in his "Materia Medica" that "due to the small difference between the therapeutic and toxic doses, use of strychni semen (ma quian zi) bears a high risk of inducing severe poisoning and for this reason should be regarded as an obsolete drug".
Sweet wormwood.
Sweet wormwood ("Artemisia annua", Qing Hao) is believed under TCM to treat fever, headache, dizziness, stopping bleeding, and alternating fever and chills.
Sweet wormwood had fallen out of common use under TCM until it was rediscovered in 1970's when the "Chinese Handbook of Prescriptions for Emergency Treatments" (340 AD) was found. This pharmacopeia contained recipes for a tea from dried leaves, prescribed for fevers (not specifically malaria). The plant extracts in TCM have the antimalarial artemisinin.</ref>
However, it has been questioned as to whether the TCM tea made from Sweet wormwood is effective, since artemesinin is not soluble in water and the concentrations in TCM medicines are considered insufficient to treatment malaria.
Willow bark.
Salix genus plants were used since the time of Hippocrates (400 BC) when patients were advised to chew on the bark to reduce fever and inflammation. Willow bark has been used throughout the centuries in China and Europe to the present for the treatment of pain (particularly low back pain and osteoarthritis), headache, and inflammatory conditions such as bursitis and tendinitis. The bark of white willow contains salicin, which is a chemical similar to aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid). It is thought to be responsible for the pain-relieving and anti-inflammatory effects of the herb. In 1829, salicin was used to develop aspirin. White willow appears to be slower than aspirin to bring pain relief, but its effects may last longer.
Minerals.
Arsenic.
Arsenic sulfide (Realgar, xiong huang) is a toxic mineral used in TCM to kill intestinal parasites and treat sore throats, swellings, abscesses, itching, rashes, and malaria.
Arsenic is a poison. It is most commonly sold as a powder and given as a pill or capsule, although it is also incorporated into a mixture with other TCM medicinal ingredients.
Asbestos.
Asbestos ore (Actinolite, Yang Qi Shi, 阳起石) is used to treat impotence and is toxic.
Lead.
Lead (Galena, litharge, lithargyrum, mi tuo seng) is used in TCM to treat ringworm, skin disorders and ulcers, and is thought to "detoxify" the body. It is crushed and taken orally or used on the skin. Lead is toxic to humans. Lead tetroxide (Minium, Qian Dan) is used for conditions such as anxiety, itching, and malaria.
Mercury.
Cinnabar.
Despite its toxicity, sulfide of mercury (cinnabar) has historically been used in Chinese medicine, where it is called "zhūshā" (朱砂), and was highly valued in Chinese Alchemy. It was also referred to as "dān" (丹), meaning all of Chinese alchemy, cinnabar, and the "elixir of immortality". Cinnabar (HgS, sulfide of mercury) has been used in Traditional Chinese medicine as a sedative for more than 2000 years, and has been shown to have sedative and toxic effects in mice.
Calomel.
Mercurous chloride (calomel or "Qing Fen") is used in TCM for toxicity, intestinal parasites, and as a tranquilizer.

</doc>
<doc id="31175362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175362" title="First Baptist Church of Montana (Helena)">
First Baptist Church of Montana (Helena)

The First Baptist Church of Montana, located in Helena, Montana, is an historic church founded in 1880. It is Montana's oldest Baptist Church, located on 8th Avenue. It is associated with the American Baptist Churches USA.
The First Baptist Church in Montana had its beginnings on November 7, 1879, when 21 Helena Baptists petitioned the Baptist Home Mission Society of New York City to send a missionary to organize a church. Reverend J.T. Mason arrived for that purpose; and on December 5, 1880, he moderated an organizational meeting of Baptists in the wooden Lewis and Clark Courthouse. Services were first held in a hall on Broadway Avenue and later in the South Methodist Church in the 100 block of North Warren. In 1882 the current building site was purchased for $1,000 and the cornerstone was laid September 19, 1883. The Montana Baptist Association (Montana Baptist Convention) was organized in the uncompleted church building in 1883.
In 1884, the $11,000 building was dedicated. Soon afterwards, a $2,500 parsonage was built at the back of the church. Reverend J.T. Mason preached the first sermon in the new church on April 6, 1884. Among the early members was Territorial governor Preston Leslie whose daughter, Emily, served as church organist. The fine Barckhoff tracker organ, still in use today, was given in her memory in 1901 which was hand pumped until 1906.
A spiral stairway from the northwest front vestibule to the parlors over the lecture room (now the balcony) is an original feature of the building. The platform under the pulpit opened to reveal the baptistry which was first used on June 25, 1884. The chandelier in the center of the sanctuary had gas light tapers until 1889, when the trustees were empowered to replace coal oil lamps with electricity. In 1936 the clear glass windows were replaced with amber glass. The original pews had perforated backs with comfortable cushions; and extensions at each end, when drawn to full length, allowed the whole area of the floor to be used.
In 1916 a fire damaged the entire auditorium, including considerable damage to the organ. The congregation met in the Christian Church until October. The second parsonage at 515 North Rodney was sold and the money used to repair the organ.
In 1935 the red brick veneer finish was damaged in a series of earthquakes so it was covered with stucco, the interior redecorated and the parsonage was reconstructed into an education unit with a kitchen and fellowship room.
A stained glass window is dedicated to Governor Sam C. Ford (1941-1949) whose wife, Mary, was a lifetime member of the congregation. In 1956 the spire was rebuilt to look as it does today.
In 1965 a number of renovations were made, including an addition of 11,000 square feet for new classrooms, kitchen, offices, a new 8th St. entrance, and the fellowship hall seating 250 persons. The old parsonage wing then became the Ann Judson Room, baptismal dressing rooms, and classrooms. In addition all the rectangular stained glass windows were installed, thus changing the 8th St. side of the building.
In 1977 the third baptistry was installed replacing the badly deteriorated baptistry and its "floating steps" with a larger fiberglass unit. The wall above it was tiled at this time and a larger opening was created.
In 1979 the Barckhoff tracker organ was completely dismantled and cleaned, and the organ chamber was replastered and painted for the first time since the fire of 1916.
In 1980, the sanctuary underwent its fourth renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="31175393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175393" title="Level of consciousness (Esotericism)">
Level of consciousness (Esotericism)

Consciousness is a loosely defined concept that addresses the human awareness of both internal and external stimuli. This can refer to spiritual recognition, psychological understanding, medically altered states, or more modern-day concepts of life purpose, satisfaction, and self-actualization.
Most theories map consciousness in a series of levels, some stages of which are more continuous or complex than others. Movement between stages is often bidirectional depending on internal and external conditions, with each mental ascension precipitating a change in reactivity. In the most basic sense, this alteration might lead to a reduced responsiveness as seen in anesthesiology; more abstract facets of tiered consciousness describe characteristics of profoundness, insight, perception, or understanding.
First appearing in the historical records of the ancient Mayan and Incan civilizations, various theories of multiple levels of consciousness have pervaded spiritual, psychological, medical, and moral speculations in both Eastern and Western cultures. Because of occasional and sometimes substantial overlap between hypotheses, there have recently been attempts to combine perspectives to form new models that integrate components of separate viewpoints.
History.
Mayans.
The pyramid of consciousness has defined Mayan thought since the dawn of its civilization around 2000 BCE. Shamans and priests defined consciousness as an awareness of being aware, commonly referred to as a branch of metacognition. Because consciousness incorporates stimuli from the environment as well as internally, the Mayans believed it to be the most basic form of existence.
This existence, which they referred to as a loose translation of "Cosmos", was made up of nine underworlds, depicted concretely through the nine-storied Pyramid of the Plumed Serpent in Chichen Itza, the Temple of the Jaguar in Tikal, and the Temple of the Inscriptions in Palenque. Within these nine underworlds are a specified "day" and "night", symbolizing periods of enlightenment, increased consciousness, and a heightened ability to interact with the universe.
A common cause for debate is the exponentially accelerating dates separating each level of consciousness, where each stage occurs roughly 20 times faster than the previous one.
Theories.
Although historical views of the separation of consciousness into various layers do not exactly mirror modern-day perspectives, many parallels can be gathered from the overarching themes found in Eastern and Western cultures.
Eastern perspectives.
Many specific similarities have been drawn between Ancient Incan and historical Eastern views of tiered consciousness. Within most Eastern belief structures is the principle of the Cosmos as a joint entity with human awareness. Many branches stress the importance of AUM, also written Om, as the first sound produced after the world was created. Within Christianity this concept can be likened to the first words of Genesis regarding the holiness of the Word.
Historical beliefs.
The majority of Eastern perspectives assert that while consciousness originates from the sound of AUM, it has incorporated itself into flesh, which therefore gives humankind the goal of attaining oneness with the universe once more. Unlike Incan tradition, this oneness eliminates the separation of external and internal changes into one general indication of movement from stage to stage, commonly known as the Seven Shamanic Levels of Consciousness.
Modern-day beliefs.
Like the Seven Shamanic Levels of Consciousness, yoga meditation practices as well as the teachings of Vedanta and Tantra emphasize the importance of self-realization, a concept that has become increasingly popular in Western philosophy after Abraham Maslow's and Carl Rogers's research in Humanistic Psychology.
OM Mantra.
Similarly, the seven levels of consciousness defined by modern-day OM mantras strive to reach Absolute Reality through the same four realms described in the Advaita Vedanta, with three transitional tiers in between each.
The Veda.
The ancient Indian Vedas texts have lent a comparable view of unified consciousness, with a key difference in the purpose of human ascension from stage to stage. Instead of oneness with the universe, the Vedic vision of consciousness emphasizes the importance of attaining knowledge and pure intelligence.
Western perspectives.
Fluctuations in consciousness theories are not particular to Eastern cultures. A surprising degree of overlap can be found within the field of health and social sciences with regard to dulled, standard, and heightened intensities of awareness, both naturally and as a result of injury or disorder.
Psychological views.
Like many psychological theories within the particular field of psychoanalysis, one of the most popular theories of consciousness was proposed by Sigmund Freud, who described three facets of the psychic apparatus: the unconscious (id) or instinctual facet, the preconscious (ego) or rational facet, and the conscious (superego) or moral facet.
Although not unlike the Vedic vision of consciousness as a form of intelligence, Jean Piaget's theory of cognitive development is not commonly considered a form of knowledge awareness but instead as the evolution of the brain's capacity for thought throughout the human lifespan.
Medical and pathological views.
Similar to previously mentioned psychological views, medical and pathological perspectives often hypothesize tiered consciousness as a result of disease or disorders. The Altered Levels of Consciousness (ALC) theory is one such measure, in which a person's arousability and responsiveness to environmental stimuli are classified by their behavioral response.
Relationship to schizophrenia.
Recent hypotheses have incorporated these ALC theories into the psychopathological study of schizophrenia, suggesting that each altered level of awareness is connected to a degree of suffering or shock experienced by the patient. As the situation increases in seriousness, patients will descend to lower levels of consciousness and consequentially lose the capacity to cry, to smile, or to exhibit a wide range of emotions when reacting to the environment.
In more physiologically based studies, scientists have found that while the reticular formation controls alertness, wakefulness, and arousal in the brain, many mental responses to internal and external stimuli are dictated through signals relayed to and from the thalamus. Propofol and other consciousness-altering drugs are therefore antagonists of thalamus activity, possibly leading to a drug-induced comatose state.
Modern-day perspectives.
Although many of the previously mentioned theories are still widely held today in various groups, beliefs, and areas of study, a majority of commonly accepted perspectives stem from just the past decade. These hypothesized structures of awareness draw from many historical and early eighteenth- or nineteenth-century theories to form an integrated and overarching generalization of consciousness as a means of determining inner and outer recognition of stimuli.
Holder's three levels of consciousness.
Derived loosely from his philosophy of the Kung Fu system, Philip Holder offers three levels of consciousness that feature distinct differences in the way in which they are reached.
Barrett's seven levels of personal consciousness.
Similarly, Richard Barrett proposes seven stages of consciousness that progress in a logical order. The progression focuses on “existential” needs directly connected to and dependent on the human condition, all of which are motivating factors for daily interactions.
Gibson's four states of consciousness.
Dr. Bob Rhondell Gibson, author of "Notes on Personal Integration and Health" and often recognized as a psychic healer, hypothesized the existence of four tiers of extrasensory awareness. Beyond being more applicable to internal states rather than reactions to the external environment, these stages contrast markedly with the previously mentioned modern theories through their emphasis on humankind's immediate interactions. Gibson does not focus on life progression or individual power to move between levels, but rather on momentary instances of personal experience.
Attempts to combine theories.
Leary's 8-Circuit Model of Consciousness.
This concept not only connects psychology and the more medically focused studies of neurology and biology, but also incorporates elements of sociology, anthropology, physics, chemistry, and advanced mathematical formulas. Furthermore, critics argue that the inspiration for his theory stems at least indirectly from the Hindu chakra system.
Morin's integration.
Similar to Dr. Rondell Gibson's view of a simplified hierarchy of conscious states, Alain Morin describes a four-tiered integration of nine past awareness models, focusing explicitly on the two common aspects underlying each belief structure: the perception of the self in time and the complexity of those self-representations.
In summary, Morin concludes that from the many concepts discussed above it is near impossible to settle for only one theory without accepting at least a fraction of another. Although each hypothesis has been debated either in scientific or more spiritually focused literature, she states that consciousness is related most directly to the subjective perception of self-recognition and language, both of which are determined by culture and our external environment as a whole.
Robert Monroe.
Robert Allan Monroe became known for his research into altered consciousness and "out-of-body experience". His book 1985 ""Far Journeys"" showed numerous levels of consciousness and infinite expansion of consciousness.
"“The plants exist on levels of consciousness from one through seven. They are on a vibrational rate on the levels one through seven. It is the same pattern."
"Animals exist on the levels of consciousness from eight through fourteen, and when a person attains, when a consciousness attains level fourteen, it can no longer go any higher unless it is willing to change its form of consciousness."
"Levels of consciousness from fifteen through twenty-one are what you call human life on this earth."
"When a person progresses to level of consciousness twenty one, he then has the choice of going higher or staying within the realm of human form, but he cannot go higher unless he is willing to give up human form.”" 

</doc>
<doc id="31175406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175406" title="Paul Crawford (academic)">
Paul Crawford (academic)

Paul Crawford FRSA, AcSS (born 1963) is an English academic, author and broadcaster. Since September 2008, he has held a personal chair as Professor of Health Humanities at The University of Nottingham. He is a Professorial Fellow of the Institute of Mental Health (UK) and Visiting Professor of Health Communication at both the Medical Faculty, National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan, and the University of Technology, Sydney, Australia. In 2007 he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. In 2008 he was awarded a Lord Dearing Award for Excellence in Teaching and Learning.
Academic career.
Crawford received a first-class honours degree in English Language and Literature in 1994 before completing his PhD at The University of Birmingham in 1999. His thesis on the novelist William Golding was funded by the British Academy. Crawford joined The University of Nottingham in 2001 and co-founded the Health Language Research Group. A specialist in trans-disciplinary research related to healthcare, his recent work is focused on expanding field of Health Humanities. In 2008, he co-founded madnessandliterature.org. In 2011, he co-founded healthhumanities.org. He currently directs Nottingham Health Humanities and the Creative Practice as Mutual Recovery large programme with Connected Communities, Arts and Humanities research Council, UK.
Writings.
Crawford has written or co-written eight books. His first book, Communicating Care: The Language of Nursing (Nelson Thornes, 1998) was the first volume worldwide on non-medical discourse in healthcare. His second book was the novel, Nothing Purple, Nothing Black (The Book Guild, 2002), optioned for film by British film producer, Jack Emery (The Drama House, London/ Florida). His third book was a single-author monograph, Politics and History in William Golding (University of Missouri, 2003). This major, critical work was reviewed in The Times Literary Supplement (Medcalf, 2003) and a key chapter on ‘Literature of Atrocity’ anthologized in Bloom’s Guides to Lord of the Flies (2004; 2008). It also led to Crawford writing the entry for Golding in The Oxford Encyclopedia of British Literature (Oxford University Press, 2006). His fourth book, Evidence Based Research: Dilemmas and Debates in Healthcare (Open University Press, 2003) was Highly Commended in the British Medical Association (BMA) Book Competition for 2004. His fifth book, Storytelling in Therapy (Nelson Thornes, 2004) explores the use of short stories in Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. His sixth book, Communication in Clinical Settings (Nelson Thornes, 2006) offers a new model for health communication (Brief, Ordinary and Effective Model). His seventh book, Evidence-based Health Communication (Open University Press, 2006) advances the case for health communication research and data-driven learning. His most recent book is Madness in Post-1945 British and American Fiction (Palgrave Macmillan, London, 2010).
Radio.
Crawford has been a BBC radio broadcaster on issues related to mental health and religion.
International/National
• BBC Mundo. Marcelo Justo, ¿Era Hamlet psicótico y Sherlock Holmes obsesivo?, 10 August 2010.
• Woman’s Hour. BBC Radio 4, Jenni Murray, 10:00, 19 March 2010
• Richard Bacon Show, BBC Radio 5 Live, 12:10, 18 November 2009
• Today programme, BBC Radio 4, James Naughtie, ‘Piano Man’, 08:44, 27 August 2005
• Simon Mayo Show, BBC Radio 5 Live, 14:30, 10 January 2003
• Nicola-Heywood Thomas Show, BBC Radio Wales, 13:30, 11 April 2002
• Johnnie Walker Show, BBC Radio 2, 18:30, 10 April 2002.
Regional
• Sunday Breakfast Show, BBC Radio Derby, Johnny Kinch, 07:45, 21 March 2010
• Don Maclean Show, BBC Radio WM, 13:00, 26 June 2002
• Carl Chinn Show, BBC Radio WM, 14:00, 6 March
• John Florence Show, BBC Radio Leicester, 11:00, 1 May 2002
• Mark Jones Show, BBC Radio Stoke, 15:15, 25 April 2002
• Frances Finn Show, BBC Radio Derby, 10:00, 14 March 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31175415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175415" title="NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament consecutive appearances">
NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament consecutive appearances

This is a list of the most consecutive appearances in the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament by schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31175432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175432" title="Morocco Tennis Tour">
Morocco Tennis Tour

Morocco Tennis Tour may refer to one of six Moroccan professional tennis tournaments, all part of the ATP Challenger Tour :

</doc>
<doc id="31175440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175440" title="Aye Ko">
Aye Ko

Lieutenant General Aye Ko (19 September 1921 – 26 September 2006) is the former Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces of Union of Myanmar.
Military career.
Aye Ko joined Myanmar Armed Forces on 20 April 1952 as Second Lieutenant for 2nd Company in No. 15 Infantry Battalion. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant on 30 April 1953. He was transferred to No. 30 Infantry Battalion and promoted to the rank of Captain on 8 July 1955.
On 27 July 1956 Aye Ko was transferred to No. 2 Military Intelligence Company attached to 8th Infantry Brigade. He became General Staff Officer (G3) at the headquarters of 8th Infantry Brigade on 30 October 1956. He was then transferred to No. 30 Infantry Battalion on 25 May 1960 as temporary deputy battalion commander. He was promoted to the rank of Major on 3 June 1961 and became deputy battalion commander for No. 30 Infantry Battalion.
He was transferred to No. 1 Shan Rifle Battalion on 17 June 1963. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and became commanding officer of No. 1 Shan Rifle Battaion on 20 January 1964. Aye Ko was posted to South Western Regional Military Command as Colonel General Staff Officer (G1) on 9 September 1964.
On 2 June 1966, Aye Ko was transferred to Military Operations Department at the Ministry of Defence as Colonel General Staff Officer (G1). He took over the role of Director of the Directorate of Artillery and Armour Corps within the Ministry of Defence on 30 July 1966.
Aye Ko was posted to 88th Light Infantry Division on 24 April 1967. He was promoted to the rank of full Colonel on 17 August 1968 and became Deputy Division Commander for 88th. On 3 July 1969 Aye Ko becamse Division Commander of the 88th. He subsequently rose through the command positions as Commander of Strategic Operation Command (SOC) on 24 January 1972, Commander of North Eastern Regional Military Command on 11 July 1972, Commander of North Western Regional Military Command on 8 March 1974, Commander of Yangon Regional Military Command on 18 March 1975.
He was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General on 2 April 1976 and became Vice Chief of Staff (ARMY). He was promoted to Major General on 1 January 1979 and to Lieutenant General on 13 March 1981 and became Chief of Staff (ARMY).
Aye Ko resigned honorably from Myanmar armed forces on 19 September 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="31175454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175454" title="2007–08 Western Football League">
2007–08 Western Football League

The 2007–08 Western Football League season (known as the 2007–08 Toolstation Western Football League for sponsorship reasons) was the 106th in the history of the Western Football League, a football competition in England. Teams were divided into two divisions; the Premier and the First.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured two new teams in a league of 21, reduced from 22 the previous season after the promotion of Bridgwater Town to the Southern League, and the resignation of Torrington, who joined the North Devon League.
First Division.
Division One featured three new teams in a league of 21, reduced from 22 the previous season after the resignation of Biddestone and the transfer of Clyst Rovers to the South West Peninsula League.

</doc>
<doc id="31175461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175461" title="James W. Hyatt">
James W. Hyatt

James William Hyatt (September 19, 1837 – March 12, 1893) was Treasurer of the United States from 1887 to 1889. He had previously served as Bank Commissioner for the State of Connecticut, and United States Bank Examiner for Connecticut and Rhode Island. He served as a Democratic member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1875 and 1876, a member of the Connecticut Senate in 1884, and he was Warden of the Borough of Norwalk from 1877 to 1878, from 1880 to 1882, and from 1885 to 1887.
Biography.
James W. Hyatt was born in Norwalk, Connecticut, the son of James W. Hyatt, and Laura Gray on September 19, 1837. With the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, Hyatt joined the 5th Regiment Connecticut Volunteer Infantry. After the war, he moved to New York City to join Lockwood & Co., a leading banking house that was founded by LeGrand Lockwood of Norwalk. 
In 1873, Hyatt attained control of the majority of stock of the Norwalk Horse Railway Company and returned to Norwalk to work as its Secretary and General Manager. He was president of the company at the time of his death. He also worked as Vice President of the Danbury and Norwalk Railroad, and, in 1881, became its president. He represented Norwalk in the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1875 and 1876 as a Democrat (Hyatt had earlier supported the Republican Party, but became a Democrat in 1872). In 1876, Governor of Connecticut Charles Roberts Ingersoll appointed Hyatt Bank Commissioner. He was later reappointed by Govs. Richard D. Hubbard, Charles B. Andrews, Hobart B. Bigelow, and Thomas M. Waller. In 1884, he was elected to the Connecticut Senate, but resigned so he could remain Bank Commissioner. 
In 1886, President of the United States Grover Cleveland appointed Hyatt United States Bank Examiner for Connecticut and Rhode Island. In spring 1887, President Cleveland appointed Hyatt Treasurer of the United States, with Hyatt subsequently holding that office from May 24, 1887 to May 10, 1889. 
After suffering for several weeks from gout and Bright's disease, Hyatt died at Norwalk on March 12, 1893. Surprising observers, who assumed that Hyatt was rich, Hyatt died a poor man and left virtually no estate for his widow.

</doc>
<doc id="31175486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175486" title="Virginia Board of Health">
Virginia Board of Health

The Virginia Board of Health is a 15-member independent agency that regulates health facilities in the Commonwealth of Virginia. It is playing a prominent role in abortion access issues.
Organization.
The board is appointed by the Governor for four-year terms. Members may not serve more than two consecutive terms. The law specifies:
Two members of the Board shall be members of the Medical Society of Virginia, one member shall be a member of the Virginia Pharmaceutical Association, one member shall be a member of the State Dental Association, one member shall be a member of the Virginia Nurses' Association, one member shall be a member of the Virginia Veterinary Medical Association, one member shall be a representative of local government, one member shall be a representative of the hospital industry, one member shall be a representative of the nursing home industry, one member shall be a representative of the licensed health carriers responsible under Title 38.2 for a managed care health insurance plan, one member shall be a corporate purchaser of health care, two members shall be consumers, one member shall have public environmental health expertise, and one member shall be a representative of the emergency medical services community recommended by the State Emergency Medical Services Advisory Board. It holds four or five meetings each year with at least one meeting in Richmond, but usually holds the rest in cities around the state.
Duties.
In many ways, the Board is the policy-making arm of the Virginia Department of Health and the law gives the Board a variety of important duties. The Board establishes the framework for Virginia's public health services. The Board also approves regulations for the Department of Health and can grant exemptions from those regulations. This includes regulations governing research using human subjects.
Regarding health care access and economics, the Board sets the income limitations on medically indigent patients and sets the charges to be paid for the medical care services of the Department. It works with the Virginia Health Planning Board to consider issues of health care policy and financing and issues formal studies on these subject.
The Board leads Virginia's role in fighting AIDS. The Board administers Virginia's AIDS services and education grants program with funds appropriated by the General Assembly. The Board also provides grants to operate up to five regional AIDS resource and consultation centers and two pilot treatment centers.
The Board promotes health education and outreach. For example, The Board sets the Department of Health's program of patient and community health education services to include services addressing health promotion and disease prevention, and encouraging the coordination of local and private sector health education services. The Board also awards grants for Virginia's worksite health promotion program with funds appropriated by the General Assembly.
The Board has the emergency authority to issue "orders and regulations to meet any emergency, not provided for by general regulations, for the purpose of suppressing nuisances dangerous to the public health and communicable, contagious and infectious diseases and other dangers to the public life and health."
Regulation of abortion facilities.
Historically, the regulation of abortion facilities never played a prominent role in the Board's work. The Board did regulate abortion clinics from 1981 until 1984, when Governor Chuck Robb ordered an end to the regulation of outpatient clinics. From 1991 to 2010, bills introduced into the Virginia General Assembly proposed to regulate outpatient abortion clinics, but they failed to be enacted.
In 2010, Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli issued a non-binding legal opinion that would allow the Board to regulate outpatient abortion clinics as if they were hospital facilities called "ambulatory surgical centers." At that time, 11 of the Board members were appointed by the prior Governor Tim Kaine, and the Board did not act on Cuccinelli's opinion letter.
The 2011 session of the General Assembly expanded the Board's power to regulate clinics which provide five or more first-trimester abortions per month and required the Board to issue regulations within 280 days. By this time, Governor Bob McDonnell had appointed six of the Board members, with the ability to fill two more seats in July 2011. Among McDonnell's appointees as consumer representative is a donor and supporter of the Family Foundation, a group which opposes abortions.

</doc>
<doc id="31175505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175505" title="Šešuoliai">
Šešuoliai

Šešuoliai is a small town in central Lithuania. It is located just east of the Lake Šešuoliai. According to the census of 2001, it had 189 residents. The town's central square and street layout is protected as an urban monument.
Its alternate names include Šašuoliai, Šešuolių, Shesholi, Sheshuolyay, Sušuoliai, Szeszole, and Szeszole.
The town was first mentioned in the Chronicle of Hermann von Wartberge when it was attacked by the Livonian Order in 1334. Since the times of Grand Duke Vytautas, there was an estate, which became a property of Kristinas Astikas. Sometime before 1478, Šešuoliai passed to the Bishop of Vilnius. Bishop Walerian Protasewicz sponsored construction of a Catholic church and establishment of a parish. Protasewicz also directed the priests to open a parish school, but it is known only from 1777. The settlement grew into a town and center of a volost. The town burned down in 1656 during the Russo-Polish War. Šešuoliai recovered; the church was reconstructed in 1698 and 1751. The priests sponsored a parish school and a shelter for the poor. Šešuoliai Manor had a library and alcohol distillery. During the interwar years it was briefly owned by Jonas Variakojis. Today it is a school building. The town had 100 residents in 1814, 64 in 1845, 169 in 1890, 317 in 1923, 156 in 1959, 193 in 1970, 123 in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31175533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175533" title="Rickenbacker 4001CS">
Rickenbacker 4001CS

The Rickenbacker 4001CS was a limited edition series electric bass guitar based on Chris Squire’s 1965 British model RM1999. Only 1000 were made between 1991 and 2000. Features include horseshoe bridge pickup, toaster neck pickup, no body binding, mono output, no neck binding, Cream Colorglo finish. 4001CS is another instrument from the Limited Edition C series which also includes the 4001C64 and 4001C64S. The 4001CS with its use of dot inlays, and unbound neck construction based after the RM1999 model.
History.
In 1965 while working in a music store Chris Squire, at the age of 17, bought his famous RM1999 bass which he used in Syn, Yes and XYZ. The RM1999 was one of 4001S imported to the UK. In 1990, during an interview on "Star Licks", he announced that Rickenbacker would release a copied version of his bass.

</doc>
<doc id="31175558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175558" title="Fumihiko Imamura">
Fumihiko Imamura

After the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, Immamura was prominent amongst those who proposed that December 26 should be an international day of commemoration. He argued that the simple idea could be effective in preparing people for the giant waves.
Early life.
Imamura received his undergraduate degree from Tohoku University in 1984; and he was awarded his Ph.D. in 1989.
Career.
Imamura is a member of the faculty of Tohoku University. Professor Imamura's fields of interest include tsunami engineering, coastal and river engineering and disaster science. He was among those NHK designated as an expert on disaster response during the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
His current research encompasses numerical tsunami simulation, warning systems, disaster prevention and evacuation systems. In addition to studying modern and ancient tsunamis through field surveys and analysis of historical documents, the engineering simulation project is used to develop highly accurate quantitative tsunami warnings and assess characteristics of waterfront structures.
Selected works.
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Fumihiko Imamura, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 6 works in 10+ publications in 2 languages and 80+ library holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="31175559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175559" title="Francesco Trapani">
Francesco Trapani

Francesco Trapani, born in 1957 in Italy, is the CEO of the Italian jeweler and luxury goods retailer, Bulgari.
Family relations.
Trapani is the son of a surgeon and Lia Bulgari. Lia Bulgari is the elder sister of Paolo Bulgari, the current Chairman of the Bulgari group. Lia and her three brothers - Paolo, Nicola and Gianni - are the grandchildren of Sotirio Bulgari, a Greek silversmith, who was the Bulgari group founder.
Career.
Trapani took over the Bulgari group in 1984. He is credited with turning the company around into one of the more successful luxury jewellery brand. In 2001, he managed the Bulgari joint venture with Marriott International to open a set of Bulgari branded hotels, named Bulgari Hotels and Resorts. In 1995, Trapani oversaw the listing of Bulgari on the Milan Stock Exchange and SEAQ International in London.
Trapani is planned to replace Philippe Pascal as the Head of Watches and Jewelry at LVMH, following the sale of Bulgari to LVMH.
Bulgari sale to LVMH.
Trapani described in a 2004 article that "one day, Bulgari is going to be sold, we'll see." He also described that "there are a couple of big companies that would be interested, but they have not approached us."
Regarding the sale of Bulgari to LVMH in March 2011, he indicated that the sale is because LVMH recognises Bulgari as a "star brand" and that he doesn't believe LVMH will "dilute" the brand.

</doc>
<doc id="31175567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175567" title="Konbaung–Hanthawaddy War">
Konbaung–Hanthawaddy War

The Konbaung–Hanthawaddy War () was the war fought between the Konbaung Dynasty and the Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom of Burma (Myanmar) from 1752 to 1757. The war was the last of several wars between the Burmese-speaking north and the Mon-speaking south that ended the Mon people's centuries-long dominance of the south.
The war began in April 1752 as independent resistance movements against Hanthawaddy armies which had just toppled the Toungoo Dynasty. Alaungpaya, who founded the Konbaung Dynasty, quickly emerged as the main resistance leader, and by taking advantage of Hanthawaddy's low troop levels, went on to conquer all of Upper Burma by the end of 1753. Hanthawaddy belatedly launched a full invasion in 1754 but it faltered. The war increasingly turned ethnic in character between the Burman (Bamar) north and the Mon south. Konbaung forces invaded Lower Burma in January 1755, capturing the Irrawaddy delta and Dagon (Yangon) by May. The French defended port city of Syriam (Thanlyin) held out for another 14 months but eventually fell in July 1756, ending French involvement in the war. The fall of the 16-year-old southern kingdom soon followed in May 1757 when its capital Pegu (Bago) was sacked. Disorganized Mon resistance fell back to the Tenasserim peninsula (present day Mon State and Taninthayi Region) in the next few years with Siamese help but was driven out by 1765 when Konbaung armies captured the peninsula from the Siamese.
The war proved decisive. Ethnic Burman families from the north began settling in the delta after the war. By the early 19th century, assimilation and inter-marriage had reduced the Mon population to a small minority.
Background.
The authority of Toungoo Dynasty with the capital at Ava (Inwa) had long been in decline when the Mon of Lower Burma broke away in 1740, and founded the Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom with the capital at Pegu (Bago). The "palace kings" at Ava had been unable to defend against the Manipuri raids, which began in 1724 and had been ransacking increasingly deeper parts of Upper Burma. Ava failed to recover southern Lan Na (Chiang Mai) that revolted in 1727, and did nothing to prevent the annexation of northern Shan states by Qing China in the mid-1730s. King Mahadhammaraza Dipadi of Toungoo made feeble efforts to recover Lower Burma in the early 1740s, but by 1745, Hanthawaddy had successfully established itself in Lower Burma.
The low-grade warfare between Ava and Pegu went on until late 1750, when Pegu launched its final assault, invading Upper Burma in full force. By early 1752, Peguan forces, equipped with French arms, had reached the gates of Ava. Upayaza, the heir apparent of Hanthawaddy throne, issued a proclamation, summoning the administrative officers in the country north of the city to submit, and swear allegiance to the king of Hanthawaddy. Many regional chiefs of Upper Burma faced a choice: whether to join the Hanthawaddy forces or resist occupation. A few chose to cooperate. But many others chose to resist.
Upper Burma (1752–1754).
By late March 1752, it was clear to everyone that Ava's fate was sealed. Hanthawaddy forces had breached Ava's outer defenses, and pushed Avan defenses inside the palace walls. At Moksobo in the Mu valley about 60 miles northwest of Ava, one village headman named Aung Zeya persuaded 46 villages in home region to join him in resistance. Aung Zeya proclaimed himself king with the royal style of Alaungpaya (the Embryo Buddha), and founded the Konbaung Dynasty. He prepared the defenses by stockading his village, now renamed Shwebo, and building a moat around it. He had the jungle outside the stockade cleared, the ponds destroyed and the wells filled.
Konbaung was only one among many other resistance forces, at Salin along the middle Irrawaddy and Mogaung in the far north, which had independently sprung up across panicked Upper Burma. Fortunately for the resistance forces, the Hanthawaddy command mistakenly equated their capture of Ava with the victory over Upper Burma, and withdrew two-thirds of the invasion force back to Pegu, leaving just a third (less than 10,000 men) for what they considered a mop-up operation. Moreover, the Hanthawaddy leadership was concerned by the Siamese annexation of the upper Tenasserim peninsula (present-day Mon State) while Hanthawaddy troops were laying siege to Ava.
The decision to redeploy turned out to be an epic miscalculation as the Siamese threat was never as acute as the threat from Upper Burma, the traditional home of political power in Burma. The Siamese takeover of Upper Tenasserim was an opportunistic land grab taking advantage of Hanthawaddy's preoccupations with Ava. It is unclear whether the Siamese ever planned or had the means to extend their influence into mainland Lower Burma. It was much more probable that any existential threat to Hanthawaddy would come from Upper Burma.
Battle of Shwebo (1752).
The Hanthawaddy command nevertheless was confident that they could pacify the entire Upper Burma countryside. At first the strategy seemed to work. They established outposts as far north as Wuntho and Kawlin in present day northern Sagaing Region, and the Gwe Shans of Madaya in present-day northern Mandalay Region joined them. The Hanthawaddy officer stationed at Singu, about 30 miles north of Ava, sent a detachment of 50 men to secure allegiance of the Mu valley. Alaungpaya personally led forty of his best men to meet the detachment at Halin, south of Shwebo, and wiped them out. It was 20 April 1752 (Thursday, 4th waxing of Kason 1114 ME).
As Upayaza prepared to ship the main body of his troops downstream, leaving a garrison behind under his next-in-command, Talaban. Before leaving he received the unpleasant news that one of his detachments, sent to demand the allegiance of Moksobo had been cut to pieces by the inhabitants. He ought to have enquired more carefully into the nature of the incident, but made the fatal mistake of treating it as trivial. With the parting injunction to Talaban to make an example of the place, he set off home with his troops.
Another larger detachment was sent. It too was defeated, with only half a dozen got back to Ava alive. In May, Gen. Talaban himself led a force of several thousand well-armed troops to take Shwebo. But the army lacked cannon to overcome the stockade, and it was forced to lay siege. A month into the siege, on 20 June 1752, Alaungpaya burst out at the head of a general sortie and routed the besiegers. The Hanthawaddy forces withdrew in disarray, leaving their equipment, including several scores of muskets, which were "worth their weight in gold in these critical days".
Consolidation of Upper Burma (1752–1753).
The news spread. Soon, Alaungpaya was mustering a proper army from across the Mu valley and beyond, using his family connections and appointing his fellow gentry leaders as his key lieutenants. Success drew fresh recruits everyday from many regions across Upper Burma. Alaungpaya then selected 68 ablest men to be the commanders of his growing army. Many of the 68 would prove to be brilliant military commanders in Konbaung's domestic and external campaigns, and form the core leadership of Konbaung armies for the next thirty years. They include the likes of Minhla Minkhaung Kyaw, Minkhaung Nawrahta, Maha Thiha Thura, Ne Myo Sithu, Maha Sithu and Balamindin. Most other resistance forces as well as officers from the disbanded Palace Guards had joined him with such arms as they retained. By October 1752, he had emerged the primary challenger to Hanthawaddy, and driven out all Hanthawaddy outposts north of Ava, and their allies Gwe Shans from Madaya. He also defeated a rival resistance leader, Chit Nyo of Khin-U. A dozen legends gathered around his name. Men felt that when he led them they could not fail.
Despite repeated setbacks, Pegu incredibly still did not send in reinforcements even as Alaungpaya consolidated his gains throughout Upper Burma. Instead of sending every troop they had, they merely replaced Talaban, the general who won Ava, with another general, Toungoo Ngwegunhmu. By late 1753, Konbaung forces controlled all of Upper Burma except Ava. On 3 January 1754, Alaungpaya's second son, Hsinbyushin, only 17, successfully retook Ava, which was left ruined and burned. The whole of Upper Burma was clear of Hanthawaddy troops. Alaungpaya then turned to nearer Shan States to secure the rear, and to draw fresh levies. He received homage from the nearer sawbwas (saophas or chiefs) as far north as Momeik.
Hanthawaddy counter-offensive (1754).
In March 1754, Hanthawaddy did what they should have done two years before, and sent the entire army. It would have been 1751–1752 all over again except that they had to face Alaungpaya instead of an effete dynasty. At first, the invasion went as planned. The Hanthawaddy forces led by Upayaza, the heir-apparent and Gen. Talaban defeated the Konbaung armies led by Alaungpaya's sons Naungdawgyi and Hsinbyushin at Myingyan. One Hanthawaddy army chased Hsinbyushin to Ava, and laid siege to the city. Another army chased Naungdawgyi's army, advancing as far as Kyaukmyaung a few miles from Shwebo, where Alaungpaya was residing. The Hanthawaddy flotilla had complete control of the entire Irrawaddy River.
But they could not make further progress. They met heavy Konbaung resistance at Kyaukmyaung, and lost many men trying to take a heavily fortified Ava. Two months into the invasion, the invasion was going nowhere. The Hanthawaddy forces had lost many men and boats, and were short on ammunition and supplies. In May, Alaungpaya personally led his armies (10,000 men, 1000 cavalry, 100 elephants) in the Konbaung counterattack, and pushed back the invaders to Sagaing, on the west bank of the Irrawaddy, opposite Ava. On the east bank, Hsinbyushin also broke the siege of Ava. With the rainy season just a few weeks away, the Hanthawaddy command decided to retreat.
Meanwhile, Burman refugees who had escaped general slaughter by the delta Mons seized Prome (Pyay), the historical border town between Upper Burma and Lower Burma, and shut the gates to the retreating Hanthawaddy armies. Knowing the importance of Prome for the safety of his kingdom, King Binnya Dala of Hanthawaddy ordered his forces to retake Prome at any cost. Led by Talaban, the Hanthawady forces consisted of 10,000 men and 200 war boats laid siege to Prome.
Turning into an ethnic conflict.
By late 1754, the siege of Prome was going nowhere for Talaban's men. The besiegers had been able to fight off Konbaung attempts to lift the siege but they could not take the fortified city either. At Pegu, some of the Hanthawaddy commanders now feared Alaungpaya's full-scale invasion of the south, and looked for an alternative. Preferring the loose rule of a weak king, they attempted to free the captive king, Mahadhammaraza Dipati on the throne of Hanthawaddy. The plot was discovered by Binnya Dala, who executed not only the conspirators but also the former king himself and other captives from Ava in October 1754. This shortsighted action removed the only possible rival to Alaungpaya, and allowed those who had stayed loyal to the former king to join Alaungpaya with an easy conscience.
The conflict increasingly turned into an ethnic conflict between the Burman north and the Mon south. It was not always so. When the southern rebellion began in 1740, the Mon leaders of the rebellion welcomed southern Burmans and Karens who despised Ava's rule. The first king of Restored Hanthawaddy, Smim Htaw Buddhaketi, despite his Mon title, was an ethnic Burman. Burmans of the south had served in the Mon-speaking Hanthawaddy army although there had been episodes of purges of Burmans throughout the south by their Mon compatriots since 1740. (About 8000 ethnic Burmans were massacred in 1740.) Instead of persuading their Burman troops to stay, when they needed every last soldier, the Hanthawaddy leadership escalated "self-defeating" policies of ethnic polarization. They began requiring all Burmans in the south to wear an earring with a stamp of the Pegu heir-apparent and to cut their hair in Mon fashion as a sign of loyalty. This persecution strengthened Alaungpaya's hand. Alaungpaya was only happy to exploit the situation, encouraging remaining Burman troops to come over to him. Many did.
Konbaung invasion of Lower Burma (1755–1757).
While the Hanthawaddy leadership alienated their Burman constituency in the south, Alaungpaya gathered troops from all over Upper Burma, including Shan, Kachin and Chin levies. By January 1755, he was ready to launch a full-scale invasion of the south. The invading army now had a considerable manpower advantage. Hanthawaddy troops still had better firearms and modern weaponry. (Hanthawaddy's firearm advantage would claim many Konbaung casualties in upcoming battles.)
Battle of Prome (June 1754 – February 1755).
Alaungpaya's first target was Prome that had been under siege by the Hanthawaddy troops for seven months. The Hanthawaddy troops were well entrenched in their earthwork stockades surrounding Prome. They had repulsed Konbaung troops trying to relieve the siege throughout 1754. In January, Alaungpaya himself returned with a large army. Still, Konbaung assaults could not make any headway amid heavy musket fire by determined Hanthawaddy defenses. Alaungpaya then ordered large by basket cases filled with hay, which were to be used as cover. Then in mid-February, the Konbaung troops forced their way in behind rolling baskets amid heavy slaughter by musket fire, and captured the Mayanbin fort, relieving the siege. They captured many muskets, cannon and ammunition, which Hanthawaddy had acquired from Europeans at Thanlyin, along with 5000 prisoners of war. The Hanthawaddy troops retreated to the delta. Alaungpaya entered Prome, returned solemn thanks at the Shwesandaw Pagoda, and received homage of central Burma. He held an investiture, honoring those who had led the uprising against Hanthawaddy.
Battle of Irrawaddy delta (April–May 1755).
In early April, he launched the invasion of Irrawaddy delta in a blitz. He occupied Lunhse, renaming it Myanaung (Speedy Victory). Moving down the river, the advance guard defeated the Hanthawaddy resistance at Hinthada, and captured Danubyu by mid-April, right before the Burmese new year festivities. By late April, his forces had overrun the entire delta. Alaungpaya now received homage from local lords, as far away as Thandwe in Arakan (Rakhine).
Then the Konbaung armies turned their sights on the main port city of Syriam (Thanlyin), which stood in their way to Pegu. On 5 May 1755, Konbaung troops defeated a Hanthawaddy division at Dagon, on the opposite bank of Syriam. Alaungpaya envisioned Dagon to be the future port city, added settlements around Dagon, and renamed the new city, Yangon (lit. "End of Strife").
Battle of Syriam (May 1755 – July 1756).
The fortified port of Syriam was guarded by Hanthawaddy troops, aided by the French personnel and arms. Konbaung armies' first attempt to take the city in May 1755 was a failure. Its sturdy walls and modern cannon made difficult any attempt to storm the fortress. In June, Hanthawaddy launched a counter-offensive, attacking the Konbaung stronghold at Yangon. The attack was joined in by an English East India Company ship "Arcot", apparently without orders by the Company. The counterattack was unsuccessful. The English, fearing reprisals by Alaungpaya, now speedily sent an envoy, Captain George Baker, to Alaungpaya at Shwebo with presents of cannon and muskets and with orders to conclude a friendship.
Although Alaungpaya was deeply suspicious of English intentions, he also needed to secure modern arms against French-defended Syriam. He agreed that the English could stay at their colony at Negrais, which they had seized since 1753, but postponed signing any immediate treaty with the Company. Instead, he proposed an alliance between the two countries. The English who were about to enter the Seven Years' War against the French seemed like natural allies. Despite what Alaungpaya regarded as a magnanimous gesture over Negrais no military help of any kind materialized.
Konbaung troops would now have to take Syriam the hard way. The siege continued for the remainder of 1755. The French inside were desperate for reinforcements from their India headquarters at Pondicherry. Alaungpaya returned to the front in January 1756 with his two sons, Naungdawgyi and Hsinbyushin. In July, Alaungpaya launched another attack by water and by land, capturing the only French ship left at the port, and the French factory at the outskirts of the town. On 14 July 1756 (3rd waning of Waso 1118 ME), Minhla Minkhaung Kyaw, the chief of musket corps and top Konbaung general, was severely wounded by cannon fire. As Minhla Minkhaung Kyaw lay dying of his wounds, and being brought back by boat, the king went down to the boat himself to see his old childhood friend, who had won him many battles. The king publicly mourned the death of his chief general and honored him with a funeral under a white umbrella before the whole army. The leader of the French, Sieur de Bruno, secretly tried to negotiate with Alaungpaya, but was found out and put in prison by Hanthawaddy commanders. The siege went on.
For Alaungpaya, the worry was that French reinforcements would soon arrive. He decided that the time had come for the fortress to be stormed, now. He knew that the French and the Mons, expecting no quarter, would resist fiercely and that hundreds of his men would die in any attempt to breach the walls. He called for volunteers and then selected 93, whom he named the Golden Company of Syriam, a name that would find pride of place in Burmese nationalist mythology. They included guards, officers, and royal descendants of Bayinnaung. The afternoon before, as the early monsoon rains poured down in torrents outside the makeshift huts, they ate together in their king's presence. Alaungpaya gave each a leather helmet and lacquer armor.
That evening, on 25 July 1756, as the Konbaung troops banged their drums and played loud music to encourage Syriam's defenders into thinking festivities were under way and to relax their watch, the Golden Company scaled the walls. At the dawn of 26 July 1756, after bloody hand-to-hand fighting they managed to pry open the great wooden gates, and in darkness, amid the war cries of the Konbaung troops ("Shwebotha!" "Shwebotha!"; lit. sons of Shwebo) and the screams of the women and the children inside, the city was overrun. The Hanthawaddy commander barely escaped the carnage. Alaungpaya presented the stacks of gold and silver captured from the city to the surviving 20 men of the Golden Company and the families of the 73 who died.
A few days later and a few days too late, on 29 July 1756, two French relief ships, "the Galatee" and "the Fleury" arrived, loaded with troops as well as arms, ammunition and food from Pondicherry. The Burmese seized the ships, and press-ganged 200 French officers and soldiers into Alaungpaya's army. Also on board were 35 ship's guns, five field guns and 1300 muskets. It was a considerable haul. More importantly, the battle ended French involvement in the Burmese civil war.
Battle of Pegu (October 1756 – May 1757).
After the fall of Syriam, Alaungpaya waited out the monsoon season. In September, one Konbaung army marched from Syriam in the south, while another army marched from Toungoo (Taungoo) in the north. The advance was slow with great losses as the Hanthawaddy defenses still had cannon and they were literally fighting with their backs to the wall. By mid-October, the combined armies converged on Pegu. Konbaung war boats too flung off Hanthawaddy fire-rafts and completed the Konbaung line around the city.
By January 1757, the city was starving, and Binnya Dala asked for terms. Alaungpaya demanded no less than a full unconditional surrender. Those surrounding Binnya Dala were determined to fight on, and put the king under restraint. The famine only grew worse. On 6 May 1757 (4th waning of Kason 1119) Konbaung armies unleashed their final assault on the starving city. The Konbaung armies broke through at moonrise, and massacred men, women, and children without distinction. Alaungpaya entered through the Mohnyin Gate, surrounded by a crowd of his guardsmen and French gunners, and prostrated himself before the Shwemawdaw Pagoda. The city walls and 20 gates by Tabinshwehti and Bayinnaung two centuries before were then razed to the ground. After the fall of Pegu, the governors of Martaban (Mottama), and Tavoy (Dawei) who had sought Siamese protection, now backtracked and sent in tribute to Alaungpaya.
Aftermath.
After the fall of Pegu, remnants of Mon resistance fell back to the upper Tenasserim peninsula (present-day Mon State), and remained active there with Siamese support. However, the resistance was disorganized, and did not control any major towns. It remained active only because Konbaung's control of the upper Tenasserim peninsula in 1757–1759 was still largely nominal. Its effective control still did not extend beyond Martaban as the majority of the Konbaung armies were back north in Manipur and in the northern Shan states.
However, no single southern leader emerged to rally the Mon populace as Alaungpaya did with the Burmans in 1752. A rebellion broke out in 1758 throughout Lower Burma but was put down by local Konbaung garrisons. The window of opportunity came to a close in the second half of 1759 when the Konbaung armies, having conquered Manipur and the northern Shan states, were back down south, preparing for their invasion of the Tenasserim coast and Siam. The Konbaung armies seized the upper Tenasserim coast following the Burmese-Siamese War (1759–1760), and pushed out the Mon resistance farther down the coast. (Alaungpaya died in the war.) The resistance was driven out of Tenasserim in 1765 when Alaungpaya's son Hsinbyushin seized the lower coastline as part of the Burmese-Siamese War (1765–1767).
Legacy.
The Konbaung–Hanthawaddy war was the last of the many wars fought between the Burmese-speaking north and the Mon-speaking south that began with King Anawrahta's conquest of the south in 1057. Many more wars had been fought over the centuries. Aside from the Forty Years' War in the 14th and 15th centuries, the south usually had been on the losing side.
But this war proved to be the proverbial final nail. For the Mon, the defeat marked the end of their dream of independence. For a long time, they would remember the utter devastation that accompanied the final collapse of their short-lived kingdom. Thousands fled across the border into Siam. One Mon monk wrote of the time: "Sons could not find their mothers, nor mothers their sons, and there was weeping throughout the land".
Soon, entire communities of ethnic Burmans from the north began to settle in the delta. Mon rebellions still flared up in 1762, 1774, 1783, 1792, and 1824–1826. Each revolt typically was followed by fresh deportations, Mon flight to Siam, and punitive cultural proscriptions. The last king of Hanthawaddy was publicly humiliated and executed in 1774. In the aftermath of revolts, Burmese language was encouraged at the expense of Mon. Chronicles by late 18th century and early 19th Mon monks portrayed the south's recent history as a tale of unrelenting northern encroachment. By the early 19th century, assimilation and inter-marriage had reduced the Mon population to a small minority. Centuries of Mon supremacy along the coast came to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="31175572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175572" title="The Song of the Cloud Forest">
The Song of the Cloud Forest

The Song of the Cloud Forest is a Muppet story that was first shown as part of episode 7 of the short-lived television series "The Jim Henson Hour" and later included on the DVD "Jim Henson's The Song of the Cloud Forest and Other Earth Stories". It was written by David Young, and featured music by David Lebolt, Mark Radice, Phil Ramone, and Zak Smith. It told the story of a golden toad (where its species hasn't gone extinct yet) looking for a mate.
Cast.
Muppet performers.
Additional Muppets were performed by Lainie Cook, Paul Hartis, Rick Lyon, Brian Muehl, and David Rudman.

</doc>
<doc id="31175592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175592" title="Pete Sears">
Pete Sears

Peter "Pete" Sears (born 27 May 1948, Bromley, Kent) is an English rock musician. In a career spanning more than four decades he has been a member of many bands and has moved through a variety of musical genres, from early R&B, psychedelic improvisational rock of the 1960s, folk, country music, arena rock in the 1970s, and blues. He usually plays bass, keyboards, or both in bands.
Sears played on the classic Rod Stewart albums "Gasoline Alley", "Every Picture Tells A Story" which was listed high in Rolling Stone Magazine's top 500 best albums of all time, "Never a Dull Moment", and "Smiler". He also played on the hit singles "Maggie May", and "Reason To Believe". During this period, Sears toured the US with Long John Baldry blues band, and played with John Cipollina in Copperhead.
Sears was with Jefferson Starship (1974 to 1984) and its offspring Starship (1985 to 1987). He went on to play in the Jorma Kaukonen Trio with Kaukonen and Michael Falzarano. He also played with Kaukonen and Falzarano along with Jack Casady and Harvey Sorgen in Hot Tuna.
Sears has played with many other musicians through the years, including Leigh Stephens and Micky Waller in Silver Metre; Long John Baldry, Copperhead with John Cipollina, Jerry Garcia, Steve Kimock, Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Leftover Salmon, and Los Lobos. Currently, he divides his time between the David Nelson Band and his main band Moonalice.
Sears has also written and recorded the original score for many documentary films, including the award winning ""The Fight in the Fields"" - Cesar Chávez and the Farmworkers Struggle directed by Emmy Award winning Ray Telles and Rick Tehada Flores. His most recent film, also directed by Ray Telles and co-produced by Ken Rabin is called ""The Storm That Swept Mexico"" about the Mexican Revolution which will air on National PBS in May 2011.
Career.
Sears' career as a professional musician began in 1964, touring the United Kingdom with the band Sons of Fred. As well as playing classic British T.V. shows such as Ready Steady Go and Thank Your Lucky Stars, Sons of Fred also recorded at EMI's Abbey Road Studios in London. The records they released are now sought after by collectors.
He went on to play and record with many musical artists, including The Fleur De Lys in 1966, and the psychedelic underground band Sam Gopal Dream which featured guitarist Mick Hutchinson, Sears on bass and Hammond organ, and the Indian tabla player Sam Gopal. Jimi Hendrix once sat in with the band at the Speakeasy Club in London. Jimi Hendrix drummer Mitch Mitchell later asked Sears to play bass in a band he was forming while still playing with Hendrix in 1969.
Sears was a session musician during the late sixties, including recording piano with the blues band Steamhammer. Steamhammer would back up the legendary Freddy King when he toured the UK. In early 1969, Sears along with Terry Cox of Pentangle, Jeff Beck’s drummer Micky Waller, Jimmy Litherland of Coloseum, John Wetton of King Crimson, and Pete York of the Spencer Davis Group, recorded a folk rock album with Marian Segal and Jade. The album, "Fly on Strange Wings" is considered one of the seminal British folk rock albums of the 1960s and is highly valued by collectors. Around this time Sears teamed up with original Fairport Convention singer, Judy Dyble, and Van Morrison’s Them organist, Jackie McAuley, to form the band Trader Horne.
In the summer of 1969, he left Trader Horne just before they began recording. Blue Cheer guitarist Leigh Stephens invited him to the California for the first time. Sears, Stephens, Micky Waller (drummer), and Jack Reynolds (singer) formed Silver Metre, recorded one album at Trident Studios in London, England, released on the National General label, produced by their manager, FM rock radio pioneer Tom Donahue. After Silver Metre broke up, Sears had returned to England to play on the Rod Stewart album "Gasoline Alley".
Stoneground manager Tom Donahue recruited Sears in London,during their Medicine Ball Caravan (1970) European tourlater returning to the Marin County with them to record their first album, also produced by Tom Donahue.
From 1970 through 1974, Sears returned to session work, including playing on Rod Stewart's early British solo albums, "Gasoline Alley", "Every Picture Tells a Story" including the hit singles "Maggie May" and "Reason To Believe", "Never a Dull Moment", and "Smiler". He also played bass with the Long John Baldry Blues Band on their first tour of the U.S., and played bass and keyboards with John Cipollina in the band Copperhead.
Sears left Copperhead just before recording their first album to work on Rod Stewart’s "Never a Dull Moment" album in London, but mainly to join a new band Nicky Hopkins was putting together. Hopkins, who was on tour with the Rolling Stones had rented Sears a house in Mill Valley, California until he finished with the Stones tour. However, Hopkins was ultimately unable to form the band due to ill health and a dislike of the road. Sears went on to co-produce, arrange the music and play on, Kathi McDonald’s "Insane Asylum" album, using guest artists like Sly Stone, The Pointer Sisters, Nils Lofgren, Neal Schon, Aynsley Dunbar, and the Tower of Power horns. He also co-founded a band called Sears, Schon, Errico with Neal Schon and Greg Errico, playing the Diamond Head Crater Festival in Hawaii, as well as several California shows.
Sears spent two weeks recording with Ike Turner at Ike's studio, Bolic Sound in Los Angeles, California. Tina Turner came down one night and recorded vocals on some of the tracks they had recorded, including a version of George Harrison's song Something In The Way She Moves on which Turner changed the "she" to "he".
With Jefferson Starship and Hot Tuna.
In 1974, Sears was a founding member of the original Jefferson Starship, switching back and forth between bass and keyboards with his close friend, David Freiberg. He also wrote two or three songs per album with Grace Slick. Grace and Pete wrote the song Hyperdrive for the "Dragon Fly" album. "Dragon Fly", made in 1974, was the first official "Jefferson Starship" release as a band. During the 1970s and early 1980s he would perform a ten-minute bass solo regardless of the size of the venue, even when playing to a 100,000 people in New York City’s Central Park in 1976. Singer Grace Slick left the band after her non-appearance caused a riot in Germany in 1978; within months drummer John Barbata was severely injured in a car crash and the band's other singer, Marty Balin, also left. The band hired vocalist Mickey Thomas and, at Sears' suggestion, drummer Aynsley Dunbar. The band's musical direction changed, adopting a hard rock edge after Kantner hired rock producer Ron Nevison. Slick left the band for one album, "Freedom At Point Zero" and Sears' wife Jeannette Sears became one of the principal lyricists alongside Kantner, and Chaquico. Pete and Jeannette wrote some of the band's best-known songs, such as "Stranger", "Save Your Love", and "Winds of Change". Grace had rejoined by this time, and Sears remained with the band after the departure of leader Paul Kantner and the subsequent name change to "Starship", but he became increasingly at odds with the commercial direction the band was taking. Pete and Jeannette were working heavily on Central American human rights issues at this time, and wrote several songs on the subject that were considered by the band to be too controversial in nature. He played only bass on the double-platinum 1985 album "Knee Deep in the Hoopla" and finally left the group in 1987. Starship went on to record several more albums with Austrian pop producer Peter Wolf and his wife Ina who had penned such AM radio hits as "Sara" and "No Way Out". After Sears left, the band became progressively more commercial, alienating a large portion of their old fan base.
In the early 90's Pete played keyboards with San Francisco based psychedelic,jazz,rock band ZERO. Pete has sat in with ZERO as recently as 2013.
From 1992 to 2001, Sears played keyboards with Jefferson Airplane's Jorma Kaukonen, and Jack Casady, in Hot Tuna. 
The band also included Michael Falzarano and Harvey Sorgen. They would sometimes tour as "The Jorma Kaukonen Trio" with Sears playing bass on the keyboards with his left hand. Sears sometimes teaches piano at Jorma Kaukonen's, Fur Peace Ranch guitar Camp in south eastern Ohio. In 2011, Hot Tuna flew Sears out to New York City to perform at Jorma Kaukonen's 70th birthday bash at the Beacon Theater. As well as his old Tuna band-mates, Sears played that night with Bob Weir, Steve Earl, and Oteil Burbridge.
Other collaborations.
Through the years, he has recorded or performed with many other people, including Jerry Garcia, David Nelson, Warren Haynes, Leigh Stephens, Nick Gravenites, Peter Rowan, Steve Cropper, Roy Harper, Nicky Hopkins, Steve Kimock, Zydeco Flames, Ron Wood, Leftover Salmon, Eric McFadden, Betty Davis, Bob Weir, Mickey Hart, and Phil Lesh.
He has also worked live and in the studio and performed with John Lee Hooker, who wrote and recorded a song with Sears, called "Elizabeth". He has shared the stage with artists like Jimi Hendrix, The Allman Brothers, Los Lobos, Alvin Youngblood Hart, Sam Bush, Elvis Costello, Paul Butterfield, Michael Bloomfield, Levon Helm, the Grateful Dead, David Crosby, and Carlos Santana among others.
Sears' solo CDs include "Watchfire" with guests Jerry Garcia, Babatunde Olatunji, David Grisman, Mickey Hart, Mimi Farina, and Holly Near. Along with Jeannette, who wrote the majority of the album's lyrics, Sears became involved with human rights issues in Central America during the 1980s, and led a highly successful radio drive to raise food and clothing for refugees from the civil wars of Guatemala and El Salvador sheltering in the bay area. They formed a non-profit video production company called “Watchfire Productions”, with Mark Adler, Mary McCue Obrian, and Emmy award winning documentary film director Ray Telles, producing a music video about human rights abuses on the Mayas of Guatemala. The project was funded by Jerry Garcia and the Rex Foundation, the Tides Foundation, and Earth Island Institute. Hundreds of free copies of the video were distributed free of charge to human rights organizations around the world working to help stop the genocide in Central America. It was also aired extensively on the Canadian Much Music TV channel. During the mid-to late 1980s, Sears and singer songwriter, activist Mimi Farina, played at many benefits and protests in the San Francisco Bay Area in support of various Central American human rights, and environmental related causes. He once joined bluesman Nick Gravenites on the back of a flat bed truck, to drive down Market Street in San Francisco, playing the blues in support of nuclear disarmament, and protesting the US backed injustices in Central America. They were joined by a hundred thousand other peace marchers.
In 1988, a group of citizens from the Soviet Union marched across the USA as a show of support for peace and the end of the Cold War between the two countries. On July 16, 1988, a concert was held in the Band Shell in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park, organised by Ron Frazier and Bill McCarthy, who had hosted a previous event for the marchers in Los Angeles. Sears was asked to provide and organize the music for the event, so he invited his current band, ZERO, along with other musician friends including Jerry Garcia, whose band the Grateful Dead were performing later that night at the Greek Theater in Berkeley. Several Soviet rock bands, folk singers, and poets from the march also performed as well as two Tibeten drummers. Speeches were also held. http://www.phutube.com/jerry-garcia-band/jerry-garcia-with-zero-golden-gate-park-1988-think/
Sears performed at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame tribute to John Lee Hooker at Stanford University as one of Hooker's guests. He also wrote a song with Hooker, "Elizabeth", which they performed live together in the studio on Sears' solo album "The Long Haul". The track, “Elizabeth” was the last “live in the studio” band performance with no overdubs that John Lee Hooker was to record before his death in July 2001. "The Long Haul" includes guests Davey Pattison, Charlie Musselwhite, Levon Helm, Jorma Kaukonen, Jack Casady, Steve Kimock, Francis Clay, Maria Muldaur, Wavy Gravy, Shanna Morrison, Rich Kirch and John Lee Hooker.
Pete Sears is now a full-time member of Moonalice and also plays with David Nelson Band and Harvey Mandel.
Jeannette Sears.
Pete and his wife Jeannette met in 1971 and began their relationship as a songwriting team. They married in 1975 in Mill Valley, California.
They became active with numerous Central American relief organizations through the '80s, working on benefits and immediate relief to refugees. In the late 1980s they spearheaded a radio drive in the San Francisco Bay area to raise food and clothing for refugees fleeing the ravages of civil war in Guatemala and El Salvador. In 1988, the California Institute of Integral Studies gave them an award for humanitarian work in the Bay area. Her passion for social justice shows up in her first novel, "A Light Rain Of Grace".
Discography.
Pete Sears appears on the following albums:

</doc>
<doc id="31175603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175603" title="Fly from Here">
Fly from Here

Fly from Here is the twentieth studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes. 
Yes' first studio album since "Magnification" (2001), it is also the only one to feature Canadian singer Benoît David, and only the second album (after 1980's "Drama") without former singer Jon Anderson and with keyboardist Geoff Downes. The line-up is David, Downes, bassist Chris Squire, guitarist Steve Howe and drummer Alan White. The album was produced by Trevor Horn, who was the singer on "Drama", and who had previously produced "90125" (1983) and initially "Big Generator" (1987).
The album takes its name from its main work, "Fly from Here", a 24-minute composition split up into six songs. The basis of the hexalogy was a demo originally recorded by Downes and Horn of The Buggles before they joined Yes in 1980. After Yes disbanded in 1981, Horn and Downes recorded a second demo, and both recordings became the foundation of the tracks "We Can Fly" and "Sad Night at the Airfield".
"Fly from Here" was first released on 22 June 2011 in Japan and France, followed by releases on 1 July in the rest of Europe and Australia and on 12 July in the United States. It peaked at number 30 on the UK Albums Chart, and number 36 on the US "Billboard" 200.
Background.
"Fly from Here" is Yes' first studio album since the release of "Magnification" (2001), the longest gap to date between two Yes studio albums. It is also their only studio album with Canadian singer Benoît David on lead vocals who had replaced long-time member Jon Anderson in 2008. Before joining Yes, David performed as the lead vocalist in Close to the Edge, a Canadian Yes tribute band, for more than 10 years. He remains the lead singer of the Canadian band Mystery, which he joined in 1999.
In 1980, singer Trevor Horn and keyboardist Geoff Downes of The Buggles replaced Yes members Anderson and Rick Wakeman. They feature on "Drama" (1980) and its supporting tour. Before joining the band, Horn and Downes had first approached Squire, Howe, and White with a demo titled "We Can Fly from Here." The first rehearsals had featured Bill Bruford on drums, an original member of Yes who had left in 1972. It was later recorded as a studio demo and was never recorded for "Drama", but it was performed live on the subsequent tour, of which a live performance appears on the compilation live album "The Word is Live" (2005). After Yes disbanded in 1981, Horn and Downes recorded another demo of "We Can Fly from Here", this time as a two-part suite. It was a candidate for inclusion on The Buggles' second album, "Adventures in Modern Recording" (1981) and was eventually featured as a bonus track on the album's 2010 reissue. These two demos and a third (which has not been released) would become the basis of the tracks "We Can Fly", "Sad Night at the Airfield", and "Madman at the Screens". Downes returned to Yes for "Fly from Here", handling "most of the keyboards", following the departure of Oliver Wakeman, who had contributed both to the album's writing and recording.
According to Squire, "Fly from Here" is the band's 11th epic-length piece, their first in 15 years, which clocks in at nearly 24 minutes. "Life on a Film Set" is based on "Riding a Tide," a Buggles demo that was first released on the 2010 reissue of "Adventures in Modern Recording".
The first recording sessions took place between 3 October and 12 November 2010 at SARM West Coast Studios in Los Angeles, California, before resuming in the first week of January 2011. Horn produced the album using the digital audio workstation software Pro Tools. The album was then mixed in April 2011 at SARM West Studios in London, with additional vocals being added.
Cover art.
The cover was designed by artist Roger Dean, who has created many of the group's previous album covers. It is a painting he started in 1970 but had remained uncompleted. He finished it in the style of his current works, but the colour and texture were kept from the original.
Reception.
The album has received positive to mixed reviews. 
Chart performance.
"Fly From Here" entered the French charts at number 147 and climbed to 134 a week later. The album entered the Japanese charts at number 56, the UK charts at number 30, selling 5,242 copies in its first week, and the Scottish charts at number 19. The album made number 43 in the Netherlands and number 31 in Sweden. The album debuted at number 36 in the US, dropping to number 97 in its second week, making it the first Yes album since "Talk" to spend two weeks in the top 100.

</doc>
<doc id="31175625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175625" title="Brian Dempsey (politician)">
Brian Dempsey (politician)

Brian S. Dempsey (born September 30, 1966 in Haverhill, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 3rd Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He is the current Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee.
Prior to serving in the House, Dempsey was a member of the Haverhill City Council from 1988–1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31175636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175636" title="Chris Singleton (basketball)">
Chris Singleton (basketball)

Chris Singleton (born November 21, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Washington Wizards in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was formerly a starting forward for the Florida State Seminoles basketball team. Singleton is listed at 6'9" and currently 228 pounds with a 7'1" wingspan. He was awarded ACC Defensive Player of the Year in 2010 and 2011 while at Florida State. After losing in the Sweet Sixteen of the 2011 NCAA Tournament, Singleton decided to leave FSU for professional basketball when he officially declared himself eligible for the NBA Draft in April 2011.
Professional career.
Singleton was selected by the Washington Wizards with the 18th overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft. His career high in points is 16, which he has achieved twice.
Personal.
Singleton is from Canton, Georgia and played high school basketball at Dunwoody High. He originally played at Cherokee High School for his first 3 high school seasons, but left the school before his senior year.

</doc>
<doc id="31175640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175640" title="Port of Saint John">
Port of Saint John

The Port of Saint John is a port complex that occupies of land along of waterfront. The port is located at the mouth of the Saint John River in the Saint John Harbour in the city of Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, with facilities on both sides of the river. The Port of Saint John is noted for its extreme tidal range and river currents. Because of the semi-diurnal tides and the river influence, slack water occurs at approximately half tide and not at high or low water as at most other ports.
The port is administered by the Saint John Port Authority, a federal agency. Major products shipped through the port include oil, forest products and potash.
History.
The port did not begin to develop in earnest until the influx of United Empire Loyalists in 1783. It developed rapidly as a result of timber trade and shipbuilding. Saint John became the province's leading industrial centre during the 19th century with much of the shipbuilding industry being concentrated on Courtney Bay outside the main harbour area. One of the best known ships built in Saint John was the "Marco Polo" (1851) which became renowned for its speed.
The Irish potato famine of 1845–1849 saw a large immigrant influx, and to handle the new arrivals, the government constructed a quarantine station and hospital on Partridge Island at the mouth of the harbour. The immigration station continued to operate for many decades. In 1859, Partridge Island also became known as the site of the first successful demonstration of an automated steam-powered foghorn, invented by the Scotsman Robert Foulis who had settled in the city. The foghorn is "ranked by historians as one of the most outstanding in the development of navigation aids."
For many years, the Port prospered as the winter port for Montreal. In 1889 the Canadian Pacific Railway opened a line across the state of Maine from Montreal to Saint John and transferred the majority of its trans-Atlantic passenger and cargo shipping to the port during the winter months. 
During the First World War, the Port of Saint John became a trans-shipment point for the British Empire's war effort. It had less importance during World War II as the navy focus had been consolidated in Halifax.
The port suffered a decline following the opening of the St. Lawrence Seaway and the introduction of icebreaker services in the Seaway in the 1960s. In 1994 CPR left Saint John when it sold the line to shortline operator New Brunswick Southern Railway. The Canadian National Railway still services Saint John with a secondary mainline from Moncton.
Port facilities.
There are several marine facilities situated on either side of the harbour.
The west side of the harbour includes:
The east side of the harbour includes:
Former facilities:

</doc>
<doc id="31175655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175655" title="Trevor Treharne">
Trevor Treharne

Trevor Treharne is a sports journalist who is currently editor of FourFourTwo.
Early life and education.
Treharne was born in Essex, England, and was educated at the University of Brighton.
Awards.
In 2009, he was a finalist in the Best Profiling of an Athlete, Team or Coach - Print Media category of the Australian Sports Commission (ASC) Media Awards for his feature on Gold Coast United. Later that year he was runner up for Journalist of the Year at the Publishers Australia Excellence Awards. In 2010 he was runner up for Single Article of the Year at the Publishers Australia Excellence Awards, while FourFourTwo won Integrated Media Brand of the Year, Website of the Year and the overall Publishers Australia Excellence Award.

</doc>
<doc id="31175658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175658" title="Grammata Serica Recensa">
Grammata Serica Recensa

The Grammata Serica Recensa is a dictionary of Old Chinese published by the Swedish sinologist Bernard Karlgren in 1957.
Bernard Karlgren made fundamental contributions to the study of the phonology of Middle and Old Chinese, which he called Ancient and Archaic Chinese respectively.
In the course of his study of the sound system of Old Chinese, Karlgren focused on the clues provided by phono-semantic compound characters.
His "homorganic principle", that the initials of characters sharing a phonetic component had a common point of articulation, has been central to subsequent studies of Old Chinese.
In 1923 he published his "Analytic dictionary" of Middle Chinese, grouping characters by phonetic series and drawing inferences about Old Chinese sounds.
An expanded dictionary including Karlgren's reconstructions in Old Chinese, the "Grammata Serica", appeared in 1940.
An extensive revision, the "Grammata Serica Recensa" appeared in 1957, including the results of Karlgren's studies of pre-Han texts, as well as indicating tones, which were omitted in the first version.
Although Karlgren's Old Chinese reconstructions have been superseded, his comprehensive dictionary remains a valuable reference for students of Old Chinese.
As late as 1998 it was described as "the only good Chinese–English dictionary of Classical Chinese".
Supplements to the GSR continue to appear, remedying such defects as the limited indexing and obsolete reconstructions.
The Sino-Tibetan Etymological Dictionary and Thesaurus (STEDT) project uses an electronic form of the GSR and has donated a mapping to Unicode, which is now included in the Unicode dataset.
Organization.
Each numbered entry consists of a series of characters with a common phonetic element.
Characters within each entry are labelled by lowercase letters (excluding "w"), supplemented with prime symbols as required.
Some of these are ancient variant forms.
Each distinct character is given with pronunciation in Old Chinese, Middle Chinese and Modern Standard Chinese, as well as definitions from ancient sources.
An example entry is
Tones (omitted in the earlier "Grammata Serica") are indicated in the Middle Chinese form by appending ":" (rising tone) or "-" (departing tone), with the level and entering tones unmarked.
The names of texts containing the various uses are abbreviated, here Shï for "Shijing", "Lunyü" ("The Analects"), Tso for "Zuo Zhuan", Shu for "Shujing" and Yi for "I Ching".
These entries are grouped according to the rhyme groups extracted by traditional Chinese scholarship from the rhyming practice of the "Shijing", in accordance with the observation of Duan Yucai that characters in the same phonetic series fell in the same rhyme group.
The radical index covers only the head character in each entry.

</doc>
<doc id="31175683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175683" title="Mario Korbel">
Mario Korbel

Mario Joseph Korbel, American sculptor born in Osik, Bohemia (now Czech Republic) on March 22, 1882 to a clergyman, Joseph Korbel and his wife Katherina Dolezal Korbel. He began studying sculpture in his homeland, continuing his studies after moving to the United States at age 18. He returned to Europe and continued his studies in Berlin, Munich and Paris.
He was one of a dozen sculptors invited to compete in the Pioneer Woman statue competition in 1927, which he failed to win.
Korbel was a member of the National Sculpture Society. He was elected into the National Academy of Design in 1937 as an Associate member and became a full Academician in 1944.
He died March 31, 1954.
Works.
His sculpture can be found at:
as well as several the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="31175688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175688" title="Rose Chibambo">
Rose Chibambo

Rose Lomathinda Chibambo (born 8 September 1928) was a prominent politician in the British Protectorate of Nyasaland in the years leading up to independence as the state of Malawi in 1964, and immediately after.
Rose Chibambo organised Malawian women in their political fight against the British as a political force to be reckoned with alongside their menfolk in the push for independence. She was imprisoned in 1959, while pregnant with her 5th child, along with other Malawians whom the Federal government felt were a threat to British rule. She gave birth while imprisoned and was not released till a year later. After Malawi gained independence, Rose Chibambo was the first woman minister in the new cabinet. When she fell out with Dr. Hastings Banda she was forced into exile for thirty years, returning after the restoration of democracy
Background.
Rose Lomathinda Chibambo (Ziba maiden name)was born in Kafukule, Mzimba District on 8 September 1928 when Nyasaland was still a protectorate under British colonial rule. 
In 1947, she married Edwin Chibambo, formerly a teacher and now a civil servant. 
Her husband was the son of the Reverend Yesaya Chibambo, one of the first Africans in the protectorate to be ordained as a Christian minister. In 1948 her husband was posted to the Zomba Public Works department. She completed her secondary education at night school in Zomba in 1948 while pregnant with her first child. She had another child in 1951, and four more later. The youngest was born in 1961. 
Nyasaland African Congress leader.
In 1952, Rose became aware of Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) politics during the controversy over the colonial government's plan to make Nyasaland part of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, which the NAC saw as a betrayal of the agreement by the government to put the interests of Africans first. She decided that women should be more involved in the struggle, and began to organise her friends in Zomba, mostly the wives of civil servants. Some issues were specific to women, such as the fact that in some stores women could only do their shopping through a wicket, and that elderly women were not examined in private in the hospitals, but in rooms filled with women of all ages. 
She once stated: "know, we are the mothers. We are the ones who bring out children and these children are employed by Wenela [in South Africa at that time. They go to Wenela and most of them die there. They don't come back alive. And then there's a lot of oppression. There's this "thangata" and with that federation, unfortunately for them, that time, they had already started removing people in the areas where they thought it was best for Europeans or it was best for farming ... They wanted to make room for Europeans to settle. I said, you can see all these things. Now, we are being removed in our rural areas. We are being pushed here and there. And the women understood. They said, oh yes, then we must do something".
In 1953 Edwin Chibambo was transferred to Blantyre, according to Rose because of his political activities. Rose Chibambo joined the local NAC branch and was elected treasurer, the first woman to hold a senior position in the NAC. In Blantyre, she joined forces with Vera Chirwa to form the Nyasaland African Women's League, closely associated with the NAC.
Executives of the Women's League would select fabric from which they made matching outfits. The purpose was to show solidarity at public occasions, identifying members as a group.
She respected the moderate leaders of the NAC but thought some, including the President J.R.N. Chinyama, had been too cautious. In Chinyama's case this might be since he remembered his father's execution after the Chilembe uprising of 1915. She rejected federation and in the later part of 1955 she was among those who called for the withdrawal of the NAC members Manowa Chirwa and Clement Kumbikano from the Federal parliament in Salisbury. At 30 March 1956 annual general meeting in Blantyre the delegates from Johannesburg supported her position on non-co-operation with the Federal government, although she had been pessimistic that they would be given a hearing. 
In 1956, Rose Chibambo organised a group of women to protest when the NAC president James Frederick Sangala and secretary T.D.T. Banda were arrested for sedition. Her group was arrested and fined after they travelled by bus to the High Court in Zomba singing:
In a 1999 interview, Rose described the use of song at the women's meetings. She said "In most cases, our singing, like in the woman's league, we would take some of the songs sung in the villages, then we put in political words to suit the occasion... There wasn't any particular person at that time, that this was the one who composed those songs for us to sing. No, it was just general singing. Just as we are here. You could start a song, and our songs in most cases, our African songs, they are traditional. They are not difficult to sing. We could easily pick it up, and then we would all sing". She was quite clear that singing and dancing was not the primary purpose of the women's meetings. She said "I had this feeling ... women should be part and parcel of the whole movement, even of running the country. Women should be involved in decision making. That was my aim". 
Hastings Banda period.
In July 1958, Dr. Hastings Banda was elected President of the Congress, and began to tour the country speaking out for independence. In 1958, Chibambo organised the League of Malawi Women. The group used the profits from a monopoly on the sale of millet beer to fund their activities. With growing tension between the NAC and the colonial authorities, in a January 1959 Congress meeting it was agreed that if Banda was arrested or deported a general strike would be called. Rose Chibambo would become a member of a four-person executive committee to conduct the affairs of the congress in Banda's absence. 
On 3 March 1959, the governor Robert Armitage declared a state of emergency. Over the next 24 hours, almost all the MCP leaders were arrested. 
In April 1959, "Jet" magazine reported: "The top woman leader of the outlawed African National Congress, Mrs. Rose Chibambo, 29, who was arrested after giving birth to her fifth child, has taken the infant with her to jail". 
She had been allowed to remain at liberty until the child was born. The British later accepted that independence for Nysasaland was inevitable, and released Hastings Banda in March 1960.
Banda was appointed Life President of the Malawi Congress Party (MCP), the successor to the NAC. The MCP swept the elections to the Legislative Council in 1961. 
Rose Chibambo won the Mzimba South seat in the 1963 elections and was made Deputy Minister for Hospitals, Prisons and Social Welfare. On 1 February 1963, Nyasaland gained self-governance, and Banda was appointed Prime Minister. The country became independent as Malawi in 1964. Elections to the National Assembly scheduled for May 1964 were dropped since the MCP was the only party to nominate candidates, and they took their seats unopposed.
Dismissal and later career.
On 7 September 1964 there was a cabinet crisis, in which Chibambo and others opposed Hastings Banda. 
Issues included Banda's decision to charge for health services and to move slowly in Africanization of the civil service. This was coupled with a general feeling that Banda was becoming increasingly autocratic. Chibambo was dismissed from the cabinet the next day. Banda declared that the rebel leaders were traitors to the state and threats to national security. Chibambo and the others were suspended from the party, which prevented them from attending party meetings and prevented members of the party from attending their meetings, giving Banda full control of the MCP. She and her husband faced constant harassment until they fled to Zambia in 1965, where they faced the challenge of starting a new life. 
Rose Chibambo returned to Malawi in 1994.
She became a businesswoman in Mzuzu, and was prominent in politics and church activities. She was a member of Church Action Relief Development, which assists the orphans of victims of HIV/AIDS, the Christian Service Committee, the Malawi Council of Churches and the Interdenominational Support Group for Prisoners.
Legacy.
In 2009 the Prime Minister Bingu wa Mutharika met Rose Chibambo and honoured her, naming a street in Mzuzu City after her. 
As of 1 January 2012, she appears on Malawi’s 200 Kwacha banknote. 
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31175696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175696" title="Mikey Erg">
Mikey Erg

Mikey Erg (real name Mike Yannich) is a punk rock drummer, guitarist, and vocalist, from New Jersey. He has played in numerous bands, most famously The Ergs!, but also Star Fucking Hipsters, The Dopamines, The Unlovables, Dirtbike Annie, and Parasites, and is also a solo artist on Paper + Plastick Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31175707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175707" title="Wake Up World">
Wake Up World

"Wake Up World" is the 2010 official single for the Swedish charity "Hjälp Haiti" (Help Haiti). The song was written by Erik Anjou and interpreted by Karl Martindahl, Daniel Karlsson and Robin Bengtsson. The initiative for the song was by Andreas Wistrand of the band Highlights. Song writer Erik Anjou and music producer Keith Almgren donated all proceeds of the song to FRII (making up 103 organizations).
Hjälp Haiti.
"Hjälp Haiti" was a collection of 14 different organisations engaged in helping Haiti after its earthquake. Under FRII, (Frivilligorganisationernas Insamlingsråd) and TV4 Group, the organizations included: 
Participating artists.
Artists involved in the project included:
Performances.
The song was performed live on TV4 television station's program "Nyhetsmorgon" with Andreas Wistrand made the presentation alongside Maria Ros Jernberg, communications manager of FRII.

</doc>
<doc id="31175717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175717" title="Minuscule 857 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 857 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 857 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε28 (von Soden), is a 12th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has complex context.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Luke and Gospel of John on 391 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 28 lines per page.
It is ornamented.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles") at the top of the pages.
It contains Prolegomena, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each of the Gospels, and a commentary of Theophylact's authorship.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in any Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
F. H. A. Scrivener and C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 12th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (670e) and Gregory (857e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Gr. 645), in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31175735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175735" title="Robin Gianattassio-Malle">
Robin Gianattassio-Malle

Robin Gianattassio-Malle is an American journalist and producer specializing in the use of aural and visual media and is Founder and Executive Director of Blue Egg Media, established in 2008.
Gianattassio-Malle lives and works in the San Francisco Bay Area. A former Director of The Center for Word, Text and Image, she is currently a visiting Professor in the Department of Design and Technology at the San Francisco Art Institute and at the California College of the Arts (CCA), where she teaches courses using interview as a medium for the Upper Division Interdisciplinary Department as well as the Visual Criticism Department.
Education.
Gianattassio-Malle earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts and a Master of Fine Arts from the San Francisco Art Institute San Francisco, California.
In 2000, she was one of twelve journalists awarded a John S. Knight Professional Journalism Fellowship, at Stanford University in Stanford, California where she conducted independent research and participated in J.S. Knight journalism seminars and discussions with Donald Kennedy, Condoleezza Rice, and Anna Deavere Smith.
Journalism career.
Gianattassio-Malle’s career began as a reporter, producer and host with the National Public Radio (NPR) and Pacifica Network and was a founding member of the KPFA apprenticeship program, recently rebranded as First Voice Media. 
In 1988, Gianattassio-Malle became the founding producer and director of Forum, a live two-hour daily live call-in program at NPR Affiliate San Francisco KQED-FM. Gianattassio-Malle produced and reported on a wide range of issues that focused on local, national and international affairs and developments in business, politics, technology, arts and sciences.
Several media arts awards were given to Gianattassio-Malle in the early 1990s from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) to produce: Silver Threads 1989, Weaving New Images of Aging, a documentary featuring women from around the globe, Original Treasure 1990, a radio documentary on inter-generational friendship and TimeIn TimeOut 1993, a documentary on living with life threatening illness. 
During that same period, Gianattassio-Malle produced and directed The Persian Gulf: A National Debate, hosted by Alex Chadwick and distributed via satellite over the NPR network.
During the mid-nineties, Gianattassio-Malle produced and guest hosted the Commonwealth Club of California, a national weekly radio broadcast with topics ranging from politics, culture, society and economics, distributed to over seventy-five radio stations throughout the United States. 
Later, Gianattassio-Malle was awarded the World Affairs Council of Northern California, Asilomar Media Fellowshipand the Corporation of Public Broadcasting, Multi-cultural Producer Forum Fellowship. 
In 2010, Gianattassio-Malle received a fellowship from Carnegie Mellon University, STUDIO for Creative Inquiry. Gianattassio-Malle’s residency at the STUDIO, produced a multimedia public interest program focused on the Marcellus Shale natural gas reserves in Pennsylvania, the economic development, and the environmental and social impact on the region.

</doc>
<doc id="31175744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175744" title="1999 Walker Cup">
1999 Walker Cup

The 1999 Walker Cup, the 37th Walker Cup Match, was played on 11–12 September 1999, at Nairn Golf Club in Nairn, Scotland. The event was won by Great Britain and Ireland 15 to 9.
Format.
The format for play on Saturday and Sunday was the same. There were four matches of foursomes in the morning and eight singles matches in the afternoon. In all, 24 matches were played.
Each of the 24 matches is worth one point in the larger team competition. If a match is all square after the 18th hole extra holes are not played. Rather, each side earns ½ a point toward their team total. The team that accumulates at least 12½ points wins the competition. If the two teams are tied, the previous winner retains the trophy.
Teams.
Ten players for the USA and Great Britain & Ireland participate in the event plus one non-playing captain for each team.

</doc>
<doc id="31175765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175765" title="Frank Emilio">
Frank Emilio

Frank A. Emilio (born August 31, 1935 in Haverhill, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 3rd Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1981–1991. Prior to serving in the House, he spent six years as a Haverhill City Councilor.
Emilio was defeated by Haverhill City Councilor Brian Dempsey in the 1990 Democratic primary.

</doc>
<doc id="31175772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175772" title="Punished">
Punished

Punished is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Law Wing-cheong. The film stars Anthony Wong, Richie Ren, and Janice Man.
Cast.
The story started with real estate tycoon Wong Ho-Chiu (Anthony Wong Chau-Sang) who celebrates his wife's (Maggiue Cheung ho-yee) birthday and his daughter's, Daisy (Janice Man) who wanted to travel overseas. He had an argument with his daughter and his daughter ran out of house. The next day Wong Ho-Chiu receives a video message of Daisy who has been kidnapped and the kidnappers requested 10 million for the release. Wong Ho-Chiu never reported to police because he thought it was his own daughter who abduct herself and requests money for it. He warned the kidnapper that if anything happens to Daisy, he will stop at nothing to avenge for her. The kidnappers got agitated because of it and killed Daisy. Wong Ho-Chiu asked his most trust bodyguard Chor (Richen Ren) to check on it. Out of the search, Chor manage to find out the location of Daisy who has been killed. Wong Ho-Chiu suffered great pain when he learned that his daughter Daisy was killed. He lied to everyone saying that Daisy is alive and was sent to L.A. Wong Ho-Chiu turns to his trusted bodyguard Chor to seek out the perpetrators and exact revenge. Wong Ho-Chiu goes one step further and orders Chor to videotape each of their executions. Each time a videotape of the execution been sent to Wong Ho-Chiu, he will carry out a prayer of it. When the third perpetrator has been tracked, Wong Ho-Chiu's wife gets to know about the matter and requested Wong Ho-Chiu to let go the avenge but he insisted on it hence his wife leave him and went back to her house. During Wong Ho-Chiu body check-up, his doctor told him that his assistant came to pick up Daisy's heart ailment medicine. Only then did Wong Ho-Chiu realized who the final perpetrator is and requested Chor to bring him over as he wanted to kill that person himself. The final perpetrator is the girl assistant to Daisy and when they fighting, she fell on to the rooftop and fell down but the girl had a daughter. When Wong Ho-Chiu saw the daughter, he recall back Daisy childhood and he had a second thoughts of it...
Release.
The film was released in Hong Kong on 5 May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31175779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175779" title="Alaska-Juneau Gold Mining Company">
Alaska-Juneau Gold Mining Company

The Alaska-Juneau Gold Mining Company (AJGMC) was incorporated under the laws of West Virginia, USA in 1897. Its lode mining claims covered approximately on the wide vein called the Juneau Gold Belt of which it owned one mile on the outcrop.
Mining properties and operations.
The company's property was in Alaska's Juneau mining district. The AJGMC purchased over two dozen patented claims in the Silver Bow Basin for lode mining low grade gold ore. The main group of claims was about in length and about in width, occurring over approximately on the southeast side of Gold Creek. About of outlying group claims were in Snowslide Gulch. Tunnels and the mill site stretched to the Gastineau Channel. 
The Alaska-Juneau mine was located from Juneau. The property also included the Lane & Hayward mine and the Bennet mine. The company's two stamp mills, driven exclusively by water power, were located on Gold Creek. Its 30-stamp mill was in operation from 1896 to 1914. The Ebner Gold Mining Company property adjoined the AJGMC on the northwest.
Business operations.
Its Transfer Agent was Central Trust Company while its Registrar was Metropolitan Trust Company. The corporation office was located in Charleston, West Virginia. The Annual meeting was held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in April at the San Francisco office. 
The AJGMC and the Alaska Treadwell Gold Mining Company had integrated management and stockholding interests as, in 1900, Frederick W. Bradley purchased a major interest in AJGMC. He became president of AJGMC and Treadwell. Philip R. Bradley, brother of Frederick, was resident manager during the period of 1914-1920. The business offices of both these companies, as well as the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Company, were in the Mill Building, San Francisco, California. The working offices and records were located at the Treadwell gold mine on the north side of Douglas Island. In 1922, the office and records were moved to the AJGMC mining area on the other side of the Gastineau Channel.
After the Alaska-Juneau mine closed in 1944 because of the World War II labor shortage, AJGMC sold its hydroelectric power to Alaska Electric Light & Power, Juneau's local utility company. In 1972, AEL&P purchased all of the AJGMC holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="31175792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175792" title="Nasirabad Kulgam">
Nasirabad Kulgam

Nasirabad Kulgam is a village in the Kulgam district and has a literacy rate of 100%. All the population belongs to the Ahmadiyya sect of Islam. The main source of income is employment, agriculture and to some extent the crafts. There are many schools in the village imparting education among the masses. According to recent census reports, the total population of the village is about 2000, which includes 1220 males.

</doc>
<doc id="31175799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175799" title="Michael C. Steinlauf">
Michael C. Steinlauf

Michael C. Steinlauf is an Associate Professor of History at Gratz College, Pennsylvania. Steinlauf teaches Jewish history, theatre and culture in Eastern Europe as well as Polish-Jewish relations. He is the author and editor focused on studies of Jewish popular culture in Poland. His work has been translated into Polish, Hebrew, German and Italian. He is the senior historical advisor and member of the planning committee of the Museum of the History of Polish Jews opened in Warsaw, and the Director of Poland's branch of USHMM.

</doc>
<doc id="31175811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175811" title="Frank Kell Cahoon">
Frank Kell Cahoon

Frank Kell Cahoon, Sr. (June 20, 1934 - January 30, 2013), was an oilman and natural gas entrepreneur from Midland, Texas, who was the only Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives in the regular 1965 legislative session. Cahoon served two terms in the legislature from 1965 to 1969. 
Cahoon was not the first Republican member of the chamber since Reconstruction but was outnumbered in his first term, 149 to 1. By 2011, Republicans in the Texas House had reached 101 members to 49 for the Democrats. In 2013, there are ninety-five Republicans and fifty-five Democrats in the state House.
Background.
Cahoon was born in Wichita Falls to Charles Wilbur Cahoon, Jr. (1897–1979), and the former Sibyl Kell (1899–1991). His maternal grandfather and namesake, Frank Kell (December 2, 1859 – September 17, 1941), a native of Clifton in Bosque County in Central Texas, was a diversified businessman and the owner or partner of six regional railroads totaling 1,300 miles of track. Cahoon's father was a partner in one of the Kell railroads, the Clinton-Oklahoma-Western Railroad Company of Texas, which serviced part of the Texas Panhandle. Frank Kell also owned the Wichita Mill and Elevator Company, which he sold in 1928 to General Mills for cash and stock in the latter company. The senior Kell was a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and a leading entrepreneur and philanthropist in Wichita County. In 1885, Frank Kell married the former Lula Kemp. He and his brother-in-law, Joseph A. Kemp, are considered the two principal builders of modern Wichita Falls. Kell and Kemp are names of major streets in Wichita Falls. Cahooon's parents and maternal grandparents are interred at Riverview Cemetery in Wichita Falls.
Cahoon was a nephew by marriage of the Wichita Falls attorney Orville Bullington, the Republican gubernatorial nominee in 1932, having lost to the Democrat Miriam Wallace Ferguson in her second nonconsecutive bid for the office. Bullington, a son-in-law of Frank Kell, was married until his death to Cahoon's aunt, the former Sadie Kell. 
Frank Kell Cahoon lost his namesake grandfather when the boy was only seven years of age. Cahoon graduated in 1952 from Wichita Falls High School, along with another future legislator, Democrat State Senator Ray Farabee of Wichita Falls. Coincidentally, Cahoon, Farabee, and their wives had a chance meeting in 2006 on a cruise ship in New Zealand. 
Cahoon and his wife, the former Paula Powers (born November 11, 1935), both graduated in 1957 from the University of Texas at Austin. His degree is in geology. Cahoon originally attended the Colorado School of Mines in Golden, Colorado, but he transferred to UT in Austin after his freshman year in Colorado, when he met Paula in Abilene. She was scheduled to enroll in UT at the time. 
Cahoon was a first lieutenant in the United States Army Corps of Engineers, stationed at Fort Hood in Killeen, Texas, from 1957 to 1959, at which time the young couple and daughter, now Corrinne Cahoon Bowers and husband Steve of Austin, relocated to Midland.
There are two Kell sons, Frank Kell Cahoon, Jr., and wife Debbie of Austin and Joseph Cahoon and wife Christie of Dallas. Older son Frank Kell Cahoon, Jr., is a filmmaker formerly in Hollywood, known particularly for his work in the television series "Psych" and "The John Larroquette Show" and the film "".
In addition to his Texas oil holdings, Cahoon played a role in the construction of the Kenai oil refinery, one of the first such ventures in Alaska.
Legislative politics.
Cahoon was the only Republican of the Texas state legislative candidates elected on the Barry M. Goldwater ticket on November 3, 1964, when U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson and his running-mate, U.S. Senator Hubert H. Humphrey of Minnesota, swept the electoral votes of Texas. Cahoon left as the only member of his party in the Texas House, and the two Republican U.S. representatives, Bruce Alger of Dallas and Ed Foreman of Odessa, were unseated by Democratic opponents, Earle Cabell and Richard C. White, respectively. The only Republican remaining in statewide office at the time was Senator John G. Tower, of Wichita Falls and later Dallas, whose seat was not contested that year. Tower's first wife, Lou Bullington Tower (1920–2001), coincidentally, was a cousin of Orville Bullington, Cahoon's uncle by marriage. 
When the incumbent Republican Representative William S. Davis decided not to run again in 1964, Cahoon was asked by party leaders to recruit a candidate. Ultimately, the Midland County GOP leadership urged Cahoon himself to run for the seat that Davis was vacating. Cahoon won the seat by a margin of 1,500 votes over his Democratic opponent. His legislative desk was placed in the middle of the House floor. Cahoon served from District 77 in his first term and District 70 in the 1967-1969 session. The district is now No. 82. Cahoon was a member of the House Labor, Public Health, and Revenue and Taxation committees in both of his terms.
In 1972, Cahoon and his legislative successor, Tom Craddick, another Midland energy entrepreneur, encouraged their fellow oilman, Ernest Angelo, Jr., to seek the office of mayor of Midland. Incumbent Edwin H. Magruder, Jr., who had an impressive World War II record, did not seek a third two-year term that year. Craddick believed that the leading candidate for mayor, Mayor Pro Tem Pat M. Baskin (1926–2005), a former chairman of the Midland County Democratic Executive Committee, would use the office to try to derail Craddick’s bid for a third term in the House in the 1972 general election. Angelo agreed to run for mayor if Cahoon would seek one of the at-large city council seats. The deal was struck, and both Angelo and Cahoon ran and won.
Civic affairs.
He served on the boards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board, the Permian Basin Petroleum Museum, the Texas Historical Foundation in Austin, and the Chihuahuan Desert Research Institute. He was active in the First Presbyterian Church of Midland. He is also a member of the boards of Midland Memorial Hospital and the Museum of the Southwest and the Petroleum Museum, both in Midland. Cahoon was also active in the United Way of Midland. Cahoon was an active donor to his "alma mater" as well as the local community college, Midland College. He also was a large donor to the Midland Young Men's Christian Association.
In 2008, Cahoon contributed $2,000 to the candidacy of U.S. Senator John S. McCain, III, of Arizona, the unsuccessful Republican presidential nominee. Earlier, Cahoon had donated to McCain's failed intraparty rival, Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City.
Cahoon died at his home early in 2013 at the age of seventy-eight. His services were held in the First Presbyterian Church of Midland; he was cremated.

</doc>
<doc id="31175835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175835" title="1899 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1899 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Blanche Hillyard (née Bingley) defeated Ruth Durlacher 7–5, 6–8, 6–1 in the All Comers' Final, and then defeated the reigning champion Charlotte Cooper 6–2, 6–3 in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1899 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31175860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175860" title="Egon Beiler">
Egon Beiler

Egon Beiler was born March 28, 1953 in Linz, Austria. He was a past member of two Olympic wrestling teams and has numerous National titles to his name.
A graduate of the University of Western Ontario Dr. Beiler has been practicing in the Kitchener-Waterloo area since 1981. He continues to play squash and curling. He has a cottage in the Beaver Valley area.

</doc>
<doc id="31175869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175869" title="Monster Mania">
Monster Mania

Monster Mania is a short lived Fox series where a kid named Brian McKenzie (voiced by Jeannie Elias) lives at his missing aunt's mansion and can enter a world of monsters via his closet, making friends with a monster named Boo Marang (voiced by Jim Cummings). The series involved dream pirates, balloon creatures, a giant garden, Robin Hood character lookalikes, fairy tales, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="31175870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175870" title="High school boys ice hockey in North Dakota">
High school boys ice hockey in North Dakota

The North Dakota High School Boys Hockey program is a high school ice hockey program in the State of North Dakota. The first boys hockey competition took place in 1961 and was won by Grand Forks Central. Grand Forks Central holds the most boys titles (25). As of 2012, the current boys champions are the Fargo North Spartans.

</doc>
<doc id="31175880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175880" title="1900 Hoboken Docks fire">
1900 Hoboken Docks fire

The 1900 Hoboken Docks fire occurred on June 30, 1900, and killed at least 326 persons in and around the Hoboken, New Jersey piers of the Norddeutscher Lloyd (NDL) shipping company. The piers were located in New York Harbor, at the foot of 3rd and 4th Streets in Hoboken, across the North River (Hudson River) from Manhattan in New York City. The area, a few blocks north of Hoboken Terminal, is now mostly part of the Hudson River, without docks; a waterfront bicycle path lines it. There is, however, a "Pier C Park" on the northern side of the disaster area, which juts out into the water.
The fire began when cotton bales stored on NDL’s southernmost wharf caught fire, and winds carried the flames to nearby barrels of volatile liquids, such as turpentine and oil, which exploded in rapid succession. It burned NDL’s Hoboken piers to the waterline, consumed or gutted nearby warehouses, gutted three of NDL’s major transatlantic liners, and damaged or destroyed nearly 24 smaller craft. Most of the victims were seamen and other workers, but included women visiting one of the ships.
Ocean liner losses.
Many of the deaths occurred as the flames reached several of NDL’s transatlantic steamships docked at the piers, including the , , and . These ocean liners, which caught fire while their coal-fired steam engines were cold, became deathtraps for dozens of seamen and visitors who were unable to reach safety on deck, squeeze through portholes, or otherwise escape.
"Saale" was gutted, with the highest death toll. After she became engulfed in flames, her mooring lines were cut, leaving her to drift as fire reached those further below deck. Finally towed after she drifted toward New York piers, she settled in the Jersey flats near Liberty Island. Her death toll included her captain (August Johann Mirow), and members (primarily women) of a group known as Christian Endeavor, who were visiting the ship before the fire started.
"Main" was furthest from the fire’s starting point, but was soon engulfed with fire. She was unable to get loose from her moorings for more than seven hours, until the fire was nearly over. Damaged nearly beyond repair, "Main" was ultimately towed to Weehawken, New Jersey, where she was beached. Amazingly, 16 coal trimmers who had survived the fire hiding in a coal bunker then crawled out of the hulk. Two days after the fire began, the red-hot ship continued to smolder and smoke, which further delayed rescue and recovery efforts.
"Bremen" also burned intensely. After her crew threw off her mooring lines, she drifted until she was towed to mid-stream by tugs. She eventually ran aground upriver near Weehawken. More than 200 people were on board when the fire began, including visitors. Initial reports indicated that all managed to leave the ship, but many jumped and may not have reached shore.
Many who died in the fires were interred at the Flower Hill Cemetery, North Bergen.
The holder of the Blue Riband at the time of the fire— NDL’s —was also docked in the company’s Hoboken piers, but fared better than its sister ships. She was the first of the steamers that tugs tried to pulled away from the pier (15 minutes after the fire began). Although she was afire at several places, fireboats soon put out those fires, and in the end she suffered little serious damage.
The fire erupted on a Saturday that was considered a “half-holiday” when no departures were scheduled. Had any of the ships been ready to sail, the loss of life and property would have been much greater.
Other losses.
The fire also destroyed several Campbell Stores warehouses, built by the Hoboken Land & Improvement Company, the nearby piers of the Scandinavian America Line and a railroad shed. According to the "New York Times" the railroad shed belonged to West Shore Railroad, although it was more likely a shed of Hoboken Shore Railroad (which connected the West Shore Railroad's lines at the Weehawken Terminal to the Hoboken docks). A shed of Hamburg America Line was partly chopped down during the fire by the fire service to avoid spreading of the fire to the Hamburg America Line piers. The total value of property losses due to the fire was estimated (the morning after the fire) at $6.175 million, and (the following year) at $5.35 million.
Aftermath.
The NDL replaced its Hoboken piers with larger, stronger and more fireproof structures. The new steel piers were known as Hoboken Pier Nos. 1, 2, and 3. All of the damaged ocean liners returned to maritime service, "Saale" under a different name (the SS "J. L. Luckenbach").
On the first anniversary of the fire, a large granite monument was dedicated in Flower Hill Cemetery in North Bergen, New Jersey above a mass grave containing unidentifiable bodies of the victims, listing the names of the dead and missing.
News stories of the fire had described below-deck crew “trying in vain to force their way through the small portholes, while the flames pressed relentlessly upon them.” The fire prompted arguments that portholes on all ships should be at least in size, to make it easier for them to serve as a means of escape. Others responded that making portholes larger would be cost-prohibitive, or come at the expense of structural strength. In the end, regulations required portholes to be big enough for a person of reasonable size to escape.
Five years later, a fire consumed the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad's Hoboken ferry piers.
The piers immediately south of the NDL piers, owned before World War I by Hamburg America Line, were destroyed in future fires. In 1921, two of the three piers (Hoboken Pier Nos. 5 and 6) were consumed in a fire that also singed the . Then, in August 1944, Pier No. 4 burned, killing three and briefly setting afire the SS "Nathaniel Alexander", a Liberty ship.

</doc>
<doc id="31175895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175895" title="Ann-Margaret Ferrante">
Ann-Margaret Ferrante

Ann-Margaret Ferrante is an American politician who represents the 5th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="31175897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175897" title="Cortical stimulation mapping">
Cortical stimulation mapping

Cortical stimulation mapping (often shortened to CSM) is a type of electrocorticography that involves a physically invasive procedure and aims to localize the function of specific brain regions through direct electrical stimulation of the cerebral cortex. It remains one of the earliest methods of analyzing the brain and has allowed researchers to study the relationship between cortical structure and systemic function. Cortical stimulation mapping is used for a number of clinical and therapeutic applications, and remains the preferred method for the pre-surgical mapping of the motor cortex and language areas to prevent unnecessary functional damage. There are also some clinical applications for cortical stimulation mapping, such as the treatment of epilepsy.
History.
The history of cortical stimulation mapping dates back to the late 19th century. Neurologists David Ferrier and Victor Horsley were some of the first to utilize this technique. Ferrier and Horsley employed CSM to further grasp the structure and function of the pre-Rolandic and post-Rolandic areas, also known as the pre central gyrus and post central gyrus. Prior to the development of more advanced methods, in 1888 C.B. Nancrede utilized a battery operated bipolar probe in order to map the motor cortex. In 1937, Wilder Penfield and Boldrey were able to show that stimulating the precentral gyrus elicited a response contralaterally; a significant finding given that it correlated to the anatomy based on which part of the brain was stimulated. In the early 1900s Charles Sherrington began to use monopolar stimulation in order to elicit a motor response. This technique allowed Sherrington to determine that the precentral gyrus (pre-Rolandic area) is a motor cortex and the postcentral gyrus (post-Rolandic area) is a sensory cortex. These findings, which were repeated by Harvey Cushing through the early 1900s, show that the Rolandic fissure is the point of separation between the motor and sensory cortices. Cushing's work with CSM moved it from an experimental technique to one that became a staple neurosurgery technique used to map the brain and treat epilepsy. Cushing took work that had previously been done on animals, specifically chimpanzees and orangutans, and was able to utilize cortical stimulation mapping to account for the differences between these species and humans. Cushing's work dramatically increased the effectiveness of the treatment utilizing cortical stimulation mapping, as neurosurgeons were now utilizing a more updated picture of the brain.
Procedure.
Cortical stimulation mapping is an invasive procedure that has to be completed during a craniotomy. Once the dura mater is peeled back, an electrode is placed on the brain to test motor, sensory, language, or visual function at a specific brain site. The electrode delivers an electrical current lasting from 2 to 10 seconds on the surface of the brain, causing a reversible lesion in a particular brain location. This lesion can prevent or produce a testable response, such as the movement of a limb or the ability to identify an object. The electrical current from the electrode stimulates whatever function that site in the brain is responsible for, in essence telling the surgeon or examiner what a specific locale in the brain does.
Electrodes are usually made of stainless steel or platinum-iridium embedded in a silastic material, and are usually circular with diameters of 2 to 3 mm. Electrode positioning varies from patient to patient, and electrodes can come in rows, in a grid array, or can be individually arranged. The number of electrodes necessary and their exact spatial arrangement is often determined in the operating room. Cortical stimulation mapping allows electrodes to be placed in exact locations to test brain function and identify if stimulation of the brain location causes a functional impairment in the patient. CSM can be completed using anesthetized patients or awake patients.
Electrodes can either be placed directly on brain areas of interest or can be placed in the subdural space of the brain. Subdural electrodes can shift slightly and can be affected by cerebrospinal fluid in the subdural space, which could interfere with the current used to stimulate the brain from the electrodes and possibly cause shunting and dissipate the current, making the stimulation's effect less accurate. However, an advantage of subdural electrode grids is that they can be left in the brain for multiple days, and allow functional testing during stimulation outside the operating room.
Current levels and density are an important consideration in all cortical stimulation mapping procedures. Current density, that is the amount of current applied to a defined area of the brain, must be sufficient to stimulate neurons effectively and not die off too quickly, yet low enough to protect brain tissue from damaging currents. Currents are kept at levels that have been determined safe and are only given as short bursts, typically bursts that slowly increase in intensity and duration until a response (such as a muscle movement) can be tested. Current intensity is usually set around bursts of 1 mA to begin and gradually increased by increments of 0.5 to 1 mA, and the current is applied for a few seconds. If the current applied causes afterdischarges, nerve impluses that occur after stimulation, then the levels are lowered. Studies on patients who have received cortical stimulation mapping have found no cortical damage in the tested areas.
The different types and administration techniques for anesthesia have been shown to affect cortical stimulation mapping. CSM can be done performed on awake patients, called an awake craniotomy or in patients who have been placed under general anesthesia. If the patient is under general anesthesia, the depth of the anesthesia can affect the outcome because if the levels of muscle relaxation are too high due to neuromuscular blocking drugs, then the results from the mapping can be incorrect. For the awake procedure there are different considerations for patient care that the anesthesiologist must take into account. Rather than simply ensuring that the patient is asleep, the doctor can follow what is called the asleep-awake-asleep technique. In this technique the patient is anesthetized using a general anesthesia during the opening and closing portions of the procedure, but during the interim the patient is maintained utilizing local anesthesia. The local anesthesia techniques can be either a local field block or a regional nerve block of the scalp. The more common technique for the awake craniotomy is conscious sedation. In conscious sedation, the patient is only sedated during the opening and closing process, but never fully anesthetized, eliminating the need for breathing tubes, lessening the chances of complications, and lessening the chances of problems with motor response. Patients who undergo the procedure with an awake craniotomy instead of general anesthesia have better preservation of language function, a prediction of their seizure-free outcome based on corticography, a shorter hospitilization (which corresponds to a reduced cost of care), a decreased usage of invasive monitors, and decreased number of postoperative complications due to anesthesia such as nausea and vomiting.
Somatotopy.
Cortical stimulation mapping is used for somatotopy to determine the areas of the cerebral cortex that connect through nerve fibers with different body parts. Cortical stimulation identifies which regions of the brain are vital for certain functions, thereby allowing a 'map' to be made which can be used to decide if brain areas are safe to remove. Cortical stimulation mapping led to the development of a homunculus for the motor and sensory cortices, which is a diagram showing the brain's connections to different areas of the body. An example is the cortical homunculus of the primary motor cortex and the somatosensory cortex, which are separated by the central sulcus. The diagram starts in the longitudinal fissure and continues out laterally from the center of the brain, representing the general pattern from lower extremities and genitals in the fissure up to the hands and face on outer edges of the brain.
Motor Mapping.
Functional testing of movement during cortical stimulation includes looking for active movement and inhibition of movement. When the precentral gyrus of the frontal lobe is stimulated, specific muscles in the body will contract based on the location of the brain that receives the electric signal. Stimulation on one side of the brain will cause a contraction on the contralateral, or opposite, side of the body.
More recent studies using CSM have shown that the motor cortex is more complex than the arrangement pictured traditional homunculus, and that motor responses occur in the frontal lobe further away from the narrow strip next to the central sulcus.
Areas of the cortex that inhibit movement upon stimulation have been found in some cases to be supplemental and not vital to motor function. These areas have been removed without compromising a patient's ability to move post-operation.
Language Mapping.
During stimulation various language tasks are used to check brain function such as reading sentences, auditory comprehension, and spontaneous speech such as naming objects. Cortical stimulation in language areas of the brain typically tests for the inhibition of some language capability, rather than a defined motor or sensory response. This can make language mapping require more complex language related tasks to be assessed during testing, in order to determine if the site that is stimulated is essential to a certain language ability.
Language mapping is normally done in the left hemisphere of the brain where most language areas are located, such as Broca's and Wernicke's areas. Cortical stimulation mapping has also identified a language area in the basal temporal cortex that was previously unknown.
Cortical stimulation mapping in patients with epilepsy has shown that critical language areas of the brain vary greatly in patients, highlighting the need to perform accurate mapping prior to surgeries in language areas. Traditional landmarks such as Broca's and Wernicke's areas cannot be relied on to distinguish essential language cortex. Rather, experiments that have tested for vital language sites are variable, and the exact role of a specific cortex area in a language task is difficult to judge. A further complication is that many patients who have undergone language mapping have epilepsy and it is possible this causes changes in language sites. Since the procedure is so invasive, cortical stimulation mapping for language organization is not done on healthy individuals. Additionally the distribution and abundance of specific task related language sites have shown variation based on IQ and gender.
Somatosensory mapping.
Somatosenory mapping involves measuring electrical responses on the surface of the brain as the result of the stimulation of peripheral nerves, such as mechanoreceptors that respond to pressure on the skin, and stimulating the brain directly to map sensory areas. Sensation has been tested in patients through the stimulation of the postcentral gyrus, with a drop in amplitude of sensory responses occurring towards the central sulcus.
Clinical Applications.
Epilepsy.
CSM is an effective treatment for focal epilepsy and bilateral or multiple seizure foci. It is an effective treatment option when resective surgery to remove the affected area is not an option, generally seen with bilateral or multiple seizure foci. CSM is routinely utilized for patients with epilepsy in order to pin point the focal point of the seizures. It is used once there is a testable hypothesis regarding brain location for the epileptogenic zone, determined through a less invasive procedure, electroencephalography. Once the focal point of the seizures is determined, this information allows aids neurosurgeons with knowing what portions of the brain could potentially be resected without any negative post-operative neurological deficits.
CSM will be considered for a patient with epilepsy when two conditions are met: the trial of anti-epileptic drugs has not controlled seizures and there is a likelihood that the surgery will benefit the patient. Due to the nature of the procedure, CSM is only utilized after noninvasive procedures have not been able to fully localize and treat the patient.
The invasive electrodes are stereotaxically placed electrodes or a subdural strip or grid electrode. Utilizing the information obtained through CSM, limited resection of epileptogenic brain can be performed. For focal epilepsy, resective surgery is one of the mainstay treatment options for medication resistant epilepsy. Through the technique of CSM, generally using awake craniotomies, the neurosurgeon has the ability to monitor the functioning of the patient during the resection and stimulation of the brain.
Neuro-Oncology.
Cortical stimulation mapping may be used in neuro-oncology as a tool to identify the areas of a patient's brain that are critical for functions such as the language and motor pathways. This procedure is considered standard for operations involving gliomas in order to reduce loss of motor function and overall morbidity. Pre-surgical planning allows for the physician to avoid these high-risk areas as much as possible during a tumor resection, minimizing potential loss of function and development of sequelae.
Patients whose surgeon uses cortical stimulation mapping to assess the anatomy and function of rolandic areas have a greater chance and faster rate of regaining baseline function post-operatively than those who undergo surgeries that avoid this technique. The same may be said for the benefits of mapping language areas with the cortical stimulation technique before a glioma resection. Assessing and minimizing the damage of operating on language-involved regions leads to the greater and faster return of overall language function.
Despite the functional gain from preserving these eloquent cortical areas, benefit-to-risk factors are still considered. More complete tumor resection has been shown to possibly expand the life expectancy of glioma patients, however increasing the amount of brain tissue removed may also cause a debilitating decrease in function. As such, cortical stimulation mapping aids in determining the maximum amount of tissue that can be removed while still maintaining the patient's quality of life.
Vision.
Mapping of the occipital cortex has possible use in the development of a prosthesis for the blind. Electrical stimulation in the occipital lobe has been found to cause visual illusions called phosphenes such as light, colors, or shadows, which were observed in the early experiments of Penfield and Jasper . The first recorded production of artificial sight was in experiments done by Brindley and Dobelle, where they were able to allow blind patients to 'see' small characters through cortical stimulation. Electrical stimulation in the occipital lobe has also been known to produce small colored circles usually in the center of the patient's field of vision. Visual hallucinations, such as moving geometric patterns and moving colored phosphenes have also been observed with cortical stimulation. Electrodes at the occipital cortex surface tend to produce flickering phosphenes, while electrodes inserted deeper within the cortex produce steady colors. The primary visual cortex, which is responsible for generating more complex images, is located deeper within the calcarine fissure of the occipital lobe, so intracortical stimulation is needed to stimulate these areas effectively. Intracortical stimulation uses an electrode that goes deeper into the brain to more effectively stimulate the primary visual cortex, as opposed to trying to work only from the surface of the brain, which can cause unintended visual signals, pain, and damage to the nervous tissue.
For patients with glaucoma and optic nerve atrophy, existing retinal prostheses are not an option since the optic nerve is damaged, therefore a prosthesis using cortical stimulation is a remaining hope to offer some vision function. A cortical visual prosthesis is a promising subject of research because it targets neurons past the site of disease in most blind patients. However significant challenges remain such as reproducibility in different patients, long term effects of electrical stimulation, and the higher complexity of visual organization in the primary visual cortex versus that in the retina.
Another site of research for a vision prosthesis using cortical stimulation is the optic nerve itself, which contains the nerve fibers responsible for the complete visual field. Research is still ongoing in this area and the small size of the optic nerve and the high density of nerve fibers are continuing challenges to this approach 
Cortical Stimulation Mapping vs. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
Cortical Stimulation Mapping is considered the gold standard, as determined by the gold standard (test), for mapping functional regions of the brain to create a presurgical plan that maximizes the patient’s functional outcome. The history of beneficial outcomes and the amount of information already established about the CSM technique makes it advantageous in clinical and research applications. However, because it has the drawback of being an intraoperative technique, there is growing debate about its status as the preferred method. Instead, transcranial magnetic stimulation, a new procedure that that does not carry the same amount of surgical risk, is being considered.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation has been gaining increasing interest as an alternative tool for studying the relationships between specific cortical areas and brain function, particularly because its non-invasive nature is advantageous over CSM. Additionally, because of the increasing body of research focused on investigating the many medical uses of TMS, it could eventually have more applications than CSM. For example, this procedure been successfully used to measure the speed of conduction in central motor pathways, making it a useful tool for those studying multiple sclerosis. Similarly, TMS is also being researched for its possibilities as a long-term and possibly more cost-effective therapeutic alternative for treating chronic psychiatric disorders such as major depression as well as its use as a means of in aiding in stroke recovery. However, although therapeutic TMS is promising overall, it’s success is still unclear and has not been upheld in a number of studies. This is true relating to studies of Parkinson's patients who were given long-term TMS therapy. Although it initially appeared as if these subjects gained improved performance in motor coordination tests, these results are inconsistently reproducible. The same type of results are seen in studies in schizophrenia where it has been shown that cognitive performance in schizophrenic patients treated with TMS is highly variable. Such results suggest that evidence of the effects of TMS are lacking and this technique’s neurobiological mechanisms are still not well understood. Because of these uncertainties, research on this method is ongoing and much is still to be determined about its exact effect on the activation state of the brain. Comparatively, CSM, having the advantages of the more researched technique, is often still preferred.
Safety must also be considered with respect to both methods. So far, FDA guidelines have only approved the use of TMS for the treatment of depression. Although this technique has no known lasting side effects except for a few reported cases of induced seizures, it is still treated with caution due to its relative novelty in clinical use. CSM has gained U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for its uses regarding cortical stimulation mapping, especially in cases of seizure and glioma treatments, and for aiding in the placement of electrodes within the brain.

</doc>
<doc id="31175929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175929" title="Mitchell Wand">
Mitchell Wand

Mitchell Wand is a computer science professor at Northeastern University. He received his Ph.D. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His research has centred on programming languages and he is a member of the Northeastern Programming Research Lab. He is also the co-author, with Daniel P. Friedman and Christopher T. Haynes, of "Essentials of Programming Languages".

</doc>
<doc id="31175940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175940" title="Anthony Verga">
Anthony Verga

Anthony J. "Tony" Verga (born April 26, 1935 in Gloucester, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 5th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1995–2009. He was defeated by attorney Ann-Margaret Ferrante in the 2008 Democratic primary.
Verga was a champion of veteran's causes during his tenure and in 2006 was endorsed by the Massachusetts Veterans Services Officers Association for the position of state Secretary of Veteran's affairs. In 2008 he was awarded the National Guard Association of the United States's Charles Dick Medal of Merit.
In 2012, Verga broke with his party and endorsed Republican Scott Brown over Democrat Elizabeth Warren in that year's United States Senate election.

</doc>
<doc id="31175945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175945" title="Richard Wexelblat">
Richard Wexelblat

Richard L. Wexelblat, aka Dick Wexelblat received BSEE, MSEE (CS), and Ph.D. (CS) from The Moore School of Electrical Engineering (of blessed memory) at the University of Pennsylvania in 6/1959, 6/1961, and 12/1965 respectively. His doctorate is believed by many and so reported by ACM to have been the first ever awarded by a formally recognized Computer Science department. (Note: not the first CS doctorate, but the first awarded by a CS department. Note as well that Andy van Dam should share this distinction as he completed his CS dissertation at essentially the same time. RLW 01/20/2012)
He is no longer active in the computer field but is now an artisan woodturner.
His sons, Alan and David, and his brother Paul are also computer scientists though Paul is now mostly retired and David is about halfway through law school.
He is said to be the originator of Wexelblat's scheduling algorithm: "Choose two of: good, fast, cheap." Rosin said I originated this; I'm not sure. He also credited me with having been the first to refer to Occam's Razor as "The Law of Least Astonishment". RLW 04/01/2011

</doc>
<doc id="31175946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175946" title="David Poe, Jr.">
David Poe, Jr.

David Poe, Jr. (July 18, 1784 – December 11, 1811 (speculative)) was an American actor and the father of Edgar Allan Poe.
Biography.
David Poe, Jr. was born in Baltimore, Maryland. His father, David Poe, Sr., was well known for his patriotic self-sacrifice as a quartermaster during the American Revolution, paying for supplies out of his own pocket, including $500 for clothing for the troops. Poe, Sr.'s commitment had earned the respect and friendship of the Marquis de la Fayette and the honorary title of 'General'. The younger David Poe, on the other hand, defied his family's wishes to become a lawyer and became an actor instead.
He fell in love with and married Elizabeth "Eliza" Arnold Hopkins, whose husband, Charles Hopkins, had died six months before. Poe was considered an inferior actor compared to his young wife. One critic said of Eliza and David, "the lady was young and pretty, and evinced talent both as a singer and actress; the gentleman was literally nothing." David and Eliza's eldest child, William Henry Leonard Poe, was born on January 30, 1807 in Boston, Massachusetts, just nine months after their wedding.
After the birth of their second son Edgar in January 1809, the family ran low on money. A volatile alcoholic for most of his adult life, David Jr. abandoned the stage and his family, disappearing from historical record. In David's absence, Eliza gave birth to a third child, a daughter named Rosalie, in December 1810.
According to author Susan Archer Talley Weiss, Poe died on December 11, 1811, only three days after Eliza's death.
After Eliza's death in 1811, their three children were split up. Henry lived with his paternal grandparents in Baltimore, Edgar was fostered by John and Frances Allan in Richmond, and Rosalie was adopted by William and Jane Scott Mackenzie, also in Richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="31175948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175948" title="Osei Kyeretwie Secondary School">
Osei Kyeretwie Secondary School

Osei Kyeretwie Senior High School is a coed boarding school in Kumasi, Ashanti Region, Ghana.
History.
Osei Kyeretwie Senior High school (known as OKESS) was established in July 1937 as the first secondary school in the Ashanti region. The school, formerly known as Ashanti Collegiate started as a private educational institution with just a handful of all boys’ students by the late Rev. J.T. Robert. After many years of private management, the school was taken over by the ministry of education in September, 1962; relocated it to Dichemso and renamed it as Osei Kyeretwie (after Nana Sir Osei Ageyman Prempeh II, Otomfuo, the Ashante hene) who was known in private life as Obarima Osei Kyeretwie. In 1970, the current Tafo site of about 168-acre land was allocated to enable the school build permanent campus; the school has through 34 years operated from both the Dichemso and Tafo campuses. Following persistent pressures to move, the government eventually agreed and moved the whole school to the new site at Tafo in 2004. The philosophy or motto of the school is ‘’service to God and humanity”. Products of the school are affectionately called ‘’AHENEMAA’’…princes and princesses.
Residence.
There are six houses:

</doc>
<doc id="31175954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175954" title="Joya de Nicaragua">
Joya de Nicaragua

Joya de Nicaragua, S.A., established in 1968, is the oldest brand of cigars made in Nicaragua. The company continues to manufacture its products today from its headquarters in Estelí, today a major manufacturing center of handmade cigars with exports made worldwide.
Company history.
Establishment.
Cigar-making came to Nicaragua in the aftermath of the Cuban Revolution of 1959. In the years immediately following the overthrow of the regime of Fulgencio Batista by Fidel Castro, the export of raw tobacco and finished cigars from Cuba to the United States was initially permitted. This situation changed dramatically in 1962 when President John F. Kennedy imposed a stringent embargo against Cuba.
Owners of tobacco companies and leading growers had already fled the island in the aftermath of the revolution, with its nationalization of the cigar industry. New areas for the cultivation of cigar tobacco were explored. One of the most promising of these new regions for tobacco cultivation were the fertile soils of Nicaragua.
While tobacco farming in Nicaragua was begun in 1964, the first brand manufactured in the country was Joya de Nicaragua — a company launched in 1968.
The Spanish word "joya" is a false friend with the English word "joy." The actual meaning of the word is "jewel" — thus the brand name "Joya de Nicaragua" correctly translates as "Jewel of Nicaragua."
During the Reagan administration's embargo of Nicaraguan goods, production of Joya de Nicaragua was moved across the border to Honduras, where production was handled in the facilities of Nestor Plasencia. There was additionally difficulty with the trademark, which had been sold prior to the downfall of the Somoza regime. The company was in disarray and was sold via a public auction.
Development.
In 1994, Joya de Nicaragua was purchased by Dr. Alejandro Ernesto Martínez Cuenca (born 1947 in Managua). As a young man Martínez Cuenca studied English language in England before attending McGill University, from which he obtained a Bachelor's degree, the University of South Carolina, from which he obtained a Masters degree, and Vanderbilt University, where he earned a PhD in Economics.
During the Sandinista Revolution, Martínez Cuenca, a member of the Sandinista Party, served as Minister of Foreign Trade for the Sandinista government.
Having purchased the company in the aftermath of the revolution, Martínez Cuenca set about reviving the brand, which had fallen in quality and esteem. As one observer put it, the deterioration of Joya de Nicaragua had been the unfortunate result of a "failed social experiment in which company operations were managed by factory workers." Old rollers and blenders were rehired and the company released what would become its signature cigar, the Joya de Nicaragua Antaño 1970, a spicy stick that recaptured the flavor of the brand's storied past.
Joya de Nicaragua was buoyed by the cigar boom of the 1990s in the United States, a period in which demand for handrolled cigars far outpaced available supply. Solid sales enabled the struggling company to bank reserve funds and to survive the downturn which followed.
Funds accumulated during the cigar boom enabled Martínez Cuenca to repurchase the Joya de Nicaragua trademark for the American market from tobacco giant Altadis, which had obtained it in one of its many acquisitions.
Joya de Nicaragua is known for making Nicaraguan "puros" — cigars which make use of binders, fillers, and wrappers from that country only.
The brand is distributed in the United States by Drew Estate, a country which in 2009 accounted for approximately 45% of the company's global sales.

</doc>
<doc id="31175959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175959" title="Zhang Quanyi">
Zhang Quanyi

Zhang Quanyi (張全義) (852 – April 29, 926), né Zhang Juyan (張居言) or Zhang Yan (張言), known as Zhang Zongshi (張宗奭) during Later Liang, courtesy name Guowei (國維), formally Prince Zhongsu of Qi (齊忠肅王), was a late Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty warlord who later was a senior official during the succeeding Later Liang and Later Tang. He was credited for rebuilding the city of Luoyang from utter destruction from the warfares in the late Tang period into a prosperous city.
During Tang Dynasty.
Background and service under Huang Chao.
Zhang Quanyi was born in 852, during the reign of Emperor Xuānzong. His biography in the "History of the Five Dynasties" indicated that he was originally named Zhang Juyan, and his biography in the "New History of the Five Dynasties" indicated that he was originally named Zhang Yan. His family was from Linpu (臨濮, in modern Heze, Shandong), and both his grandfather Zhang Lian (張璉) and father Zhang Cheng (張誠) were farmers. Zhang Quanyi himself served as a farm inspector for the Linpu County government, but in his service was often insulted by the county magistrate. Therefore, when, late in the "Qianfu" era (874-879) of Emperor Xuānzong's grandson Emperor Xizong, when the region was overrun by the major agrarian rebel Huang Chao, Zhang joined Huang's army. After Huang captured the Tang imperial capital Chang'an and forced Emperor Xizong to flee to Chengdu around the new year 881, Huang established a new state of Qi with himself as emperor. Zhang served in Huang's government as the minister of civil service affairs (吏部尚書, "Libu Shangshu") and the director of transportation.
Service under Zhuge Shuang and Zhuge Zhongfang.
After Huang Chao was eventually defeated by Tang forces and chased out of Chang'an, Zhang Quanyi joined the army of the Tang general Zhuge Shuang the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Heyang Circuit (河陽, headquartered in modern Luoyang, Henan). He distinguished himself serving under Zhuge, and Zhuge eventually made him the prefect of Ze Prefecture (澤州, in modern Jincheng, Shanxi).
Zhuge died in 886. Zhang and another officer of Zhuge's, Liu Jing (劉經), supported Zhuge's son Zhuge Zhongfang (諸葛仲方) as acting military governor. Liu, however, controlled the governance of the circuit, drawing resentment from other officers. Late in 886, Liu became suspicious of the officer Li Hanzhi, and he decided to use Luoyang as a base to launch a surprise attack on Li's base at Minchi (澠池, in modern Luoyang). Li defeated him, however, forcing him to abandon Luoyang and flee north of the Yellow River back to the circuit capital Heyang. Li gave chase, and was about to chase the Yellow River, when Liu sent Zhang to try to stop Li. However, as Zhang also resented Liu's hold on the circuit governance, he instead joined Li, and they jointly attacked Heyang but could not capture it. They then withdrew to Huai Prefecture (懷州, in modern Luoyang).
As this Heyang Circuit internecine confrontation was going on, the former Tang general Qin Zongquan, who had declared himself emperor at Fengguo Circuit (奉國, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), sent his general Sun Ru toward Heyang, and Sun soon captured the city. Zhuge Zhongfang fled to Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan). Sun thereafter claimed the title of military governor of Heyang. However, Zhang and Li occupied Huai and Ze Prefectures, respectively, and resisted Sun. After Qin thereafter suffered a major defeat at the hands of Xuanwu's military governor Zhu Quanzhong, Sun withdrew from Heyang. Zhang and Li rejoined forces, with Li taking over Heyang and Zhang taking over Luoyang; they then jointly sought aid from the major warlord Li Keyong the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi). Li Keyong sent his officer An Jinjun (安金俊) to take over Ze Prefecture as prefect and to aid Li Hanzhi and Zhang; he also commissioned Li Hanzhi as the military governor of Heyang and Zhang as the mayor of Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., Luoyang).
As vassal of Li Hanzhi/Li Keyong.
At the time that Zhang Quanyi took over as the mayor of Henan, it was said by historical accounts that the city had been laid waste by the wars, with the remnants of the population gathered within three castles of the city, totaling less than 100 households. Zhang set up his headquarters at one of those castles, Zhongzhou (中州), while selecting 18 capable officers and sending them out to the 18 counties of the municipality other than the two in the city center, to be in charge of rebuilding their counties and welcoming the refugee population back. He simplified the laws, making murder the only capital offense, while the other offenses were punishable only by caning; he also exempted the people from taxes. As a result, the refugee population returned in droves, and he trained them in the military arts so that they could defend themselves. Within a few years, the city recovered to appearing to be like the old days before the wars, and the fields were no longer fallow, but filled with mulberries and hemp. It was said that the larger counties were capable of producing 7,000 soldiers, and the smaller counties 2,000. It was said that Zhang governed with intelligence and that his subordinates could not deceive him. He rewarded the households that was particularly good at farming wheat or sericulture with clothes and tea. Under his rule, Henan became a rich city again.
Meanwhile, Zhang initially had a cordial relationship with Li Hanzhi, whose Heyang Circuit his Henan Municipality belonged to, and they even cut their own arms to swear to be brothers. However, Li Hanzhi viewed Zhang's promotion of farming lightly. He also made a habit of making all kinds of material demands on Zhang, to the point that whenever he was not satisfied with what Zhang supplied his army, he would arrest Zhang's subordinates and cane them. Initially, Zhang put on the appearance of fearing Li Hanzhi and doing everything to appease him. In 888, when Li Hanzhi was on a campaign against the army of Huguo Circuit (護國, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), Huguo's military governor Wang Chongying sent secret emissaries to persuade Zhang to turn against Li Hanzhi. Zhang agreed, and he launched a surprise attack on Heyang at night, capturing it and taking Li Hanzhi's household captive. He then claimed the title of military governor of Heyang for himself.
As vassal of Zhu Quanzhong.
Li Hanzhi fled to Ze Prefecture and sought aid from Li Keyong. Li Keyong sent his officer Kang Junli, commanding five other officers (Li Cunxiao, Xue Atan (薛阿檀), Shi Yan (史儼), An Jinjun, and An Xiuxiu (安休休) to aid Li Hanzhi in trying to recapture Heyang. They put Heyang under siege, and the food supplies ran out. Zhang Quanyi thus sent his wife and children to Zhu Quanzhong as hostages to seek aid from him. Zhu sent his officers Ding Hui, Ge Congzhou, and Niu Cunjie (牛存節) to aid Zhang. They defeated the Hedong forces, and then postured to cut off the Hedong forces' return path to Hedong through the Taihang Mountains. In fear, Kang took his army and withdrew. Zhu commissioned Ding the acting military governor of Heyang and recommissioned Zhang as the mayor of Henan. It was said that because Zhang was appreciative of Zhu's saving his life, he never had any thoughts of turning against Zhu from this point on, and he plenteously supplied Zhu's army in Zhu's subsequent campaigns. Soon thereafter, Henan was turned into its own circuit (Youguo (佑國)), and then-reigning Emperor Zhaozong (Emperor Xizong's brother and successor) commissioned Zhang its military governor.
In 890, when the imperial government, at the request of Zhu's and that of Li Kuangwei the military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing, declared a general campaign against Li Keyong, Zhang led an army to participate in Zhu's operation, along with Ge and Zhu's son Zhu Youyu (朱友裕), to wrest Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi) from Li Keyong's control. The campaign, however, eventually ended in failure when Li Keyong's main forces crushed the imperial forces commanded by the chancellor Zhang Jun, and Li Keyong was able to retain Zhaoyi at that point. Later in the year, Zhang received the honorary chancellor title of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事).
In 892, after Zhu, for reasons unclear to history, requested that then-military governor of Heyang, Zhao Keyu (趙克裕), be demoted, Zhang was made the military governor of Heyang, in addition to Youguo. (However, at some point, Ding was made acting military governor of Heyang again, and in 899 was made full military governor.)
In 896, by which time Emperor Zhaozong had fled to Zhenguo Circuit (鎮國, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), which was then governed by Han Jian, due to attacks on Chang'an by Li Maozhen the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), Zhu Quanzhong and Zhang were submitted repeated joint petitions for the emperor to move the capital to Luoyang. In fear, Li Maozhen apologized to the emperor, repaired the palace and office buildings at Chang'an, and welcomed Emperor Zhaozong back to Chang'an.
In 898, Emperor Zhaozong bestowed the greater honorary chancellor title of "Shizhong" on Zhang.
In 900, when the eunuch Liu Jishu briefly overthrew Emperor Zhaozong in a coup and replaced him with his son Li Yu the Crown Prince, Zhang Jun, who had by that point retired to Changshui (長水), one of the counties of Henan, went to meet with Zhang Quanyi to encourage him and the other military governors to start a campaign to restore Emperor Zhaozong. There was no record of any actual action taken by Zhang Quanyi. (However, in 901, Emperor Zhaozong was restored in a countercoup headed by the imperial guard officers Sun Dezhao (孫德昭), Dong Yanbi (董彥弼), and Zhou Chenghui (周承誨). Shortly after, Zhang Quanyi was given the honorary chancellor title of "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令).
By 903, Zhu Quanzhong had taken Emperor Zhaozong under his control, and was planning on eventually usurping the Tang throne. He feared that Zhang Jun would again encourage the military governors to attack him. He thus ordered Zhang Quanyi to kill Zhang Jun. Zhang Quanyi sent his officer Yang Lin (楊麟) to take a group of soldiers, disguised as bandits, to attack Zhang Jun's mansion and slaughter his household. Only Zhang Jun's son Zhang Ge escaped the slaughter. Subsequently, Zhu Quanzhong destroyed Chang'an and moved Emperor Zhaozong to Luoyang. He then moved Zhang Quanyi to be the military governor of Tianping Circuit (天平, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong. He also had Zhang created the Prince of Dongping.
In 904, by which point Zhu had assassinated Emperor Zhaozong and replaced him with his son Li Zuo the Prince of Hui (as Emperor Ai), Zhang Quanyi was again made the mayor of Henan; he was additionally also made the military governor of Zhongwu Circuit (忠武, headquartered in modern Weinan), apparently commanding it remotely, and the overall commander of the imperial guards.
During Later Liang.
During Emperor Taizu's reign.
In 907, Zhu Quanzhong had Emperor Ai yield the throne to him, ending Tang and starting a new Later Liang as its Emperor Taizu. He made Zhang Quanyi the military governor of Heyang, in addition to being the mayor of Henan, again, and created him the Prince of Wei. Soon thereafter, he changed Zhang Quanyi's name to Zhang Zongshi, apparently due to naming taboo as his own name included the character "Quan." In 908, in addition to his other offices, Zhang was also made "Taibao" (太保) and the military governor of Zhenguo Circuit (鎮國, headquartered in modern Sanmenxia, Henan). In 910, he was additionally made the military governor of Xuanyi Circuit (宣義, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan.
In 911, Emperor Taizu spent the summer at Zhang's summer mansion. He used the opportunity to have sexual relations with virtually every woman in Zhang's household. Zhang's son Zhang Jizuo (張繼祚), humiliated, wanted to assassinate the emperor. Zhang Zongshi pointed out that it was because of Emperor Taizu's initially stopping Li Hanzhi's attack that the Zhang household was preserved, and he managed to persuade Zhang Jizuo not to carry out the assassination. (According to Zhang's biography in the "New History of the Five Dynasties", the women that Emperor Taizu had sexual relations with included even Zhang Zongshi's wife Lady Chu and his daughters.)
During Zhu Yougui's and Zhu Zhen's reigns.
In 912, Emperor Taizu was assassinated by his son Zhu Yougui the Prince of Ying, who took the throne thereafter. As part of the governmental reorganization that took place after Zhu Yougui took the throne, he disbanded the headquarters for financial matters at the eastern capital Kaifeng (which previously had been the headquarters of Xuanwu Circuit while Zhu Quanzhong governed it), which Emperor Taizu had created and had named Jianchang Palace (建昌宮). The responsibility of overseeing the financial matters was transferred to Zhang Zongshi. Zhang was also made the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (whose headquarters had been moved to modern Shangqiu, Henan by that point). In 913, Zhu Yougui's younger brother Zhu Youzhen the Prince of Jun overthrew him and took the throne, and subsequently moved the capital from Luoyang to Kaifeng, but it appeared that Zhang remained in charge of the financial matters of the state. In 917, Zhu Youzhen (who had changed his name to Zhu Zhen) further bestowed on Zhang the title of Deputy Generalissimo of All Circuits (天下兵馬副元帥). (The Generalissimo title belonged to Qian Liu the Prince of Wuyue, whose state was a Later Liang vassal state.)
In 921, Zhu Zhen, suspicious of the intentions of the major general Liu Xun, who had sought retirement, approved Liu's retirement and had him reside at Luoyang. He then ordered Zhang to poison Liu to death.
In 923, Zhu Zhen, with the territory of his Later Liang state north of the Yellow River gradually taken piece by piece by his rival Li Cunxu the Prince of Jin (Li Keyong's son and successor), planned a major counterattack. At the recommendation of his close associates Zhao Yan and Zhang Hanjie (張漢傑), he made the general Duan Ning, whose military abilities was not respected by the army, the overall commander of the operations. Zhang Zongshi, knowing that Duan was not the appropriate commander and that the army generals were more respectful of another general, Wang Yanzhang, submitted a petition stating:
Despite Zhang's petition (and similar remarks made by the chancellor Jing Xiang), Zhu Zhen continued to leave Duan in command. Subsequently, before Duan could start his operations, Li Cunxu made a surprise maneuver across the Yellow River around Duan's army, and directly attacked Kaifeng. Zhu Zhen, unable to resist and unable to flee, committed suicide. Li Cunxu, who had by that point declared himself the emperor of a new dynasty, Later Tang (as its Emperor Zhuangzong), and claimed to be the legitimate successor to Tang, entered Kaifeng and took over virtually all of the Later Liang territory.
During Later Tang.
The Later Liang military governors, including Zhang Zongshi, largely immediately submitted to the Later Tang emperor. In winter 923, Zhang went to Kaifeng to pay homage to Emperor Zhuangzong, and he changed his name back to Quanyi. He submitted a large amount of money and horses as tribute. Emperor Zhuangzong had his son Li Jiji and brother Li Cunji (李存紀) honor Zhang as an older brother. Subsequently, when Emperor Zhuangzong considered opening up the tomb of Emperor Taizu of Later Liang, Zhang, still grateful to Emperor Taizu for his survival, submitted a petition stating that while the two states were rivals, such an action at this point would be meaningless and would merely show Emperor Zhuangzong to be vengeful. Emperor Zhuangzong agreed and did not do so, although he still destroyed the memorials built for Emperor Taizu on his tomb. Soon thereafter, at Zhang's suggestion, Emperor Zhuangzong moved the capital to Luoyang. He bestowed on Zhang the title of "Shangshu Ling" (尚書令). He also changed Zhang's princely title to Prince of Qi.
In 924, Emperor Zhuangzong and his wife Empress Liu visited Zhang's mansion for a feast. At the feast, Empress Liu, claiming that she lost her parents in her youth and that she missed having parents, asked to treat Zhang as her father. Zhang, in fear, initially declined, but eventually accepted. Thereafter, Empress Liu and he often sent messengers back and forth, and he submitted much tribute to her.
In 926, Emperor Zhuangzong, who had alienated his soldiers due to his failure to properly reward them for their contributions during his campaigns, was facing a mutiny by the Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) army. He initially sent the general Li Shaorong to try to suppress the rebellion, but Li Shaorong was unable to do so. Zhang, instead, recommended the senior general, and Emperor Zhuangzong's adoptive brother, Li Siyuan. Upon Li Siyuan's arrival at Weibo, however, his own soldiers mutinied and forced Li Siyuan to join the Weibo soldiers in the rebellion. Li Siyuan subsequently led his army south, toward Kaifeng. When Zhang heard this, he became fearful as he was the one who had recommended Li Siyuan, and he stopped eating. He died soon thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="31175963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175963" title="Ski Canada">
Ski Canada

Ski Canada is a special interest consumer magazine published for alpine (downhill) ski enthusiasts. The magazine is published by Solstice Publishing Inc. based in Toronto, Ontario. "Ski Canada" was launched in October 1972 by Col. Terry Whelpton and titled "Ski Canada Journal" with a focus on ski racing. In 1979, the magazine was purchased by Maclean Hunter Ltd. Editorial focus evolved to include all aspects of alpine skiing including gear reviews and ski tests, ski resort reports, instruction and commentary. In 1990, Maclean Hunter sold the magazine to Solstice Publishing Inc., a company established by publisher Paul Green.

</doc>
<doc id="31175967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175967" title="Braddock Lake">
Braddock Lake

Braddock Lake is a protected reservoir near Swift Current, Saskatchewan, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31175973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175973" title="Sandor Vago">
Sandor Vago

Sandor Vago (1887–1946) was a Hungarian-American painter.
Biography.
He was born in Hungary. After studying art in Budapest, Hungary, he completed his studies in Munich, Germany. Before World War I, the painter exhibited his artworks in Hungary as well as in other European countries, including Vienna, Austria and Venice, Italy. In 1921 he immigrated to the US and established his workshop in Cleveland, Ohio. There, he became a member of the local Society of Artists. Initially a painter of still lifes and landscapes, Vago became a successful portrait painter after his move to the US, receiving orders from private collectors and public institutions including the City of Cleveland. Vago taught at the Cleveland Institute of Art from 1929 to 1935.
He became a core member of the Cleveland School, a flourishing community started by artists exhibiting and working in the Cleveland area.
Sandor Vago died in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="31175977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175977" title="Pickering Creek">
Pickering Creek

Pickering Creek is a tributary of the Schuylkill River in Chester County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Pickering Creek is impounded to form the Pickering Creek Reservoir near the borough of Phoenixville, just above the creek's confluence with the Schuylkill River.

</doc>
<doc id="31175993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175993" title="Shriram Krishnamurthi">
Shriram Krishnamurthi

Shriram Krishnamurthi is a computer scientist, currently a professor of computer science at Brown University and a member of the core development group for the Racket programming languages, responsible for the creation of software packages including the Debugger, the FrTime package, and the networking library.
Krishnamurthi received his PhD at Rice University in 2000, under the direction of Matthias Felleisen. His dissertation is on linguistic reuse and macro systems in the presence of first-class modules. Starting from this topic, Krishnamurthi has moved into software engineering and is working on topics such as access control, modularization of verification, web-based interactive programming, and more. His most recent effort is a novel, time-oriented programming language, called Flapjax, in support of asynchronous web programming. Krishnamurthi also authored a textbook on programming language design.
In 2012, Krishnamurthi became the inaugural winner of the Robin Milner Young Researcher Award, given by SIGPLAN to a researcher whose research career began within 20 years of the nomination date. The award citation describes Krishnamurthi as "a prolific researcher who brings programming language theory to bear in many other disciplines, thus exposing its foundational value".

</doc>
<doc id="31175994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175994" title="Chad Emmert">
Chad Emmert

Chad Bryant Emmert (born May 15, 1966, Joplin, Missouri, United States) is an American songwriter and performer. He grew up in Kansas City, Missouri but moved to Seneca, Missouri in 1982, graduating from Seneca High School in 1984.
Career.
According to the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, Chad has twenty two songs published. Ten songs have been published by CBS Records, now owned by Sony Corporation of America, four songs by Mercy Records, and seven songs through Blendville/Universal.
Emmert has performed on seven albums. Marz X/Planet Appeal(1987), Marz X/End of the Line(1989), Grady/Domestic Blend(1994), Chad Emmert/17 Mile Drive(1998), Chad Emmert/When She's Gone She's Gone(2006), Chad Emmert/Live at the Hurricane(2008), Chad Emmert/El Muchacho Dañado(2011)
The Marz X album End of the Line was engineered by Grammy award winner Vance Powell.
Emmert has performed at notable venues such as The Whiskey-a-go-go on Sunset Blvd. in Los Angeles, Hard Rock Cafe in Las Vegas, Margaritaville in Key West, SXSW in Austin, The EXPO Centre in Tulsa, The Roxy in Kansas City, among others. 
Emmert's first band included Jack Lankford who later played bass for A Picture Made, Steve Ritter who later played drums for A Picture Made and The Connells, and soundman Vance Powell who later won a Grammy for best engineered album.
His songs written while in the band "Marz X" have now been sold by CBS to EMI New York. EMI now shares 50% percent of ownership with Chad Emmert.
Chad Emmert has currently retired from touring and owns and operates a music store called "G-strings and F holes Music Store" in Seneca, MO.

</doc>
<doc id="31175998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31175998" title="John J. O'Brien (Warren Commission)">
John J. O'Brien (Warren Commission)

John Joseph O'Brien (September 11, 1919 – October 16, 2001) was an American civil servant who investigated the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Born in Somerville, Massachusetts, O'Brien received his B.B.A. degree in law and business, cum laude, from Northeastern University, Boston. He received his M.A. degree in the field of governmental administration from George Washington University, Washington, D.C., and in 1941 joined the Bureau of Internal Revenue. After service in the U.S. Coast Guard, O'Brien resumed his work as an Internal Revenue Service investigator. O'Brien was appointed as a staff member for the Warren Commission in 1963. Their purpose was to investigate the assassination of President Kennedy. After completion of the Warren Commission, he took the post of Assistant Chief of the Inspection Services Investigations Branch, in the National Office of Internal Revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="31176000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176000" title="Allegheny Creek">
Allegheny Creek

Allegheny Creek is an tributary of the Schuylkill River in Berks County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Allegheny Creek joins the Schuylkill River at the village of Gibraltar.
It is crossed by the Allegheny Aqueduct, built as part of the Schuylkill Canal in 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="31176009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176009" title="1931 in Canadian football">
1931 in Canadian football

Canadian Football News in 1931.
The Ottawa Senators reverted to the name "Ottawa Rough Riders."
The Canadian Rugby Union approved the forward pass for all leagues and the first TD pass in Grey Cup history was a Warren Stevens to Kenny Grant play in Montreal's 22–0 win over Regina. 
Convert scrimmage line was moved to the five-yard line, and the point could be scored by a drop-kick, place kick, run or pass.
Regular season.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
"* Victoria Games worth 4 points in standings
Grey Cup Playoffs.
"Note: All dates in 1931"

</doc>
<doc id="31176014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176014" title="Angelica Creek">
Angelica Creek

Angelica Creek is a tributary of the Schuylkill River in Berks County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Angelica Creek joins the Schuylkill River at Kenhorst.

</doc>
<doc id="31176022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176022" title="Wyomissing Creek">
Wyomissing Creek

Wyomissing Creek is a tributary of the Schuylkill River in Berks County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Wyomissing Creek joins the Schuylkill River at Wyomissing.

</doc>
<doc id="31176027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176027" title="Doug Loman">
Doug Loman

Douglas Edward "Doug" Loman (born May 9, 1958 in Bakersfield, California) is a retired professional baseball player whose career spanned nine seasons, two of which were spent in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Milwaukee Brewers. Loman began his professional career in 1978 with the Class-A Burlington Bees in Milwaukee's minor league organization. He made his MLB debut on September 3, 1984. Over his two-year major league career, Loman, an outfielder, batted .246 with seven doubles, two triples, two home runs, and 19 runs batted in (RBIs) in 47 games played. After playing in North America for his first eight seasons, Loman went to Japan to play in their professional baseball league. During his playing career, Loman was listed at a height of and a weight of . He batted and threw left-handed.
Professional career.
During the January phase of the 1978 Major League Baseball Draft, Loman was selected in the second round (33 overall) by the Milwaukee Brewers out of Bakersfield Junior College. He began his professional career that season in Milwaukee's minor league organization with the Class-A Burlington Bees of the Midwest League. With the Bees, Loman batted .244 with 100 hits, 23 doubles, four triples, 63 runs batted in (RBIs), and 14 stolen bases in 125 games played. In 1979, Loman was assigned to the Class-A Stockton Ports of the California League. In 138 games played, he batted .276 with 144 hits, 22 doubles, nine triples, and nine home runs. He was tied for second in the league in triples. 
Loman was promoted to the Holyoke Millers of the Double-A Eastern League in 1980. With the Millers, he batted .261 with 123 hits, 20 doubles, nine triples, eight home runs, 62 RBIs, and 14 stolen bases. Amongst league batters, he was tied for third in triples. In 1981, Loman split the season between the Double-A El Paso Diablos, and the Triple-A Vancouver Canadians. First with the Diablos, he batted .306 with 83 hits, 17 doubles, two triples, seven home runs, and 42 RBIs in 71 games played. He was then promoted to the Canadians, where in 62 games played, he batted .248 with 53 hits, eight doubles, two triples, six home runs, and 19 RBIs. 
In 1982, Loman spent the entire season with the Triple-A Vancouver Canadians of the Pacific Coast League. In 118 games, he batted 106 hits, 19 doubles, six triples, 14 home runs, and 64 RBIs. In addition to being the team's outfielder, Loman was also the team's designated hitter. Loman later commented that he contemplated quitting baseball after the 1982 season and becoming a juvenile counselor. Loman was again a member of the Vancouver Canadians in 1983. He batted .262 with 122 hits, 20 doubles, four triples, 19 home runs, and 78 RBIs in 130 games played.
Loman started the 1984 season at the Triple-A level, with the Vancouver Canadians, batting .324 with 170 hits, 34 doubles, nine triples, and 18 home runs in 142 games played. He led the Pacific Coast League in hits, was fifth in doubles, tied for fifth in triples, and tenth in home runs. On September 3, 1984, the Milwaukee Brewers called Loman up to the major leagues. He made his MLB debut that day against the Boston Red Sox, getting two hits in four at-bats. On September 23, against the Toronto Blue Jays, Loman hit two home runs, the first two of his MLB career. In 23 major league games that season, he batted .276 with 13 runs scored, 21 hits, four doubles, two home runs, and 12 RBIs.
In 1985, Loman made the Brewers major league roster as a platooned center fielder. During spring training that year, Brewers manager George Bamberger said, " hasn't looked good, he's looked outstanding". That year, Loman gained the nickname "Piggy" due to his short and bulky frame. In 24 games played with the Brewers that season, he batted .212 with 10 runs scored, three doubles, two triples, and seven RBIs. On May 15, Loman was optioned to the Triple-A Vancouver Canadians. Ernest Riles replaced Loman on the Brewers roster. With the Canadians that season, Loman batted .294 with 113 hits, 23 doubles, six triples, and 10 home runs. On September 27, 1985, he was released by the Brewers. In 1986, Loman signed with the Yokohama Taiyō Whales of the Nippon Professional Baseball. As a member of Yokohama, Loman batted .291 with 137 hits, 26 doubles, four triples, 14 home runs, 75 RBIs, and 14 stolen bases in 126 games played.
Later life.
Loman served as a senior pastor at Summit Christian Fellowship in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Most recently, Loman served as an associate pastor at the Valley Bible Fellowship Church in Las Vegas, Nevada. In January 2011, his church was broken into by people seeking copper. The theft was estimated anywhere from $100,000–$125,000 in losses for the church.
Personal.
Loman was born on May 9, 1958 in Bakersfield, California. He is a Christian, and attributed his success in baseball to the religion. His son, Seth Loman, is a professional baseball player in the Chicago White Sox minor league organization.

</doc>
<doc id="31176061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176061" title="Mahoning Creek (Lehigh River)">
Mahoning Creek (Lehigh River)

Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Lehigh River in Schuylkill and Carbon counties, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Mahoning Creek rises due south of the borough of Summit Hill on the opposite side of the divide in a saddle connecting its two flanking ridgelines, runs parallel to and along the south slopes of Pisgah Mountain, diverges from the Mahoning Hills to run along the north-side slopes of Mauch Chunk Ridge, passes through Mahoning Township, then joins the Lehigh River near the borough of Lehighton.

</doc>
<doc id="31176084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176084" title="Dan Farrell">
Dan Farrell

Daniel T. "Dan" Farrell (born 1937) is a former ice hockey player and coach. He played for the Michigan Tech Huskies men's ice hockey team from 1957-1960 and was the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team from 1973 to 1980. Farrell later had a career in the financial services and mineral resources industries. He is currently an officer and director of Copper Ridge Explorations, Inc.
Early years.
Farrell was born and raised in Barrie, Ontario, Canada, graduating from Barrie's St. Joseph's High School in 1954. He played hockey for the Hamilton Tiger Cubs from 1955-1956.
Michigan Tech.
He attended Michigan Technological University, where he played forward for Coach John MacInnes' Michigan Tech Huskies men's ice hockey team from 1957-1960. He was an assistant hockey coach at Michigan Tech from approximately 1968 to 1973. He led the Michigan Tech junior-varsity teams to a 38-13-1 record in three years.
University of Michigan.
In February 1973, Farrell was hired to replace Al Renfrew as the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team. He was the head coach at Michigan for seven years from 1973 to 1980. At Michigan, Farrell compiled a record of 135-129-6. Farrell's 1973-1974 team was the first to play at the team's new home in Yost Ice Arena. His best season as the head coach at Michigan was 1976-1977 when the team compiled a record of 28-17-0 (.622) and advanced to the NCAA hockey tournament. The team reached its nadir under Farrell in the 1978-1979 season with a record of 8-27-1, but rebounded in 1979-1980 with a 23-13-2 record. Despite the rebound, Farrell resigned as Michigan's head coach in March 1980. He was replaced the following month by Wilf Martin, who played on Michigan's 1963 national championship team. Martin lasted less than eight months before he, too, resigned.
Business career.
After resigning as the hockey coach in Michigan, Farrell had a career in business. He initially held positions in the financial services. As of 1993, Farrell was employed by the investment firm, IDS. He also held positions with Yorkton Securities and American Express Financial Services.
Farrell later transitioned to the natural resources industry. In approximately August 2002, he was a co-founder of Quincy Energy Corp., a uranium exploration company in Hancock, Michigan. He remained with Quincy as chairman, chief executive officer and a substantial shareholder until July 2006, when the company was acquired by Energy Metals Corp. 
Farrell later founded Zacoro Metals Corp. where he served as president and chief executive officer from March 2006 to September 2008. After Zacoro was acquired by Aura Metals, Inc., Farrell served as the president and chief executive officer of Silver Predator Corp. from March 2009 to December 2009. In September 2009, he became vice president of corporate development and director of Copper Ridge Explorations, Inc., a company specializing in exploring mineral resource properties in western Canada and Alaska. He also serves as director of Hy Lake Gold Inc.
As of 2010, Farrell was also a Michigan Tech Fund Life Trustee.

</doc>
<doc id="31176088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176088" title="Andrzej Poczobut">
Andrzej Poczobut

Andrzej Poczobut ( "Andrej (Andzhej) Pačobut", born 16 April 1973 in Vyalikaya Byerastavitsa) is a Belarusian and Polish journalist and activist of the Polish minority in Belarus. He lives in Hrodna, Belarus.
A correspondent for the Polish newspaper "Gazeta Wyborcza", Poczobut has been arrested more than a dozen times by the government of Belarus. In 2011, he was sentenced to a fine and fifteen days in prison for "participation in the unsanctioned protest rally" following the 2010 presidential election. In 2011 and 2012, he was arrested and detained for allegedly libeling President Alexander Lukashenko in his reports. The charges against Poczobut received international condemnation, with groups including the European Parliament, Reporters Without Borders, and Amnesty International issuing statements in his support.
Background.
He worked as a journalist for several Belarusian media - Den', Narodnaja Volia, Głos znad Niemna and Magazyn Polski. He also works as a correspondent for the Polish newspaper "Gazeta Wyborcza".
He is one of the leaders of the Union of Poles in Belarus.
Protest arrest.
On 19 December 2010, Belarus held a disputed presidential election in which President Alexander Lukashenko was elected to a fourth term, which resulted in widespread opposition protests. On 12 January 2011, the State Security Committee of the Republic of Belarus (KGB) arrested Poczobut for "participation in the unsanctioned protest rally". He was fined 1.75 million Belarusian rubles (US$580) the following day. The KGB also raided his house and confiscated his computer and documents. Andrzej argued that he was acting as a journalist during the rally. On 11 February, he was tried a second time for the same charge, and given a sentence of fifteen days in prison.
Jerzy Buzek, president of the European Parliament, demanded his release. The US-based Committee to Protect Journalists also protested on his behalf, stating that the organization was "outraged that Andrzej Poczobut was not only convicted on a trumped-up charge but that he has now been given jail time after already receiving a sentence of a fine".
In March 2011 the Belarusian government told him that if he did not stop reporting on the administration of Alexander Lukashenko, he would be prosecuted. His accreditation from the Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs was revoked. He argued that his work is protected by his constitutional rights.
2011–2012 libel charges.
Poczobut was arrested again on 6 April 2011, this time on libel charges. The charges stemmed from ten reports about the president Poczobut had published on his blog, in "Gazeta Wyborcza", and on the website Belaruspartisan.org.
The Union of Poles in Belarus campaigned on Poczobut's behalf, calling for his release. Another Polish journalist, Ihar Bantsar, was sentenced to five days in prison for covering the trial. According to Reporters Without Borders (RSF), reporters for Reuters and the Associated Press were assaulted by plainclothes police officers when attempting to photograph Poczobut entering the courthouse.
On 5 July 2011, he was found guilty and given a suspended three-year prison sentence. Poczobut attributed the suspension of his sentence to international pressure, including a statement on his behalf by the EU. Amnesty International also denounced Poczobut's prosecution and named him a prisoner of conscience. RSF called for his conviction to be overturned, calling him "a -watched victim of President Lukashenko's persecution of journalists". Poczobut appealed the verdict, but lost the appeal on 20 September.
In November 2011, the Polish radio station Radio ZET awarded him its Andrzej Wojciechowski prize for his journalism. Because Poczobut was forbidden to leave Belarus, his wife accepted the award on his behalf.
On 21 June 2012, he was arrested in Grodno on another charge of libel against the president, this time for a story criticizing the government's handling of the 2011 Minsk Metro bombing for the independent news site Charter 97. The charge carried a maximum sentence of five years' imprisonment. 
Poczobut was released on bail after a week in detention, but was told a trial against him would still be forthcoming.
The European Parliament adopted a resolution urging that the charges against Pozcobut be dropped. Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk summoned the Belarusian ambassador to object to the libel case, and stated that he also had the backing of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary. RSF again protested the charges, describing Poczobut as "hounded because of his determination to work as an independent reporter", and Amnesty International called for the charges to be dropped. PEN American Center also appealed on his behalf, urging the Belarusian government to "to drop all charges against Pozcobut immediately, and to uphold their obligations to protect freedom of expression for all citizens as guaranteed by Article 19 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights."
Personal life.
Poczobut is married to Aksana Poczobut. He has a daughter (born c. 2001) and a son (born February 2011).
External links.
Blogs by Andrzej Poczobut:

</doc>
<doc id="31176105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176105" title="Basil Favis">
Basil Favis

Basil D. Favis is a full professor in Department of Chemical Engineering, Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal and the director of Center for Research on High Performance Polymer and Composite Systems (CREPEC). Favis is the author or co-author of more than 170 scientific papers and is one of the most highly cited authors in the polymer/biopolymer blends field. In 1995 Favis was the recipient of the Syncrude Canada Innovation Award of the Canadian Society for Chemical Engineering. He is the past chairman of the Macromolecular Science and Engineering Division of the Chemical Institute of Canada, a Fellow of the Chemical Institute of Canada, a Fellow of the Society of Plastics Engineers, a member of the Quebec Order of Engineers and in 1997-1998 was the Invited Professor at the University of Strasbourg in France.
Favis received his Ph.D. in Polymer Physical Chemistry from McGill University in Montréal, Quebec, Canada. After a period in industry as a group leader with Johnson and Johnson Inc. he worked as program manager for polymer blends with the Industrial Materials Institute of the National Research Council of Canada. Since 1990 he has been a professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the Ecole Polytechnique de Montréal.

</doc>
<doc id="31176124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176124" title="Wyoming Highway 372">
Wyoming Highway 372

Wyoming Highway 372 is Wyoming State Road, named "La Barge Road", located in Sweetwater and Lincoln counties.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 372 begins its southern end at Wyoming Highway 374, west of James Town, near exit 83 of Interstate 80/U.S. Route 30. Highway 372 travels northwesterly, roughly paralleling the Green River, although from a considerable distance. Nearing 21 miles, Highway 374 passes along the western side of the Seedskadee National Wildlife Refuge. Shortly thereafter the western terminus of Wyoming Highway 28 is intersected and acts the main route to Riverton and Lander.
Past WYO 28, Highway 372 continues northwest before turning north for a short stretch to serve Fontenelle, where it then turns west. Leaving Fontenelle, WYO 372 heads southwest and then turns west for the last leg of its trip. WYO 372 reaches U.S. Route 189 southwest of the Fontenelle Reservoir.
History.
In 1994, WYO 372 was reconstructed and widened to accommodate additional traffic due to the mining and oil exploration operations north of Green River.

</doc>
<doc id="31176149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176149" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 25)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 25)

The following is a list of episodes from the twenty-fifth season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" which aired in 1995.
Episode 1 (Fast and Slow).
Rogers wants to take his time playing a game with a ball and a few tubes. The same can't be said for the Trolley, which whizzes through the Neighborhood of Make-Believe. 
Episode 2 (Fast and Slow).
Rogers rollerblades with Stephen Lee at a skating rink. Stephen Owl appears in his full safety gear to help the neighbors' cause.
Episode 3 (Fast and Slow).
Daniel is astonished at how fast Prince Tuesday can say the letters of the alphabet. Lady Aberlin gives Daniel the confidence true friends have.
Episode 4 (Fast and Slow).
Chainey Umphrey returns to the neighborhood to demonstrate more gymnastics. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, everyone tries to stop the speeding Trolley. 
Episode 5 (Fast and Slow).
Rogers operates a toy crane in the sandbox. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, a much larger crane finally catches the Trolley and lifts it up, so the neighbors can figure out how it can slow down. 
Episode 6 (Everybody's Special).
Maggie Stewart and Chef Brockett are making layer sandwiches for Maggie's upcoming family reunion. Rogers shows a video on how Corelle dinner plates are made. Chef Brockett discusses with the Royal Family the cake being planned for Cornflake S. Pecially's birthday. 
Episode 7 (Everybody's Special).
The Royal Family continues their plans to Cornflake S. Pecially's birthday and to comfort Prince Tuesday (enlisting Robert Troll in the process). Rogers also shows a video on how wooden shoes are made. 
Episode 8 (Everybody's Special).
Lady Aberlin, dressed as a lion, discovers the dour Prince Tuesday, who is upset that his robe disrupts his guitar lessons. 
Episode 9 (Everybody's Special).
Rogers shows some of the Neighborhood of Make-Believe puppets and introduces the puppeteer who created Prince Tuesday, Lenny Meledandri. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, several people have to console Prince Tuesday, who has removed his robe. 
Episode 10 (Everybody's Special).
Cornflake S. Pecially feels everyone has forgotten that today is his birthday. It adds to the drama of the surprise birthday party, for which Daniel and Prince Tuesday have made a card. 

</doc>
<doc id="31176150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176150" title="Ruby Frost">
Ruby Frost

Ruby Frost (born 1987) (born Jane de Jong) is a New Zealand pop recording artist from Auckland, New Zealand. In 2009, she won the nationwide music competition MTV "42Unheard", giving her a recording contract with Universal Music New Zealand. Since then she has performed showcases at CMJ in New York and The Viper Room in LA; toured with Mt Eden, Cut Copy, Evermore and Van She; and opened for acts including Diplo, Nero, Kimbra, Digitalism and Garbage. She was one of the four judges in season one of "The X Factor NZ", and was the runner-up mentor when her act Whenua Patuwai came second in the competition.
Early singles.
In December 2011, Ruby Frost released her debut single "Moonlight" on bFM, which went to #1 and stayed in the radio station's top 10 for 10 consecutive weeks. The accompanying video was directed by Veronica Crockford-Pound.
Ruby Frost's song "O That I Had" (off her debut, self-released EP) was remixed by Mt Eden in 2010, receiving over one million views on YouTube
Songwriting competitions.
In 2010, Ruby won the Grand Prize of the Pop category in the international John Lennon Songwriting Contest: Section I. This was for her demo "Hazy".
Ruby also came in third place in the Pop/Top 40 category of the International Songwriting Competition (2011), for "Hazy".
In 2012, Ruby's song "Water to Ice" was shortlisted in the Top 20 for the NZ APRA Silver Scrolls.
2012 releases.
Debut album.
Frost's debut album "Volition" was produced in New York by Chris Zane and was released in New Zealand on 8 June 2012 by Universal Music New Zealand. Physical copies of the album came complete with abstract short stories written by Ruby.
The album was critically well received.
Singles.
Ruby released "Water to Ice" in New Zealand in April 2012. The single was playlisted by New Zealand mainstream radio stations The Edge and ZM, and peaked at #3 in The Official New Zealand Music Chart's NZ Singles category. The single's video clip was directed by Joel Kefali and Campbell Smith of Special Problems, and was featured on the frontpage of Vimeo as a Staff Pick on 8 August.
Her next single "Young" was released in New Zealand in September 2012, with a video clip made by Sam Kristofski. Home Brew Crew remixed the song, and it charted in the The Edge's Fat 40 for two months, sparking off a national house party tour that the radio station sponsored (along with Vodafone and Glassons).
Ruby also featured on the Flight of the Conchords single "Feel Inside", which was released to raise money for children's charity Cure Kids.
In 2013, Ruby co-wrote 'The Wire', the second single on David Dallas's album "Falling Into Place". She also sang guest vocals on his song 'The Gate'.

</doc>
<doc id="31176152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176152" title="Cockpit iPads">
Cockpit iPads

Cockpit iPads are iPads used in the aviation industry to replace paper charts and manuals. This technology is currently being used by both private and commercial aircraft pilots and will change the way pilots conduct their flying, as well as making it easier and safer for the pilots in the industry. 
History and testing.
The iPad has been used in General Aviation in conjunction with its paper backup counterpart, which is mandated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). There are many applications available which include everything that would be on the paper charts plus aviation tools including navigation charts, taxi procedures, weather maps, GPS, Minimum Equipment List, Company Policy Manual, Federal Aviation Regulations and flight controls. Although these tools have been used in the private sector, the use of the iPad in commercial aviation is just taking flight.
The Federal Aviation Administration finished a three-month testing project which included putting the device thru adverse conditions such as rapid decompression testing and tests to make sure the tablet did not interfere with the avionic equipment. Early in 2011 the FAA authorized charter company Executive Jet Management to use iPad records without the backup paper charts. This helps make way for the iPad to become an aviation instrument for the rest of the industry. Airlines currently testing or in the process to begin testing include Alaskan Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and American Airlines.
Practicality.
The main motive to use the iPad as a navigation tool is the practicality of the product. The iPad would replace about 25 pounds of paper charts used by pilots that include aircraft flight manuals, approach plates, navigation charts, policy manuals, minimum equipment list and taxi charts. Major airlines based in the United States are mainly paper based, which includes some who have fleets of 900 plus planes. This translates to a lot of paper in the form of charts that could be saved by the iPad. The switch to an electronic system would also make life easier on the pilot. No longer would pilots carry around a heavy flight bag. It would be replaced by the 9.5 inch by 7.31 inch 1.33 pound tablet. Flight planning is also made easier by the iPad. The pilot would be able to use one device to check everything from weather, other airport facilities and flight plans. All this makes a pilot's life a lot easier. 
Safety.
The iPad brings several safety advantages into the cockpit. First is the currency and completeness of the charts. Paper chart revisions are issued every two weeks. A pilot can easily missfile a paper chart, remove the wrong one or forget to file the chart altogether by the time of the flight occurs. An outdated or misplaced chart can increase the possibility of accidents.
Secondly, carrying the 40+ pound kitbag that holds all of the navigation charts is a cause of personal injuries of the pilots themselves. According to Patrick O’Keeffe, American Airlines’s vice president of Airline Operations Technology, “Airlines has reduced the single biggest source of pilot injuries: carrying those packs.”
The iPad also allows for a decrease of clutter in the cockpit. This leads to a safer flight for the pilot and passengers. Pilots need not spread out the large charts in the small cockpit, hence they don't obstruct the view. Pilots can quickly swipe their fingers around the chart as well as switch charts in matter of seconds. This give pilots more time to look out the cockpit window and allows them to be able to just take a glance instead of searching around on a map.
A number of issues have been brought up including distractions in the cockpit, but the Internet on the iPad could not be used at those altitudes and pilots would still be using onboard GPS instruments. Other safety issues include software failure and power outage, but in the three-month test Executive Jet Management conducted, not once did the application shut off or have a failure. Tests did show that if a failure did take place the program could reboot in four to six seconds. Extra iPads in the cockpit are also being talked about as a backup to a system failure. Airlines are also looking into the safety of the placement of the iPads in the cockpit. The most popular placement is on a pilot's kneeboard, a strap that connects to the pilot's upper thigh and makes the device hands free, but many commercial airlines are looking into a dock that is connected to the plane itself.

</doc>
<doc id="31176166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176166" title="Mauch Chunk Creek">
Mauch Chunk Creek

Mauch Chunk Creek (also known as White Bear Creek) is a tributary of the Lehigh River in Carbon County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Mauch Chunk Creek, (Native American for "bear mountain") is dammed to form Mauch Chunk Lake just below Jim Thorpe.

</doc>
<doc id="31176179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176179" title="Patty Ritchie">
Patty Ritchie

Patricia A. "Patty" Ritchie (born February 22, 1962) is a Republican member of the New York State Senate, representing the 48th district.
Ritchie is a lifelong resident of Upstate New York. The daughter of daughter of Rita A. and Kenneth H. Hilborne, she was born and raised in DePeyster, New York. At 15, she moved with her parents and brother to town of Oswegatchie, New York. She graduated from Heuvelton Central High School in 1980.
She received an associates degree in social work from Mater Dei College of Ogdensburg, New York in 1985. She briefly attended SUNY Plattsburgh, then transferred to SUNY Potsdam. She was married in 1982 and continued her education part-time while raising her family and working. Ritchie earned her bachelor's degree in psychology in 1991.
Ritchie worked for the Department of Motor Vehicles from 1986 to 1999. She was then elected as the St. Lawrence County Clerk, a position she held from 2000 through 2010. In 2002, she was the unsuccessful Republican candidate for New York State Assembly District 118, losing to Democrat Darrel Aubertine. In November 2010 she defeated Aubertine, this time for his seat in the State Senate. She was handily reelected in 2012.
In 2011, Ritchie voted against the Marriage Equality Act, which the Senate passed 33-29. roll call
She and her husband Tom live in Oswegatchie. They have three grown children.

</doc>
<doc id="31176194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176194" title="Summer Festival (TV series)">
Summer Festival (TV series)

Summer Festival is a Canadian current affairs and entertainment television series which aired on CBC Television in 1980.
Premise.
This series featured various events throughout Canada such as a lobster festival in Prince Edward Island or Edmonton's Klondike Days. Various series hosts were assigned for each Canadian region. On Monday episodes, Geoff Gray-Cobb of British Columbia provided astrology advice.
"Summer Festival" replaced the "The Bob McLean Show" between June and September 1980.
Scheduling.
This hour-long series was broadcast weekdays at 3:00 p.m. (Eastern time) from 30 June to 5 September 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31176195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176195" title="Swing Easy (TV series)">
Swing Easy (TV series)

Swing Easy is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1959.
Premise.
Regular performers included host Ruth Walker, music group the Rhythm Pals and an orchestra led by Bill Richards.
One episode (29 August 1959) for example featured a Shakespeare theme with singer Denyse Angers and musician Peter Appleyard.
Scheduling.
This half-hour series was broadcast Saturdays at 7:30 p.m. from 4 July to 26 September 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="31176196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176196" title="Canadian Cinema">
Canadian Cinema

Canadian Cinema is a Canadian television series about films, which aired on CBC Television in 1974.
Premise.
Feature films from Canada were presented in this series:
Scheduling.
This series was broadcast in a two-hour time slot on Sundays at 9:00 p.m. (Eastern) from 21 July to 25 August 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31176202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176202" title="Summer Sounds '66">
Summer Sounds '66

"Summer Sounds '66" is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television in 1966.
Premise.
Episodes were produced in various Canadian cities and featured musicians from the respective regions. One Halifax-produced episode featured Édith Butler, Anne Murray, Ken Tobias with host Bill Langstroth. Tommy Banks performed with Judi Singh on another episode from Edmonton.
Scheduling.
This 15-minute series was broadcast on Saturdays at 6:30 p.m. (Eastern time) from 2 July to 15 October 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="31176212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176212" title="Swingalong">
Swingalong

Swingalong is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television in 1962.
Premise.
This Winnipeg-produced series featured easy listening songs. Regulars included Florence Faiers and the Swingalong Chorus, with host Doug Crosley.
Scheduling.
This half-hour series was broadcast on Tuesdays at 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) from 3 July to 28 September 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="31176214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176214" title="Swing Gently">
Swing Gently

Swing Gently is a Canadian musical variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1960.
Premise.
Episodes featured the Billy Van Four with other regulars Allan Blye, Pam Hyatt Alan Millar and Ruth Walker. Visiting artists included musicians and dancers such as David Adams, Joey Hollingsworth, Nina Simone, Lois Smith and the Rhythm Pals.
Scheduling.
This hour-long series was broadcast on Mondays at 9:30 p.m. from 18 July to 19 September 1960. In October 1960, "Swing Gently" became the regular season series "Fancy Free".

</doc>
<doc id="31176215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176215" title="Switzer Unlimited">
Switzer Unlimited

Switzer Unlimited is a Canadian talk show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976.
Premise.
This series was broadcast as a temporary replacement for "The Bob McLean Show" from August, following the conclusion of CBC's broadcast efforts for the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Regular participants included Bill Alexander (artist), Guy Bannerman (broadcaster), Phyllis Coleman (yoga), Doug Collins (journalist), Mike Halleran (environment), Uno Langman (antiques), Barry Leach (environment), Peter Lenak (lawyer), John Lindenlaub (outdoor cooking), Hannah Smith (graphology) and David Tarrant (gardening).
Scheduling.
This hour-long series was broadcast Monday through Friday at 12:00 p.m. (Eastern time) from 2 August to 3 September 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="31176218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176218" title="Take a Look (TV series)">
Take a Look (TV series)

Take a Look is a Canadian children's historical television series which aired on CBC Television from 1955 to 1956.
Premise.
This series featured natural history as illustrated by artifacts from the Manitoba Museum. Host Dick Sutton of the museum was later featured in the 1957 CBC series "Discoveries".
Scheduling.
The first episodes of this 15-minute series was broadcast on Tuesdays at 5:00 p.m. from 5 July to 20 September 1955. It continued for a full season on Wednesdays at 4:30 p.m. from 28 September 1955 to 27 June 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31176222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176222" title="Take Time with Noel Harrison">
Take Time with Noel Harrison

Take Time With Noel Harrison is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1974 to 1976.
Premise.
This series was produced at CBC Halifax, featuring British musician Noel Harrison who was living in Nova Scotia since 1972. Episodes were supported by a six-member music group led by John Redmond.
Visiting artists included John Allan Cameron, Shirley Eikhard, Bob Carpenter, Fraser & DeBolt, Tom Gallant, Beverly Glenn-Copeland, Dee Higgins, Tommy Makem, Colleen Peterson, Jack Schechtman, Stringband and Brent Titcomb.
Scheduling.
This half-hour series was broadcast on Saturdays in its first season at 6:30 p.m. (Eastern time) from 19 October 1974 to 13 September 1975. The second season was broadcast Thursdays at 7:30 p.m. from 18 September 1975 to 15 January 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="31176225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176225" title="Tee to Green">
Tee to Green

Tee to Green is a Canadian sports education television series which was broadcast on CBC Television in 1970.
Premise.
Ernie Afaganis hosted the series which demonstrated golf skills for viewers. It was produced by CBC Edmonton and recorded at Jasper Park Lodge.
Scheduling.
Half-hour episodes were broadcast on Saturdays at 12:00 p.m. from 13 June to 5 September 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31176228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176228" title="Homemade TV">
Homemade TV

Homemade TV is a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1977.
Premise.
This series featured comedy segments from the Homemade Theatre company (Barry Flatman, Fred Mollin, Larry Mollin, Phil Savath). Jed McKay, another company member, was not in the regular cast but served as series writer.
"The Big Story" was a feature sketch in each episode. Some segments were parodies of other films and plays such as "Pigmalion" (for "Pygmalion") and "Ricky" (instead of "Rocky"). Other sketches included the period piece "Rock 'n Romans", whose characters were Emperor Rollus and Roculuse, his slave. Quebec separatism was the focus of the bilingual sketch "Ouest Side Story". In its final run from October 1977, episodes featured a magazine structure, with the participation of children who submitted story ideas or who joined the cast on set. The children who joined the cast on set were selected from the Young People's Theatre acting school at which the members of the Homemade Theatre company taught.
Each episode began with the following voiceover: "It's 4:30. Do you know where your parents are?"
Scheduling.
The initial run of this half-hour series was broadcast weekdays at 4:30 p.m. (Eastern time) from 27 February to 26 March 1976. The second season aired weekly on Tuesdays at 5:00 p.m. from 2 November 1976 to 8 March 1977. Its third and final run was broadcast on Wednesdays at 4:00 p.m. from 5 October to 28 December 1977. Rebroadcasts were scheduled from June to August 1977 and from April to June 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31176230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176230" title="Some of My Best Friends are Men">
Some of My Best Friends are Men

Some of My Best Friends are Men is a Canadian women's issues television series which aired on CBC Television in 1975.
Premise.
The series took a humorous approach to feminist topics during International Women's Year. One recurring segment featured Dave Broadfoot who portrayed a male chauvinist and was pied for his behaviour. Florynce Kennedy also hosted a regular opinion segment. A "Shiny Golden Porker" award was announced to identify cases of media sexism. Subjects included men who look after their children following separation, and the legality of prostitution. Series host was television producer Maxine Samuels ("The Forest Rangers").
Scheduling.
This half-hour series was broadcast Thursdays at 10:30 p.m. (Eastern time) from 11 September to 13 November 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31176238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176238" title="Zorig Foundation">
Zorig Foundation

Zorig Foundation (Mongolian: Зориг Сан) is a Mongolian non-profit, non-governmental organization (NGO) established in October 1998 after the assassination of Mongolian pro-democracy politician Zorig Sanjaasuren. The Zorig Foundation seeks to spread democratic values in Mongolian society; strengthen human rights, political freedoms, and social justice; as well as improve the system of transparency and accountability of the government to the public. In order to meet the above objectives, the Zorig Foundation concentrates its programs in three areas: Youth and Education, Good Governance, and Community Building.
Early history.
Zorig Sanjaasuren (Mongolian: Санжаасүрэнгийн Зориг, 20 April 1962 – 2 October 1998) was a prominent Mongolian politician and leader of the country's 1990 democratic revolution. He is called the "Golden Magpie of Democracy" (Mongolian: Ардчиллын алтан хараацай, Ardchillyn altan kharaatsai). He was murdered in 1998 and yet still his murder remains unsolved. After his death, his sister Oyun entered politics and founded the Civil Will Party along with the Zorig Foundation.
Mission.
The foundation aims to spread democratic values in the society, strengthening human rights, freedom and social justice, promoting pluralism, transparency, and accountability of state and government to the public. The foundation identifies three broad areas of focus in order to complete the principal objectives aforementioned. The areas are Good Governance, Youth and Education, and Community Development. A number of project initiatives are undertaken by Zorig Foundation to promote the three components around Mongolia.
Good governance.
Background.
The good governance programs aim to improve the system of transparency and accountability of the government to the public. Since 1998, Zorig Foundation has implemented numerous anti-corruption, monitoring, and accountability projects. Currently, they have a project on the oral histories of the democratic revolution of 1990 to record firsthand accounts from key players of the democratic revolution.
Monitoring.
In a concerted effort to promote lawful action and discourage corruption, the Zorig Foundation has at multiple times embarked on monitoring projects to curb lawlessness in government.
Monitoring was done on customs office operations in Altanbulag, Zamiin-Uud and Ulaanbaatar /2006/
Conducted monitoring of Government scholarships and loans for university students /2007/ 
Conducted monitoring on the spending of donations on disaster relief /2008/
Youth and education.
Background.
Zorig Foundation's projects in Youth and Education revolve around their provision of numerous scholarships and programs varying from full fee-paying scholarships, to university students, to education programs for young professionals and school age children. The Foundation implements numerous Scholarship Programs aimed at helping academically talented students from financially disadvantaged families obtain higher education degrees. Another example is the School Pairing Program; under this joint Ulaanbaatar/Denver Sister Cities Committee program, high schools began a series of exchanges involving both students and teachers in four American and Mongolian communities, with the primary goal of promoting cross-cultural awareness and understanding between Mongolians and Americans. Zorig Foundation also runs development programs for young professionals. The two most notable of these programs is the Young Leadership Program (YLP) and the Environmental Fellowship Program (EFP).
Scholarships.
The Zorig Foundation provides scholarships to Mongolian students studying domestically. Each scholarship is provided through a partnership with the Foundation and various organizations and companies, such as Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation, Rio Tinto and The Asia Foundation seeking to fund students' education. Zorig Foundation establishes, manages and selects students.
Community development.
Background.
Zorig Foundaiton's Community Development programs aim to assist low-income and vulnerable groups in Mongolia. Their projects mainly focus on empowering the urban poor of Ulaanbaatar. Projects range from improving access to social services to helping create a better sense of community for residents.
Organizational Structure.
The Head of the Foundation is S. Oyun, a prominent Mongolian politician who is also the leader of the Civil Will Party. Its current Executive Director is G. Badruun. The full board of directors is as follows: 
Oyun S. Head of Zorig Foundation, Member of Parliament; 
Badamdamdin R. Former Member of Parliament;
Badamdash D. CEO, Mongolian Airlines Group;
Batbayar N. Member of Parliament;
Batbold S. Member of Parliament;
Bayartsogt S. Member of Parliament; 
Medree B. Vice President, Mongolian Bankers Association;
Otgonbayar Ch. Head of the Foundation for the Empowerment of Rural Women; 
Chimeddorj T. Senior Diplomatic Officer;
Sukhjargalmaa D. Independent Advisor;
Enkhtuya O. Country Director, The Nature Conservancy.
The Foundation also has an auditing board in order to ensure the transparency of the organization. Its members are as follows:
Bold M. CEO, TenGer Financial Group;
Solongo J. Director of Mongolian Cinema Company; 
Sukhbaatar D. CEO, Susan Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="31176241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176241" title="List of The Amazing World of Gumball episodes">
List of The Amazing World of Gumball episodes

"The Amazing World of Gumball" is a British-American animated comedy television series created by Ben Bocquelet for Cartoon Network. Since its debut on May 3, 2011, 80 episodes of the series have been broadcast; its third season premiered on June 5, 2014. "The Amazing World of Gumball" revolves around the life of a 12-year-old cat named Gumball Watterson (Logan Grove, seasons 1–2; Jacob Hopkins, season 3 onward) and his frequent shenanigans in the fictional American city of Elmore. Throughout the series, he interacts with characters such as his adoptive brother and best friend Darwin (Kwesi Boakye, season 1-2; Terrell Ransom, Jr., season 3 onward), sister Anais (Kyla Rae Kowalewski), and parents Nicole and Richard (Teresa Gallagher and Dan Russell).
Bocquelet conceived "The Amazing World of Gumball" in 2007 while working as a development artist for Cartoon Network Development Studio Europe. Having been asked by the network to pitch an idea for a new series, he took sketches of several unused characters he had created for commercials and started developing a concept for a new series based on them. As Cartoon Network was heavily interested in "family shows and school shows" at the time, Bocquelet decided to make "The Amazing World of Gumball" a combination of both. He pitched the series to Daniel Lennard, vice president of Original Series and Development at Turner Broadcasting, who was impressed by the series' premise and ultimately greenlit its production. The first series to be greenlit by Cartoon Network Development Studio Europe, "The Amazing World of Gumball" premiered on May 3, 2011 with the episode "The DVD", which was watched by 2.120 million viewers in the United States.
On June 2, 2014, Cartoon Network announced that the series had been renewed for a fourth and fifth season. Both seasons combined will consist of 40 half-hour episodes.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31176244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176244" title="Summerscope">
Summerscope

Summerscope is a Canadian current affairs television series which aired on CBC Television in 1980.
Premise.
This series consisted of reports and discussion on topics such as Canadian federalism and the Constitution, the restoration and maintenance of old buildings, the presence of Nazi war criminals in Canada, the McDonald Royal Commission of Inquiry into Certain Activities of the RCMP and the Canada Bank Act.
Scheduling.
This half-hour series was broadcast Thursdays at 10:00 p.m. from 5 June to 11 September 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31176245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176245" title="Sunday (Canadian TV series)">
Sunday (Canadian TV series)

Sunday is a Canadian current affairs television series which aired on CBC Television from 1966 to 1967.
Premise.
This series was created to replace the "This Hour Has Seven Days" which the CBC cancelled amid significant controversy. "Sunday" was hosted by journalists Robert Hoyt, Larry Zolf and Peter Reilly, accompanied by musicians Leonard Cohen and Ian Tyson. Hoyt and Zolf were previously with "This Hour Has Seven Days" while Reilly returned to the CBC after dissatisfaction with private network CTV where he helped establish "W5". Executive producer Daryl Duke returned to the CBC after a stint in the United States producing talk shows for Les Crane and Steve Allen.
"Sunday" resembled "This Hour Has Seven Days" in the use of music, a studio audience and a combination of satire, interviews and information. Musical guests included Joan Baez, Ian and Sylvia, Phil Ochs, Otis Redding, The Staple Singers and the Metropolitan Toronto Police Choir. The series included controversial subjects such as sexuality, including the documentary "Exit 19" on the sexual revolution. Another episode featured an interview with German Neo-Nazi leader Adolph von Thadden who claimed he was merely misunderstood.
Viewership of "Sunday" was limited and the series was cancelled after its only season. Its last episode featured an interview with Martin Luther King, Jr.. The CBC created a new public affairs series, "The Way It Is", for the 1967-68 season.
Reception.
Senator Grattan O'Leary objected to the high cost of what he considered "third-rate program" as "Sunday"'s production consumed approximately $50,000 per episode. Prior to O'Leary's comments, CBC president Alphonse Ouimet stood before the Senate's finance committee to defend the series.
Scheduling.
This hour-long series was broadcast on Sundays at 10:00 p.m. (Eastern time) from 6 November 1966 to 16 April 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="31176252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176252" title="Sunday Pops Series">
Sunday Pops Series

Sunday Pops Series is a Canadian classical music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television and simulcast on CBC Stereo in 1977.
Premise.
Symphony concerts were produced in various Canadian cities: Edmonton, Montreal, Ottawa, Quebec City, Toronto, Vancouver and Winnipeg.
Scheduling.
This hour-long series was broadcast on Sundays at 10:00 p.m. from 24 July to 4 September 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31176253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176253" title="Swingaround">
Swingaround

Swingaround is a Canadian children's quiz television series which aired on CBC Television from 1967 to 1970.
Premise.
Contestants in this quiz show were Toronto-area seventh grade school students. Quiz elements included isolation booth questions and "Who Am I?" segments. The National Telephone Quiz segment was introduced in the second season in which the host called a student elsewhere in Canada to participate with a studio team for several questions. Doris Tennant was the series' coordinator.
Scheduling.
The series began its first season as an eight-minute segment around 4:50 p.m. (Eastern time) from 12 September 1967. It followed episodes of "Barney Boomer" which from January 1968 became "Upside Town".
"Swingaround" was lengthened to fill a 30-minute time slot from 26 April 1968, where it aired on Fridays at 4:30 p.m. until 7 June 1968. It moved to Tuesdays at 4:30 p.m. for its second full season from 1 October 1968 to 24 June 1969. Its third and final season ran from 30 September 1969 to 30 June 1970, also in the Tuesday 4:30 p.m. time slot.

</doc>
<doc id="31176261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176261" title="Sunday Best (Canadian TV series)">
Sunday Best (Canadian TV series)

Sunday Best is a Canadian documentary television series which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1976.
Premise.
This mid-season series featured rebroadcasts of CBC documentaries on various subjects, including episodes from "Tuesday Night".
Scheduling.
This hour-long series was broadcast on Sundays at 4:00 p.m. as follows (times in Eastern):

</doc>
<doc id="31176266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176266" title="Par 27">
Par 27

Par 27 is a Canadian sports television series which aired on CBC Television from 1978 to 1980.
Premise.
Each episode featured a contest between two golfers who each played nine balls towards a hole. Each shot was rated at par 3, thus the total of "Par 27" per player. Of the nine shots per player, three were from the tee, three were situated 50 yards from the green and the remaining three from a bunker. Al Balding provided commentary with host Ernie Afaganis.
Scheduling.
This half-hour series was broadcast on Saturday afternoons as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31176275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176275" title="On the Evidence">
On the Evidence

On the Evidence is a Canadian legal drama television series which aired on CBC Television from 1975 to 1977.
Premise.
This series presented dramatisations of court trials, some of which were based on real cases. Judges, lawyers and court clerks were portrayed by Canadian Bar Association members while actors played the accused and the witnesses. Some studio audience members were chosen to form the jury. The proceedings were recorded over two hours then condensed for the hour-long broadcast.
Scheduling.
This hour-long series was broadcast as follows (times in North American Eastern):

</doc>
<doc id="31176284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176284" title="Kaliaganj (community development block)">
Kaliaganj (community development block)

Kaliaganj (community development block) is an administrative division in Raiganj subdivision of Uttar Dinajpur district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Kaliaganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Kaliaganj.
Geography.
Kaliaganj is located at .
Kaliaganj community development block has an area of 299.92  km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Kaliaganj block/ panchayat samiti are: Anantapur, Baruna, Bhandar, Bochadanga, Dhankoil, Malgaon, Mostafanagar and Radhikapur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Kaliaganj block had a total population of 190,014, out of which 97,822 were males and 92,192 were females. Kaliaganj block registered a population growth of 26.58 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 28.72 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31176288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176288" title="Raiganj (community development block)">
Raiganj (community development block)

Raiganj (community development block) is an administrative division in Raiganj subdivision of Uttar Dinajpur district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Raiganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Raiganj. Nachhratpur Katabari and Kasba are two census towns in this block.
Geography.
Raiganj is located at . 
Raiganj community development block has an area of 466.26  km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Raiganj block/ panchayat samiti are:Bahin, Baruna, Bhatun, Bindole,11 NO Birghoi, Gouri, Jagadishpur, Kamalabari I, Kamalabari II, Mahipur, Maraikura, Rampur, Sherpur and Sitgram.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Raiganj block had a total population of 362,285, out of which 187183 were males and 175102 were females. Raiganj block registered a population growth of 30.71 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 28.72 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31176293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176293" title="Mikhnevich">
Mikhnevich

Mikhnevich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31176304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176304" title="Juliette (TV series)">
Juliette (TV series)

Juliette is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1956 to 1966.
Premise.
Juliette Cavazzi made early Canadian radio and television appearances on series such as "Holiday Ranch". She was a regular on "The Billy O'Connor Show" from 1955 and inherited that show's time slot in 1956 following a dispute with O'Connor.
The series opened with the tag line, "ow let's meet, and greet, your pet. . .Ju-u-liette", as delivered by announcer Gil Christie. Juliette then greeted the audience saying, "Hi there, everybody." Each episode proceeded with selections of current and past popular music then Juliette finished the programme with her phrase, "Good night, Mom.".
Bobby Gimby was a regular performer during the series' initial years, joined by an "escort" or male vocalist. Other regular performers included the vocal groups The Four Romeos (1959–1965) and The Four Mice (1960–64).
Player's cigarettes was a key show sponsor; series announcer Gil Christie also narrated the company's advertisements.
Production.
The series was produced at CBC Toronto and was broadcast live. Its rehearsals were frequently conducted immediately prior to air time during "Hockey Night in Canada". In 1957, each episode's production cost was $6000. Visiting artists included Eleanor Collins, Jack Jones, Marg Osborne and Earl Wrightson. Gino Silvi provided choral arrangements for the series.
Significant changes were made for the final 1965-66 season. Bill Isbister, musical director since the program's debut, was replaced by Lucio Agostini. More attention was given to visiting artists and a new "This Week" segment was introduced to promote particular performers and their upcoming events. The Art Hallman Singers became regular performers.
Scheduling.
This series was broadcast from 27 October 1956 to 18 June 1966, generally after the Saturday hockey broadcast and national newscast. Its first season's air time was 11:10 p.m.
The cancellation of "Juliette" was made public by CBC on 7 April 1966, announcing that its star would move "into the field of one-hour specials". The time slot that September was replaced by the short-lived multicultural music series "A World of Music". Meanwhile, Juliette was scheduled for at least two appearances in the 1966-67 season on the network's "Show of the Week" Monday broadcasts.
Reception.
The series attracted substantial viewership, exceeding one million viewers per episode, retaining a large proportion of the ratings of the preceding hockey games. Juliette's performance style on the series was inoffensive, positive and informal.
"Globe and Mail" columnist Dennis Braithwaite took a critical view of the programme's quality. When "Juliette" was cancelled in 1966, he noted the star's "real trouble has been her failure to grow as a performer" during the ten seasons. Braithwaite further felt the automatically high audience levels following the hockey broadcasts curtailed any incentive for creative production and improved program financing.

</doc>
<doc id="31176312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176312" title="Suamico-class oiler">
Suamico-class oiler

The "Suamico" class were a class of 25 United States Navy oilers during WWII. Built to the Maritime Commission T2-SE-A1 ("Suamico" class), -A2 ("Escambia" class) and -A3 ("Cohocton") designs, they used turbo-electric transmission, obviating the need for reduction gearing which was a major issue in US mass-production shipbuilding.
Construction.
The "Suamicos".
Just before the war the United States Maritime Commission had developed a standardized tanker design, the T2, which could be mass-produced in time of war, and militarized as needed for naval auxiliaries. The T2 was given sufficient engine power to attain 16.5 knots, which the Navy considered the minimum required for a fleet oiler.
The T2 and its variants (see ) however used conventional geared steam turbine propulsion, and with the massive expansion of US shipbuilding, a production bottleneck developed: the limited availability of the precision machinery needed to manufacture reduction gearing. The Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Company of Chester, Pennsylvania worked around this problem by designing a T2 variant which used turbo-electric propulsion; that is, the steam turbine ran a generator, which in turn powered electric drive motors without the need for gearing. Compared to conventional geared turbines turbo-electric systems produced less power for the same size and weight, so Sun's T2-SE (steam-electric)-A1 design could only develop 6,000 shaft horsepower for 14 knots, but since commercial tankers typically only did 12-13 knots this was acceptable. Acknowledging the practicality of the design for merchant service, the Maritime Commission ordered 72 T2-SE-A1s from four shipyards in May 1941. Ultimately 536 T2-SEs would be built, the most-produced tanker design in history.
On 9 June 1942, Admiral Nimitz indicated an immediate need for four more fleet oilers. The War Shipping Board requisitioned the last remaining T2 and T2-A tankers still in commercial service, "Catawba" and "Aekay", and, with reservations given their limited speed, two nearly-complete Sun T2-SE-A1s, "Harlem Heights" and "Valley Forge." These were commissioned as USS "Suamico" (AO-49) and "Tallulah" (AO-50). In August, with the fourteen repeats of the big 18-knot "Cimarron" class still a year from completion, the Navy took over the next two T2-SEs off Sun's ways, "Oriskany" and "Stillwater," renamed "Pecos" (AO-65) and "Cache" (AO-67). On August 7 the Auxiliary Vessels Board recommended that the Navy add two oilers per month for a period of six months. While fifteen of the 15.3-knot T3-S-A1 type had been ordered by the Maritime Commission, only five (the "Chiwawa" class) would be completed in time, and so the Navy filled out the requirement with another seven T2-SE-A1s, AO-73 through 79, the first of which were acquired on the last day of 1942.
The "Escambias".
During the spring and summer of 1942, a period German U-boat captains called "the happy time," tankers were being sunk in the Atlantic faster than they could be built. In response, on 27 July the Maritime Commission decided that the new Marinship yard at Sausalito, California, created to produce Liberty ships, would construct T2-SE tankers instead, with an initial order of 22. However, there simply were not enough of the specified generator plants available. On the other hand, General Electric indicated its ability to provide the larger 10,000 hp turbo-electric plants designed for the P2-SE2-R1 "Admiral" class fast transports, and Marinship's naval architects modified the original Sun design to make room for the larger installation. The Marin T2-SE-A2's engineering spaces were cramped, but it all fit; better yet, the new design was capable of speeds in excess of 15 knots. By the end of the year the Navy, unenthusiastic about the slower "Suamicos," was eager to acquire the more powerful new version and requisitioned the first nine, which were launched starting in April 1943 and after conversion as fleet oilers started commissioning in October, as AO-80, USS "Escambia", through AO-88.
The Maritime Commission followed its initial order of 22 T2-SE-A2's with another for 18 more; the Navy would acquire six of these as AO-91 through 96. By the time these started entering service in late 1944 the Navy was finding that fresh water was becoming more of a problem in the Pacific than fuel; accordingly "Pasig" and "Abatan" were converted to water-distilling ships (AW-3 and 4), and "Soubarissen" into a water tanker.
The A3s.
On 16 Oct 44 the Chief of Naval Operations recommended that the Maritime Commission building program for the last half of 1945 be modified to provide for the construction of nine additional oilers for the Navy. On 2 Nov 44 the MC added to its program the construction of four ships at Marinship to the 10,000 horsepower T2-SE-A3 design together with five T3s at Bethlehem Steel. The T2-SE-A3 type was essentially an A2 built to Navy standards from the start rather than being modified later (converting a civilian tanker to a Navy fleet oiler represented an additional 4–6 months' work after delivery). The last 3 ships were completed without these features, after the Navy canceled them in the waning days of the war.
Postwar service.
All of the oilers of the class were decommissioned to reserve in 1946; however all were reactivated for tanker duties with civilian crews by the Naval Transport Service and its successor the Military Sea Transportation Service in 1947-50, except for "Saranac", which had been converted to a floating electric power plant to supply the naval base at Guam, and "Ponaganset", which broke in half and sank during her pre-reactivation overhaul. The "Escambias" were retired to the National Defense Reserve Fleet by the end of the 1950s, while the somewhat more economical "Suamicos" soldiered on through the Vietnam War; "Cowanesque" struck a reef and foundered off Okinawa in 1972. Because of their 7.5 megawatt generating capacity, six of the "Escambias" were transferred to the Army and converted to floating power plants in 1965-66, serving in that role in Vietnam. When "Saugatuck" went to the breakers in 2006 she was the last survivor of the Navy's Type T2 oilers.

</doc>
<doc id="31176322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176322" title="Antonio Salazar (baseball)">
Antonio Salazar (baseball)

Antonio Salazar Calzado (born 15 October 1965 in Madrid) is a former Spanish baseball center fielder. He played with Spain at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He had 6 hits in 19 at-bats over 6 games.

</doc>
<doc id="31176324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176324" title="2010–11 Murray State Racers men's basketball team">
2010–11 Murray State Racers men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Murray State Racers men's basketball team represented Murray State University in the 2010–11 college basketball season. This was head coach Billy Kennedy's fifth season at Murray State. The Racers competed in the Ohio Valley Conference and played their home games at the CFSB Center. They finished the season 23–8, 14–4 in OVC play to capture the regular season championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31176335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176335" title="2011 Copa Bionaire – Singles">
2011 Copa Bionaire – Singles

Polona Hercog was the defending champion, but chose to not compete this year. <br> Irina-Camelia Begu defeated Laura Pous Tió in the final 6–3, 77–61.

</doc>
<doc id="31176362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176362" title="Arkansas State Library">
Arkansas State Library

Arkansas State Library is a special library that operates as a state agency within Arkansas State Government. It provides information resources for state agencies, legislators and legislative staffs. In addition, the Arkansas State Library provides guidance and support for the development of local public libraries and library services. Finally, the ASL provides resources, services, and leadership for the educational, informational and cultural needs of Arkansas citizens.
The current Arkansas State Librarian is Carolyn Ashcraft. 
General public.
The Arkansas State Library offers various programs and services for the general public, including Arkansas Center for the Book, Bookreporter.com, Document Collection, Information about the Arkansas General Assembly (Legislators & Committees/Meetings & Events/Acts & Bill Status), Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped; Information Services such as Reference assistance and Ask a Librarian, Library Card registration, Online Catalog, assistance with Patents and Trademarks, Resource Assistance In Seeking Employment (R.A.I.S.E); Newsletter, Public Library Directory, Summer Reading Program, and the Traveler Online Database Program.
Librarians and trustees.
The ASL provides librarians and library trustees with numerous services, such as the Arkansas Center for the Book, Bibilostat Collect and Bibliostat Connect Log-in, Federal & State Documents, E-rate Assistance for Public Libraries, Grant Information, ILL, and the Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped.
State government employees and legislators.
State government employees and legislators have access to the State Library's online databases, reference assistance, federal and state documents; and may benefit from using Inter-library Loan, Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped, and overall information services.
Teachers and students.
Many services are offered for teachers and students, including America's Story from America's Library (Library of Congress for Kids), Arkansas Center for the Book, Arkansas Department of Education, Ben's Guide to U.S. Government for Kids (K-2;3-5;9-12; Parents & Teachers), Book Awards & Reading Lists, and Letters about Literature.
Library for the blind and physically handicapped.
The Arkansas Regional Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped is part of the Library of Congress National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped (NLS) network and the Arkansas State Library. Arkansas citizens unable to use regular print material may borrow popular books and magazines in recorded or Braille format free of charge.
Reference and online resources.
Information Services (formerly known as State Library Services) at the Arkansas State Library was established in 1979 to help provide reference services, access to printed and/or electronic materials and to online information along with work-related Interlibrary Loan services to state agencies and the state legislature. The State Library provides free library cards for use by the citizens of Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="31176373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176373" title="The Exhibit of American Negroes">
The Exhibit of American Negroes

The Exhibit of American Negroes was a sociological display within the Palace of Social Economy at the 1900 World's Fair in Paris. The exhibit was a joint effort between Daniel Murray, the Assistant Librarian of Congress, Thomas Calloway, a lawyer and the primary organizer of the exhibit, and W.E.B. Du Bois with the goal of demonstrating the progress and commemorating the lives of African Americans at the turn of the century. It included a statuette of Frederick Douglass, four bound volumes of nearly 400 official patents by African Americans, photographs from several educational institutions (Fisk University, Howard University, Roger Williams University, Tuskegee Institute, Claflin University, Berea College), an African-American bibliography by the Library of Congress containing 1,400 titles, and W. E. B. Du Bois’s Atlanta Studies. Most memorably, the exhibit displayed some five hundred photographs of African-American men and women, homes, churches, businesses and landscapes.
Founding.
Thomas Calloway, an African-American lawyer and educator, sent a letter to over one hundred African-American representatives in various sections of the United States, including Booker T. Washington, to solicit help in advocating for an exhibit to present at the world’s fair in Paris. The letter insists that, “thousands upon thousands will go the fair, and a well selected and prepared exhibit, representing the Negro’s development in his churches, his schools, his homes, his farms, his stores, his professions and pursuits in general will attract attention... and do a great and lasting good in convincing thinking people of the possibilities of the Negro.” Washington appealed personally to President William McKinley and just four months before the opening of the Paris Exposition, Congress allocated fifteen thousand dollars to fund the exhibit. Calloway enlisted Du Bois, with whom he had formerly been classmates at Fisk, and Daniel Murray, Assistant to the Librarian of Congress, to assemble materials.
Du Bois included photographs that he called "typical Negro faces," exemplifying the accomplishment and progress of African Americans. He compiled a set of three large albums of photographs, the photographer of which was never identified at the exhibit. Some were formal studio portraits, but there were also informal snapshots of groups of people, children playing in the streets, people working, family outings, images of houses and businesses and the interiors of homes.
The exhibit was separate from United States national building, within the shared space of the Palace of Social Economy and Congresses with maps detailing U.S. resources, New York City tenement models, and information on labor unions, railroad pensions and libraries. It was displayed from April to November 0f 1900 and over 50 million people passed through.
Mainstream American newspapers generally ignored the existence of the Negro Exhibit, and the U.S. commissioner-general failed to mention the Negro Exhibit in his comprehensive article published in the "North American Review". Still, the Negro Exhibit occupied one fourth of the total exhibition space allocated to the US in the multinational Palace of Social Economy and Congresses, and Black periodicals like "The Colored American" wrote extensively about the project.
Today the Exhibit of American Negroes is housed at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="31176393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176393" title="1930 in Canadian football">
1930 in Canadian football

Canadian Football News in 1930.
The Winnipeg Rugby Club was formed on May 14 at the annual meeting of the MRFU. The team played as the Winnipegs and adopted the colours of green and white. 
On September 29 in the first game played in Canada under floodlights, the Hamilton Tigers defeated the University of British Columbia in an exhibition game at Athletic Park. 
The first game in Eastern Canada under floodlights was on October 29 between Oshawa and Toronto Balmy Beach in Toronto's Ulster Stadium. 
The convert kicking spot was moved from the 35-line to the 25 but only drop kicks were allowed.
Regular season.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup Playoffs.
"Note: All dates in 1930"

</doc>
<doc id="31176399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176399" title="Enrique Cortés Pes">
Enrique Cortés Pes

Enrique Cortés Pes Gallego (born 29 November 1966 in Viladecans, Barcelona) is a former Spanish baseball player. He played with Spain at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He had 1 hit in 11 at-bats over 6 games, all losses for Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="31176436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176436" title="Rockhouse Falls">
Rockhouse Falls

Rockhouse Falls, is a plunge waterfall that marks Rockhouse Creek's confluence with Cane Creek. The waterfall, which shares a plungepool with Cane Creek Falls, is visible from the Gorge Trail and from the base of the Cane Creek Gorge. The falls are located near Spencer, Tennessee in Fall Creek Falls State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31176438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176438" title="Crucifix of Ferdinand and Sancha">
Crucifix of Ferdinand and Sancha

The crucifix of Ferdinand and Sancha () is an ivory carving from "circa" 1063, today in the National Archaeological Museum of Spain. It was part of an offering by King Ferdinand I of León and Queen Sancha to furnish the basilica of San Isidoro de León. It is the earliest known crucifix from Spain depicting the body of Christ. Although earlier Spanish crucifices of gold, ivory and wood are known, they are all without images. The official inventory of the royal gift describes the crucifix as "a cross of ivory with the image of our crucified Redeemer". It measures 52 cm high, 34.5 cm wide, and 1 cm thick, with the width of the cross beams being 7 cm. The image of Christ is 305 mm tall. 
The figure of Christ is shown with its heading reclining to the left, its large eyes wide open and encrusted with jet, and sporting a beard and moustache. (Jet eyes were common at the time in ivory sculptures of the region.) Each foot is shown nailed individually to the cross. The fingers of Christ's right hand are missing. His "perizonium" (loin cloth) covers him to the knees and is tied at his waist. The legs and torso are perfectly vertical. There is a small space behind the body so the piece could serve as a reliquary, as was typical. 
On the obverse of the cross are intertwined images of plants and animals, and of humans either ascending to paradise or descending to hell. Above the image of Christ is the inscription:
IHSNAZA<br>RENUSREX<br>IUDEORU
which transaltes "Jesus of Nazareth, the King of the Jews", the citation placed on the cross according to the Four Gospels. Above the inscription on the ivory is a representation of the resurrected Christ carrying a cross. At the base of the cross, below the crucified figure, is a figure of Adam, and below that the inscription:
FREDINANDUSREX<br>SANCIAREGINA
indicating the commissioners of the work, King Ferdinand and Queen Sancha. The reverse of the cross bears plant figures, in the centre the Agnus Dei, and at the four extremities of the arms the symbols of the Four Evangelists. 

</doc>
<doc id="31176475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176475" title="Patrick Kalilombe">
Patrick Kalilombe

Patrick Augustine Kalilombe (28 August 1933 – 25 September 2012) was a Roman Catholic theologian who was the Bishop of Lilongwe from 1972 to 1979.
Kalilombe was born in Mua, Malawi Nyasaland. He was ordained a priest with the White Fathers in 1958, and joined the staff at Kachebere Seminary in 1964, being appointed rector in 1968. In 1972 he was ordained Bishop of Lilongwe Diocese in Malawi, but in 1976 a conflict arose between the church and the government of Hastings Banda. According to Kalilombe himself, the church was accused of "forming clandestine subversive groups which were working against the party and did not show respect and obedience to the Life President." Kalilombe was asked to leave the country, and when he did return briefly in July 1976, he was placed under house arrest. However, he did not resign as bishop until 1979. Margaret Hebblethwaite suggests that "several years later the bishops of Malawi supported the view that Kalilombe would not be welcomed back."
Kalilombe obtained a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley before taking up an appointment as Third World Lecturer in the Mission Department of the Selly Oak Colleges in Birmingham. In 1987 he became Director of the Ecumenical Centre for Black and White Christian Partnership.
He had been described as the "darling of Catholic progressives in Britain."

</doc>
<doc id="31176478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176478" title="Coon Creek Falls">
Coon Creek Falls

Coon Creek Falls, is a plunge waterfall which shares a plungepool with Fall Creek Falls. The falls are not always present, depending on the amount of precipitation in the area. The falls are located near Spencer, Tennessee in Fall Creek Falls State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31176513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176513" title="Cane Creek Falls">
Cane Creek Falls

Cane Creek Falls, is a plunge waterfall located along Cane Creek near Spencer, Tennessee, above the creek's confluence with Rockhouse Creek and Fall Creek. The waterfall is visible from the Gorge Trail and from the base of the Cane Creek Gorge, which can be accessed via the Cable Trail. The falls are located in Fall Creek Falls State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31176523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176523" title="Battle of Brega">
Battle of Brega

Battle of Brega may refer to:
World War II
Libyan civil war

</doc>
<doc id="31176526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176526" title="Shanghai Blues">
Shanghai Blues

Shanghai Blues (Chinese:上海之夜) is a Hong Kong film directed by Tsui Hark, which had its premiere on September 1984. Kenny Bee, Sylvia Chang and Sally Yeh starred in this film. The music is composed by Wong Jim. The film has been selected as one of the Top 10 Chinese films of 1984 at Hong Kong International Film Festival.
Plot.
Dung Gwok-man and Aak-suk are both clown of a night club, after the breaking out of the Second Sino-Japanese War, Gwok-man is inspired by patriotism thought, and prepared for joining the army . The Japanese battleplanes is bombing Shanghai, Gwok-man meet with a young girl named Aak-syu. They agree that they would meet at Suzhou Bridge after the war. Ten years past, Gwok-man return to Shanghai to look for Aak-syu, but only meet several vagrant veterans.
At this time Aak-syu has became a dance hostess at Bat-je-sing Dancery. One day she run up against Dang-zai, a wandering girl. She let Dang-zai to live in her own room. She never think of that Gwok-man is in the same apartment, too. One day Aak-syu's maid is assaulted by a rogue, Aak-syu herself is beaten for helping her. But later Ask-syu sing in an impromptu, and attracted a plutocrat's attention. The plutocrat want to marry her, but is refused.
Dang-zai take part in a beauty contest of Calendar Queen by chance. Accidentally, she is chosen as the winner by the wealthy old lady who sponsor the contest. At the same time, "Shanghai Blues", a song composed by Gwok-man, is chosen by a famous singer Zau Siu-sin, and is suddenly popular among the Shanghai people. One day it rains very heavily, Gwok-man and Aak-syu share one umbrella, they return to Gwok-man's home together, but was encountered by Dang-zai, who is in love with Gwok-man unrequitedly. Another day, Gwok-man saved Ask-syu when she is annoying by some canailles.
Gwok-man and Aak-suk later find a job, to make performance for advertisement. One day when he is performing, Aak-syu happen to pass there in a car. Aak-syu want to meet Gwok-man, but hurt her leg when jumping out of the car. Dang-zai appear at Calendar Queen party, a rich man fuddle her, so the boss can rape her. But the wealthy old lady drink the wine mixed with magic potions by mistake, fainted on the bed in the boss's room. The drunken Dang-zai fall to the ground, escaped from rape. A power failure occur that night, the boss mistake the old lady for Dang Zai, and it ended with a farce. In the same night, Gwok-man and Aak-syu finally recognize each other.
When Aak-syu realize that Dang-zai also love Gwok-man, she decide to leave Shanghai. At the last moment, Gwok-man catch up with the train, be together with Aak-syu again.

</doc>
<doc id="31176542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176542" title="Don River Bridge, Rannes">
Don River Bridge, Rannes

The Don River Bridge is a road bridge over the Don River on the Leichhardt Highway near Rannes, Queensland, Australia. It is a low-level timber bridge which is prone to flooding.
Three new concrete bridges are planned on a new and improved alignment of a 13 km section of the Leichhardt Highway over the Don River, Windmill Creek and Log Creek as part of the $65 million "Don River Bridges Project". When completed the higher bridges will improve flood immunity of this important rural highway. 
Construction of the new bridges is expected to start by the end of 2011 and be completed in mid-2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31176561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176561" title="Hatefi">
Hatefi

Hatefi, 'Abd-Allah () was a Persian poet (1454–1521) and nephew of Abdul Rahman Jami.
Life.
He was born around 1454 at Khargerd, a village on the outskirts of the Khorasanian town Jam (modern Afghanistan). He spent his whole life in his native city and served as the custodian of the Qasim Anvar museum. He entered Timurid literary circles after passing a test that was set up by his uncle, the famous Persian poet 'Abdul Rahman Jami. Hatefi was a Shi'ite and was thus honored by Shah Ismai'l the founder of the Safavid dynasty. He interceded on behalf of the Sunni inhabitants of Jām towards whom this Safavid ruler was hostile.
Works.
Hatefi composed poetry in several genre but he is known above all for his "Khamsa" (pentalogue). Modelled after previous petanologues of Persian literature including those of Nizami Ganjavi, his "Khamsa" became famous even outside of Iran. Lami'i Chelebi, produced an Ottoman translation of his work, and the several editions of his "Khamsa" in the Ottoman Empire and in India are proof of his widespread fame. Hatefi’s literary fame rests on his realistic and straightforward style. He displayed a remarkable originality in hadling his stories and his style was often emulated by later poets. Four of his works in his "Khamsa" have been published thus far.
The five works which are comprised by his "Khamsa" are:

</doc>
<doc id="31176562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176562" title="One Writer's Beginnings (book)">
One Writer's Beginnings (book)

"One Writer's Beginnings" is a collection of autobiographical essays by Eudora Welty, winner of the 1973 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. The book is based on three lectures she delivered at Harvard University in April 1983, as part of the William E. Massey Sr. lecture series. The three essays are entitled: "Listening", "Learning to See", and "Finding a Voice." Well received by both critics and fans alike, "One Writer's Beginnings" was on "The New York Times" bestseller list for almost a year.
In the essays, Ms. Welty explains the inescapable bond between her childhood in Mississippi and her later career as a writer. She shares details from her childhood and her relationship with her parents, Christian Welty and Chestina Andrews Welty. She discusses how these two critical relationships, and other relationships from her childhood, contributed to her literary voice. The book has been praised as revealing "the confluence of past and present as the design of Welty's life and art by making such intersection the structural principle behind her lifestory as an artist."
The book includes a number of Welty family photos.
The lectures were published in book form by Harvard University Press in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31176564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176564" title="All in Time (Jim Cuddy album)">
All in Time (Jim Cuddy album)

All in Time is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Cuddy. It was released by WEA on September 8, 1998. The album peaked at number 38 on the "RPM" Top Albums chart.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jim Cuddy.

</doc>
<doc id="31176587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176587" title="All in Time">
All in Time

All in Time may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31176597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176597" title="Piney Creek Falls">
Piney Creek Falls

Piney Creek Falls is a waterfall located along Piney Creek, a mile or so above its confluence with Cane Creek. Trails lead to the base of the falls and an overlook above the falls. The falls are located near Spencer, Tennessee in Fall Creek Falls State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31176600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176600" title="Palazzo style architecture">
Palazzo style architecture

Palazzo style refers to an architectural style of the 19th and 20th centuries based upon the palazzi (palaces) built by wealthy families of the Italian Renaissance. The term refers to the general shape, proportion and a cluster of characteristics, rather than a specific design; hence it is applied to buildings spanning a period of nearly two hundred years, regardless of date, provided they are a symmetrical, corniced, basemented and with neat rows of windows. "Palazzo style" buildings of the 19th century are sometimes referred to as being of Italianate architecture but this term is also applied to a much more ornate style, particularly of residences and public buildings.
While early Palazzo style buildings followed the forms and scale of the Italian originals closely, by the late 19th century, the style was more loosely adapted and applied to commercial buildings many times larger than the originals. The architects of these buildings sometimes drew their details from sources other than the Italian Renaissance, such as Romanesque and occasionally Gothic architecture. In the 20th century, the style was superficially applied, like the Gothic revival style, to multi-storey buildings. In the late 20th and 21st century some Postmodern architects have again drawn on the palazzo style for city buildings.
History.
Origins.
The Palazzo style began in the early 19th century essentially as a revival style which drew, like Classical revival and Gothic revival, upon archaeological styles of architecture, in this case the palaces of the Italian Renaissance. Italian palazzi, as against villas which were set in the countryside, were part of the architecture of cities, being built as town houses, the ground floor often serving as commercial premises. Early palazzi exist from the Romanesque and Gothic periods, but the definitive style dates from a period beginning in the 15th century, when many noble families had become rich on trade. Famous examples include the Palazzo Medici-Riccardi built by Michelozzo in Florence, the Palazzo Farnese built by Antonio da Sangallo the Younger and completed by Michelangelo in Rome, and the Ca' Vendramin Calergi by Mauro Codussi and Ca'Grande by Jacopo Sansovino on the Grand Canal in Venice.
Early 19th century.
The earliest true Renaissance Revival "Palazzo style" buildings in Europe were built by the German architect Leo von Klenze who usually worked in the Greek Neo-Classical style. The Palais Leuchtenberg, (1816) is probably the first of several such buildings on the new Ludwigstrasse and has a rusticated half-basement and quoins, three storeys of windows with those of the second floor being pedimented, a large cornice and a shallow columned portico around the main door. The walls are stoccoed and painted like the Palazzo Farnese. 
In England, the earliest 19th-century application of the Palazzo style was to a number of London gentlemen's clubs. It was then applied to residences, both as town and, less commonly, country houses and to banks and commercial premises. In the late 19th century, the Palazzo style was adapted and expanded to serve as a major architectural form for department stores and warehouses. In England, the Palazzo style was at its purist in the second quarter of the 19th century. It was in competition with the Classical Revival style, which incorporated large pediments, colonnades and giant orders, lending a grandeur to public buildings as seen at the British Museum (1840s), and the more romantic Italianate and French Empire styles in which much domestic architecture was built.
Early examples are the London clubs, The Athenaeum Club by Decimus Burton (1824) and The United Service Club by John Nash and Decimus Burton (1828) on Waterloo Place and Pall Mall. In 1829 Barry initiated Renaissance Revival architecture in England with his Palazzo style design for The Travellers' Club, Pall Mall. While Burton and Nash's designs draw on English Renaissance models such as Inigo Jones' Banqueting House, Whitehall and the Queen's House, Greenwich, Barry's designs are conscientiously archaeological in reproducing the proportions and forms of their Italian Renaissance models. They are Florentine in style, rather than Palladian. Barry built a second palazzo on Pall Mall, The Reform Club, (1830s) as well as The Athenaeum, Manchester. Barry's other major essays in this style are the townhouse Bridgewater House, London, (1847–57) and the countryhouse Cliveden in Buckinghamshire, (1849–51).
After Charles Barry, the Palazzo style was adopted for different purposes, particularly banking. The Belfast Bank had its premises remodelled by Sir Charles Lanyon in 1845. No. 15 Kensington Palace Gardens (1854) by James Thomas Knowles freely adapts features of the palazzo.
1850s to 1900.
A major 19th-century architect to work extensively in the "Palazzo style" was Edmund Blacket. Blacket arrived in Sydney, Australia, just a few years before the discovery of gold in NSW and Victoria in 1851. Within the next decade he built the head premises of six different banking companies in Sydney, as well as branches in country towns. In Sydney, these rare examples of Blacket's early Palazzo style architecture, all constructed from the local yellow Sydney sandstone were "all demolished" in the period from 1965–80, to make way for taller buildings.
From the 1850s, a number of buildings were designed that expand the palazzo style with its rustications, rows of windows, and large cornice, over very long buildings such as Grosvenor Terrace in Glasgow (1855) by J. T. Rochead and Watts Warehouse (Britannia House), Manchester, (1856) by Travis and Magnall, a "virtuoso performance" in palazzo design. From the 1870s, many city buildings were designed to resemble Venetian rather than Florentine palazzi, and were more ornately decorated, often having arcaded loggia at street level, like James Barnet's General Post Office Building in Sydney, (1866 and 1880s). The Palazzo style was extremely popular in Manchester in the United Kingdom, particularly the work of Edward Walters whose finest Palazzo works include the Free Trade Hall (1853) and 38 and 42 Mosley Street (1862).
The palazzo style found wider application in the late 19th century when it was adapted for retail and commercial buildings. Henry Hobson Richardson designed a number of buildings using the palazzo form but remarkable for employing the Italian Romanesque rather than Renaissance style. The largest and best known of such works was Marshall Field's Wholesale Store in Chicago, (1885, demolished 1930) which, with its large windows set into arcades demonstrates the direction that commercial architecture was to take, in the replacement of structural outer walls with screen walls protecting an inner structural core. Only one of Richardson's palazzo style commercial buildings remains intact, the Hayden Building in Boston.
The American architect Louis Sullivan pioneered steel-frame construction, meaning that both the floors and outer walls of a building were supported by an internal steel frame, rather than the structure of the walls. This technological development permitted the construction of much taller habitable buildings than was previously possible. Sullivan's Prudential Building in Buffalo and the Wainwright Building in St. Louis demonstrate the application of the palazzo style to tall structures which maintain the Renaissance features of a cornice and differentiated basement but which have its cliff-like walls composed mainly of glass, the rows of windows separated by vertical bands which also define corners of the building, giving a similar effect to quoins.
Early 20th century.
Palazzo style architecture remained common for large department stores through the first half of the 20th century, sometimes being given Art Deco details. The architects Starrett and van Vleck built several typical examples such as Gimbel Brothers (now Heinz 57 Center Sixth Avenue) in Pittsburgh in 1914, as well as Garfinckel's (now Hamilton Square) in Washington, D.C. in 1929. The latter building is eight storeys high, and has a pronounced course which juts like a cornice above the third level, a device that gives the lower parts of the building a more traditional palazzo scale than the less decorated levels that rise above it. The 1924 flagship of Rich's, once one of Atlanta's main department stores, is another example of the Palazzo style.
The style was also applied to much taller buildings such as The Equitable Building (1915), designed by Ernest R. Graham, a 38-story office building in Lower Manhattan which is a landmark engineering achievement as a skyscraper.
The 1930s saw the construction of a number of government buildings in Berlin for the Third Reich, designed by Ernst Sagebiel in a stripped Palazzo style that maintains the basement and cornice but is almost devoid of decorative detail, relying for effect on the overall proportion and balance of the simple rectangular components. The Reich Aviation Ministry (now the Finance Ministry), built in 1935–36 is a notable example.
With the development of Moderne architecture the palazzo style became less common.
Post Modern revival.
Post-modern architecture has seen some revival in the Palazzo style, in greatly simplified and eclectic forms. The Italian architect Aldo Rossi has designed a number of Palazzo style buildings, including Hotel Il Palazzo in Fukuoka, Japan, (1989) which combines elements of a typical palazzo facade, including projecting cornice, with the intense red found in Japanese traditional architecture, and the green of patinated bronze. In 1996 Rossi designed a building complex on a large corner block in the Schützenquartier, Berlin, and previously occupied by a section of the Berlin Wall. Rossi's study of the architecture of the city led him to construct a single building with the appearance of multiple structures, of varying widths, designs and colours, many of which have elements of palazzo architecture.
Characteristics.
The characteristic appearance of a palazzo style building is that it draws on the appearance of an Italian palazzo or town house such as those found in Florence and along the Grand Canal in Venice. The style is usually Renaissance revival but may be Romanesque or, more rarely, Italian Gothic. 
The facade is cliff-like, without any large projecting portico or pediment. There are several storeys with regular rows of windows which are generally differentiated between levels, and sometimes have pediments that are alternately triangular and segmental. The facade is symmetrical and usually has some emphasis around its a centrally placed portal. The basement or ground floor is generally differentiated in the treatment of its masonry, and is often rusticated. The corners of early-19th-century examples generally have quoins or, in 20th-century buildings, there is often some emphasis that gives visual strength to the corners. Except in some Postmodern examples, there is always emphasis on the cornice which may be very large and overhang the street. All public faces of the building are treated in a similar manner, the main difference being in the decoration of doors.

</doc>
<doc id="31176601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176601" title="4 (Beyoncé album)">
4 (Beyoncé album)

4 is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Beyoncé, released on June 24, 2011 by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. Following a career hiatus that reignited her creativity, Beyoncé was inspired to create a record with a basis in traditional rhythm and blues that stood apart from contemporary popular music. Her collaborations with songwriters and record producers Terius "The-Dream" Nash, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart and Shea Taylor produced a mellower tone, developing diverse vocal styles and retro influences from funk, hip hop and soul.
Severing professional ties with father and manager Mathew Knowles, Beyoncé eschewed the music of her previous releases in favor of an intimate, personal album. "4"s lyrics emphasize monogamy, female empowerment and self-reflection, a result of Beyoncé considering a maturer message to contend artistic credibility. The album was praised by critics for its fusion of various genres and her strong vocal ability; many publications included it on their year-end lists.
In May 2011, Beyoncé submitted seventy-two songs to Columbia Records for consideration, twelve songs of which appeared on the standard edition. "4" was promoted in mid-2011 by television performances and festival appearances, such as Beyoncé's headlining Glastonbury Festival set. It was her fourth consecutive album to debut at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, and it also reached number one in Brazil, France, Ireland, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. "4" spawned the international singles "Run the World (Girls)", "Best Thing I Never Had", "Party", "Love on Top" and "Countdown". "Love on Top" won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance at the 55th annual ceremony. As of 2013, "4" has sold 3 million copies worldwide and, as of 2014, 1.39 million copies in the United States.
Development.
Following the release of her third album "I Am... Sasha Fierce" and a world tour, Beyoncé took a career hiatus in 2010 "to live life to be inspired by things again". During her hiatus, she "killed" Sasha Fierce, the alter-ego used in her previous album, as she felt she could now merge her two personalities. She severed professional ties with father and manager Mathew Knowles, who had guided her career since the 1990s with Destiny's Child, noting that the decision made her feel vulnerable.
In an interview for "Complex", Beyoncé expressed dissatisfaction with contemporary radio. She intended "4" to help change that status, commenting, "Figuring out a way to get R&B back on the radio is challenging ... With "4" I tried to mix R&B from the '70s and the '90s with rock 'n' roll and a lot of horns to create something new and exciting. I wanted musical changes, bridges, vibrata, live instrumentation and classic songwriting." On her website she wrote, "The album is definitely an evolution. It's bolder than the music on my previous albums because I'm bolder. The more mature I become and the more life experiences I have, the more I have to talk about. I really focused on songs being classics, songs that would last, songs that I could sing when I'm 40 and when I'm 60." Beyoncé also sought to make more artistic music, rather than purely commercially-oriented songs.
Although much of "4"s inspiration came from "touring, travelling, watching rock bands and attending festivals", the album's early musical direction was influenced by Nigerian Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti, whose passion for music motivated Beyoncé. She worked with the band from "Fela!", the Broadway musical based on Kuti's life. Jordan "DJ Swivel" Young, one of "4"s engineers, later described how Kuti's use of percussion and horns influenced the track "End of Time". She also found additional influences in Earth, Wind & Fire, The Stylistics, Lauryn Hill, Stevie Wonder, and Michael Jackson. She used hip hop for a "broader sound" and looked to bring soul singing back, stating, "I used a lot of the brassiness and grittiness in my voice that people hear in my live performances, but not necessarily on my records."
Recording.
Three months into her hiatus in March 2010, Beyoncé began recording in Jay-Z's Roc the Mic Studios, New York City. One song—"Party"—was recorded because she wanted to see what working relationship would develop with engineer DJ Swivel. Kanye West assisted the production of "Party" after Beyoncé was impressed by his work on "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" (2010). André 3000, the only featured artist on "4", contributed a rap verse to the song, which he recorded in Georgia, US.
Six weeks later, in May 2010, she asked Swivel to work on the entire project. Concerning his working relationship with Beyoncé, he commented, "There was no 'We're doing "this" today.' It was a very kind of open project, where whatever she felt like recording at that time was what we'd work on. It was based on how she felt, her mood, and also her listening to the demos that writers would give us." With Swivel, she experimented with horns, drums, guitars and percussion instruments. Mostly inspired by the "Fela!" sessions, Swivel began to formulate beats using their own recordings and those from "Fela!" The project was moved to KMA Studios for a week and a half because Roc the Mic was not large enough. There they began recording "I Care", "Best Thing I Never Had" and "Rather Die Young", and completed "Party". They recorded the songs "Schoolin' Life", "1+1" and "Start Over" at Jungle City Studios in New York.
MSR Studios was the final New York City-based studio used, and where most of "4" was recorded—only "Party and "I Was Here" were recorded entirely at other studios. At MSR, Beyoncé emphasized the use of live instruments on songs such as "I Care" and "End of Time". Consequently, most of the instruments, including drums, keyboards, guitar and bass work, were recorded there and performed by Jeff Bhasker and Shea Taylor. Beyoncé asked Frank Ocean to write and record "I Miss You" at MSR, saying to "Complex", "[Jay-Z] had a CD playing in the car one Sunday when we were driving to Brooklyn. I noticed his tone, his arrangements, and his storytelling. I immediately reached out to him—literally the next morning. I asked him to fly to New York and work on my record."
After listening to each song, Beyoncé would often request the addition of specific instruments, leaving her production team to make the sounds cohesive. Her vocals were recorded through an Avalon Design 737 preamp and compressed in an 1176 Peak Limiter with a 4:1 ratio. After recording the lead vocals for a track, Swivel cut them in different ways and he and Beyoncé picked the best, then recording the backing vocals. Beyoncé composed her own vocal arrangements and harmonies for each song. Her microphones were carefully placed to achieve a blend of sounds with a clear quality. Swivel spoke of her work ethic in an interview for "Sound on Sound":
After the move to MSR, Beyoncé and her production team began travelling. In the United Kingdom, they worked at Peter Gabriel's Real World Studios in Wiltshire—particularly using Gabriel's multi-instrument room—to create "Love on Top". Soon after, Beyoncé joined Jay-Z in a Sydney mansion, as he was working on his collaboration album "Watch the Throne" (2011) with Kanye West. There they created a "primitive studio" using a microphone, a rig out and Pro Tools software to record. Sessions were also held in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Atlanta and Honolulu.
In February 2011, MTV reported the project was nearing completion. "4" was mixed mostly at MixStar Studios in Virginia and mastered at Sterling Sound in New York City. The audio mastering was delayed by a week following the unexpected recording of "I Was Here". Diane Warren had played the song to Jay-Z during a telephone conversation, leading him to put Warren and Beyoncé in contact. In May 2011, Beyoncé submitted seventy-two songs in preparation for the album's release. According to Swivel, an eclectic range of songs were recorded, including ballads, "weird ethereal things" and 1990's R&B and Afrobeat-inspired songs. Columbia Records were reportedly overwhelmed with the "sheer volume of material she presented to them".
Composition.
The final cut of "4" comprises twelve tracks on the standard edition and eighteen on the deluxe edition—three of which are remixes of "Run the World (Girls)". Critics viewed "4" as a major departure from Beyoncé's previous catalogue, with a distinctive mellower sound. The album consists mostly of mid-tempo R&B songs, with 1970s funk, 1980s pop and 1990s soul retro influences. The second half was more eclectic, exploring a variety of genres including hard rock, reggae and adult contemporary. "The Guardian" complimented the album's divergence from the "layering Euro-synths on pop-step woomphs" that characterize the music of Beyoncé's contemporaries.
The balladry of the first half of "4" combines diverse vocal styles with the use of live instrumentation. "1+1" demonstrates Beyoncé's vocal-flexing over "magnificent guitar bombast" and a soft backing beat, while "Start Over", a mid tempo R&B ballad, uses a futuristic beat with electric elements and synthesizers. "I Miss You", with its "layers of atmospheric keyboards", ambient synthesizers and tinny 808 drums was sung in a half-whisper to exhibit intense emotion. "I Was Here", an understated pop-R&B ballad with indie rock inflections. primarily concerns self-reflection with dramatic vocals.
On other songs, Beyoncé explores womanhood. "Best Thing I Never Had", "4"s fourth track, was described as a moment of self-realization and a "female call to arms". With vocals that allude to a "wounded bird turned resilient lioness", the song is built on a "winkly piano riff and beefy bass drums". "Dance for You" conveys a more sexual tone through breathy vocals and blaring electric guitars. It forgoes her typical empowerment themes in favor of sensual imagery and comfort with one's partner. "Run the World (Girls)", a female empowerment anthem reminiscent of Beyoncé's more contemporary work on "I Am... Sasha Fierce", uses an energetic sample of Major Lazer's "Pon de Floor". The song incorporates "layered melodics", most prominently a military marching drumbeat, while Beyoncé's near-chanted delivery encompasses her full vocal range.
The tracks "Countdown" and "End of Time" were distinguished by their musical and lyrical experimentalism. "Countdown" was described as "everywhere on the genre map", although predominantly dancehall-led with a "bristling brass arrangement". Its chorus describes a relationship by counting backwards from ten, using a sample from Boyz II Men's "Uhh Ahh". "End of Time"s pulsating, brass sound—reminiscent of a marching-band—was heavily influenced by Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti. Kuti's use of horns and percussion instruments was recreated and combined with elements of electronic music and synthesizers. "Lay Up Under Me" is also built on retro horns, featuring upbeat vocals, a sound Ryan Dombal of Pitchfork associated with Michael Jackson's 1979 album "Off the Wall".
Other tracks were noted for their retro stylization. "Rather Die Young" is a throwback to 1960s doo-wop and Philadelphia soul, with a slow tempo and modern drums. "Party" achieves a vintage aesthetic through minimalistic production, replete with heavy synthesizers and a 1980s smooth-funk groove. The song is unique for its conversation-like structure, in which Beyoncé and guest-vocalist André 3000 sing verses that allude to socialization at parties. Elements of Prince's style was found on "Schoolin' Life" and "I Care". "Schoolin' Life" is an uptempo funk song, with lyrics that advise the listener to live life to the fullest while cautioning them about the consequences of excess. The chorus of "I Care" was compared to "Purple Rain", with themes of sadness and resentment, the song uses soft background vocals and dense percussion. "Love on Top" was noted for its energetic key changes with a joyful tone, evoking the work of Michael and Janet Jackson. Its retro sound is marked by a melding of horns as well as sweet backing harmonies that are most prominent on its bridge and chorus.
Release and artwork.
"4"s release date in the United States was confirmed on May 18, 2011 to be June 28, 2011. On June 7, the album leaked onto the Internet in full; Beyoncé's legal representatives issued warnings to infringing websites and leaked tracks were soon removed from such sites. On June 9, Beyoncé responded to the leak through Facebook, commenting, "My music was leaked and while this is not how I wanted to present my new songs, I appreciate the positive response from my fans. When I record music I always think about my fans singing every note and dancing to every beat. I make music to make people happy and I appreciate that everyone has been so anxious to hear my new songs." Following the leak, reports circulated that Columbia Records executives hoped to cover their assets in fear that the album may be a commercial failure. Rumors had suggested that the label requested from Beyoncé to make changes to the record and reunite Destiny's Child, claims Columbia denied. In August 2013, "NME" reported that Sony Music were suing a forty-seven year-old man from Gothenburg for US$233,000 concerning the leak of "4". The deluxe version was released simultaneously with the standard edition in several countries. In the United States, it was available exclusively through Target stores.
In an interview for "Billboard", Beyoncé stated that despite having another concept for the album, she was ultimately influenced by her fans to name the album "4". She described the number four as being "special" to her, as her and Jay-Z's birthday, several other family and friends' birthdays, and her wedding anniversary fall on the fourth day of the month. The cover of the standard edition was revealed on Beyoncé's website on May 18, 2011. Shot on the rooftop of the Hôtel Meurice in Paris, Beyoncé is looking into the distance with her arms raised over her head, wearing smokey eye makeup, thick gold cuffs and a fox-fur stole by cult French designer Alexandre Vauthier, embellished with Swarovski crystals by the Lesage embroidery house. The cover of the deluxe version was shown on June 16, where Beyoncé is dressed in a tight-fitting blue-purple dress by French designer Maxime Simoens, holding her hands in her hair. For its artwork, she opted for clothing made by lesser-known designers. The promotional and interior-package images for "4" were shot at the same time.
Promotion.
Beyoncé made several appearances on television and in live shows to promote "4". She performed "Run the World (Girls)" for the first time on May 17, 2011, on "Surprise Oprah! A Farewell Spectacular" at the United Center in Chicago. She also performed the song at the 2011 "Billboard" Music Awards. On May 25, "1+1" was made available for download through the iTunes Store in the United States. The same day, "1+1" was performed at the "American Idol" final; she introduced it as her favorite song. In June, she performed at the Palais Nikaia in Nice, Zénith in Lille, and the Galaxie in Amnéville. On June 26, Beyoncé was the closing act at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival in the United Kingdom. She was the first solo female artist to headline the Pyramid stage at the Glastonbury Festival in more than twenty years. A pre-taped performance of "Best Thing I Never Had" and "End of Time" at the Glastonbury Festival was broadcast during the 2011 BET Awards. The following day, Beyoncé's exclusive hour-long interview with Piers Morgan in London was broadcast on "Piers Morgan Tonight". She also appeared on the finale of France's "The X Factor" to perform "Run the World" and "Best Thing I Never Had". An MTV television special, "Beyoncé: Year of 4", premiered on June 30, documenting Beyoncé's life during "4"s production.
On July 1, Beyoncé appeared on "Good Morning America" as part of its "Summer Concert Series" in New York City. She also projected images from "4" on a number of London's landmarks, including Madame Tussauds and Battersea Power Station. She then traveled to Scotland to perform at the T in the Park Festival on July 10, 2011. The next day, she performed at the Oxegen Festival in Ireland. On July 28, 2011, Beyoncé performed "1+1" and "Best Thing I Never Had" on "The View;" the latter was also performed on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" the same day. From August 16–19, Beyoncé held the 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé concerts at the Roseland Ballroom to a standing room only audience. Subsequently, the "" DVD was released in November. "Love on Top" was sung at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards on August 28, Beyoncé finished the performance by unbuttoning her blazer and rubbing her stomach to confirm her pregnancy. A live performance of "Countdown" recorded in July was broadcast on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" in November.
Singles.
"4" was Beyoncé' first album that yielded no number one singles in the United States, as no song from "4" reached the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Run the World (Girls)" was released internationally as the lead single from "4" on April 21, 2011. It reached number twenty-nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number eleven on the UK Singles Chart. "Best Thing I Never Had" followed on June 1, 2011. It fared much better on national charts, reaching number sixteen in the United States, number five in New Zealand and number three in the United Kingdom. 
"Party" was released as an urban contemporary single in the US on August 30, 2011; its remix, featuring J. Cole, was released in the United States, Canada and some European countries on October 24, 2011. "Love on Top" was released in Australia as a contemporary hit radio single in September 2011; it was released in Italy, Belgium and the United States later. It topped the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for seven consecutive weeks. "Countdown" was released in the United States and parts of Europe, beginning October 4, 2011. "I Care" was released in Italy only on March 23, 2012, while "End of Time" was released in the UK only on April 23, 2012.
Critical reception.
"4" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 73 based on 36 reviews. Michael Cragg of "The Observer" called it Beyoncé's "most accomplished album yet". Slant Magazine's Eric Henderson said that "4" succeeds vocally as an album of mostly intimate and slow-tempo ballads. Mikael Wood of "Spin" magazine applauded its ballads, mid-tempo songs, and evocations of late 1970s and early 1980s pop-soul. In his review for "Rolling Stone", Jody Rosen wrote that Beyoncé eschews contemporary production styles for a more personal and idiosyncratic album. Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" viewed it as a good showcase for a torch singer and said that Beyoncé convincingly sings about heartbreak and the strong emotional effect of love. Pitchfork Media's Ryan Dombal found it easygoing, retro-informed, and engaging because it shows "one of the world's biggest stars exploring her talent in ways few could've predicted". AllMusic's Andy Kellman said that the quality of the songs and Beyoncé's singing compensate for the album's assorted arrangement. "Uncut" viewed it is an exceptional album in spite of occasionally trite lyrics.
In a less enthusiastic review, Adam Markovitz of "Entertainment Weekly" felt that its first-half is marred by boring ballads and that "4"s material is not on-par with Beyoncé's vocal talent. In his review for "The Guardian", Alexis Petridis was ambivalent towards the album's 1980s influence and felt that, despite well written songs, it is not very consequential. "Time" magazine's Claire Suddath wrote that the songs lack lyrical substance, even though they are performed well. Greg Kot, writing in the "Chicago Tribune", said that the album sounds inconsistent, short, and unfinished. "NME" magazine's Hamish MacBain believed that Beyoncé does not progress from her past work and that "even the OK bits here" sound "uninspired".
Accolades.
"4" was included on various publication's year-end lists. It was ranked as the best album of the year by "The New Yorker", and came in the runner-up spot on lists produced by "Spin" and Amazon. The album was ranked within the top 10 by MSN, where it came in at number three, "The Guardian" and MTV, which placed it at number four, and the "Chicago Sun Times", which placed it at number six. The BBC ranked it at number seven, while "The New York Times" listed it as the 10th best album of the year. The album had strong showings on other lists, where it was placed number 13 by Consequence of Sound, number 18 by Stereogum, number 25 by "Rolling Stone", and number 27 by Pitchfork. "4" was included in NPR's Top 50 Favorite Albums of 2011, and was ranked at number 26 in the Pazz & Jop's critics poll. It was listed at 37 on "Rolling Stone"s Women Who Rock: 50 Greatest Albums of All Time.
"4" won R&B Album of the Year at the 2012 "Billboard" Music Awards and received nominations at the 2011 American Music Awards, the 2011 Soul Train Music Awards, the 38th People's Choice Awards, the 43rd NAACP Image Awards and the 2012 Grammis. At the 55th Annual Grammy Awards, "Love on Top" won the Best Traditional R&B Performance Award.
Commercial performance.
On its first day of release, "4" sold around 32,000 copies in the United Kingdom. According to the Official Charts Company data, this was more than the combined sales of its three nearest challengers: Adele's "19" (2008) and "21" (2011) and Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" (2011). After a week of sales, "4" debuted atop the UK Albums Chart on July 4, 2011, with first-week sales of 89,211 copies, staying there for a second week with sales of 44,929 copies. As of May 2013, "4" has sold 603,548 copies in the UK. "4" opened at number two on the Australian ARIA Albums chart, giving Beyoncé her highest chart debut there. "4" debuted at number three on the Canadian Albums Chart, selling 8,700 copies in its first week. It debuted at number one in France, selling 12,393 copies in its first week. According to the Japanese music charting site Oricon, the album debuted at number ten, selling 18,984 copies for the week ending July 11, 2011.
In the United States, "4" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200, with first-week sales of 310,000 copies. This gave Beyoncé her fourth consecutive solo debut at the top of the chart, making her the second female artist and third artist overall to have her first four studio albums debut atop the "Billboard" 200. "4"s first-week sales became Beyoncé's lowest sales start with a studio album to date. Keith Caulfield of "Billboard" magazine noted that the album was not released during the festive season and that Beyoncé was so far lacking a hit single, which could help explain the album's softer entry. It marks the third-largest sales week of the year, after the number one bows of Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" and Adele's "21"." "4" became the ninth numerically titled album to top the chart since 1956. In its second week, the album remained at number one on the "Billboard" 200, despite a 63% sales decrease, selling 115,000 copies. It hence became the first album by Beyoncé to top the "Billboard" 200 albums chart for more than one week; an effort succeeded by her fifth album "Beyoncé" (2013) that remained there for three weeks. On August 1, 2011, the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), having shipped 1 million copies to retail stores. As of May 2013, "4" has sold 3 million copies worldwide and, as of January 2014, 1.39 million copies in the United States.
Personnel.
The following people are credited on the album:
Managerial
Performance credits
Visuals and imagery
Instruments
Technical and production

</doc>
<doc id="31176602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176602" title="List of rugby league competitions">
List of rugby league competitions

The following is a list of notable rugby league competitions that are still currently in existence. This includes both international tournaments played by national Test teams and also domestic club and provincial competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31176613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176613" title="James N. Huston">
James N. Huston

James Nelson Huston (1849 – 1927) was a United States banker, businessman, and politician who served as Treasurer of the United States from 1889 to 1891.
Biography.
James N. Huston was born in Greencastle, Pennsylvania in 1849, the son of William Huston (1801–1875) and his wife, Isabella E. (Duncan) Huston. In 1851, his father settled in Connersville, Indiana and in 1870 was one of the co-founders of a local bank known as the Citizens' Bank. William Huston amassed a large fortune that he left to James at his death on January 5, 1875. He became the owner of the Citizens Bank at that time. He would later get into a number of businesses, including coffins, milling, silver plating, buggies, hosiery, and gas.
A Republican, Huston was elected to the Connersville City Council in 1876, and was re-elected in 1878. In 1880, he was elected to the Indiana House of Representatives. In 1882, he was elected to the Indiana Senate, representing Fayette County, Rush County, and Union County. He was chairman of the Indiana Republican Party during the 1884 U.S. presidential election and the 1888 U.S. presidential election.
In 1889, President of the United States Benjamin Harrison nominated Huston to be Treasurer of the United States and Huston subsequently held that office from May 11, 1889 until April 24, 1891. 
After leaving office, Huston later became president of the National Trust Company. On January 3, 1910, Huston and two associates were indicted in Washington, D.C. for mail fraud. He was convicted on December 14, 1910.
Huston died in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="31176629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176629" title="Cane Creek Cascades">
Cane Creek Cascades

Cane Creek Cascades, is a cascade located along Cane Creek, just above Cane Creek Falls. The falls are located near Spencer, Tennessee in Fall Creek Falls State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31176633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176633" title="Duna">
Duna

Duna is the Hungarian name for the Danube River.
Other places with the name Duna include:
Duna may also refer to:
People with the given name or surname Duna include:

</doc>
<doc id="31176657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176657" title="Bastian, Virginia">
Bastian, Virginia

Bastian is an unincorporated community in Bland County, Virginia, United States. Bastian is north-northwest of Bland. Bastian has a post office with ZIP code 24314.
History.
The small Appalachian town of Bastian, Virginia was first settled between the years of 1905 and 1908. Bastian was originally named "Parkersburg" after Parker Hornbarger, who along with Jack Hager owned most of the land the town was built upon. Much of this land was later owned by both James Starks and Eli Leedy. The name "Bastian" came from the manager of Bland County's only railroad, F.E. Bastian. The children of Bastian attended a one room schoolhouse until 1923 when a larger school was built. Schools located near Hunting Camp Creek accommodated local students until then. With the arrival of the Virginia Hardwood Lumber Company in 1927, Bastian's population greatly increased. This increase made additional classrooms a necessity. Several small schools were built during this time. It was not until 1955, however, that the modern brick Bastian Elementary school building was built at the cost of $112,215.79. This building now serves as the Bland County Schoolboard Office.
Bastian has been home to many business and industries over the years. The W.F. White Lumber Company, the G.W. Miller Mining Planing Mill, the Canva Mining Company (manganese), and the C&A Lumber Company have all operated in the town. The Virginia Hardwood Lumber Company operated a large double-band sawmill in Bastian from 1927 to 1944, employing 350 workers at their peak production. Today General Injectables and Vaccines, a wholesale pharmaceuticals company, is one of the major employers. In the 1930s, Bastian was home to one of the most distinguished CCC camps of the New Deal, and thousands of young men passed through its doors.
As the lumber industry grew, new methods of transporting the materials were needed. In 1912, the New River, Holston, and Western Railroad company built a new railroad to Rocky Gap, Virginia. In 1914, W.E. Mingea Jr. of Abingdon, Virginia, who owned all the big survey in Bland County, decided to build the railroad from Bastian to Suiter. This new rail line ran from Narrows, Virginia, up through the communities of Niday, Round Bottom, and Rocky Gap. It continued from there to Hicksville, Bastian, and Suiter. This train served many purposes, including transporting passengers, until it was discontinued in 1946.
In the early 1930s, Bastian became the first town in Bland County to use electricity. They received it from the generator of the Virginia Hardwood Lumber Co. Their massive generator produced enough electricity to run both the company and the town.
By the mid-1940s the CCC camp, Virginia Hardwood Lumber Company, and the railroad had all closed down.
In the early 1970s, Interstate 77 was constructed with its path lying just east of Bastian.

</doc>
<doc id="31176681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176681" title="Lázaro Venturine DeOliveira">
Lázaro Venturine DeOliveira

Lázaro Venturine DeOliveira (born 25 November 1990 in Minas Gerais), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Vilavelhense FC. He also holds Italian citizenship, which makes him eligible as an EU player. He made his first appearance playing in Brazil in 2008, 6 months after he received a scholarship from Brescia University and moved to USA.
Club career.
Esporte Clube Tupy (Brazil) / Brescia University (USA).
In 2005, when Lazaro was fifteen he joined EC Tupy, where he stayed for 3 years playing for the U15 to U20 team, and at the age of 17 he joined the professional squad. After playing 8 games with the EC Tupy pro squad he decided to try to play College Football in USA.
He went to a football showcase for college sports hosted in Florida, where he played 6 games in Miami and Daytona Beach. After the showcase was over, he received a scholarship from Lindenwood University, Brescia University, Missouri Valley College, Hannibal Lagrange College and 9 other colleges. He decided to go to Brescia University in Kentucky, and in August 2008 Lazaro joined the university's soccer team, the Brescia Bearcats and moved to the United States of America.
Angel City FC (USA).
In 2009 Lazaro moved to Los Angeles, California, and in August he met Ben Kull, the manager of a local team called Angel City FC. He stayed with ACFC for 15 months. During that time he also played for teams like Hollywood United Hitmen and Los Angeles Bolts. Recovering from a knee injury, Lazaro had a hard time finding his way into the professional leagues in USA. In the end of 2009 he played for the Los Angeles Bolts, known today as Anaheim Bolts, in a tournament in San Diego, hosted at the San Diego Sockers stadium.
Returning to ACFC, Lazaro played in tournaments like the Santa Monica Soccer League and ACSL. In June 2010 he went to San Diego with ACFC for the Kick for the Cure tournament, and the team came in second place after losing the final on penalty kicks. in November 2010, Lazaro said goodbye to ACFC and returned to Brazil.
FC Assyriska / FC Södra Ryd (Sweden).
On his way to receive a European Passport and becoming an EU player, Lazaro went to Sweden to try out for a few teams. He played for FC Assyriska in Orebro and then moved to Skövde to play for FC Södra Ryd where he remained until the end of 2012.
Nomme Kalju (Estonia) (Finland).
In the Beginning of 2012 Lazaro went to Italy to receive his Italian Passport, having the document in hands, he headed to Estonia where he met the Brazilian coach Getulio Fredo, coach of Nomme Kalju, with an unhealed growing injure he play a few games with Kalju before going to Finland with the Football agent and former Finland's major league player Kiko Balestrin. 
In Finland he started his treatment to heal his injury, while still there, he also trained with teams like Atlantis FC and EIF Ekenäs.
Vilavelhense FC (Brazil).
Having recovered from his injured, Lazaro couldn't go back in time because the transfer window was already closed. He started training with VilaVelhense FC when he caught the attention of the Head Coach Zinho, after a few days of training, he signed a 6 months contract with the Brazilian team.
References.
http://www.boltsoccer.com/
http://angelcityfc.blogspot.com/2010/03/acfc-7s-drop-two.html 
http://angelcityfc.blogspot.com/2009/08/acfc-tops-7s-santago-division-with-5-2.html
http://www.angelcityfc.com/fixtures09.asp
http://www.ectupy.com.br/
http://www.brescia.edu/athletics/mens_soccer/
http://www.assyriska.se/article.php?ar=2697
http://www.laget.se/FCASSYRISKA/
http://www.fcsodraryd.se/
http://www.vilavelhense.com.br/
http://sport.err.ee/jalgpall/3ec3eada-4701-429b-9ef7-ad85a0cad76d

</doc>
<doc id="31176686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176686" title="Don River Bridge, Bowen">
Don River Bridge, Bowen

The Don River Bridge is a road bridge over the Don River on the Bruce Highway near Bowen, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31176694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176694" title="Ceres, Virginia">
Ceres, Virginia

Ceres is an unincorporated community in Bland County, Virginia, United States. Ceres is located on Virginia State Route 42 west-southwest of Bland. Ceres has a post office with ZIP code 24318.
Climate.
The climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year round. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Ceres has a marine west coast climate, abbreviated "Cfb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="31176697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176697" title="After Hours (Jeanne Lee and Mal Waldron album)">
After Hours (Jeanne Lee and Mal Waldron album)

After Hours is an album by jazz singer Jeanne Lee and pianist Mal Waldron, recorded in 1994 and released on the Owl label.
Reception.
The "Allmusic" review by Scott Yanow stated that "Waldron's accompaniment is typically rhythmic, creatively repetitive, brooding and personal. However it is Lee's haunting and highly expressive voice that really sticks in one's memory". "The Penguin Guide to Jazz" described the album as "a standards session on which Lee does little more than sing the songs", and gave it three stars out of four.

</doc>
<doc id="31176700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176700" title="In the Driver's Seat">
In the Driver's Seat

"In the Driver's Seat" is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Aaron Pritchett. It was released on November 9, 2010 by Decibel Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31176708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176708" title="William Watts Sherman">
William Watts Sherman

William Watts Sherman (1842 - January 22, 1912) was a New York City businessman and the treasurer of the Newport Casino. In 1875-1876 he had the William Watts Sherman House constructed in Newport, Rhode Island.
Biography.
He was born in 1842 in Albany, New York to Watts Sherman (c. 1820-1865) and Sarah Maria Gibson.
In 1875 to 1876 he built the William Watts Sherman House in Newport, RI, which is a National Historic Landmark due to its architectural significance.
Sherman belonged to several patriotic and hereditary societies. In 1905 he was admitted as an honorary member of the Rhode Island Society of the Cincinnati. He was also a charter member of the Rhode Island Society of the Sons of the Revolution in 1896 (membership number 1) as well as a charter member of the Rhode Island Society of Colonial Wars in 1897. He was also a member of the Saint Nicholas Society of the City of New York.
Sherman was a member of several social clubs including the Metropolitan Club, Knickerbocker Club, Century Club, City Club, and the National Arts Club.
He died on January 22, 1912, at his home at 838 Fifth Avenue. He was buried in the Island Cemetery in Newport, Rhode Island.
Personal life.
In 1871 he married Annie Derby Rogers Wetmore. They had two daughters, Georgette and Sybil. Annie died of pneumonia in 1884.
In 1885 he married Sophia Augusta Brown, daughter of John Carter Brown II and granddaughter of Nicholas Brown, Jr. - the namesake of Brown University. They had two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="31176709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176709" title="Red Hat Cell Block">
Red Hat Cell Block

The Red Hat Cell Block is a former prison housing unit of the Louisiana State Penitentiary in West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana.
After a 1933 escape attempt, prison authorities constructed a new prisoner cell block, a one-story, 30 cell building at Camp E. That cell block, which became the most restrictive inmate housing unit in Angola, was colloquially referred to as "Red Hat," after the red paint-coated straw hats that its occupants wore when they worked in the fields.
After a federal court ordered Louisiana prison authorities to enact reforms at Angola, Warden C. Murray Henderson phased out "Red Hat," and in 1972 Elayn Hunt had "Red Hat" officially closed. Red Hat became a dog kennel. In 1977 Camp J took "Red Hat"'s role as the most restrictive housing unit in Angola. On February 20, 2003, the National Park Service listed the Red Hat Cell Block on the National Register of Historic Places as #03000041.
Composition.
Red Hat had thirty prison cells. Each cell measured by ; a solid steel door was the point of entry and egress. Each cell had a window near the cell's roof for ventilation; prison guards controlled a steel flap located at each cell window. Each cell housed an iron bunk without a mattress. To urinate and defecate, prisoners used a steel bucket that was emptied every morning. Four guard towers were in proximity to Red Hat; guards in those towers had orders to "shoot to kill."
Inmate life.
Brooke Shelby Biggs of "Mother Jones" said that men who had lived in "Red Hat" "told of a dungeon crawling with rats, where dinner was served in stinking buckets splashed onto the floors." The food consumed by Red Hat prisoners was leftovers from the cafeteria serving the rest of Camp E. The leftovers were placed in wheelbarrows and given to the Red Hat prisoners. Some prisoners were not wearing clothes while confined to their cells.

</doc>
<doc id="31176733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176733" title="KBMI">
KBMI

KBMI could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31176749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176749" title="1951–52 Boston Celtics season">
1951–52 Boston Celtics season

The 1951–52 Boston Celtics season was the sixth season of the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Roster.
<noinclude>
Playoffs.
East Division Semifinals.
(2) Boston Celtics vs. (3) New York Knicks: "Knicks win series 2-1"

</doc>
<doc id="31176759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176759" title="Jabalpur–Amravati Express">
Jabalpur–Amravati Express

The Jabalpur - Amravati Express (Hindi: एक्सप्रेस, Urdu :‏ ایکسپریس) is a Mail/Express Train of Indian Railways, which runs between Jabalpur Junction railway station of Jabalpur, the major tourist city of Central Indian state, Madhya Pradesh and Amravati railway station of Maharashtra, India. The train is India's 10th ISO Certified train.
Route and halts.
The train goes via. Itarsi Junction & Nagpur Junction. The important halts of the train are:
Coach composite.
The train consists of 24 Coaches :
Average speed and frequency.
The train runs with an average speed of 63 km/h The train runs on daily basis from both the sites.
Loco link.
The train is hauled by ET WDM 3D Diesel engine from jabalpur to itarsi & ET WAM-4 Electric engine from itarsi to amravati.
Rake maintenance.
The train is maintained by the Jabalpur Coaching Depot. and Nagpur Coaching Depot. respectively.
Stoppage.
This Train Need A Stoppage on Ghoradongri Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="31176793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176793" title="Robert Andrews (clergyman)">
Robert Andrews (clergyman)

Robert Andrews (1748 – 1804) was a Colonial/American clergyman, professor and Virginia politician.
Early life.
Birth and family history.
Son of Moses Andrews and Letitia Cooke, Robert Andrews was the great-grandson of John Andrews, who emigrated to Province of Maryland from the County of Rutland, England in 1654. He was born in the colony of Pennsylvania. He had four brothers, Moses Andrews, Rev. John Andrews, James Andrews and Polydore Andrews.
Education and ordination.
Andrews graduated with an A.B. degree from the College of Philadelphia in 1768 and in 1772 went to London for ordination.
Career.
As tutor.
Andrews was a tutor for several years in the family of Mann Page, of Rosewell, Virginia.
As clergyman.
He was one of the thirteen men, including only a handful of clergymen, to sign the agreement drawn up by eighty-nine former members of the House of Burgesses on May 27, 1774, recommending a general congress and a non-importation association.
As professor.
In December 1777 he was appointed Professor of Moral Philosophy at William and Mary College. When the college was reorganized in 1779, the Law of Nature and Nations and the Fine Arts were added to his teaching portfolio. He is considered the first college professor in the nation to have fine arts included in his professorship. He was also distinguished for his mathematical talents. In 1784 he was transferred to the mathematical professorship and retained his position as professor up to 1789.
Militia involvement.
He became chaplain to the Virginia militia in 1777, serving until 1780. In 1781 he was private secretary to Governor Thomas Nelson, Jr.
As public official.
Town.
Andrews was elected to the Williamsburg, Virginia Committee of Safety in 1779, and soon afterward, an alderman.
State.
Andrews was a delegate for James City County to the Virginia Ratifying Convention of 1788, which approved the United States Constitution. He represented Williamsburg in the Virginia House of Delegates 1790–1798. In 1798, he voted against the Virginia Resolution opposing the federal Alien and Sedition Acts.
U.S. government.
He served with the Reverend James Madison (cousin to the fourth U.S. president) on the commission that established the final border between Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Marriage and family.
He married, first, Elizabeth Ballard, and second, Mary Blair.

</doc>
<doc id="31176798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176798" title="W. Gordon Brown">
W. Gordon Brown

William Gordon Brown (b. January 21, 1904 in Delhi, Ontario – d. July 16, 1979 while touring in Oxford, England) was notable as the founder of Central Baptist Seminary, the leading Canadian training school for evangelical Baptist ministers from 1949 to 1993 when it merged with London Baptist Seminary to form Heritage Theological Seminary. 
Background.
Known as W. Gordon Brown, he was born into the home of the Baptist minister, Rev. William J. Hay Brown and Elizabeth Greenwood Moore. His maternal grandfather was also a Baptist minister, James Beach Moore. He was the great-great-grandson of Samuel Moore, a leader in the Quaker movement, and a direct descendant of Samuel Moore, an official in the American colony of East Jersey in the 1670s. His maternal uncle was William Henry Moore, Member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1930 to 1945.
His childhood home moved according to his father’s changes of pulpits from their ancestral village of Brownsville, to Brantford to Hamilton to West Toronto, Ontario. He was ordained into the Baptist ministry in 1924. 
His first administrative post in a seminary was Dean of Toronto Baptist Seminary and Bible College, the school that had been started in 1927 by Baptist Fundamentalist T.T. Shields after a Modernist professor had been hired at McMaster Divinity College. This post lasted until 1948 when he was dismissed by Shields for expressing more moderate positions, however it was perhaps the actions of a radical and no longer biblically-grounded Shields who often left rationality for fanaticism.
In 1949, Brown took 50 students and some faculty members from Toronto Baptist Seminary to start the Canadian Baptist Seminary (later Central Baptist Seminary). They had the blessing of the Bible Baptist Union. Central Baptist Seminary would become the conservative Baptist seminary of choice in Ontario until it merged with London Baptist Bible College and Seminary to form Heritage Baptist College and Heritage Theological Seminary in 1993.
While Dean of Central Baptist Seminary, Brown also served as pastor of Runnymede Baptist Church in Toronto for 25 years. After that post, he served as an associate pastor of Forward Baptist Church, also in Toronto. 
In all, Brown served his denomination for over 50 years. At his 50th anniversary celebration in 1974, over 100 telegrams and letters arrived from all over Canada. More than 500 people attended the service. “The general secretary of the Fellowship Evangelical Baptist Churches, Dr. J. M. Watt, presented Dr. Brown with an illuminated citation. The citation appropriately recognized his abilities and contributions as a scholar of the Scriptures, as an administrator of and a professor in theological institutions; as a leader in the Baptist cause; as a pastor with a warm love for souls; as a Christian gentleman who loves and lives Christ.”
His peers in the The Evangelical Theology Society commented on his passing by noting that "thousands of workers in mission fields in far-off continents and in flourishing centers in Canada received their best inspiration and preparation for service from him. What they received from him was not building material fragile and flimsy but material of stone and iron to construct temples for the soul."
Even though Brown was a third generation Baptist preacher, and a notable leader in a conservative branch of that denomination, his brother L. Douglas Brown served as an assistant priest at St.George's Anglican Church in Guelph, Ontario, and eventually converted to Roman Catholicism and was ordained in 1949 as a Roman Catholic priest. He pre-deceased W. Gordon in 1964 while serving in St. Stephen’s parish in Cayuga, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="31176802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176802" title="KSAH">
KSAH

KSAH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31176807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176807" title="Christmas at the Grand">
Christmas at the Grand

Christmas at the Grand is the first Christmas album by Canadian country music artist Jason McCoy. It was released by EMI on November 2, 2010. The album was recorded live at The Grand in Calgary and concert footage was turned into a TV special that aired on CMT.

</doc>
<doc id="31176811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176811" title="Black Element Software">
Black Element Software

Black Element Software was a computer and console game developer based in Prague, Czech Republic.
Black Element Software was a member of IDEA Games, who functions as a publisher and consultant for several independent developers It is one of the development studios owned by Bohemia Interactive Studio. Former Black Element Software works now as a subsidiary of Bohemia Interactive Studio.
Acquisition.
On 30 September 2010, Black Element Software was acquired by fellow IDEA Games member Bohemia Interactive. Despite this acquisition, Bohemia Interactive promises that the acquired companies, including Black Element Software, will continue to operate individually. Since acquisition Black Element Software has been credited as a subsidiary of Bohemia Interactive Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="31176821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176821" title="Dicks (surname)">
Dicks (surname)

Dicks is a surname of the English West Midlands, Scotland, and Wales. It ranks 6,404 in frequency in the United States, out of 88,799.
Some notable individuals with the surname Dicks include:

</doc>
<doc id="31176838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176838" title="Joyce Evans (photographer)">
Joyce Evans (photographer)

Joyce Olga Evans, B.A., Dip. Soc. Stud., (born 1929, Elsternwick, Australia; lives and works in Toorak, Victoria), Australian photographer, artist, gallery director, curator, art collector, and lecturer.
Church Street Photographic Centre.
Joyce Evans is well known in Australian photography. In 1976 Evans opened Church Street Photographic Centre, a specialist photography gallery and bookshop in Church Street, Richmond, Victoria, Vic. It was the first commercial photographic gallery in Melbourne to showcase Australian and International 19th and 20th Century photography.
Within a short period of time, it became one of Australia’s most innovative commercial galleries with an international reputation. Joyce Evans exhibited works by such renowned photographers as Berenice Abbott, Eugène Atget, Julia Margaret Cameron, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Max Dupain, Rennie Ellis, Bill Henson, Fiona Hall, Frank Hurley, André Kertész, David Moore, Arnold Newman, Alfred Stieglitz, Paul Strand, Brett Weston, and numerous others.
The gallery’s bookshop stocked an extensive range of local and international books on photography and latest specialist photographic periodicals. It became a source of knowledge for Melburnian photographers and photographic artists, and major supplier of books and magazines to Melbourne’s schools, colleges and tertiary institutions. In 1980 her inventory of books and magazines became a foundation for another renowned Melbourne institution, The Printed Image bookshop, which also specialised exclusively in photography.
The gallery space was also used for photographic workshops, tutored by such prominent photographers and writers of the era as Pete Turner, editor of "Creative Camera", UK; Jean-Marc Lepacheu; John Cato; Ian Cosier; and many others.
It also housed a photographic dark room and framing facilities (which were used by artists and photographers, notably by German artist Herbert Zangs during his Australian visit in 1981).
Joyce Evans closed the Church Street premises in 1982, and relocated the gallery’s collection and inventory to a private studio, from which she continues to operate to this day. In 1978 she was appointed Approved Commonwealth Valuer for Australian and International photography from the 19th Century to the present day for the Australian Government’s Cultural Gifts Program. Evans continues acting as a specialist adviser on photography for a number of public institutions and prominent private collectors in Australia.
Professional photography.
While Joyce Evans was always a gifted and passionate photographer in her own right, she took up photography professionally after closing her Church Street gallery space.
Evans works across a number of photographic genres, including portraiture, landscape, and documentary photography. Major areas of investigation include the edge of the road, road kills and fatalities, the land, and many other bodies of focused photo essays and photographic work.
In her landscape photography, Joyce Evans strives to capture the essence of the place, relating to the viewer not only its purely mimetic qualities, but also the spiritual and psychological sensation of the place. Among the most outstanding bodies of work are series of photographic essays taken by Evans in the Dandenongs and Mt Martha regions in the outer Melbourne; along the Hume Hwy; in the Central Desert and outback Australia, most notably Oodnadatta, Oodlawirra, Menindee, and Lake Mungo; vineyards and rural villages in the South of France; the old Jewish cemetery in the centre of Prague; and numerous others.
Evans’s portrait photographs are insightful character studies, taken mainly in black and white, at close range, and more often than not constructed within the subject’s own creative environment, whether studio or office, home or out of doors; with the underlying emphasis on the psychological connexion between the sitter and his or her own space. She created a number of important portraits of a diverse cross-section of Australian intelligentsia and personalities, including Marianne Baillieu; Barbara Blackman; Baron Avid von Blumenthal; Tim Burstall; Dur-e Dara; Robert Dessaix; Germaine Greer; Elena Kats-Chernin; Joan Kerr; Ellen Koshland; David Malouf; Dame Elisabeth Murdoch; Lin Onus; Jill Reichstein; Chris Wallace-Crabbe; and innumerable others.
Among further important achievements, Evans went on numerous scientific and explorative expeditions; worked as an honorary photographer for the Department of Aboriginal Affairs in Central Australia; and for over ten years documented Australian country towns and events for the National Library of Australia.
Exhibitions.
Joyce Evans had her first exhibition at Realities Gallery in Toorak in 1986. Since then she has consistently showed in commercial galleries, including Wiregrass Gallery, Eltham, Vic; Fitzroy Gallery, Melbourne, Vic; Gallery 482, Fortitude Valley, Brisbane; Oak Hill Gallery, Mornington, Vic; Gold Street Studios, Collingwood, Vic; Dickerson Galleries, Richmond, Vic; and Obscura Gallery, St Kilda East, Vic.
Important solo exhibitions in public galleries include surveys at the Musée de la Photographie, Mougins, France; Monash Gallery of Art; Horsham Regional Art Gallery; Queen Victoria Women’s Centre, Melbourne; Albury Regional Art Gallery; and National Trust Gallery, Melbourne.
Her works were included in important curated exhibitions and group surveys of Australian and international photography at the State Library of Victoria; National Library of Australia; Cowwarr Art Space; Horsham Regional Art Gallery; Monash Gallery of Art; Mosman Art Gallery; Jewish Museum of Australia; Castlemaine Art Gallery and Historical Museum; Brisbane Powerhouse Museum; and Broken Hill Regional Art Gallery.
Awards.
Joyce Evans received numerous photographic awards, including Hasselblad Masters (Landscape Division), 1985; Print of the Year Award, IAPP Victorian Division (1985); and Print of the Year Award, IAPP Victorian Division (1991). She was a finalist in the Josephine Ulrick Photography Prize (2004); Leica Award (2007); Julie Millowick Acquisitive Photography Prize (2005, 2007); Outback Art Prize, Broken Hill Regional Art Gallery (2007); William and Winifred Bowness Photography Prize (2007); and the Blake Prize for Religious Art (2009).
Collections.
Works by Joyce Evans are represented in the Musée de la Photographie, Mougins, France; numerous public collections in Australia, including the National Library of Australia; National Gallery of Victoria; State Library of Victoria; State Library of New South Wales (Mitchell Library Collection); Jewish Museum of Australia; Castlemaine Art Gallery and Historical Museum; Horsham Regional Art Gallery; Monash Gallery of Art; Museum of Victoria, Melbourne; Immigration Museum, Melbourne; corporate and private collections in Australia and world-wide.
Tapestry.
In 1995, one of her iconic images, "Selby Daffodils (Cotswald Farm)", was made into a tapestry by the Victorian Tapestry Workshop, Melbourne.
Publications.
Important publications on Joyce Evans include a monograph "Only One Kilometre" (Melbourne: Lothian Press, 2003), and exhibition catalogues with essays by Alison Inglis, Eugene Barilo von Reisberg, Tim Page, Victoria Hammond, and many others.
Photographs by Joyce Evans were published in major art compendiums and publications in Australia and internationally, including "Studio International" (199: 1015, 1986–87); "Silvershotz" (2010), "The Interior" (1:1, May 1991); "Focus on New Zealand" (William Collins, 1986); "Colour and Transparency" (Melbourne: National Gallery of Victoria, 1986).
Joyce Evans is included in "McCulloch’s Encyclopaedia of Australian Art" (Alan and Susan McCulloch, eds, 2006); "Dictionary of Australian Women Artists" (Max Germaine, 1991); "Who’s Who of Australian Women" (1982, 2007); and "The World’s Who’s Who of Women" (1986).
Education and Lecturing.
Joyce Evans also plays an important educational role in Australian photography. She taught history of photography at Melbourne’s RMIT University; appointed inaugural assistant director of Waverley City Gallery (now Monash Gallery of Art), 1990–91, the first municipal public collection in Melbourne to specialise in photography; established and inaugurated a course on the History of Photography and appointed Research Fellow at the University of Melbourne, 1997-2010. Evans continues conducting lectures and photographic workshops, predominantly in Melbourne and regional Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="31176848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176848" title="Najima Station">
Najima Station

Station layout.
The station is above ground level with an island platform and 2 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="31176857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176857" title="Everything (Jason McCoy album)">
Everything (Jason McCoy album)

Everything is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Jason McCoy. It was released by Open Road Recordings on March 1, 2011.
"Everything" was nominated for Country Album of the Year at the 2012 Juno Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31176869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176869" title="Kashiimiyamae Station">
Kashiimiyamae Station

Station layout.
The station is above ground level with one island platform and one track.

</doc>
<doc id="31176877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176877" title="The Himalaya Drug Company">
The Himalaya Drug Company

The Himalaya Drug Company is a company established by M. Manal in 1930 and based in Bangalore, India. It produces health care products under the name "Himalaya Herbal Healthcare", which include ayurvedic ingredients. It is spread across locations in India, the United States, the Middle East, and Europe., while its products are sold in 60 countries across the world.
The company has 70 researchers that study ayurvedic herbs and minerals. An Hepatic drug, named "Liv.52", is its flagship product, first introduced in 1955.
Himalaya Global Holdings Ltd. (HGH), located at the Dubai International Financial Centre, is the parent of The Himalaya Drug Company worldwide. It is also the global headquarters of all Himalaya subsidiaries.

</doc>
<doc id="31176917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176917" title="Sanriku">
Sanriku

, sometimes known as , lies on the northeastern side of the island of Honshu, corresponding to today's Aomori, Iwate and parts of Miyagi Prefecture and has a long history.
The 36 bays of this irregular coastline tend to amplify the destructiveness of tsunami waves which reach the shores of Sanriku, as demonstrated in the damage caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
History.
On January 19, 1869, in the aftermath of the Boshin War, the provinces of Mutsu and Dewa were divided. Mutsu was split into new five provinces: Rikuō (also read "Mutsu"), Rikuchū, Rikuzen, Iwashiro and Iwaki. The first three of these collectively known as the "Three Riku", or "Sanriku", with san (三) meaning "three." 
The new provinces were short-lived, being abolished in July 1871 when the abolition of the han system redivided Japan into its present prefectures. However, the label lives on in common usages such as the Sanriku Coast, which extends along Japan's Pacific coastline from Aomori in the north down to the Oshika Peninsula in Miyagi.

</doc>
<doc id="31176933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176933" title="Haruehun Airry">
Haruehun Airry

Haruehun Airry Noppawan (; born September 6, 1986), better known by Haruehun Airry, is a Thai photographer living in Bangkok, Thailand.
Biography.
Haruehun Airry graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Management from Chulalongkorn University where he befriended with Charm Osathanond, Miss Thailand Universe 2006, and started photography. As a role model for young men in Thailand, he was appointed by the Thai Red Cross AIDS Research Centre an advocate for a charity project called "Adam′s Love" which fosters comprehensive HIV/AIDS education in 2011.
Career.
His photography is mainly male imagery which has been published widely on Asian social media space since he was a student, and later in renowned publications such as "Attitude" and "Men's Health". A number of amateur male models in various countries have been introduced to the entertainment industry through his photography. Haruehun Airry stirred public opinion with an Internet sensation in Southeast Asia after his nude photography series featuring a former Mister International titleholder was published.
Haruehun Airry is also a social media specialist. Burson-Marsteller, one of the world's largest public relations agencies, acknowledged his contribution in the "Burson-Marsteller Asia-Pacific Social Media Study" in 2010. "Attitude" magazine, in its first Thai language issue, noted that Haruehun Airry is one of the youngest successful photographers.

</doc>
<doc id="31176934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176934" title="Kashii-Kaenmae Station">
Kashii-Kaenmae Station

Station layout.
The station is above ground level with one island platform and one track.

</doc>
<doc id="31176943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176943" title="1997 Walker Cup">
1997 Walker Cup

The 1997 Walker Cup, the 36th Walker Cup Match, was played on August 9 and 10, 1997, at Quaker Ridge Golf Club in Scarsdale, New York. The event was won by the United States 18 to 6.
Format.
The format for play on Saturday and Sunday was the same. There were four matches of foursomes in the morning and eight singles matches in the afternoon. In all, 24 matches were played.
Each of the 24 matches is worth one point in the larger team competition. If a match is all square after the 18th hole extra holes are not played. Rather, each side earns ½ a point toward their team total. The team that accumulates at least 12½ points wins the competition. If the two teams are tied, the previous winner retains the trophy.
Teams.
Ten players for the USA and Great Britain & Ireland participate in the event plus one non-playing captain for each team.

</doc>
<doc id="31176952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176952" title="Standard Time Act">
Standard Time Act

The Standard Time Act of 1918, also known as the Calder Act, was the first United States federal law implementing standard time and Daylight saving time in the United States. It authorized the Interstate Commerce Commission to define each time zone.
The section concerning daylight saving time was repealed by the act titled "An Act For the repeal of the daylight-saving law", , over President Woodrow Wilson's veto.
Section 264 of the act mistakenly placed most of the state of Idaho (south of Salmon River (Idaho)) in CST Central Standard Time, but was amended in 2007 by Congress to MST Mountain Standard Time. MST was observed prior to the correction.

</doc>
<doc id="31176956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176956" title="Sear Rogers International School">
Sear Rogers International School

Sear Rogers International School (), often shortened to "SRIS" is a co-educational international secondary private school. It is located on 45-47 Grampian Road in the Kowloon City area of Hong Kong. Currently serving 115 students in the Kowloon peninsula, it is one of the oldest schools in Hong Kong. Its students take the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) followed by the GCE A/AS-Level.
About.
Sear Rogers International School (SRIS) was established in 1982 and has been serving the needs of Hong Kong students ever since. SRIS is a co-educational English medium school for pupils aged 12–19 years (Grades 7 to 13, equivalent to F1 to F7). At Sear Rogers, there is a 1:20 teacher to student ratio. 
The school aims to develop the potential of each student, recognising that all of its students have a positive contribution to make. Students are encouraged to aim high and contribute to the community in which they will become more independent, and well-equipped to meet challenges.
Curriculum.
SRIS offers both the British National Curriculum. The British National Curriculum comprises International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) and A/AS-Level (GCE).
Facilities.
The campus provides many amenities including a full size gymnasium, 2 science laboratories, a library, a spacious canteen, an equipped home economics room, an art studio, a music room and several computer suites. The school provides a broad and balanced curriculum for students to pursue higher education in Hong Kong or abroad.
Subjects.
Subjects offered for IGCSEs include English, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Literature, Business Studies, Sociology, Geography, History, French and Mandarin.
Clubs - leading to participating in various national competitions include: Dance, Drama, Football & Basketball.
Swimming, Art, Music are also available after school.

</doc>
<doc id="31176964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176964" title="Tōnoharu Station">
Tōnoharu Station

Station layout.
The station is above ground level with an island platform and 2 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="31176966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176966" title="List of UK top 10 singles in 2000">
List of UK top 10 singles in 2000

The UK Singles Chart is a record chart compiled by The Official Charts Company (OCC) on behalf of the British record industry. The chart week runs from Sunday to Saturday, with the top 40 singles being broadcast on BBC Radio 1's Chart Show each Sunday. Until the end of 2004 the chart was based entirely on sales of physical singles from retail outlets, at which point legal music downloads were included in the compilation of the chart.
The list below shows all the singles that appeared in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart during 2000, including songs in the top 10 that peaked in 1999 and 2001. The date in the "Top 10 Entry Date" column is the date that the single entered the top 10 for the first time. Around singles charted in the top 10 during 2000, with of these reaching their peak that year. singles from 1999 remained in the top 10 for several weeks at the beginning of the year.
Top 10 singles.
Notes:
Entries by artist.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="31176974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31176974" title="My Future Boyfriend">
My Future Boyfriend

My Future Boyfriend is a TV movie starring Sara Rue and Barry Watson. It premiered on ABC Family on April 10, 2011. It is directed by Michael Lange.
Synopsis.
P-A-X-497/341 (aka Pax), a curious human from a well-ordered but loveless year 3127, travels back in time to the year 2011 to satisfy his curiosity about such archaic concepts as love, passion and sex, after finding a book by newly published romance novelist Elizabeth Barrett, who also works at a newspaper that deals in primarily made up stories. He is told that love caused people to act strangely and was one of the root causes for suffering in the world. He decided to go back to the year 2011 to figure what love is. He winds up making his own discoveries when he meets Elizabeth, who turns out to be the woman of his dreams. Unfortunately, Elizabeth has a boyfriend, Richard. When Pax doesn't return to the future by the given deadline, his fellow scientist Bob travels back in time to find him. Upon returning to the future Pax misses Elizabeth and, she is the only thing he is thinking about. He also feels he has lost his chance with her. Bob lets Pax travel all the way back to where Elizabeth and Richard met, which allows Pax to meet Elizabeth first.

</doc>
<doc id="31177036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177036" title="Matt Smith (guitarist)">
Matt Smith (guitarist)

Matt Smith is an Australian jazz guitarist. He is most widely known as the guitarist in the Australian rock pop band Thirsty Merc but also plays guitar for Sydney afrobeat/reggae band The Strides. Matt joined Thirsty Merc in January 2010 after helping record the band's third album, Mousetrap Heart, in Los Angeles in late 2009.
Early Years.
Matt grew up in Mount Warrigal which is a large suburb of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia. From the age of 5 he took classical piano lessons because he was told that his hands were too small to play guitar. He eventually got his way and was given his first guitar for his 8th birthday and started tuition at 10.
Throughout high school, Matt played in the school concert band and during his HSC developed an interest in jazz. He then went on to study at the Wollongong Conservatorium of Music and completed a Bachelor of Contemporary Music in 2007.
Thirsty Merc.
Matt first met Rai Thistlethwayte, lead singer of Thirsty Merc, at a gig in Sydney and went on to work with Rai on his solo tour. After Sean, lead guitarist for Thirsty Merc, left the band indefinitely, Matt was asked to record the album Mousetrap Heart with the rest of the band in Los Angeles. Matt was officially made a part of the band in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31177040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177040" title="Last Parade">
Last Parade

"Last Parade" is the first single by Matthew Good from his fourth solo album, "Vancouver". The single was first streamed on August 14, 2009. The song was featured during a segment on NBC's "The Today Show".
Commercial performance.
The song peaked at #45 on the Canadian Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="31177075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177075" title="Calumet Hotel (Pipestone, Minnesota)">
Calumet Hotel (Pipestone, Minnesota)

The Calumet Hotel, also known as the Calumet Inn, anchors the historic district of downtown Pipestone, Minnesota, United States. The three-story Richardsonian Romanesque hotel was built with light pink jasper quartzite as opposed to the red Sioux quartzite used in most other downtown buildings. The present hotel was built to replace a previous hotel, also three-stories, which was destroyed in an 1886 fire.
History.
Like its predecessor, the Calumet Hotel was built to meet a demand which was growing as a result of increased railroad traffic. It opened on Thanksgiving Day, 1888 with a guest capacity of 50. It has been enlarged twice, a three-story addition to the south in 1899 differentiated by round rather than square window caps, and fourth story built in 1913, bringing the total number of rooms to 90. Among the various businesses to occupy the first floor and basement of the building were First National Bank and a 14-hole miniature golf course. A fire in 1944 destroyed the floors in the south section, but the hotel was able to reopen the following April. By 1978 had declined to the point that it was condemned by the State Fire Marshall. After two years of thorough renovation the hotel was again able to open for business.
Architecture.
Architectural details include the oriel window, a replica of the original which was removed along with the balcony in 1912, a large quartzite arch, the corner door, and a crenelated cornice.

</doc>
<doc id="31177119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177119" title="Pandy Malayalam">
Pandy Malayalam

Pandy Malayalam or Pandyan Malayalam is a dialect of Malayalam spoken in those regions of Kerala which were once part of the Pandyan kingdom. It is the most spoken dialect in the district of Trivandrum and, according to an 1875 work by Robert Caldwell, this was also the case then in southern parts of Kollam district.

</doc>
<doc id="31177124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177124" title="Aan Piranna Veedu">
Aan Piranna Veedu

Aan Piranna Veedu is a Malayalam comedy drama film written and directed by K. P. Sunil. It stars Kailash and Aswathy Ashok in the lead roles, with Innocent, Vinaya Prasad and Suraj Venjaramoodu doing other pivotal roles.
Plot.
The film is about the emotional bonding between a father and a son. Ramachandran (Innocent) and his wife had waited years for a child. So when Jithin (Kailash), his son, is born, Ramachandran spoils him rotten. Jithin's generosity is exploited by many including Albi, a music album director. Ramachandran helps his son to start a small business - a cosmetics shop. For Jithin, the shop is more of an opportunity to mingle with girls, than a business. He meets a young girl Priya there, and eventually falls in love with her. How she shapes Jithin's life forms the rest of the story.
Production.
The filming is being completed at various parts of Kozhikode.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film has been composed by M. Jayachandran with lyrics by Kaithapram. Madhu Balakrishnan, Sudheep Kumar, Swetha Mohan and Vijay Yesudas are the featured artists. The album is set to release in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31177125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177125" title="Panadura Royal College">
Panadura Royal College

Pandura Royal College (; also known as Royal College, Panadura, Royal College Panadura, Royal Maha Vidyalaya, Panadura) is a provincial school in Panadura, Sri Lanka. Current students of the school are referred to as Panadura Royalists in local news papers. The school has a cadet corps.
History and School facilities.
The school was inaugurated in 1978 as Janadipathy Vidyalaya and later renamed as Royal College Panadura. The college conducts classes from grade 1 to 13 in both Sinhala and Tamil medium including English medium from grade six onwards. Royal College Panadura is spreaded across over consisting of a complete Information Technology Centre,facilities of over 10 scientific labs, auditoriums, Sports Complex boasting of squash courts, basketball courts and table tennis, an international standard rugby football ground and a modern gymnasium, 2 cricket grounds and nets, swimming pool with diving facilities, along with volleyball and tennis courts.
Annual Big Match.
Royal College Panadura plays annual cricket Big Match with St. John's College Panadura (Royal Panadura versus St. John's Panadura). It is also called Battle of the Greens. The Big Match is played for Mervyn Joseph Cooray Shield..
Alumni associations.
Panadura Royal College has two main alumni associations. These alumni associations plany annual cricket matches against other alumni associations such as the "Old Wesleyites Sports Club" and the "Old Johnians Old Boys Association".

</doc>
<doc id="31177129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177129" title="Starihov Vrh">
Starihov Vrh

Starihov Vrh (; ) is a settlement south of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The Municipality of Semič is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Church.
The local church, built on a hill with a cemetery east of the settlement, is dedicated to Saint Roch () and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It dates to the 17th century and was mentioned by Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his "Glory of the Duchy of Carniola".

</doc>
<doc id="31177149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177149" title="Chrysis inaequalis">
Chrysis inaequalis

Chrysis inaequalis is a species of cuckoo wasp belonging to the family Chrysididae subfamily Chrysidinae. 
These "cuckoo wasps" are present in Bulgaria, Italy, Switzerland, Greece and in the Near East.
The head and the thorax are shiny metallic blue-green, while the abdomen is red. 
The adults grow up to long and can be encountered from late June to mid September, especially flying on sun-exposed walls, on rocks and on dead wood. 
This species is a parasite of bees. Main hosts are "Osmia", "Eumenes" and "Odynerus" species. The adults feed on sweet foods such as nectar, honeydew or various exudates.

</doc>
<doc id="31177154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177154" title="Thermal entrance length">
Thermal entrance length

The thermal entrance length "Leh" is used to outline the boundary between the fully developed heat flow and the non-fully developed heat flow in a heated/cooled pipe flow of a fluid.
Overview.
A fully developed heat flow in a pipe can be considered in the following situation. If the tube wall of the pipe is constantly heated or cooled so the heat flux from the wall to the fluid via convection is a fixed value, then the bulk temperature of the fluid increases steadily at a fixed rate along the flow direction. An example can be a pipe covered entirely by an electrical heating pad, and the flow is introduced after a uniform heat flux from the pad is achieved. At a distance away from the entrance of the fluid, the fully developed heat flow is achieved when the heat transfer coefficient of the fluid becomes constant, and the temperature profile has the same shape along the flow. This distance is defined as the thermal entrance length, which is important for engineers to design efficient heat transfer processes.
Quantitative measurement.
Quantitatively, If x is chosen to be the axis parallel to the pipe and x = 0 is chosen as the commencing point of the pipe flow, the thermal entrance length is defined as the distance (x >0) required for the Nusselt number Nu associated with the pipe flow to decrease to within 5% of its value for a fully developed heat flow .
Depends on different flow conditions (laminar, turbulent, shapes of entrance, etc.), the Nusselt number has different dependence on Reynolds number, Prandtl number and the friction factor of the flow.
Simple scenario.
A simple example is a laminar flow which is already hydrodynamically fully developed at x=0, and a constant and uniform pipe wall temperature is maintained. In this case, the thermal entrance length can be calculated by a simplified equation written as:
where D is the pipe diameter, ReD the Reynolds number and Pr is the Prandtl number. 
Given Reynolds number is a constant for a hydrodynamically fully developed flow (where the velocity of the flow remains unchanged), the equation above indicates that the thermal entrance length is proportional to the Prandtl number , which is defined as the ratio of momentum diffusion rate to the thermal diffusion rate of a fluid (See Prandtl number). That is, a low Pr material, with its thermal diffusion rate closer to its momentum diffusion rate, can achieve a fully developed heat flow at a shorter distance compared to a high Pr material in this situation.
Complex scenario.
In a more complicate scenario (turbulent flow, rectangular entrance, open end entrance, etc.), there is seldom an easy method to calculate the thermal entrance length. If the flow is laminar, i.e. Reynolds number is equal or less than 2100/2300, the thermal entrance length can be within 5 diameters for high Pr and low Pr materials given there is no large perturbation or eddies For gases and water at higher temperatures, the Prandtl number is close to 1 and the thermal entrance length can vary between 15 to 40 diameters [1. Overall, the determination of the thermal entrance length can be difficult and requires an understanding of the heat and fluid transfer phenomenon, and a list of different calculations and charts can be found in various reading sources.

</doc>
<doc id="31177178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177178" title="Benjamin Schwarz (disambiguation)">
Benjamin Schwarz (disambiguation)

Benjamin Schwarz (born 1986) is a German footballer.
Benjamin Schwarz may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31177182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177182" title="Goi Domain">
Goi Domain

In the han system, Goi was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
The domain was centered on what is now the city of Ichihara, Chiba. It was ruled for the entirety of its history by a branch of the Arima clan.
Goi Domain was created on November 28, 1781, when Arima Ujiyoshi, the "daimyō" of Nishijo Domain in Ise Province relocated his "jin'ya" from Ise to Kazusa. He died two years later, at the age of 23, and his successors likewise had unusually short lifespans. His son Ujiyasu died at the age of 29, successor Hiroyasu at age 35, and son Ujisada at age 24. The 5th "daimyō" of Goi Domain, Arima Ujishige, decided to relocate his residence to Fukiage Domain in Kōzuke Province on April 17, 1842, and Goi Domain was thus dissolved.
List of daimyō.
The site of the Goi Domain "jin'ya" is now Goi Station on the JR-East Uchibō Line.

</doc>
<doc id="31177216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177216" title="Takuya Hara">
Takuya Hara

Takuya Hara (born June 4, 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31177300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177300" title="Hirotaka Uchibayashi">
Hirotaka Uchibayashi

Hirotaka Uchibayashi (born June 27, 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31177312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177312" title="Robert Hedley">
Robert Hedley

Lieut. Robert Shafto Hedley (17 January 1857 – 29 January 1884) was the captain of the Royal Engineers team that reached the final of the FA Cup in 1878, where they were defeated 3–1 by the Wanderers.
Early life and education.
Hedley was born in Taunton, Somerset and educated at Reading School. At Reading, he played for the school football XI from 1871 to 1873, including in a match against Reading F.C. in its inaugural season. 
According to the 1871 census, he lived with his mother, Catherine, at Easby Hall, Easby, Richmond in Yorkshire.
On leaving school, he joined the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. On 2 August 1876, he was appointed as Lieutenant in the Royal Engineers.
Football career.
Hedley played football for the Royal Military Academy and for the Royal Engineers. A centre-forward, he was described as "a useful centre, combining considerable speed and weight with no small amount of energy", although early reports suggested that "he should study shooting at goal".
In 1878, his scoring ability helped the Royal Engineers to reach the final of the FA Cup with hat-tricks in the early rounds against the Pilgrims (won 6–0) and Druids (won 8–0). For the final, played at Kennington Oval on 23 March, Hedley was captain for the Engineers. Wanderers won the match 3–1 although early in the second half, with the score 2–1, Hedley had a "goal" disallowed due to an infringement of the offside rule. 
His goal-scoring for the Engineers brought him to the attention of the England selectors who named him in the squad for the international against Scotland on 2 March 1878, but he was not available to play. He was called up again for the Scotland international the following March, but this match was postponed because of bad weather and he was again unavailable for the re-arranged match.
Hedley was a member of the Football Association committee in 1878–1879.
Military career and death.
Hedley was posted to Ceylon where he drowned at Trincomalee on 29 January 1884, two weeks after his 27th birthday. He was out boating and landed on a rock offshore. At some point, his boat came loose and drifted away; Hedley tried to swim back to the boat, but failed to reach it. Eventually, his body was discovered by a search party who had been sent out to look for him.

</doc>
<doc id="31177318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177318" title="Blackwater Sports (PBA D-League)">
Blackwater Sports (PBA D-League)

The Black Water Sports is a defunct professional basketball team that played for the PBA Development League from 2011 until 2014, it will also play for the PBA, and is owned by Dioceldo Sy, founder and CEO of the Ever Bilena Cosmetics, Incorporation.
Championship.
They are the first team in the PBA D-League to defeat the NLEX Road Warriors in the Finals.
Entering PBA.
On April 10, 2014 NLEX Road Warriors, Blackwater Sports and KIA were approved by the PBA Board of Governors to become an expansion team for PBA. Blackwater will debut as a team for PBA next season.

</doc>
<doc id="31177361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177361" title="Kingsport Police Department">
Kingsport Police Department

The Kingsport Police Department is the law enforcement agency of the City of Kingsport, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="31177376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177376" title="Shinobu Ito">
Shinobu Ito

Shinobu Ito (born May 7, 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31177389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177389" title="Polonnaruwa Rajakeeya Madya Maha Vidyalaya">
Polonnaruwa Rajakeeya Madya Maha Vidyalaya

Rajakeeya Madya Maha Vidyalaya (; also known as Royal College, Polonnaruwa or Royal Central College, Polonnaruwa) is a national school in Polonnaruwa, Sri Lanka.
History.
Rajakeeya Madya Maha Vidyalaya was founded by government minister C. P. de Silva on the lines of the Royal College, Colombo. Silva laid the foundation stone of the school on 19 April 1959. Six years later the school was opened for local children. Scholarships were offered to students in Polonnaruwa and Trincomalee districts. The main objective of the school was to give proper educational opportunities for the children of farmers. The school also owned of land and paddy fields and the income from these was used to fund the school. At the beginning students were recruited to grade 9 and upwards. Students were selected for art, commerce, and science classes by scholarship examination in grade 8. D. B. Karunathilaka was the school's first principal and R. W. Galahitiyawa was the vice principal. The school had around 22 staff in 1965.
The school was closed in 1971 due to the JVP insurrection. It became a rehabilitation camp. No education was carried out at the school for three years. Instead, commerce classes were held in the irrigation office and science classes was held at Topawewa School.

</doc>
<doc id="31177390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177390" title="Innistrad">
Innistrad

The Innistrad block is a block of the collectible card game "", consisting of the expansion sets Innistrad (September 30, 2011), Dark Ascension (February 3, 2012) and Avacyn Restored (May 4, 2012). Innistrad is a "top-down" designed block based around Gothic horror. The set's mechanics and effects are mainly based around graveyard themes, with a minor focus on tribal themes. The tagline for the set is "Horror Lurks Within". It has 264 cards.
Design and development.
Innistrad.
According to "Magic" lead designer Mark Rosewater, "The number-one role of this set's design was capturing the feel of the horror genre." Monsters were one of the first tropes explored which led to the tribal component of the set.
Innistrad is the first set to feature double-faced cards, meaning some of the cards do not feature the "Magic" card back design that has been used on every previous Magic card Every double-faced card features the new transform mechanic. To replace the double-faced cards in decks, "checklist" cards were in boosters, which had the normal back. This is the first set since "" to have "Magic" creator Richard Garfield on the design team.
Dark Ascension.
"Dark Ascension" was first revealed at the 2011 Comic-Con in San Diego, California. Just like "Worldwake", Dark Ascension is a small set in between two large sets. Dark Ascension boosters always contain a double-faced card of any rarity to replace one of the commons in the pack. Much of the development had a top down approach. 
Dark Ascension develops the themes of Innistrad. The plane is still plagued by Werewolves, Zombies, Vampires, Spirits and other creatures of the night. The set puts a stronger emphasis on those creature types, giving each type of monster more support. Meanwhile, the humans are on the verge of extinction and have to take desperate measures to stem the tide. Dark Ascension has several broken cycles (a cycle where one color is omitted) to show how humans are flagging.
Storyline.
The events of the "Innistrad" block center on the events after the sundering of the Helvault, a giant chunk of silver metal that was used by the archangel Avacyn to imprison Innistrad's worst horrors, the demons. It is then revealed why the archangel Avacyn vanished from the plane in the first place, leaving the humans of the plane defenseless against the gothic horrors of Innistrad.
In the early days of Avacyn's presence in Innistrad, long before the block takes place, the archangel sought to rid the plane of its demonic influences. Accompanied by her fellow angels, she challenged each demon she encountered to single combat, defeating and dispatching them one-by-one. However, since demons are beings composed of pure mana, their defeat only meant that their physical forms were shattered, their dark essence living on. Eventually the black mana would coalesce in another dark corner of the plane, and another demon would appear.
Avacyn soon noted that no matter how many times a demon was defeated, there would always be another one to take its place. All that its destruction would buy was temporary peace to the afflicted towns and villages. Thus, she took an oath, saying "What cannot be destroyed, must be bound". This oath is reflected in the symbol of the archangel herself, the Collar of Avacyn, shaped to bind any evil that would not be destroyed. With this new goal in mind, Avacyn used her divine magics to trap demons, one-by-one in the Helvault. She was so successful at doing this that after a time, only the plane's elder demons remained free of the Helvault's magical prison.
It was then that the great demon Griselbrand decided to challenge Avacyn to single combat, boldly landing on the top of the Helvault itself. For many days the battle raged on between archangel and archdemon, watched only by the church's highest officials (such as Mikaeus, the lunarch) and Avacyn's most powerful angelic compatriots (Gisela, leader of the angelic Flight of Goldnight, was the only one explicitly mentioned to have been a spectator).
Seeing as she could not defeat Griselbrand, Avacyn used all her remaining power to cast a final binding spell to drive the archdemon into the Helvault and seal him away forever. However, at that moment, the demon revealed his endgame, to trap the archangel herself in her own prison. Using his spear, Griselbrand thrust the weapon through her, dealing her a mortal blow just as the binding spell was completed. The spell backfired, drawing in both angel and demon to the Helvault, with the ongoing spectators watching in horror as their beloved archangel was impaled, then imprisoned within the magical chunk of moonsilver.
Because of fears that reporting Avacyn's disappearance would incite mass hysteria and panic amongst the human denizens of the plane, Mikaeus and the other church officials decided to cover up any reports concerning the reason behind archangel's disappearance. Nevertheless, the archmages and clergy of the Church soon began to feel the aftereffects of the archangel's vanishing. Spells, wards and enchantments began to fail all over Innistrad. Prayers to the archangel went unanswered. Monsters and creatures of the night were no longer held at bay by Avacyn's holy might. Sensing weakness, Innistrad's werewolf howlpacks, vampire hordes and unstoppable waves of zombies began preying actively on the humans.
At the onset of these events in Innistrad the Planeswalker Liliana Vess had come to the plane of Innistrad to reclaim her soul, which she had traded to four demons in exchange for beauty and power. She believes that by killing her dark debtors, her own bargain would be negated, and she wouldn't have to continue being subservient to these demons. During her earlier days of serving her demonic masters she eventually found and claimed a dark artifact known as the Chain Veil, which greatly amplified the potential of her dark magics. Liliana used the power of the Veil to kill one of her four demonic masters, Kothophed, and she has tracked her next target, Griselbrand, to Innistrad.
During her search for the demon, Liliana was beset by the Planeswalker Garruk Wildspeaker, on whom she had used the Chain Veil to bestow a curse in a previous encounter. However, she managed to fend him off due to the dampening properties of the Veil's curse upon Garruk's nature magic. In the end, Garruk was overwhelmed by a small army of undead raised by Liliana and left for dead.
Upon reaching the great city of Thraben, Liliana uncovers a plot by two rival sibling necromancers to besiege the holy city, the blue-oriented skabaren Geralf, and his black-oriented ghoulcaller sister Gisa. Despite the city receiving warning reports from cathars and inquisitors, not much was done to reinforce the city's walls and failing wards. Due to this lack of adequate preparation, the holy city was caught unawares by the massive army both siblings had amassed. In the end, only the quick thinking of the cathar Thalia spared the city from utter destruction. Thalia's plan was simple, to use the thatched straw roofs of Thraben's houses to create a ring of fire, burning down the entire army of undead. The plan was successful as most of the city was spared from the undead horde, albeit at the loss of many cathars and buildings because of the great fire.
Despite this successful defence, during the siege, Geralf infiltrated the heart of the city and slew Mikaeus, the lunarch himself. Not wanting the news to demoralise the already downcast human citizens of the plane, the other church officials buried the lunarch in secret. Liliana used this opportunity to raise Mikaeus from the dead and interrogate the corpse of Griselbrand's whereabouts, instead learning of the epic battle between Avacyn and her demonic master and their current entrapment in the Helvault.
Not possessing magic capable of sundering the great silver mass, Liliana approached the problem from a different angle. She reanimated a small army of ghouls and zombies and proceeded to attack the sanctuary where the Helvault resided. Now charged with protecting the Helvault at all costs, the newly appointed Guardian of Thraben, Thalia faced off Liliana with a squad of elite cathars backing her up. Catching them completely off guard, Liliana paralyzed the squad of cathars with a wave of dark magic and gave Thalia this ultimatum: sunder the Helvault, or watch her fellow comrades fall to the undead army. It only took the strangled cry of a single cathar as he fell prey to the ghouls that Thalia pointed toward the Helvault and cursed Liliana.
With a great explosion, the silver prison that was the Helvault shattered, releasing demons and archangel alike. No one noticed the ribbons of black mana streaking away from the shattered remains. All eyes were fixed upon the golden helix streaking out into the sky. Avacyn had returned to the plane. When the Helvault shattered, Avacyn emerged at her full strength. Her presence reinfused the Avacynian protective wards with holy magic once again. Her angelic host was restored to its full powers, which gave the humans the chance to gain the upper hand in their fight against evil. The three flights of angels reformed in greater numbers than before. Once again, they became Avacyn's soldiers on the front lines of battle. Only this time, instead of barely containing the monsters of the world, the angels and their human allies began pushing them back, away from the bastions of human civilization. For the first time, they were winning.
Now that Griselbrand was also freed from the Helvault, Liliana continues her search for the demon, and her release from the fell contract she entered into.
Meanwhile, the plane's horrors continued to be driven back by the renewed power of the Church. In the process of purging the town of Gatstaf from the threat of werewolf howlpacks, the villagers appealed to Avacyn to remove the curse of lycanthropy upon their loved ones, whom they could not bear to see put to death because of a curse they could not control. Although she could not undo the werewolf curse, she revealed that she would instead transform those afflicted by the curse (but loyal to her and the Church), fusing the warring aspects of human and wolf into a single creature; the "wolfir". In a powerful wave of spells that would become known as the Cursemute, Avacyn's magic reverberated throughout the plane, transforming not just many werewolves but undoing many of the world's foul curses. The wolfir emerged as a new race of great wolf-creatures dedicated to the principles of the Church of Avacyn.
The Cursemute had an unintended impact on a visitor to the plane: Garruk Wildspeaker. At the moment the Cursemute swept across the land, Garruk was knee-deep in swamp muck surrounded by the severed limbs of Liliana's ghouls. He had barely managed to defeat them, and burdened by the Veil's curse, was slowly descending into madness. Close to death and tormented by pain and fury, Garruk's mind slipped away from him. He wandered in blind circles, shouting at the ravens and imagined monsters. It might have been the end of the great hunter, but for the events unfolding in Gatstaf Spring.
When Avacyn's thaumaturgy reached him, Garruk regained his senses. He stared down at his arms, watching the black veins receding from his skin. He was overcome with joy at the sudden absence of pain and sickness. But the relief was short-lived. Within seconds the veins reappeared, his blood seemed to thicken to tar, and his back bent under the weight of the Veil's curse once again. The Cursemute was enough to bring him back from madness and death, but it was not enough to cure him.
After slogging his way out of the swamp, he came upon Angel's Way, a well-traveled road between Kessig and Thraben. He knew Liliana was heading to Thraben, and he could doggedly continue his pursuit. Or he could strike out another way, toward the origin of the magic he had felt so strongly. There was a power on this plane that could cure curses. Maybe there was another way to rid him of his evil burden—a way that didn't involve the death-witch.
Tribes.
In Innistrad there are five tribes, major creature types that also play a role mechanically. Each tribe is linked to an allied color combination.
Mechanics.
"Innistrad" introduces four new mechanics (Curse, Fight, Morbid, Transform) and reintroduces one old mechanic (Flashback). Curses are a new enchantment subtype that enchants a player, causing negative effects (hence the name) of varying degrees. Fight is a new keyword that refers to two creatures dealing damage to each other equal to their power simultaneously (it had appeared on previous cards, but this is the first time it was keyworded). Morbid conditions occur if a creature has died earlier in the turn that the spell is cast or the ability is used. The transform mechanic allows certain creatures to turn into different creatures once certain conditions specified on the card are met. Each card that can transform is a double-faced card. The returning mechanic (from the and blocks) was flashback. Spells with flashback can be played again from the graveyard, essentially getting a second use out of the spell. However, using a Flashback ability removes the card from the game.
All the major mechanics of "Innistrad", including Double-faced cards, return for "Dark Ascension". Many of the double-faced cards in Dark Ascension are humans on one side and werewolves on the other. Dark Ascension also has a number of cards involving the number 13. Two new mechanics debuted in Dark Ascension: Fateful Hour and Undying. Cards with fateful hour abilities have an enhanced effect when their controller has 5 or fewer life points remaining. Undying is a new keyword mechanic that is featured on creature cards. When a creature with Undying dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, it returns to the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it, effectively allowing a creature to survive destruction at least once.
Two new mechanics debuted in "Avacyn Restored": miracle and soulbond Miracle is a new keyword found on instants and sorceries. Spells with Miracle have a cheaper, alternate casting cost that can be paid if the spell was the first card drawn during the turn, then immediately cast after being drawn. Soulbond is a new keyword mechanic that is featured on creature cards. When a creature with Soulbond enters the battlefield, it can be paired up with another creature that player controls, granting bonus abilities to both creatures until one or both creatures leave play. Conversely, if another creature enters play, it can be paired with an unpaired creature with Soulbond. Of the mechanics of "Innistrad" and "Dark Ascension", only undying returns for "Avacyn".
Notable cards.
Notable cards in "Innistrad" include ', ', ' and '
One notable card from "Dark Ascension" is .
The title card of "Avacyn Restored" is . Other notable cards include ' and '

</doc>
<doc id="31177417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177417" title="Stranska Vas pri Semiču">
Stranska Vas pri Semiču

Stranska Vas pri Semiču (; , ) is a village on the right bank of the Krupa River in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Stranska vas" to "Stranska vas pri Semiču" in 1955. In the past the German name was "Seitendorf".
Krupa Castle.
Stranska Vas pri Semiču was the location of Krupa Castle. The castle was mentioned in written documents dating to the 15th century, expanded in the 16th and 18th centuries, and burned down during the Second World War in 1942 by the Partisans.

</doc>
<doc id="31177421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177421" title="Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong">
Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong

Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong or KJP Hospital (Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Hospital), is one of the oldest medical Centres in Meghalaya. This century old Christian institution was founded by Dr. Hughes Gordon Roberts, and is located in the city of Shillong in the north east of India.
History.
Dr. H.Gordon Roberts was the founder of the hospital. He arrived in Shillong in 1913 and started work with a small Dispensary at Mission Compound near the KJP Girls’ High School. He started the construction of the building of the hospital in 1915 with the permission given by the government of Assam. The work was started on the edge of the town, in the part called Jaiaw where it stands to this date. The hospital was officially opened on the 25th March, 1922 by the then Governor of Assam, Sir William Marris as a 90 bedded hospital and was known as the Khasi Hills Welsh Mission Hospital. Thus Dr. Roberts was the founder and the first Chief Medical Officer of the hospital which till this day is still known as “Dr. Roberts Hospital” by many people.
For many years the hospital was one of the few institutions in the north east of India in which major surgery could be performed. Dr. R. A. Hughes, a very qualified Surgeon with additional training in tropical medicine came to Shillong in March 1939 and he became Senior Medical Officer in 1942 on the retirement of Dr. H.G. Roberts. He expanded the Hospital in respect of accommodation, introduced the latest operating techniques, started the first blood bank in Shillong, introduced the latest anesthetic machine (EMO) and other facilities like the boiler generating steam for the hospital. He was assisted by Khasi doctors such as Dr. Drin Sing Hynniewta who joined from 1928 in the Department of O&G and Dr. (Miss) O. Roy as an anaesthetist. From time to time Missionary doctors came to help Dr. Hughes, among them were Dr. Stanley Russell and Dr. P.A. Shave.
With the departure of the Missionaries, when Dr. R.A. Hughes retired in 1969 the responsibility of running the hospital fell on the shoulder of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod and Dr. E.C. Synkon was appointed as senior Medical Officer, Dr. S. P. Sen. Gupta as the Surgeon Superintendent and Mr. O. Gilbert as the Secretary of the Hospital. After a brief spell as surgeon, Dr. S. P. Sen. Gupta left in 1972 and Mr. O. Gilbert due to ill health retired from service.
In 1981 at the KJP Synod meeting held at Mawlai “ Phudmawri once again change the name of the hospital to “ The Khasi and Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Hospital, Jaiaw Shillong. Dr. P. Lamare took over as the Medical Superintendent and Secretary of the Managing Committee of the Hospital. 
After the retirement of Dr. P. Lamare in 1998, Dr. (Mrs.) K. Ropmay was appointed as Acting Medical Superintendent till the end of the year 2000 where Dr. Sandi Syiem M.D was appointed as the Medical Superintendent (on honorary basis) till January 2006 after which he has handed over the mantel to Dr. David D. Tariang, a new Medical Superintendent.

</doc>
<doc id="31177459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177459" title="Hamoud Muhammed Ou'bad">
Hamoud Muhammed Ou'bad

Hamoud Muhammed Ou'bad (also "Hamoud Mohammed Abad") was appointed Yemen's Minister of Religious Endowments and Guidance on March 14, 2011 after serving as Yemeni Minister of Youth and Sport where he was superseded by Aref Awad Azwka (Aref Awad Azwka).

</doc>
<doc id="31177492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177492" title="Bruhrain Railway">
Bruhrain Railway

The Bruhrain Railway () is a railway line running from Bruchsal to Germersheim in the German states of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate. Whilst it was formerly part of a national trunk line ("Magistrale") and handled long-distance traffic; today the line is exclusively worked by local trains.
It takes its name from the Bruhrain, a region in the northwestern part of Karlsruhe district, which it passes through.
Route.
The line is entirely within the Rhine valley and it forms an almost a straight line between Bruchsal and Graben-Neudorf. The two largest engineering structures are the bridge over the Rhine Railway north of Graben-Neudorf and the Rhine bridge between Rheinsheim and Germersheim.
The line runs from Bruchsal through the municipalities of Karlsdorf-Neuthard and Graben-Neudorf. The line runs from Huttenheim to Rheinsheim along the boundaries of the town of Phillipsburg, before finishing at Germersheim. From Bruchsal to the Rhine, the line runs within the district of Karlsruhe. Across the Rhine, the line runs through the district of Germersheim.
History.
Planning, construction and development up to 1900.
A treaty between the Grand Duchy of Baden and the Kingdom of Bavaria authorised the building of a railway line from Bruchsal to Germersheim.
On 15 August 1870, a temporary "war railway" ("Kriegsbahn") was opened between the two towns as a supply line for the Franco-Prussian War, but it was closed on 12 August 1871. Some of it was used for later the Bruhrain Railway, but in other parts its route is used for roads that still exist.
The Bruchsal–Rheinsheim section opened on 23 November 1874. The extension to Germersheim was delayed for a few years, as the military authorities insisted that the bridge should have a location that would not interfere with the line of fire from the fortress of Germersheim. In August 1874, after an agreement was reached regarding the location of the bridge over the Rhine, the plan to extend the line to Germersheim was approved and work began on 9 April 1875.
On 15 May 1877, the gap was closed between Rheinsheim and Germersheim. The Bruhrain Railway was now passable throughout. While only one track was initially operated over the Rhine bridge at Germersheim, a few years later the second track was put in operation.
The Bruhrain Railway was from 1890 used for the first time as part of an inter-regional connection, running on the Bruchsal–Germersheim–Landau–Biebermühle–Zweibrücken–Saarbrücken route. The Lower Queich Valley Railway is now closed between Germersheim and Landau. In addition, long distance trains also ran from that time between Munich and Saarbrücken on the Bruhrain Railway.
Developments until the Second World War.
The long-distance services gained even more importance in 1909, when a grade separated junction was opened between the Bruhrain Railway and the Rhine Railway north of Graben-Neudorf. The old line between Huttenheim and Graben-Neudorf is still recognisable from the road layout and the use of two signal boxes.
Since the weight of trains had increased steadily on the line, it was necessary to strengthen the structure of the bridge over the Rhine. This was done between 1927 to 1930.
In 1938, the operation of long-distance traffic between Saarbrücken and Munich over the Bruhrain Railway was reorganised. The Bruhrain Railway subsequently only carry long-distance freight transport, while the long-distance passenger services ran instead via Karlsruhe and Worth and then continued via Landau and Zweibrücken to Saarbrücken.
In the Second World War several military trains also ran on the line. In the course of the war, the importance of the line increased, as gradually all the bridges over the Rhine—with the exception of the Rhine bridge between Rheinsheim and Germersheim—were blown up by German troops to impede Allied troops crossing the Rhine. Finally, on 24 March 1945, the Rhine bridge between Rheinsheim and Germersheim was also destroyed.
Operations under Deutsche Bahn (since 1945).
As part of war reparations, which Germany had to pay because it lost World War II, the Bruhrain Railway between Graben-Neudorf and Germersheim was reduced to one track. Since the section between Graben-Neudorf and Bruchsal had great importance for rail traffic, it kept its second track. Electrification of this section was completed on 1 June 1958.
From the 1960s there was considerable debate about the reconstruction of the bridge over the Rhine. Opponents of the reconstruction highlighted the small importance of the bridge for traffic, yet approval for the work was announced in 1964. Three years later, on 23 October 1967, the bridge over the Rhine was reopened. However, contrary to expectations, it continued to have no more than regional significance.
At the end of the 1980s, services of regional trains of the Saarbrücken–Zweibrücken–Landau–Karlsruhe route ran for a few weeks on the Bruhrain Railway because the bridge over the Rhine between Karlsruhe and Worth had to be repaired after it had been damaged by a barge and express trains were diverted over the Bruhrain Railway.
In 1994, the Rhine bridge between Rheinsheim and Germersheim was reduced to operations with only one track. At the same time Rheinsheim station was reduced to the status of a halt ("Haltepunkt", that is it has no sets of points). In May 1994, the halt of Graben-Neudorf Nord was opened between Graben-Neudorf station and Huttenheim in order to improve access to the town of Neudorf. From the spring of 2000, the Regional-Express line was introduced on the Mainz–Germersheim–Karlsruhe route every two hours, which travelled over the Germersheim–Graben-Neudorf section of the Bruhrain Railway.
In the course of the upgrade of the line for S-Bahn operations, the Graben-Neudorf-Germersheim section was electrified in 2010 and 2011 and three new stations were built at "Bruchsal Sportzentrum", "Bruchsal Am Mantel" and "Germersheim Mitte". The existing six stations were modernised. The platforms were then raised to a height of 76 cm and extended to a length of 140 m (corresponding, for example, to two class 425 multiple units). At the timetable change on Sunday 11 December 2011, the new S-Bahn services were opened between Germersheim and Bruchsal and integrated into the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn as line S 33.
Operations.
Timetable.
The Bruhrain Railway is listed under table 704 of the Deutsche Bahn timetable. As of May 1994, the Bruhrain Railway also benefited from two improvements to its services: firstly, through the establishment of the Karlsruher Verkehrsverbund (Karlsruhe Transport Association, KVV), which has since managed services on the railway as line R 9; and, secondly, the introduction of the Rhineland-Palatinate integrated regular interval timetable (Rheinland-Pfalz-Takt). Hourly services were introduced under the new timetable, including for the first time since 1945 through trains on Sundays.
S-Bahn services of the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn are operated on the line with class 425 sets, as line S 33, running from Bruchsal to Germersheim, in some cases running through to Mainz. On the Graben-Neudorf–Germersheim section Regional-Express (RE) services run every two hours on the Karlsruhe–Speyer–Germersheim–Mannheim–Worms–Mainz route, also using class 425 multiple units. The only intermediate stop for RE services between Graben-Neudorf and Germersheim is Phillipsburg.
The trip by S-Bahn from Bruchsal to Germersheim takes a total of 30 minutes, a ride on a Regional-Express service from Graben-Neudorf to Germersheim lasts 16 minutes.
Traffic.
The line is electrified. On the Bruchsal–Graben Neudorf section freight services operate towards Kornwestheim marshalling yard in Stuttgart. Freight has decreased significantly in recent decades on the Graben-Neudorf–Germersheim section. Between Philipsburg and Rheinsheim, however, there is a siding to the Philippsburg Nuclear Power Plant, which is served by a few freight trains. On the single track section between Graben-Neudorf and Germersheim the only passing loop is at Philipsburg.
From the early 1990s until the introduction of the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn there were services on the Bruchsal–Germersheim–Ludwigshafen–Mannheim–Heidelberg–Neckargemünd–Meckenheim–Sinsheim–Steinsfurt–Eppingen/Heilbronn route, operated with locomotives of class 218 hauling Silberling carriages. At the end of 2003 these services were abandoned with the opening of the first stage of the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn and services on the Bruhrain Railway stopped at Speyer. With the extension of the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn from Speyer to Germersheim in December 2006, the trains on the Bruhrain Railway only ran as far as Germersheim. Since the integration of the Bruhrain Railway in the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn in December 2011, some services continue past Germersheim.
At the end of 2004, the push–pull trains hauled by class 218 locomotives were replaced with class 628 diesel multiple units. These in turn were replaced in December 2011 by class 425 electric multiple units.
Future.
An extension of the Hardt Railway ("Hardtbahn") services (S 1 and S 11 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn) from Linkenheim-Hochstetten to connect with Phillipsburg station in the Bruhrain Railway has been considered, but seems rather unrealistic in the current circumstances.
It may become necessary to duplicate the western section of the Bruhrain Railway, but no public commitments have been made, although this section is the only single-track section of the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn network and has substantial traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="31177497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177497" title="Trebnji Vrh">
Trebnji Vrh

Trebnji Vrh (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies in the hills south of Semič in the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
