<doc id="31062518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062518" title="Blaming (novel)">
Blaming (novel)

Blaming is the last novel by Elizabeth Taylor. It was first published, posthumously, in 1976.
Amy's husband dies while she is on a cruise, and she is befriended by Martha, an awkward young American writer. "The novel describes Amy's reluctant obligation to this fragile person and her internal narrative attempting to justify the distance she wants to keep. "
Criticism.
The novel has been praised by the writer Jenny Diski : "Everyone in this book lacks a talent for friendship. People either avoid connection or impose themselves. Taylor's acerbic talent is in pitting the power of social cohesion against a nagging individualism. The style is economical and elegant as well as horridly funny." 

</doc>
<doc id="31062547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062547" title="Ellen Harvey">
Ellen Harvey

Ellen Harvey (born 1967, Farnborough, Kent, U.K.) is a Brooklyn based artist working in a variety of media, including painting, video, installation and performance. 
Life and works.
Harvey is a graduate of Harvard University, Yale Law School and attended both the Whitney Independent Study Program and the PS1 National Studio Program. She is the sister of the poet Matthea Harvey.
Harvey has exhibited extensively both in the United States and internationally. She has been the recipient of numerous awards including a Rema Hort Mann Foundation Artist’s Award in 2004, a Philadelphia Exhibitions Initiative Award in 2004, and a Lily Auchincloss Foundation Fellowship from the New York Foundation for the Arts in 2002, among others. She is known for work that uses traditional aesthetics and media in surprising ways to call into question the social or physical situation in which it is placed. She has often stated that her goal is to “seduce people into thinking”. Her work ranges in size from intimate pieces to large scale installations and interventions and public works.
Many of Harvey’s larger institutional installations can be categorized as a form of "institutional critique" that attempt to make visible the desires implicit in particular situations. For "Bad Boy Klimt" in 2002, she decorated the Vienna Secession with graffiti based on Gustav Klimt’s "Beethoven Frieze" which is located in the Secession’s basement. In 2003 for "A Whitney for the Whitney at Philip Morris", she inserted an 80 ft painting consisting of copies of all the images contained in the Whitney Museum of American Art’s catalog of its collection (American Visionaries) into the Whitney Museum at Philip Morris’ gallery.
In 2005, the Pennsylvania Academy of Art, Philadelphia, PA received a grant from the Pew Charitable Trust as part of its Pennsylvania Exhibitions Initiative to produce "Mirror", an installation consisting of a hang-engraved rear-illuminated mirrors and videos that combined to form a 360 degree 12 ft high representation of the Academy’s famous entrance as a ruin. The Academy published a catalog, "Mirror", to accompany the exhibition with texts by Shamim Momin and Alex Baker.
For "The Irreplaceable Cannot be Replaced", as part of “Something from Nothing”, curated by Dan Cameron in 2008, Harvey asked people to send in images (if they had them) or descriptions of things that had been lost to Hurricane Katrina and then selected twelve entries at random to be painted. The paintings and all of the descriptions were exhibited at the New Orleans Contemporary Art Center and at the end of the exhibition the paintings were given to the participants.
Harvey was included in the 2008 Whitney Biennial, for which she exhibited her installation, "Museum of Failure", as well as a site-specific video and a performance piece titled "100 Visitors to the Biennial Immortalized" for which she gave away free 15-minute portraits to visitors in exchange for their evaluations of their portraits.
Recent large projects have been focused on cliches of traditional art production, in particular the picturesque landscape, in projects such as "Observations Concerning the Picturesque", a commission for S.M.A.K., the Municipal Museum of Contemporary Art in Ghent, Belgium in 2009 for which she created a guide to the Citadelpark surrounding the museum, purportedly by William Gilpin, along with a fake archive of his chronologically impossible visit and tours of the park using Claude Glasses produced by artist Alex McKay, the "Rooms of Sublime Wallpaper", two installations produced in 2008 and 2009 in which the viewer sees a painted landscape fractured in a salon-style hanging of angled mirrors and "Ruins are More Beautiful" at the Center for Contemporary Art Ujazdowski Castle, Warsaw, Poland in 2009, for which she covered all the windows of the new Laboratorium gallery with engraved mirrors depicting the surroundings as a ruined wilderness. In "Nudist Museum" at the Bass Museum of Art,
Harvey shifted her focus to the nude, copying every nude in the museum’s collection and hanging the resulting paintings over contemporary images of nudity drawn from the mass media. For Arcadia, a commission for the opening exhibition of the Turner Contemporary, Margate,UK built on the site of Turner’s Margate residence, Harvey created a ¾ scale plywood copy of the London gallery that Turner built to promote his work replacing the paintings that were in it at his death with rear-illuminated mirrors hand-engraved in the style of 18th Century engravings to create a 360 degree panorama of contemporary Margate. The exterior of the gallery featured an amusement arcade sign reading “ARCADIA” and a projection of the Coney Island ocean creating an experience that oscillated between an exhibition and a mirrored fun house, referencing both Turner’s experience of Margate as an arcadian site and Margate’s history as an amusement destination.
Harvey has completed several public art projects including "Look Up Not Down", a mosaic showing the view that would be seen by commuters if they were above rather than below ground, commissioned by MTA Arts for Transit for the Queen’s Plaza subway station in Long Island City, "Carpet", a mosaic of a carpet for the walkway of the Francisco El station, commissioned by the CTA Arts for Transit and "Home of the Stars", a mosaic showing the sun setting over the Bronx and the stars coming out in 15 minute installments commissioned by MTA Arts for Transit for the new Metro-North Yankee Stadium station.
Harvey is represented by DODGEgallery in New York, Locks Gallery in Philadelphia, Meessen de Clercq in Brussels, Belgium, and Galerie Gebruder Lehmann in Berlin & Dresden, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31062551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062551" title="Knob Lick, Estill County, Kentucky">
Knob Lick, Estill County, Kentucky

Knob Lick is an unincorporated community in Estill County, Kentucky, United States. Knob Lick is west-southwest of Irvine.

</doc>
<doc id="31062576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062576" title="Boisea">
Boisea

Boisea is the least speciose genus of the soapberry bug subfamily. Members of this genus are found in North America, India, and Africa. Unlike other serinethine genera, the distribution of "Boisea" is very patchy; it is speculated that its highly vicariant range is relictual of what was previously a much vaster, continuous range. The most well-known species of this genus are the North American boxelder bug (western Boisea rubrolineata and eastern Boisea trivittata) and African Boisea fulcrata. both of which mainly feeds on the seeds of Maple trees and are occasional nuisance pests around homes.
In North America, Boisea trivittata is native to most of the continental United States, excluding Washington, Oregon, and California. Boisea rubrolineata is native to western continental United States.
Exocrene secretions of these bugs have also been extensively studied.

</doc>
<doc id="31062590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062590" title="Art of Rajasthan">
Art of Rajasthan

Maru Gurjara Art () is an ancient Rajasthani art that developed during the early sixth century period in and around Rajasthan.
Etymology.
The name Maru Gurjara has its genesis in the fact that during ancient times, Rajasthan and Gujarat had similarities in ethnic, cultural and political aspects of the society. Ancient name of Rajasthan was "Marudesh" while Gujarat was called "Gurjaratra". "Maru Gurjara Art" literally means "Art of Rajasthan and Gujarat".
Historical Development.
During the early medieval period, perhaps early 5th century, a unique art form was taking shape in and around two areas of western India namely "Marudesh" and "Gurjaratra" ("present day Rajasthan and Gujarat"). During this period "Marudesh" and "Gurjaratra" saw tremendous changes in the political and cultural sphere and these changes lent a helping hand in further development of art. By the onset of seventh century; art of painting and sculpture had reached its zenith in these areas.
Maru-Gurjar Painting.
Colorful tradition of Rajasthanis reflects in art of paintings as well. This painting style is called Maru-Gurjar Painting. It throws light on the royal heritage of ancient Rajasthan. Under the Royal patronage various styles of paintings developed, cultivated and practiced in Rajasthan and reached its pinnacle of glory by 15th to 17th centuries. The major painting styles are "phad paintings", "miniature paintings", "kajali paintings", "gemstone paintings" etc. There is incredible diversity and imaginative creativity found in Rajasthani paintings. Major schools of art are "Mewar", "Marwar", "Kishangarh", "Bundi", "Kota", "Jaipur" and "Alwar".
Development of "Maru-Gurjar Painting"
Phad paintings.
Phad paintings ("Mewar Style of painting") is the most ancient rajasthani art form. Phad paintings, essentially a scroll painting done on cloth, are beautiful specimen of the Rajasthani cloth paintings. These have their own styles and patterns and are very popular due to their vibrant colors and historic themes.The "Phad of God Devnarayan" is largest among the popular Pars in Rajasthan. The painted area of God Devnarayan Ki Phad is 170 square feet (i.e. 34' x 5'). Some other Pars are also prevalent in Rajasthan, but being of recent origin they are not classical in composition. Another famous Par painting is "Pabuji Ki Phad". Pabuji Ki Phad is painted on a 15 x 5 ft. canvas. Other famous heroes of Phad paintings are "Gogaji", "Prithviraj Chauhan", "Amar Singh Rathore" etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31062630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062630" title="Alain Gottvallès">
Alain Gottvallès

Alain Gottvallès (22 March 1942 – 29 February 2008) was a French swimmer, born in Casablanca, Morocco. He was world record holder in 100 metres freestyle in 1964, the first swimmer to complete the distance in less than 53 seconds. 
He participated at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where he placed fifth in 100 metre freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="31062647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062647" title="James Stuart McKnight">
James Stuart McKnight

James Stuart McKnight (died 1950) was a National Guard officer who served in World War I, an attorney and a member of the City Council in Los Angeles, California, in 1931 and 1932.
Biography.
A native of Green Bay, Wisconsin, McKnight was graduated from Los Angeles High School and from the University of Southern California Law School. In March 1919, McKnight was married in Paris, France, to motion picture actress Anita King.
McKnight was known as a sharp dresser. "His clothes are always well pressed, his hanky peeks from the top coat pocket, his glasses are always polished, and his fair hair is always neatly brushed back from his high forehead." McKnight was a Mason.
He died on December 25, 1950, and was buried with military services at Sawtelle Cemetery in West Los Angeles. McKnight was survived by his widow, Velma, and a daughter, also named Velma, and a brother, Robert B. McKnight.
Professional life.
Military.
After earning his law degree from the University of Southern California in 1908, McKnight was associated with Ralph A. Chase in a law practice for ten years. "In 1916 he enlisted in the National Guard and went to Nogales, Arizona, for border duty with the old Seventh Regiment as a lieutenant."
"In March, 1917, he was made a major, and in August he was sent to Camp Kearny with the Third Battalion, becoming first commander of the camp and being in charge until Frederick Smith Strong took command of the division. . . . in July, 1918, Col. McKnight went overseas and attended the School of the Line at Langres, France. Returning to the One Hundred and Sixtieth Infantry he trained officers for a time and was then sent to the front with reserves for the First Army. When the Armistice was signed he was assigned to duty with Herbert Hoover in Paris for service in the American food relief work."
According to his wife, Anita, McKnight was promoted to lieutenant colonel in May 1919 and was retained in an executive capacity in Paris when "the American Relief Administration began to close all its missions and all financial matters were taken over by the United States Grain Corporation."
He was appointed assistant adjutant-general of the California National Guard by Governor William Stephens on November 17, 1919. He later became president of the Los Angeles Infantry Regiment Association but resigned that position under duress when it was charged he had demanded a ten percent cut from a fund-raiser hired by the association. An investigation was undertaken by a board of inquiry and, after fifteen witnesses were heard, at the end McKnight was ordered by his superior, Adjutant-General Boree, to resign. His resignation in 1921 caused him to lose his National Guard rank of colonel; he "was a major in the Federal service before being appointed by the governor." He did, however, use the title of colonel when a member of the American Legion in Long Beach, California, and at other times.
Civilian.
McKnight returned to his law practice in Los Angeles. In June 1930, McKnight represented Mrs. Anna Butcher, a sister of pioneer temperance advocate Carrie Nation in a competence hearing.
In June 1931 McKnight unseated incumbent councilman Ernest L. Webster in a victory in the Third District, which represented "much of Wilshire Boulevard," West Hollywood, Westwood and Sawtelle.
McKnight was one of the six council members who in July 1931 lost a vote to appeal a judge's decision ordering an end to racial restrictions in city-operated swimming pools. The pools had previously been restricted by race to certain days or hours. An appeal would have delayed or ended desegregation.
In April 1933, a jury in Judge Fletcher Bowron's court found him innocent of a criminal charge that he had lied to a grand jury about the renewal of a city contract with a Fontana, California, company for garbage disposal, but in 1934 he and former Councilman Roy Donley were tried on a charge of agreeing to accept a $10,000 bribe to influence their votes on the garbage contract. Both were acquitted.
McKnight lost his seat in the 1933 election to Stephen W. Cunningham, graduate manager of the Associated Students at UCLA. In December 1934, McKnight was found guilty of four counts of mailing "defamatory and libelous matter" about Cunningham through the mail and was sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge to six months in jail, suspended for two years.
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links requires the use of a library card.

</doc>
<doc id="31062681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062681" title="Sharklet (material)">
Sharklet (material)

Sharklet, manufactured by Sharklet Technologies, is a sheet-plastic product with a microscopic texture that impedes the growth of bacteria. It is manufactured for use in hospitals, restaurants, and other places where the potential spread of bacterial infections creates a hazard. Coating surfaces with Sharklet is seen to greatly reduce the growth of bacterial colonies, due solely to the nano-scale structure of the product.
The inspiration of the build of the texture of the coating was made by observing shark skin under microscope. Since sharks do not face biofouling, similar micro-structure in Sharklet repels microbial activity, thus maintaining hygiene.
History/origin.
Sharklet material was discovered by Dr. Anthony Brennan, material science and engineering professor at University of Florida at Pearl Harbor while trying to find new antifouling technology for ships and submarines.
He realized that the only creature in the sea that didn’t foul was the shark and found that shark skin denticles are arranged in a distinct diamond pattern with millions of tiny riblets. The width-to-height ratio that was measured for the shark denticle riblets corresponded to his mathematical model for the roughness of a material that would discourage microorganisms from settling. The first test performed showed an 85% reduction in green algae settlement compared to smooth surfaces.
Resistance to bacterium attachment.
The topography of Sharklet, having “ridge” and “ravine” like qualities, creates mechanical stress on settling bacterium a phenomenon known as mechanotransduction. The theory that nanoforce gradients caused by variations in topographical features will induce stress gradients within the lateral plane of the membrane (plasma membrane) of a settling cell or microorganism during initial contact. This artificially created stress gradient will disrupt normal cell functions of attaching bacterium, therefore forcing the cell/microorganism to provide energy to adjust its contact area on each topographical feature such that the stresses are equal. This expenditure of energy may be thermodynamically unfavorable to the settling cell leaving it to search for a different surface to attach to.

</doc>
<doc id="31062705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062705" title="Geeta Novotny">
Geeta Novotny

Geeta Novotny (born Geeta Bhatnagar) is an American mezzo-soprano, actor, published writer and columnist. As a classical singer, Novotny has performed principal roles nationally with opera companies and symphony orchestras from the stages of New York City's Carnegie Hall and the American Ballet Theatre at the Metropolitan Opera to the stages of the Los Angeles Opera and the Aspen Music Festival. Novotny has sung lead vocals on film soundtracks and has a career as a principal stage and film actor. She is also a project leader and roster artist for the charitable organization Sing For Hope. Novotny is an artist on the David Lynch Foundation Music Online Record Label which released an exclusive audio and video track of Novotny performing the beautiful classic song, the Gounod/Bach "Ave Maria" - with Andy Summers, the guitarist of the band The Police on electric guitar.
Novotny has been chosen to be a launching artist with the David Lynch Foundation Music Online Record Label. The David Lynch Foundation was born from David Lynch, the well-known director, writer, and producer whose credits include such films as "Mulholland Drive" and the television series "Twin Peaks". The label has launched through the "Download for Good" campaign through Pledge Music which includes exclusive, previously unreleased tracks from musical artists donated to DLF Music in support of the mission of the David Lynch Foundation.
DLF Music has released an exclusive audio and video track of Novotny performing the Gounod / Bach "Ave Maria" with Andy Summers, the guitarist of the band The Police on electric guitar. Novotny and Summers have launched the DLFM Label with these other luminary artists: Maroon 5, Moby, Neon Trees, Peter Gabriel, Ozomatli, Iggy Pop, Ben Folds, Arrested Development, Tom Waits, Slightly Stoopid with Don Carlos, Salman Ahmad featuring Valerie Geffner, Carmen Rizzo with Grant-Lee Phillips, Heather Nova, Mary Hopkin, Au Revoir Simone and Dave Stewart. All funds raised from these downloads will go to support the work of DLF in their global outreach, including teaching stress-reducing, health-promoting meditation to one million at-risk youth and 10,000 veterans with Posttraumatic stress disorder.
Early life and education.
Novotny is the progeny of a South Asian Indian father and an American-Irish mother who both excelled in careers in the medical field. Interestingly, "Geeta" means "Song" in Hindi. Novotny was born in St. Louis, Missouri and was raised in the rural Western Pennsylvania town of Brookville. Novotny is the middle child of two siblings. Her older sister Dana Bhatnagar-Vachharajani, also a classical singer, now owns and operates her own music teaching studio, Dana V. Music in Louisville, Colorado. Her younger brother, Vimal Bhatnagar], is an attorney.
Novotny started studying piano when she was just 4 years old, and then added violin at 7 where she studied the Suzuki Method with Carol Boland at Clarion University. She then went on to study classical violin and fiddling with Kim Thomas of Thomas Music Studio in Sigel, Pennsylvania. Novotny started taking voice lessons when she was 14 from Richard Reed, who was the music teacher and the choral director at Brookville Area High School. And at the age of 16, Novotny began studying voice with Anne Elgar Kopta, New York City Opera soprano and voice professor at Carnegie Mellon University. It was Anne Elgar Kopta who guided Novotny down the path towards classical singing.
Novotny graduated from Brookville Area High School with honors in 1994. While at Brookville Area High School, she played violin in the Brookville Area High School Orchestra, the Clarion University Orchestra, and the Punxsutawney Philharmonic, and was selected and played in the PMEA All State Orchestra through district, and regional, and state competitions.
Novotny was also selected as a chorister for the ACDA Eastern Division Honors Choir. Novotny also sang in the Brookville Area High School concert, jazz, and show choirs, and also played percussion in the concert, jazz, and marching bands.
In 1992, as a high school sophomore honors student, Novotny was selected as an ambassador to represent Brookville Area High School at the Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership Conference of Pennsylvania.
In 1998, Novotny graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Vocal Performance from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, PA, where she was a two-time recipient of the Harry G. Archer Award Scholarship and the Charlotte Black Memorial Scholarship. She studied voice with Anne Elgar Kopta and performed under the baton of Dr. Robert Page in the roles of: The Third Lady in "The Magic Flute", Ottavia in "L'incoronazione di Poppea", Vera Boronel in "The Consul", and Nun II in "Suor Isabella", having the opportunity to work with directing talents such as: Stephen Schwartz, Elizabeth Bachman, Rhoda Levine, Dorothy Danner, Peter Frisch, Greg Lehane, and Janet Bookspan.
In 1999, Novotny went on to pursue her Master of Music in Vocal Performance at the University of North Texas where she was awarded a full teaching fellowship. She studied voice with Dr. Linda Di Fiore and coached under Harold Heiberg. She performed under the baton of Dr. Steven Dubberly and the direction of Paula Homer in the roles of Rebecca Nurse in "The Crucible", Margot in the ballet "The Merry Widow", and the Prioress in "Dialogues of the Carmelites".
During the summers of 2000 and 2001, Novotny studied and performed at the Aspen Music Festival; studying voice with Irene Gubrud and coaching under William Hobbs and Sylvia Plyler. While also working under the direction of Edward Berkeley and Garnett Bruce, while singing under the baton of James Conlon and David Zinman.
In the summers of 1995 and 1997, Novotny also performed and studied with the American Institute of Musical Studies (AIMS) in Graz, Austria, where she was a finalist in the AIMS International Meistersinger Competition under the baton of Cornelius Eberhardt.
Novotny has also studied voice with Fred Carama. She studied acting with David Nathan Schwartz and with the Howard Fine Acting Studio under Laura Gardner.
Career highlights.
2010 to present.
Novotny is a winner of the 2010 Beverly Hills Chamber Music Auditions which has led her to being contracted for solo recital engagements around Southern California.
Thus far in 2011, Novotny has performed concerts at venues such as The Music in the Mansion Recital Series at the historical Beverly Hills Greystone Mansion and The Previews Concerts Series in Manhattan Beach, California, and at California State University at Bakersfield.
Novotny performed as a featured soloist in Mendelssohn's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" with the Bakersfield Symphony Orchestra and the Bakersfield Masterworks Chorale under the baton of John Farrer.
Upcoming in 2011, Novotny will also be headlining at a concert at the Musical Instrument Museum (MIM) in Phoenix, Arizona.
2009 to 2010.
Highlights from Novotny's performance season include performing as the alto soloist in Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 and performing as a featured soloist in a concert of music Music from the French Revolution both with the Bakersfield Symphony Orchestra.
Also in that season, Novotny generated much buzz for her portrayal of Carmen with the Intimate Opera under the baton of Kristof Van Gryspeer and the direction of Mark Lamanna.
2007 to 2008.
Highlights from Novotny's performance season include performing as a featured soloist as the character of Magdalene in Splendor of Wagner with the Bakersfield Symphony Orchestra, the Roswell Symphony Orchestra, and the Santa Maria Philharmonic. She also performed the title role in the Handel opera "Flavio" with Pocket Opera in San Francisco.
That same year, Novotny garnered significant reviews performing the title role in "Carmen" alongside tenor Christopher Campbell as Don José, with the Bakersfield Symphony Orchestra, the Roswell Symphony Orchestra, and the Santa Maria Philharmonic under the baton of John Farrer.
In 2008, Novotny reprised her Carmen with Christopher Campbell as Don José, along with pianist Victoria Kirsch and flutist Pamela Vliek Martchev for concerts with the Trinity Lutheran Manhattan Beach Concert Series and the RHUMC Concert Series in Southern California.
Also that year, Novotny performed as a featured soloist for the annual Holiday Concert at the Hearst Castle under the auspices of the Pacific Repertory Opera.
That same year, Novotny produced and sang the theme song, accompanied by violinist Andrea Hammond, for the soundtrack for the penultimate edit of the documentary film "Nancy Kwan – " produced by Brian Jamieson and Redwind Productions.
2005 to 2006.
In 2006 Novotny completed her third consecutive year with the Los Angeles Opera portraying the lead female role of Rosina in their nationally acclaimed tour of "Figaro's American Adventure", an original children's adaptation of the opera "The Barber of Seville". This production gained national recognition when chosen as a feature on ABC News' "Nightline". Novotny believes in the paramount responsibility of keeping classical music alive through educational and community outreach. When interviewed by "Nightline"'s journalist Dave Marash, Novotny remarked of this production, "They (the children) are engrossed in the show…if you build upon teaching these children art and different forms of art at a young age, they'll develop a taste for it when they're older. And we hope that we're looking at our future audience.". In 2005, Novotny made her mainstage principal role debut with the Los Angeles Opera as the Third Noble Orphan in "Der Rosenkavalier". This production was conducted by Kent Nagano and directed by the Academy Award-winning actor Maximilian Schell.
That same year, Novotny sang the theme song and lead vocal solos for the soundtrack of the film "Shanghai Red" starring Vivian Wu and Richard Burgi, with original music composed by Randy Miller and produced and directed by Oscar Luis Costo and MARdeORO Films. "Shanghai Red" received rave reviews as an official selection for the Montreal World Film Festival (2006), the Santa Barbara International Film Festival (2007), the Newport Beach Film Festival (2007), and was in competition for the Jin Jue Award at the Shanghai International Film Festival (2007).
Also in these years, Novotny's endeavors as an actor included starring in three independent films: "Mended Spectacle", "A Mellow Apple", and "A.S.K.". She has also performed off-Broadway as a principal actor and music composer with the South Asian Rasa Theater Company at the Theatre Row Theater in New York City under artistic direction of actor and singer Manu Narayan. A review of their inaugural production of Eugene O'Neill's 1914 one-act play "Abortion" stated: "Adding to the Asian atmosphere was the seductive and original Indian music composed and sung by Geeta Bhatnagar.".
2002 to 2004.
Since making her solo debut at Carnegie Hall in 2002 as a featured soloist in Mendelssohn's "A Midsummer Night's Dream", Novotny has had the opportunity to sing with several symphony orchestras throughout the United States.
Some highlights include performances as the alto soloist, along with her soprano sister, Dana Bhatnagar-Vachharajani, in Mozart's Requiem with the Pro Arte Chorale and the Haddonfield Symphony (2004). Prior to that, Novotny made her New Jersey Symphony Orchestra debut as a featured soloist in "Much Ado About Shakespeare". These performances she reprised with her sister, and the Emmy Award-nominated actress Claire Bloom as the narrator; performing as the soloists in Mendelssohn's "A Midsummer Night's Dream"; along with performing the vocal solos of: Thomas Arne's Three Shakespeare Songs and Chilcot's "Orpheus With His Lute". They performed under the baton of Nicholas McGegan and were accompanied by The Women of the Pro Arte Chorale.
Novotny and her sister were the Grand Prize Winners of the 2003 International Young Artist Peninsula Music Festival Competition in Palos Verdes, California.
For Novotny and her sister, this achievement had been an addition to the above-mentioned honor of their Carnegie Hall debuts as the featured soloists in Mendelssohn's "A Midsummer Night's Dream". In these performances Jaime Laredo conducted the New York String Orchestra and the Young People's Chorus of New York City, along with Claire Bloom as the narrator. The Sisters first performed this work with Claire Bloom at the Aspen Music Festival with the Aspen Chamber Symphony under the baton of David Zinman.
In 2003, Novotny performed as the mezzo-soprano soloist with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, under the baton of Ormsby Wilkins, with the American Ballet Theatre at the Metropolitan Opera House in Frederick Ashton's ballet "The Dream".
That same year, Novotny performed the role of Maddalena in "Rigoletto" with the Amarillo Opera.
In 2002, Novotny completed the apprenticeship with the Utah Opera where she toured extensively under the coaching of Jeremy Frank and the direction of Patricia Wienmann and Douglas Kinney-Frost.
Prior to that, she met notable praise for her performances as the First Prioress in "Dialogues des Carmélites" with the Aspen Opera Theater Center under the baton of James Conlon and the direction of Edward Berkeley.
That same year, Novotny performed the title role in Rossini's "La Cenerentola" with the Fort Worth Touring Opera.
Other performance experience.
Novotny's other roles include Le Mort in Stravinsky's "Le rossignol" under the baton of Julius Rudel and the direction of Garnett Bruce with the Aspen Opera Theater Center; and Mrs. Nolan in "The Medium' with the 92nd Street Y in New York City.
Her musical theatre roles include: Anita in "West Side Story", Mrs. Jones in "Street Scene", Dolly in "Hello Dolly!", Baroness Schrader in the "The Sound of Music", and Lucinda in "Into the Woods".
She has also performed as the alto soloist in oratorio works such as: Vivaldi's Gloria, Handel's "Messiah", the Bach Magnificat, the Mozart Coronation Mass, Libby Larsen's "Eleanor Roosevelt", and has been a featured soloist with Pittsburgh's, River City Brass Band.
Novotny and her sister, Dana, comprise the vocal duo The Bhatnagar Sisters. They have headlined several recitals throughout the U.S. and successfully released their first CD in 2002 entitled "Duets". This duo performs everything from opera and art song to musical theatre, pop, and jazz works.
Journalist and teacher.
Novotny is also a published writer as she was a music columnist and contributing writer for the New York City-based magazine "The Indian American" from 2006 to 2009.
Novotny is also a much sought-after voice teacher whose students include and have included celebrity talents to inner-city children. Novotny has also taught for numerous performing arts schools around the country.
Charitable endeavors.
Sing For Hope.
As an important compliment to her performance career, Novotny donates her time and talent for humanitarian causes. Besides being an artist for the David Lynch Foundation Music, she is a project leader and roster artist for the charitable organization Sing For Hope which was co-founded by opera singers Monica Yunus and Camille Zamora. Novotny has sung under the auspices of Sing For Hope for concerts honoring for the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner Dr. Muhammad Yunus; and for the 2008 Fortune Most Powerful Women's Summit.
As the West Coast Project Leader for Sing For Hope, Novotny arranged a benefit concert for Sing For Hope in partnership with the 2010 International Women's Festival in Santa Barbara helmed by Patty DeDominic. The concert featured talents such as renowned singer, composer, and double violinist, Gingger Shankar, tabla player Jas Ahluwalia, tenor Daniel Montenegro, and pianist Jeremy Frank.

</doc>
<doc id="31062712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062712" title="Brian Leauma">
Brian Leauma

Brian Leauma (born 11 July 1978) is a Samoan rugby footballer who represented his country in rugby league at the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Leauma attended Lithgow High in Lithgow, New South Wales. In 1995 and 1996 he played for the Australian Schoolboy's.
In 1997 Leauma played for the Junior Kiwis.
In 1998 Leauma played one National Rugby League game for the Penrith Panthers.
He was named in the Samoan squad for the 2000 World Cup and played in all four matches for Samoa.
In 2001 Leauma switched to rugby union and played for the New South Wales Waratahs.

</doc>
<doc id="31062720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062720" title="2011 WNBA All-Star Game">
2011 WNBA All-Star Game

The 2011 WNBA All-Star Game was played on July 23, 2011 (3:30pm EDT on ABC) at the AT&T Center in San Antonio, Texas, home of the San Antonio Silver Stars. The game was the 10th WNBA All-Star Game, which has been held annually since 1999 except in 2004, 2008, and 2010. This was the first time San Antonio hosted the basketball showcase, and only the second time in league history for the game to be held by a Western Conference franchise.
In a game that saw neither team lead by more than 5 points, the Eastern Conference won 118–113 for only their third victory in 10 tries. Swin Cash of the Seattle Storm, who had 21 points and 12 rebounds in a losing effort, was named game MVP for the second time; only Lisa Leslie had previously earned multiple All-Star Game MVP awards.
The game also saw a record of 10 players (11 counting the injured Candace Parker) make their debuts on a WNBA All-Star team—however, five of these players had appeared in the Stars at the Sun game in 2010, which is not considered an All-Star Game.
The Top 15.
At halftime, the WNBA announced its list of the top 15 players in the 15 seasons of the league. The honorees were elected in balloting by fans, national media, and current players and coaches. Named to the team were:

</doc>
<doc id="31062722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062722" title="Tell It Like It Is (Billy Joe Royal album)">
Tell It Like It Is (Billy Joe Royal album)

Tell It Like It Is is the seventh studio album by American country music artist Billy Joe Royal. It was released on January 31, 1989 via Atlantic Records. The album peaked at number 15 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31062758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062758" title="Ekma (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Ekma (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Ekma (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 113 Ekma (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Ekma and Lahladpur community development blocks; Mohmmadpur, Bhajouna Nachap, Bhalua Bujurg, Mobarakpur, Matiyar, Chephul and Gobrahi gram panchayats of Manjhi CD Block.
Ekma (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 19 Maharajganj (Lok Sabha constituency).
Election results.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Manoranjan Singh of JD(U) won the Ekma assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Kameshwar Kumar Singh of RJD.

</doc>
<doc id="31062766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062766" title="Mike Lockwood Memorial Tournament">
Mike Lockwood Memorial Tournament

The Mike Lockwood Memorial Tournament was a professional wrestling memorial event produced by the New Breed Wrestling Association (NBWA) promotion, which took place on March 18, 2005 at ZB Falcons in South Bend, Indiana. It was the second of two memorial shows held in memory of Mike Lockwood, who committed suicide at his home in Navarre, Florida on November 6, 2003, with a first show run by Pro Wrestling Iron, the Mike Lockwood Memorial Show, in Lathrop, California two years earlier. Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card, with one including championships.
Michael Modest won the tournament by winning three matches at the event. Over the course of the evening, he defeated Dustin Thomas in the quarter-finals, the Shark Boy in the semi-finals and Jamie Noble in the final match. In addition to the tournament, the main event was a standard wrestling match for the NBWA Heavyweight Championship between the champion, Nigel McGuiness, and the challenger, B.J. Whitmer, in which Whitmer won the championship.
Results.
March 18, 2005 in South Bend, Indiana (ZB Falcons)
Tournament brackets.
This was a one-night tournament which took place on March 18, 2005. The tournament brackets were:

</doc>
<doc id="31062769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062769" title="The Singletons">
The Singletons

The Singletons are a singing gospel group born and raised in Lansing, Michigan. They were discovered by Fred Hammond while he was touring with his label mate Marvin Sapp.
History.
In 1958 their father Bishop Singleton was called by God to preach in Los Angeles, California at The Greater Bethlehem Temple Church. He founded and organized two other churches in that state: Bethlehem Temple Church and Bethlehem Temple Church of Harbor City. Since 1972 he’s been the pastor at The Bread House Bethlehem Temple Church located in Lansing, Michigan. Since 1974, he has served as the diocesan bishop for the State of Michigan and was the treasurer of the PCAF (Pentecostal Churches of The Apostolic Faith), and senior bishop on the Board of Bishops. The Bishop has been preaching over 60 years; married to the late Elizabeth Hawkins-Singleton for over 50 years. Through this marriage they are the proud parents of 12 children: Belinda, Ora, Patricia, Alfred Jr., Terrance, Verona, Debra, Andrea, Aaron, Camila, Frank and Catrese. He remarried in 2008 to First Lady Antoinette Singleton, they have 29 grandchildren and 10 great-grand children .
The foundation of the Singleton's music comes from the apostolic teachings and preaching of their father. Their passion for music started around the piano at Thanksgiving dinners and continued through decades. They began singing in church choirs, praise teams and evolving family groups. The Singletons commitment for singing is to uplift the name of Jesus Christ
and will share this ministry not only in song, but more through deed.
Biography.
Originally composed of three sisters, Camilla, Catrice and Andrea; the group began singing in the 1990s by the name of The Singleton Sisters. They caught the attention of gospel singer Marvin Sapp who was looking for a singing group to sing background on his tour in 2000. While working with Sapp, the Singletons received their first exposure to national Gospel audiences. They were signed by Fred Hamond who worked on their debut CD, "Pour Out Your Holy Spirit". The Singletons were the featured artist on his label F. Hammond Music label which sold over 200,000 copies.The CD landed on the Gospel Top 40 and in 2006, the group then released their follow-up CD "Better Than That".
Track listing.
Pour Out Your Holy Spirit
1. Hallelujah
2. Let's Bring Him In
3. Soles Of My Feet
4. Hope Now In Him
5. Pour Out Your Holy Spirit
6. Wait
7. A Season Of Change
8. Hold On
9. Fight On
10. I'll Worship You All Of My Days
11. Surrender
12. Wait (street mix)
Better Than That
1. Dance In The Spirit
2. You're Welcome Here
3. Created To Worship You
4. Nobody Like Him
5. Better Than That
6. Give Him Praise "featuring" Kirk Franklin
7. For Me
8. Keep Holdin' On To Me
9. Worthy To Be Praised
10. I Need You
11. Savior, Lord And King
Producer.
Fred Hammond is the producer of both of the Singleton's CD's. Hammond was born in Texas in 1960, but grew up in Detroit, Michigan with his four siblings. His mother was a musician and was vital in steering him in a musical direction. By the age of 12, he was singing in his mother's choir. In 1982, he combined some of his friends to form the gospel singing group Commissioned, 1985–94; solo artist, record producer, 1985-; video performer, 1988-; television performer, 1988-; performer in television commercials, bass guitar player, Grammy Award, GMA Dove Award and Stellar Award winner. He owns his own production company, Face to Face Productions and music label F. Hammond Music label.

</doc>
<doc id="31062771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062771" title="Manjhi (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Manjhi (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Manjhi (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 114 Manjhi (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Jalalpur community development block; Sitalpur, Tajpur, Bareja, Madan Sath, Ghorhat, Dumari, Jaitpur, Inayatpur, Nasira, Baleshra, Daudpur, Lejuar, Bangara, Sonbarsa, Marhan, Manjhi East Part, Manjhi West Part and Kouru-Dhouru gram panchayats of Manjhi CD Block; Karhi, Manikpura and Lauwa Kala gram panchayats of Baniapur CD Block.
Manjhi (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 19 Maharajganj (Lok Sabha constituency).
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Gautam Singh of JD(U) won the Manjhi assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Hem Narayan Singh of RJD. Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Gautam Singh of JD(U) defeated Ravindra Nath Mishra of Congress in October 2005 and February 2005. Ravindranath Mishra, Independent, defeated Gautam Singh of SAP in 2000. Budhan Prasad Yadav of Congress defeated Ram Bahadur Singh of SJP(R) in 1995. Hazari Singh of JD defeated Budhan Prasad Yadav of Congress in 1990. Budhan Prasad Yadav, Independent, defeated Hazari Singh of JP in 1985. Rameshwar Dutta Sharma of Congress defeated Ram Bahadur Singh of Janata Party (JP) in 1980. Ram Bahadur Singh of JP defeated Rameshwar Dutta Sharma of Congress in 1977. 

</doc>
<doc id="31062785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062785" title="Baniapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Baniapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Baniapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 115 Baniapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Baniapur (except Karhi, Manikpura and Lauwa Kala gram panchayats) and Mashrakh community development blocks.
Baniapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 19 Maharajganj (Lok Sabha constituency).
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Kedar Nath Singh of RJD won the Baniapur assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Virendra Kumar Ojha of JD(U). Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Manoranjan Singh of representing JD(U) defeated Uma Pandey of Congress in October 2005. Manoranjan Singh of representing Lok Janshakti Party/ Independent defeated Ram Bahadur Rai of RJD in February 2005 and 2000. Ram Bahadur Rai of JD/ Janata Party (JP) defeated Uma Pandey of Congress in 1995 and 1990. Uma Pandey of Congress defeated Ram Bahadur Rai, Independent, in 1985 and Rama Kant Pandey of BJP in 1980. Rama Kant Pandey of JP defeated Uma Pandey of Congress in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062805" title="Frankie Hewitt">
Frankie Hewitt

Frankie Hewitt (June 17, 1931 - February 28, 2003) was an American theater producer and founder of the Ford's Theatre Society, responsible for restoring and reopening the historic site as a working theater. 
Early life and career.
Born Frankie Teague in Roger Mills County, Oklahoma, she was women's editor of the "Napa Daily Register" from 1949 to 1951 and later worked for the California Institute for Social Welfare (1954-55), the National Institute for Social Welfare (1956-58), the US Senate Subcommittee to Investigate Juvenile Delinquency (1959-61), and the US mission to the United Nations (1961-63) under Ambassador Adlai Stevenson. She founded the Ford's Theatre society in 1967 and the theater reopened with a production of "John Brown's Body" by Stephen Vincent Benet on February 12, 1968. She produced over 150 shows and network television specials at the theater. For her work with the theater she was awarded a 2002 National Humanities Medal. 
Personal life.
Her second marriage was to "60 Minutes" producer Don Hewitt until their divorce in 1974. She had two daughters: Lisa Gabrielle Hewitt Cassara, the coordinating producer of the syndicated television show "A Current Affair"; and Jilian Childers Hewitt, from her first marriage to Bob Childers.

</doc>
<doc id="31062807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062807" title="Taraiya (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Taraiya (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Taraiya (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 116 Taraiya (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following:Taraiya, Panapur and Ishuapur community development blocks.
Taraiya (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 19 Maharajganj (Lok Sabha constituency).It was earlier part of Chapra (Lok Sabha constituency). 
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Janak Singh of BJP won the Taraiya assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Tarakeshwar Singh of Congress. Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Ram Das Rai of RJD defeated Janak Singh of BJP in October 2005. Janak Singh of LJP defeated Ram Das Rai of RJD in February 2005. Ram Das Rai of RJD/ JD defeated Janak Singh of BJP in 2000 and 1995. Raj Deo Pratap Singh of JD defeated Ram Das Rai of BJP in 1990. Ram Das Rai of BJP defeated Rajendra Singh Kashyap of Congress in 1985. Prabhunath Singh of Congress defeated Ram Das Rai of BJP in 1980. Dharam Nath Singh of JP defeated Prabhunath Singh of Congress in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062811" title="Fritz Arndt (soldier)">
Fritz Arndt (soldier)

Fritz Arndt (1 June 1910 – 12 March 2003) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a one of only four conscripted soldiers to receive the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="31062815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062815" title="2011 Suwon Samsung Bluewings season">
2011 Suwon Samsung Bluewings season

The 2011 Suwon Samsung Bluewings season was Suwon Samsung Bluewings's sixteenth season in the K-League in Republic of Korea. The club is competing in the K-League, League Cup, Korean FA Cup and AFC Champions League.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 23 November 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31062823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062823" title="Marhaura (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Marhaura (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Marhaura (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 117 Marhaura (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Marhaura and Nagra community development blocks.
Marhaura (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 20 Saran (Lok Sabha constituency).It was earlier part of Chapra (Lok Sabha constituency). 
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Jitendra Kumar Rai of RJD won the Marhaura assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Lal Babu Ray of JD(U). Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Lal Babu Ray, Independent, defeated Jitendra Kumar Rai of JD(U) in October 2005 and Yadu Banshi Ray of RJD in February 2005. Yadubanshi Rai of RJD/ JD defeated Surendra Sharma of SAP/ Independent, in 2000 and 1995. Surendra Sharma, Independent, defeated Yadubanshi Rai of JD. Bhishma Prasad Yadav of Congress defeated Ram Deo Singh of JP in 1985 and Amar Kumar Pandey, Independent, in 1980. Surya Singh of JP defeated Bhishma Prasad Yadav of Congress in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062838" title="Chapra, Saran (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Chapra, Saran (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Chapra (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () (pronounced Chhapra) is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 118 Chapra (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Chhapra municipality and Naini, Fakuli, Karinga, Sadha, Mouna, Tenua and Barhara Mahaji gram panchayats of Chapra community development block; Rivilganj CD Block.
Chapra (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 20 Saran (Lok Sabha constituency).It was earlier part of Chapra (Lok Sabha constituency).
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Janardan Singh Sigriwal of BJP won the Chapra assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Pramendra Ranjan Singh of RJD. Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Ram Pravesh Rai of JD(U) defeated Udit Rai of RJD in October 2005 and February 2005. Udit Rai of RJD defeated Rambabu Ray of BJP in 2000. Udit Ray of JD defeated Janak Yadav of Congress in 1995. Udit Rai, contesting as an Independent, defeated Janak Yadav representing JD in 1990. Janak Yadav, Independent, defeated Mithilesh Kumar Singh representing Congress in 1985. Janak Yadav of Janata Party (Secular – Charan Singh) defeated Mithilesh Kumar Singh representing Janata Party (JP) in 1980. Mithilesh Kumar Singh of JP defeated Janak Yadav, Independent, in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062841" title="Greatest Hits (Billy Joe Royal album)">
Greatest Hits (Billy Joe Royal album)

Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by American country music artist Billy Joe Royal. It was released on February 12, 1991 via Atlantic Records. The album peaked at number 32 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31062856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062856" title="Garkha (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Garkha (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Garkha (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. It is reserved for scheduled castes.
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 119 Garkha (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (SC) is composed of the following: Garkha community development block; Badlu Tola, Lohari, Purwi Telpa, Sherpur, Bishunupura, Khalpura Bala, Maharajganj, Chirand, Jalalpur, Bhairopur Nijamat, Dumari, Musepur, Raipur Bingawa and Kotwa Patti Rampur gram panchayats of Chapra CD Block.
Garkha (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (SC) is part of No. 20 Saran (Lok Sabha constituency).It was earlier part of Chapra (Lok Sabha constituency). 
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Gyan Chand Manjhi of BJP won the Garkha assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Muneshwar Chaudhary of RJD. Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Gyan Chand Manjhi of BJP defeated Raghunandan Manjhi of Congress in October 2005. Raghunandan Manjhi, Independent, defeated Muneshwar Chaudhary of RJD in February 2005. Muneshwar Chaudhary of RJD defeated Amrit Chaudhary of SAP in 2000. Muneshwar Chaudhary of JD defeated Raghunandan Manjhi of Congress in 1995. Muneshwar Chaudhary, Independent, defeated Amrit Chaudhary of JD in 1990. Raghunandan Manjhi of Congress defeated Ram Sunder Das of JP in 1985 and Amrit Chaudhary of Janata Party (Secular – Charan Singh) in 1980. Muneshwar Chaudhary of JP defeated Raghunandan Manjhi of Congress in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062857" title="Karl Chandler">
Karl Chandler

Karl Chandler is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for six seasons for the New York Giants and Detroit Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="31062872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062872" title="Islington Museum">
Islington Museum

Islington Museum is a public museum dedicated to the history of the London Borough of Islington
History.
Islington Museum opened in May 2008, funded by a £1million grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund. The museum, which replaced a previous museum at Islington Town Hall, is owned and operated by Islington Council. It is located in the basement of Finsbury Library.
Collections.
The museum houses a gallery covering nine themes on local and social history: childhood, food and drink, fashion, leisure, healthcare, radicals, caring, home and wartime. Amongst the items on display are a bust of Vladimir Lenin, who lived and worked in Clerkenwell, and some of the book covers defaced by Joe Orton and Kenneth Halliwell.
Exhibitions and events.
The museum has a regular programme of temporary exhibitions, including visiting displays and displays from its own collections. The museum also hosts talks, walks and children's events.
There is also an education room which is used for visits by schools and other groups.
Admission and access.
Admission is free. The museum is fully accessible for wheelchair users but there is no accessible parking. An induction loop is available.

</doc>
<doc id="31062877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062877" title="Amnour (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Amnour (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Amnour (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 120 Amnour (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Amnour and Maker community development blocks; Sobhepur, Pachrukhi, Bheldi, Pachalakh, Chandpura and Saguni gram panchayats of Parsa CD Block.
Amnour (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 20 Saran (Lok Sabha constituency).
Election results.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Krishana Kumar of JD(U) won the Amnour assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Sunil Kumar, Independent.

</doc>
<doc id="31062880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062880" title="Jack Martin (American football)">
Jack Martin (American football)

Jack Martin was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Los Angeles Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="31062882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062882" title="The Drinker">
The Drinker

The Drinker is a novel by Hans Fallada, first published in 1950.
Fallada began the novel (his third), in 1944, when he was imprisoned in a criminal asylum for the attempted murder of his wife. It is autobiographical, in diary form, and tells the story of a man in the grip of both morphine and alcohol. Beryl Bainbridge called it "both shocking and original". 
References.
the novel does not contain any reminder of morphine, this article requires editing using sources more qualified than the guardian.

</doc>
<doc id="31062886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062886" title="Omni-channel Retailing">
Omni-channel Retailing

Omni-Channel Retailing is the evolution of multi-channel retailing, but is concentrated more on a seamless approach to the consumer experience through all available shopping channels, i.e. mobile internet devices, computers, brick-and-mortar, television, radio, direct mail, catalog and so on. Retailers are meeting the new customer demands by deploying specialized supply chain strategy software. To use all channels simultaneously, and retailers using an omni-channel approach will track customers across all channels, not just one or two. In the brick-and-mortar
channel, digitally-savvy consumers are entering stores already well-informed about a product’s features and prices, and expect store
employees to know more than they do. 
Using omni-channel retailing while working with the "Connected Consumer", all shopping channels work from the same database of products, prices, promotions, etc. Instead of perceiving a variety of touch-points as part of the same brand, omni-channel retailers let consumers experience the brand, not a channel within a brand. Merchandise and promotions are not channel specific, but rather consistent across all retail channels. The brick-and-mortar stores become an extension of the supply chain in which purchases may be made in the store, but are researched through other "channels" of communication. With omni-channel retailing, marketing is made more efficient with offers that are relative to a specific consumer determined by purchase patterns, social network affinities, website visits, loyalty programs, and other data mining techniques.
Benefit.
A move to omni-channel retailing can create a more knowledgeable consumer, so store employees need to be more knowledgeable about merchandise carried and production processes. There’s a lot of talk today about omni-channel, but a series of underlying factors are driving this experiential change for consumers. As a result, retailers and brands have to reformulate their supply chain strategies to match this paradigm shift in consumer demand. According to IDC Retail Insights, omni-channel shopping “requires providing an immersive and superior customer experience regardless of channel”. Omni-channel retailers carry merchandise that is customer-centric and is not specific to any channel(s). Supply chain visibility is necessary to enable omni-channel sales. 
Up-to-date information.
Real-time data may be necessary when moving towards an omni-channel approach, as socially connected consumers move from one channel to another, expecting their stopping point to be "bookmarked", then allowing them to return through a different retail channel to finish the browsing or purchase process where they had originally left off. A consistent and convenient brand exposure from an omni-channel retailer will create better top of mind awareness from consumers.
Heavy investment.
Preparing for an omni-channel presence will require a heavy investment of both time, and money. Communications between the IT department, marketing department, and sales staff will need to be as smooth as possible with little confusion about goals and strategies. A clear and thorough understanding of the customer, or target market, is required to be able to make appropriate decisions about channel integration and usability. Because brick-and-mortar sales influenced by online search are four times higher than total e-commerce sales, omni-channel retailers need to be informative, personable, always connected and allow channel transparency.

</doc>
<doc id="31062888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062888" title="Cooston, Oregon">
Cooston, Oregon

Cooston is an unincorporated community in Coos County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the east shore of Coos Bay across from North Bend, about eight miles from the city of Coos Bay.
The origin of the name Cooston is the same of that of Coos County, after the Coos people. Cooston post office was established in 1908 and closed in 1939. The post office was named by town founder William E. Homme, who was also the first postmaster. Homme's father was the founder of Wittenberg, Wisconsin. The post office was in Homme's store. Before moving to Cooston, Homme published the "Glendale News" in Glendale.

</doc>
<doc id="31062899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062899" title="Parsa (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Parsa (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Parsa (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 121 Parsa (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Dariapur community development block; Shankardih, Anjani, Banouta, Anyay, Baligaw, Marar, Bahar Marar and Parsouna gram panchayats of Parsa CD Block.
Parsa (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 20 Saran (Lok Sabha constituency). It was earlier part of Chapra (Lok Sabha constituency). 
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 and October 2005 state assembly elections, Chhotelal Rai of JD(U) won the Parsa assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Chandrika Rai of RJD. Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Chandrika Rai of RJD defeated Chhotelal Rai of JD(U) in February 2005 and Ram Nath Vidyarthi of Congress in 2000. Chandrika Rai of JD defeated Ram Nath Vidyarthi of SAP in 1995. Chandrika Rai, Independent, defeated Ram Nath Vidyarthi of CPI in 1990. Chandrika Rai of Congress defeated Ram Nath Vidyarthi of CPI in 1985. Daroga Prasad Rai of Congress defeated Ram Nath Singh of CPI in 1980. Ramanand Prasad Yadav of JP defeated Daroga Prasad Rai of Congress in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062912" title="Ted Drews">
Ted Drews

Ted Drews is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for two seasons for the Chicago Bears and Brooklyn Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="31062914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062914" title="Sonepur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Sonepur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Sonepur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () is an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As per Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly constituencies Order, 2008, No. 122 Sonepur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is composed of the following: Sonepur and Dighwara community development blocks.
Sonepur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 20 Saran (Lok Sabha constituency). It was earlier part of Chapra (Lok Sabha constituency). 
Election results.
1977-2010.
In the 2010 state assembly elections, Vinay Kumar Singh, of BJP won the Sonepur assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Rabri Devi of RJD. Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Ramanuj Prasad of RJD defeated Vinay Kumar Singh of BJP in October 2005 and February 2005. Vinay Kumar Singh of BJP defeated Ramanuj Prasad of RJD in 2000. Raj Kumar Rai of JD defeated Birendra Narayan Singh of Congress in 1995 and 1990. Laloo Prasad of LD defeated Raj Narain Singh of Congress in 1985. Laloo Prasad of Janata Party (Secular – Charan Singh) defeated Jawahar Prasad Singh of Congress in 1980. Ram Sundar Das of JP defeated Rameshwar Prasad Rai, Independent, in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062922" title="Masrakh (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Masrakh (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Masrakh (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () was an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As a consequence of the orders of the Delimitation Commission of India, Masrakh (Vidhan Sabha constituency) ceased to exist in 2010.
Election results.
1977-2005.
In the October 2005 state assembly elections Kedar Nath Singh of JD(U) won the Masrakh assembly seat defeating his nearest rival, Tarakeshwar Singh of Congress. Contests in most years were multi cornered but only winners and runners are being mentioned. Tarakeshwar Singh, Independent/ RJD defeated Kedar Nath Singh of JD(U)/ (Samajwadi Party|SAP) in February 2005 and 2000. Ashok Singh of JD defeated Prabhunath Singh of BPP in 1995. Prabhunath Singh of JD/ Independent defeated Harendra Kishore Singh of Congress in 1990 and 1985. Ram Deo Singh of Congress defeated Kashi Nath Rai of Congress (U) in 1980. Krishnadeo Narain Singh of JP defeated Kashi Nath Rai, Independent, in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062930" title="Methods in Ecology and Evolution">
Methods in Ecology and Evolution

Methods in Ecology and Evolution is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focused on advancing new methodologies in ecology and evolution. It began publication in 2010, and is the youngest journal of the British Ecological Society. "Methods in Ecology and Evolution" is only available online. According to the 2012 "Journal Citation Reports", the journal was ranked 12th out of 136 journals in the category "Ecology".
"Methods in Ecology and Evolution" publishes methodological papers from all areas of ecology and evolution, including statistical and theoretical methods, methods in phylogenetics, and fieldwork methodologies.
As well as publishing research papers, the journal encourages the publication of supplementary material such as computer code, methodological tutorials, and explanatory videos. A regular podcast is produced by the editorial office, in which selected authors are asked to discuss their papers in greater depth.

</doc>
<doc id="31062931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062931" title="Chebyshev pseudospectral method">
Chebyshev pseudospectral method

The Chebyshev pseudospectral method for optimal control problems is based on Chebyshev polynomials of the first kind. It is part of the larger theory of pseudospectral optimal control, a term coined by Ross. Unlike the Legendre pseudospectral method, the Chebyshev pseudospectral (PS) method does not immediately offer high-accuracy quadrature solutions. Consequently, two different versions of the method have been proposed: one by Elnagar et al., and another by Fahroo and Ross. The two versions differ in their quadrature techniques. The Fahroo–Ross method is more commonly used today due to the ease in implementation of the Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature technique (in contrast to Elnagar–Kazemi's cell-averaging method). In 2008, Trefethen showed that the Clenshaw–Curtis method was nearly as accurate as Gauss quadrature.
Other Chebyshev methods.
The Chebyshev PS method is frequently confused with other Chebyshev methods. Prior to the advent of PS methods, many authors proposed using Chebyshev polynomials to solve optimal control problems; however, none of these methods belong to the class of pseudospectral methods.

</doc>
<doc id="31062936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062936" title="Laua language">
Laua language

Laua, also known as Labu, is a language of Papua New Guinea. It is (or was) spoken in the Central Province, north and west of Laua according to Ethnologue. Laua had only one remaining speaker in 1987, making it possibly extinct. The last speaker was registered in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31062937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062937" title="Trams in Messina">
Trams in Messina

The Messina tramway () is a tramway forming part of the public transport system in Messina, a city and "comune" in the region of Sicily, Italy.
In operation since 2003, the tramway is long, and comprises one line, linking Gazzi with Annunziata.
History.
Trams returned to Messina on 3 April 2003, after a long gestation and construction period. Messina's earlier urban tramway network had been disposed of more than half a century earlier, following the closure of its last line in 1951.
The new tramway line replaced the former bus line no 28.
The southern terminus of the new tramway, at Gazzi, was activated later; initially, the tram stop at Bonino marked the southern end of the line.
Rolling stock.
The tram service is provided by 15 modern 5-element Alstom Cityway articulated trams.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31062938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062938" title="Jalalpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Jalalpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Jalalpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) () was an assembly constituency in Saran district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
Overview.
As a consequence of the orders of the Delimitation Commission of India, Jalalpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) ceased to exist in 2010.
Election results.
1977-2005.
In October 2005 and February 22005 Janardan Singh Sigriwal of BJP won the Jalapur assembly seat defeating his nearest rival Balagul Mobin of RJD. Janardan Singh Sigriwal, Independent, defeated Ramjan Ali of SJP(R) in 2000. Abhay Raj Kishore of CPI defeated Satya Deo Singh of BJP in 1995. Nirmala Singh of Congress defeated Abhay Raj Kishore of CPI in 1990. Sudhir Kumar Singh of Congress defeated Abhay Raj Kishore of CPI in 1985. Kumar Kalika Singh of Congress defeated Madhusudan Singh of BJP in 1980. Pro.Dr. Vameshwar Singh of JP defeated Kumar Kalika Singh of Congress in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31062949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062949" title="Ruby B. DeMesme">
Ruby B. DeMesme

Ruby Butler DeMesme was United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Manpower, Reserve Affairs, Installations and Environment from 1998 to 2001.
Biography.
Ruby B. DeMesme was educated at St. Augustine's College in Raleigh, North Carolina, receiving a B.A. in 1969. She later earned an M.S.W. from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
From 1969 to 1980, DeMesme worked as an executive administrator in the Cumberland County, North Carolina Department of Social Services. In 1980, she joined the United States Department of the Army and spent the next decade working in a number of positions dealing with personnel. From January 1989 to April 1990, she was a United States Office of Personnel Management Congressional Fellow in the Office of Sen. John Glenn (D–Ohio). She then returned to the Department of the Army.
In 1991, DeMesme moved to the United States Department of the Air Force, becoming Assistant Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Health Affairs, and Morale, Welfare, Recreation and Services Program. In February 1993, she became Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Force Management and Personnel, being promoted to full Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Force Management and Personnel in May 1994. On July 6, 1998, President of the United States Bill Clinton announced his intent to nominate DeMesme to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Manpower, Reserve Affairs, Installations and Environment. She was the first African American woman to be appointed to this position. 
DeMesme retired from government service in 2001, joining IBM as Senior Defense Fellow and, later becoming Director of Human Capital Solutions & Defense Practices. In 2005, she joined BearingPoint's Public Services Business Transformation Team. In May 2009, she joined Deloitte as a Senior Executive Advisor/Strategist on Federal Government Human capital Programs and Policies. She is Chairman of the Andrews Federal Credit Union Board, White House Appointee to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services (DACOWITS); member of the Army Science Board, and the UNC-Chapel Hill School of Social work. She is a noted author, mentor, and inspirational speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="31062950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062950" title="Hank Bjorklund">
Hank Bjorklund

Hank Bjorklund was a professional American football player who played running back for three seasons for the New York Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="31062986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062986" title="Fred DeStefano">
Fred DeStefano

Fred DeStefano was a professional American football player who played running back for two seasons for the Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31063019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063019" title="Omar Khorshid">
Omar Khorshid

Omar Khorshid (Arabic: ‏عمر خورشيد) (Born in October 9, 1945 in Cairo, Egypt; died 29. May 1981). Movie star and famed guitarist of the Middle east, he composed the music for thirteen ﬁlms. In 1971 won the Premier Prix at the Film Festival of Tachkand for his music for the ﬁlm "Ebnati El Aziza". 
Khorshid is renowned as one of the greatest guitarist of the Arab world and has accompanied all its leading singers including Umm Kulthum, Abdel Wahab, and Abdul Halim Hafez. 
The Freak of Araby is an album by Sir Richard Bishop, released on May 26, 2009, on the Drag City record label. It includes covers of several songs written by Omar Khorshid.
The late Omar Khorshid remains an iconic legend of the Arab world, though he’s received criminally little international acclaim. Born in Cairo in 1945, the glittering age of Egypt's cultural reinvention, Khorshid was soon to become one of its luminaries and most well-known, if short-lived, voices. He is regarded as the greatest guitarist the Arab world has ever known. By the mid 60s Khorshid was established with his group Le Petit Chats, an Egyptian beat group modeled after the prevailing influence of Elvis and the Beatles. It was at this time that one of the reigning figures of contemporary Arabic music, Abdel Halim Hafez, asked Omar Khorshid to join his orchestra. With Baligh Hamdi composing, Hafez with Khorshid in place would create some of the most innovative modern sounds in the Arabic musical canon.
Time with the Hafez orchestra offered Khorshid instant fame, and it wasn’t long before he was asked to play with the queen of Arab music, the voice of Egypt herself -Oum Kalthoum. Over the next few years Khorshid became a well-established and integral part of the Arab musical landscape. He was featured heavily in live concerts, national TV and radio and studio recordings, playing for the leading artists of the day. The guitar had now become an essential ingredient in the Oriental orchestra.
Khorshid began recording albums under his own name for the prestigious Lebanese record labels Voice Of The Orient and Voice Of Lebanon. Working with visionary engineer Nabil Moumtaz at Polysound studios in Beirut, Khorshid would take his music into some of the most progressive musical terrain of its time. The tracks included here in this retrospective are from the prolific span of Khorshid’s career in Beirut from 1973 to 1977. The venerable Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish best encapsulated this time in Lebanon: “unfortunately, it was paradise”.
Khorshid’s prolific instrumental music enjoyed recognition that transcended class and status during the brief period he shone. It’s a testament to his immense talent and some of the finest guitar music the world has ever heard. 

</doc>
<doc id="31063080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063080" title="Chiseled in Stone (album)">
Chiseled in Stone (album)

Chiseled in Stone is a studio album by American country music artist Vern Gosdin. It was released in 1988 via Columbia Records. The album peaked at number 7 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31063094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063094" title="Mona Pasquil">
Mona Pasquil

Simeona Fortunata "Mona" Pasquil (born April 3, 1962) is an American politician who served as the 47th (acting) Lieutenant Governor of California from November 4, 2009 to April 27, 2010.
Acting lieutenant governor.
On November 3, 2009, California Lieutenant Governor John Garamendi was elected to the United States House of Representatives representing , leaving the office of lieutenant governor vacant. On November 4, 2009, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger appointed Pasquil, Garamendi's Chief of Staff, as acting lieutenant governor pending the confirmation of Abel Maldonado.
Pasquil's appointment marked several firsts for the position: she became California's first Asian lieutenant governor; its first Filipino lieutenant governor; its first female lieutenant governor; and the first California acting lieutenant governor not to succeed to the position from the President pro tempore of the California State Senate.
Other positions.
Pasquil served as John Kerry's political director during his 2004 campaign for the United States presidency.
In the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, she served as a superdelegate supporting Hillary Clinton.
In January 2011, California governor Jerry Brown named her appointments secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="31063136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063136" title="Sankaranum Mohananum">
Sankaranum Mohananum

Sankaranum Mohananum (, English: "Sankaran and Mohanan") is a 2011 Malayalam fantasy/comedy/drama film written and directed by T. V. Chandran. It stars Jayasurya, Meera Nandan and Rima Kallingal in the lead roles. The film is about the strange incidents faced by Mohanakrishnan (Jayasurya) from the ghost of his dead brother Sankaran (also played by Jayasurya). It explores the realm of human relationships in a sensitive manner. While on one hand, it explores the bond between two brothers, on the other, it also highlights the bitter-sweet relationship of a couple. It is regarded as the first mainstream film of T. V. Chandran, who is known for his well-crafted art house films. Jayasurya also dons 20 different appearances in the film.
The film was screened in the "Malayalam Cinema Today" section at the 16th International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK), in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala in 2011.
Plot.
The film is a journey through the minds of Mohanakrishnan, a fashion photographer living in Kochi. He was earlier based in Mumbai, and is separated from his wife, Jyotsna Mathew, a model and an aspiring actor who lives in Mumbai with their child. His older brother Sankaran, is a school teacher in Malabar. Sankaran, in his early forties, gets married to a much younger woman named Rajalakshmi, but he dies of a snake bite the day after the wedding. The ghost of Shankaran haunts Mohanakrishnan from then on. Sankaran's undying love for his wife and also the lack of love in the life of his brother is the reason Sankaran haunts Mohanakrishnan. The ghost appears before Sankaran in various get-ups and what keeps Sankaran going is his eternal devotion toward his wife and brother. Certain strange happenings vex Rajalakshmi also, who seeks help from Sankaran. She doesn't know that the ghost of her husband is behind all these strange incidents.
Production.
Photoshoot of the film was done by popular photographer Mahadevan Thampi at February 23, 2011,
Then the Pooja function was held at the date of February 26, 2011 which the vilakku was lit by Mohanlal and Mammootty. Jayasurya would have 20 makeovers for "Sankaranum Mohananum" being directed by T V Chandran. Perhaps in the history of films, very few actors have had so many makeovers within a single film. "Sankaranum Mohananum" is being filmed under the banner of Prakash Movietone and Ragam Movies.
Reception.
The film met with negative reviews from critics. Veeyen of Nowrunning.com rated the film and said: "The crossover of the director to commercial cinema, if at all it has been attempted, is a total disaster. As much as it remains a fantasy, there is absolutely nothing in the film that would confront your intellect, and there is plenty that would question your intelligence." Sify.com concluded its review saying, ""Sankaranum Mohananum" turns out to be a major disappointment from a noted director like T V Chandran. The film tests your patience in a big way and ends up as a colossal bore, no less. Sad!" Paresh C Palicha of Rediff.com commented that the film is a "funny ghost story gone wrong" and gave a rating of .

</doc>
<doc id="31063143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063143" title="Highgrove Florilegium">
Highgrove Florilegium

The Highgrove Florilegium () is a two-volume book of botanical illustrations recording plants in the garden of Charles, Prince of Wales at Highgrove House in Gloucestershire. The volumes, published in 2008 and 2009, contain watercolours painted by invited leading botanical artists from around the world. The colour plates are reproduced in their original size from watercolour drawings. The publication is a limited edition of 175 sets, each signed by the Prince and all the royalties from the Highgrove Florilegium are donated to The Prince's Charities Foundation. The text is by Christopher Humphries and Frederick J. Rumsey and the preface is by HRH The Prince of Wales. The publisher is Addison Publications, Each set is accompanied by a handmade green felt book cover with maroon ties.
Book production.
Design.
The book contains original sketches of motifs from the garden at Highgrove decorate the text and the end papers. The decorative motifs include plants in the garden, the Princes' tree house, the dove cote and the flock of Indian Runner Ducks.
Printing.
The printing of both the text and the image pages used stochastic lithography in order to create outstanding quality prints from the original watercolours. Stochastic lithography is an advancement in printing technology that can give a better print quality, cleaner more dynamic and accurate colour images, and reduce running waste. Whereas conventional lithography uses half-tone dots of various sizes and spaces these dots at the same distance from each other, stochastic lithography uses microdots of a common size of various spacing according to tonal value. Stochastic screening uses smaller printing dots to create a higher image detail. Tonal ranges and colour contrasts are also improved because the variation in dot distribution increases ink densities. The images were printed on 245 gsm American Cotton paper for the colour plates and on 175 gsm Somerset Bookwove text paper. The text is set in Fairbank and Bembo book types.
Bookbinding.
The books are half-bound in red goatskin with marbled paper boards and sprinkled edges. The pages were collated and sewn by hand. That is, after the text and plate pages were soft folded, holes were punched into them for the sewing needle. Then the pages were sewn and the boards of the book cover were laced on. The collated and sewn books are hand finished with embossed hand tooled leather motifs and gold leaf tooling on the spine.
Marbling.
Each sheet of paper was hand marbled separately using the traditional technique of sprinkling the colours onto a viscous fluid prepared from Carragheen moss and manipulating a pattern in the paint using a stylus. The paper is carefully lowered onto the floating pattern and then lifted, rinsed and hung out to dry. Each pattern on each piece of paper must be controlled to check they are the same.
Artists.
Each plate is signed by the artist and blind embossed to record the copyright of A.G. Carrick Ltd, with the plate and edition numbers added in pencil.
Purchase and display.
The book has been purchased by a range of institutions, including:
Some of these institutions have put the books on display for public exhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="31063162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063162" title="Grammy Nominated (Kitaro)">
Grammy Nominated (Kitaro)

Grammy Nominated is an by new age artist Kitaro. It has 13 tracks from each of his Grammy-nominated albums.

</doc>
<doc id="31063163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063163" title="Alone (Vern Gosdin album)">
Alone (Vern Gosdin album)

Alone is a studio album by American country music artist Vern Gosdin. It was released in 1989 via Columbia Records. The album peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31063165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063165" title="Fishing industry in the Caribbean">
Fishing industry in the Caribbean

Although the West Indies has limited resources in terms of developing a large-scale fishing industry, the value of fish and sea products as a source of food has long been recognized. All Caribbean territories therefore have fishing industries.
Most Caribbean fishermen ply their trade from small boats (4-11 meters). These small craft, often without protection from sun or rain, are forced to remain very close to shore, seldom going more than 16 kilometers offshore.
Methods.
Several methods for catching fish are used:
The method of fishing depends on the type and size of the fish to be caught.
Trawling is used to catch shrimp, carite, snapper and cavali. The main catches from seine and gill nets are king fish, shark and carite. Fish pot catches are red snappers and jacks.
Fishing is a year-round activity in the Caribbean and it directly emoploys thousands of people.
Sales and marketing.
A number of different methods of selling are used in the Caribbean. Most small-scale fishermen take some of the catch for their families and sell the rest at the beach. If there is a delay between catching the fish and eating it, then some form of processing has to take place. Three processing methods that are common in the Caribbean are:
Salting.
The fish is washed, gutted, salted, then dried in the sun, or in a special electrical drying unit. Among fish salted are salt are salmon, shark, grouper and carite.
Smoking.
The fish is washed, gutted. a little salt is added, then it is partly cooked over a smoking fire. Herrings and jacks are normally preserved by this method.
Fresh fish.
The fish is washed, and passed through a machine which coats it with a film of ice. It is then wrapped in foil.

</doc>
<doc id="31063201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063201" title="Stefan Meier">
Stefan Meier

Stefan Meier (November 6, 1889 in Neustadt in the Black Forest; 19 September 1944 in Mauthausen concentration camp) was a German politician (SPD) who was one of the MPs who voted against the adoption of the Enabling Act which formed the legal basis for the establishment of the Nazi dictatorship.
Life and work.
German Empire (1889 to 1919).
After attending elementary school in St. Georgen near Freiburg im Breisgau in the years 1897 to 1904, Stefan Meier was working one year as a farm worker. From July 1905 to December 1908, he took a commercial apprenticeship. In 1906, he joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). From October 1909 to September 1910 Meier was in the military. Then he worked until the First World War in various companies as executive assistant and clerk. Meier fought in the war from August 1914 to November 1918. In July 1915, during the war he became engaged with Emma Hofheinz. The marriage produced a daughter, Margret and sons Huber and Richard.
Weimar Republic (1919 to 1933).
The first political offices which Meier took were in local politics. From May 1919 up until October 1927, he was a city councilor in Freiburg. He also held the post of party secretary of the SPD for the district of Freiburg. In 1922, Meier was a self-employed businessperson. 
In December 1924, Meier was elected to the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic. During the next four legislative sessions (December 1924-November 1932), he represented the 32nd constituency. After his temporary departure from the Reichstag in the election of November 1932, Meier returned in the election of March 1933 to the Berlin parliament, where he saw the final loss of his mandate in June of that year.
Nazi era (1933 to 1944).
In March 1933, Meier was one of 94 MPs who voted against the adoption of the Enabling Act, which formed the legal basis for the establishment of the Nazi dictatorship and was finally passed by a majority of 444 to 94 votes.
From March 1933 to March 1934, Stefan Meier was held captive in "protective custody" at the concentration camp Ankenbuck. After his release, Meier was proprietor of a tobacco shop in Freiburg. In 1939, he served as a driver for the motorized police. In October 1941, Stefan Meier, after denunciation by a neighbor, was arrested again and sentenced by a Special Court of Freiburg Regional Court for undermining military strength or "conspiracy to commit high treason" to three years in prison. Immediately after the completion of his prison term, Stefan Meier was transferred to the Mauthausen concentration camp, where he died in September 1944. The noted cause of death was "acute heart failure". Before his arrest, Stefan Meier did not have a history of heart problems.
Honors and awards.
Memorials for Stefan Meier are today found near his former home in the city Freiburg. Freiburg renamed named the Bismarck Street in honor of Stefan Meier as Stefan-Meier-Strasse (or Stefan Meier Street). In 1989, the city of Freiburg commemorated Meier’s 100th Birthday with an event in the historic council chamber of the Freiburg City Hall. Since 1992, one of the ninety-six Stolpersteine (or Stumbling Stones), which are memorial stones placed in the street in front of the homes of members of parliament murdered by the Nazis, was dedicated to Meier.

</doc>
<doc id="31063217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063217" title="Teddy Boy (disambiguation)">
Teddy Boy (disambiguation)

Teddy Boy is a subculture.
Teddy Boy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31063230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063230" title="10 Years of Greatest Hits">
10 Years of Greatest Hits

10 Years of Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American country music artist Vern Gosdin. It was released in 1990 via Columbia Records. The album peaked at number 21 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31063260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063260" title="Arms &amp; Hammers">
Arms &amp; Hammers

Arms & Hammers is the third studio album by the American hip hop group Strong Arm Steady, released in February 22, 2011, on Blacksmith Records/Element 9. The production was handled by many names, like DJ Khalil, Nottz, Jelly Roll, Blaqthoven and Terrace Martin. Madlib, who produced the entirety of their last album, contributed just one track, the sequel of ""Chiba Chiba"".
Track listing.
Confirmed by iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="31063262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063262" title="USS SC-42">
USS SC-42

USS "SC-42", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 42" or USS "S.C. 42", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
Characteristics.
"SC-42" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 2 March 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 42", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 42".
History.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 42" was classified as SC-42 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-42".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-42" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31063265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063265" title="Tobías Albarracín">
Tobías Albarracín

Tobías Albarracín (born December 5, 1984 in La Rioja, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for San José in Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="31063273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063273" title="Mike Lockwood Memorial Show">
Mike Lockwood Memorial Show

The death was so depressing they held a Mike Lockwood Memorial Show a professional wrestling memorial event produced by the Pro Wrestling Iron (PWI) promotion, which took place on November 15, 2003 at the Lathrop Community Center in Lathrop, California. It was the first of two memorial shows held in memory of Mike Lockwood, who committed suicide at his home in Navarre, Florida on two weeks earlier, with a second show, the Mike Lockwood Memorial Tournament, run by New Breed Wrestling Association in South Bend, Indiana two years later. All proceeds raised from the event, and subsequent DVD sales, were donated to Lockwood's widow Shannon and their 7-year-old daughter Patty. Six Japanese-style professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card, though no gimmicks or ongoing storylines were part of the show.
The main event was a 6-man tag team match between Donovan Morgan, Frank Murdoch and Vinny Massaro, accompanied by Patty Lockwood, and Hook Bomberry and the Thomaselli Brothers (Vito and Sal Thomaselli). Another featured match was Pogo the Clown, competing without makeup and under his real name Joe Applebaumer, against Maliki, which Pogo won. "The Raging Bull" Manny Fernandez came out of retirement, at age 51, for a "one-night only" appearance to defeat Lars Dauger, and Mike Lockwood's original trainer Shane Kody teaming with Big Ugly to beat Bart Blaxton and Ryan Drago. All the wrestler's who participated on the show wore armbands with “Mikey” on them.
Results.
November 15, 2003 in Lathrop, California (Lathrop Community Center)

</doc>
<doc id="31063282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063282" title="Maud Lavin">
Maud Lavin

Maud Lavin is a nonfiction writer and cultural historian. She is a professor of Visual and Critical Studies and Art History, Theory, and Criticism at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. She is a recent recipient of a Guggenheim fellowship and a National Endowment for the Arts grant.
Her most recent book is "Push Comes to Shove: New Images of Aggressive Women". She is currently doing research for her new book coauthored with SooJin Lee and
Fang-tze Hsu, "Lipstick Dreams: Images of Femininities Circulating Among China,"
"South Korea, and the U.S."
Her former students at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago include curator Reba Katrib, critic Lori Waxman, design historian Ross Elfline, artist Haseeb Ahmed, artist and craft historian Sarah Alford, and designer Ismaji Cahyono.

</doc>
<doc id="31063326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063326" title="Milner, Colorado">
Milner, Colorado

Milner is an unincorporated community located in Routt County, Colorado, United States. The elevation is 6,522 feet (1,988 meters) above sea level. Milner lies in the Mountain Time Zone (MST/MDT) and observes daylight savings time. The settlement is located along State Hwy 40 between the nearby communities of Craig and Steamboat Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="31063327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063327" title="Michael Lunin">
Michael Lunin

Mikhail Sergeyevich Lunin (Russian: Михаил Сергеевич Лунин; December 29, 1787 - December 3, 1845 ) was a Russian political philosopher, revolutionary, Mason, Decembrist, a Lieutenant of the Grodno Life Guards regiment and a participant of the Franco-Russian Patriotic War of 1812. After a successful career in the military during the Napoleonic invasion, he became involved with multiple liberal Russian secret societies in the early 19th century, including the Union of Salvation and the Union of Welfare, as well as the Northern Society and the Southern Society. After the Decembrist Revolt took place in 1825, he was arrested due to his affiliations with the men responsible, and was subsequently exiled to a labor camp in Siberia. Lunin spent time in Finnish jails, three different prisons in Siberia, and lived on a farm under the watchful eye of the government during his life as an exile. Known for keeping good spirits and maintaining a firm defiance of autocratic rule, Lunin was eventually imprisoned again for writing in "opposition" to the Russian government, and lived out the rest of his life in a cell.
Early life.
Mikhail was born December 8, 1787, in Saint Petersburg, Russia. His father, Sergei Mikhailovich Lunin, was Actual Civil Councellor to the tsar, the fourth rank in the civil service division of the Russian government, and his mother was Fyeodosiya Mykytychna Lunina née Muravyova, the daughter of a wealthy family. Fyeodosiya died in 1792 while giving birth to a daughter, leaving Sergei to raise her and his two sons, Mikhail and his brother, Nikita. To ensure the boys got a proper education, Sergei hired several tutors and governors to come live with the family and train the boys in various subjects. Due to the fact that these men either were often dismissed for being unsatisfactory or left of their own accord, Mikhail’s education was at times uneven and inconsistent. Even when there was a tutor or governor on hand, Mikhail did not experience much in the way of discipline, as his father was an often-distant figure, in accordance with the norms of the time. Nevertheless, Mikhail's basic education—history, mathematics, literature, some French and Latin—was befitting of his station, but otherwise not unusual. The hobbies he cultivated as a young man—dancing, fencing, horseback riding—were similarly suited to his background.
Few details are known about Mikhail's home life as a child and as a young man, but there are some important takeaway points from this early period of his life. First, Mikhail was a child of opulence and wealth. The education his father was able to afford him, as well as the kind of home he lived in for several years and its many accouterments (such as servants, sculpted busts of Roman emperors, a music room with a piano, an orangery, and others), all indicate this. In his impressionable years, Mikhail came to accept this degree of wealth as an expected part of life. Second, one of the principal tutors in Mikhail’s life, Abbé Vouvillier, was not just Catholic, he was a devoted Jesuit. This likely occurred because, for a period of time, it was common among the Russian elite to hire Jesuit exiles from France following the Revolution in the 1790s. Although this practice died out by 1800, Vouvillier had already been hired in 1797. As would be expected of a Jesuit, he expressly hoped to convert people (like his charge, Mikhail) in Russia to Catholicism while he was there, a desire which Sergei, though aware of it, apparently did not take as any kind of threat, at least initially. Considering Mikhail became a Catholic later in life, Vouvillier’s early influence on him should not be understated.
Military career.
Lunin first joined the military in September 1803 in order to defend Russia against Napoleon's invasion. Because he was such a proficient swordsman and rider, he quickly advanced through the ranks, becoming a cornet in the winter of 1805-06. Over the course of his time in the military, Lunin had a tendency to be eccentric and brash, but he was capable nonetheless, demonstrating his bravery and courage on multiple occasions. In one distinctive incident, his regiment was being held in reserve behind the front lines, but he decided to ride off by himself and fight simply because he did not want to stay idle while a battle was going on. By 1815, his reputation was such that the imperial family knew him personally and spoke highly of him, anticipating that he would rise even higher in the ranks. However, due to a combination of events and circumstances—trouble with personal debts and a desire to see more action among them—he wished to transfer to a regiment that was outside the capital. After Lunin challenged a man of greater influence than he to a duel, though, the subsequent fallout compelled Lunin to retire from the military altogether.
Conversion to Catholicism.
After leaving the military, Lunin sailed to France in 1816 to live privately for a while with a friend, Hippolyte Auger. While there, Lunin engaged in a variety of pursuits, including writing a novel and lessons in French, English, algebra, and piano. In 1817, Auger introduced Lunin to Father Fidèle de Grivel, another Jesuit like Vouvillier. It was after becoming acquainted with Grivel as well as an abbé named Thirias—whom Lunin met as part of the social circle he and Auger entered into while in France—and having many opportunities to speak with them at length that Lunin became openly Catholic. This conversion sheds light on his views of both religion and politics. His opinion of Orthodox Christianity was that it had become too diminished by the impositions and arbitrariness of man, and that the divine was thus neglected. Protestantism subjugated faith to human reason, and he would not consider atheism, so he settled on Catholicism. This faith in the Catholic Church, as well as its hierarchy, inspired him in his political thinking such that he believed in the necessity of order and the rule of law. These beliefs proved instrumental in his later involvement in secret societies plotting to overthrow the tsar.
Return to Russia.
After hearing that his father had died, Lunin arrived back in Russia in April, 1817 to take charge of his estate. He quickly found that he had inherited a sizeable amount of debt in addition to various assets, so he began to set about paying it off. During this process, Lunin completed a draft of his last will and testament, which stated that after his death the serfs of his estate would be freed and granted a portion of land, which would be increased over time. The legality of this decision was questionable, but that did not matter to Lunin. Originally, he intended to leave the estate to his sister, but in a later draft of his will he changed the beneficiary to his younger cousin, Nikolaj Aleksandrovi. This was because if the estate went to Lunin's sister she would exercise only nominal control over it, while the real power would lie in the hands of her husband and Lunin's brother-in-law, A. F. Uvarov. This was a problem because Lunin feared that Uvarov would not respect Lunin’s wishes and keep the serfs in bondage. Interestingly, another significant change in Lunin’s second draft of his will was that the serfs would still be freed, but they would not be granted any land. The explanation for this is uncertain, but it seems to be the case that Lunin underwent some kind of change in attitude toward private property. However it happened, he had come to feel that individual ownership of land often meant that the land was not used to its full potential, and certainly not to everyone’s benefit. In his eyes, because the land was crucial to Russia's ability to produce agriculture and enforce any kind of stability via a government, it was imperative that all land either be fully owned or partly owned by the government so that peasants would not be able to take advantage of each other depending on who had land and who did not. This attitude, extended to the noble classes in Russia, constituted a definite threat to the status quo of the Russian state, and was a kind of signal for his future activity in societies whose goal it was to fundamentally transform the Russian government.
The Masons.
Another important influence in Lunin's early life was the Masons. At the time when he was a young man, they were more prominent in Saint Petersburg than they had ever been, even to the point where royal family members were joining lodges. In general, lodges were distinct from other spheres of society because they allowed freedom of expression and often adhered to Enlightenment idealization of the power of human reason to enact continuous progress, a notable contrast to the spirit of autocracy that otherwise pervaded Russia. Lunin first joined a lodge in 1817, Loge des Trois Vertus, which translates roughly to “Lodge of Three Virtues.” It is significant that the lodge he joined was more French or English in its style as opposed to, say, German, for lodges in the latter tradition were more likely to engage in mysticism, whereas the former tended to engage more with practical issues relating to the economy and, after 1815, politics on some occasions. Furthermore, the Lodge of Three Virtues just happened to be the most politically oriented in all of Russia. Its members’ understanding of the Masonic creed, according to their own time and context, dictated that the equality of mankind was paramount and that this fact should be successfully disseminated throughout the world as much as possible. It stood to reason that if this were the case, then such autocratic governments as that of Russia ought to be changed.
As a member of the “Lodge of Three Virtues”, Lunin was naturally sympathetic to these ideals, but he soon realized that there was little chance of any concrete action ever being taken to actually realize them. In addition, he began to feel torn between his membership in the Masons and his ties to the Catholic Church. Both organizations were distrustful of each other, with the Masons even accusing the Church of corruption. Ultimately, his loyalty to Catholicism prevailed and he left the Masons altogether. Lunin soon found other groups, though, secret societies that shared his desire for action.
Involvement With Secret Societies.
Lunin was partly responsible for the creation of the first Decembrist society, the “Union of True and Faithful Sons of the Fatherland.” However, his decision to depart for France in the fall of that year meant that he was absent from the group’s deliberations for as long as he was out of the country, although he was still connected to it and others, like the Union of Salvation. This came back to haunt him after the actual Decembrist Revolt took place and many people were arrested, in that he was later questioned about his knowledge of various groups’ stated plans and goals. The group's stated goals of transitioning Russia into a constitutional monarchy, abolishing serfdom and reducing the influence of foreigners in the government probably would have been alone enough to alarm the government, but some members went even further. For example, F. P. Šaxovskoj of the Union of Salvation suggested that the group should attempt to assassinate the tsar, an idea that Lunin was accused of initially endorsing and then subsequently supporting. Lunin, for his part, insisted that he had known nothing of this proposal prior to arriving in Moscow. Conversely, he was also suspected of collaborating with the Union of Salvation (later the Union of Welfare) because of his presence in Moscow, not his absence. With regard to Lunin’s support for assassinating the tsar, though, the record of his attendance and participation in a particular meeting seem to indicate this was not the case. During the discussion of a paper on the merits of monarchic and republican governments, Lunin actually voiced his support for a limited monarchy and claimed that a Russian republic would be undesirable, thereby voicing tacit, if qualified, support for the tsar.
Nevertheless, it is still the case that Lunin maintained ties with various secret political groups for a number of years—albeit not always the same ones—even when, at times, he professed not to. This was particularly in evidence when he rejoined the army and was posted in Poland. At the time, there was a portion of Poland that desired greater autonomy in handling its own affairs, which was embodied in the Polish Secret Patriotic Society. Because it and another Russian group, the Southern Society, had some goals in common—namely the tsar’s ouster—they established a kind of liaison, with Lunin—at one time a member of the latter group—acting as a kind of go-between. In summary, he remained connected to different societies, but his actual participation was often not what it once was. (In the case of the Southern Society, this might have been because its members were too radical for Lunin’s taste. ) 
There seem to have been multiple reasons for Lunin’s decreased activity in the groups. One is that he grew tired of the societies’ inability to come to an agreement on what should be done and take decisive action. He may also have come to doubt the possibility of successful, meaningful change taking place without the active participation and outcry of Russia’s millions. Whatever the case, even though some of Lunin’s connections were perhaps not particularly strong as time went on, taken together they were sufficient evidence for the imperial court to find him guilty and sentence him to exile in Siberia. All this occurred, however, only after the actual Decembrist Revolt took place.
Arrest and Trial.
Lunin was not personally involved in the uprising at Senate Square in Saint Petersburg. Furthermore, he was not immediately arrested even after his involvement with such groups as the Union of Salvation, the Union of Welfare and the Northern and Southern Society was verified. Apparently, Tsar Nicholas preferred to let Lunin incriminate himself—or let his captured associates testify against him and bring decisive evidence that would allow the tsar to arrest him without pause. However, Grand Duke Konstantin Pavlovich, the brother of Tsar Nicholas and the man whom Lunin had been serving as an aide-de-camp, was equally determined that Lunin should not be arrested or implicated in any manner. He defended Lunin in multiple letters to the tsar, but Nicholas continued to move forward by questioning those who had already been arrested about Lunin’s involvement in the various societies. What he was really after was decisive evidence against Lunin that not even the Grand Duke would be able to rationalize or explain away. Nicholas got his wish after extensive interrogation of Pavel Pestel, a man whom Lunin had become acquainted with through multiple societies over the years, compelled the prisoner to confess—perhaps inaccurately, as the interrogation methods of the Russian government were geared more toward confessions than the truth—that Lunin had himself suggested a particular plot in 1816 to assassinate Tsar Alexander. With his decisive evidence in hand, Nicholas had Lunin arrested on April 9, 1826.
Despite the fact that Nicholas had found his pretense to have Lunin arrested in the first place, the case against him was still not very strong. There was no proof that he had joined the army in Poland with any ulterior motive in mind, and the ties he had with the different societies were either relatively weak or had been broken altogether, as with the Northern Society. The court felt it could only find Lunin guilty if it were established that he himself had at some point suggested assassinating Tsar Alexander or at least attended meetings wherein such a suggestion was made. Nikita Murav’ev, another of Lunin’s imprisoned associates, finally made an admission to this effect after undergoing a great deal of pressure and advanced interrogational tactics. Encouraged by this, the court brought Lunin in for direct questioning in the hope that he would confess, but he consistently denied that he had ever suggested or plotted the death of Alexander, or been part of a similar plan originated by anyone else. Besides, as Lunin pointed out, Russian plots against the life of the tsar were hardly a novelty in the country’s history, and in fact had been justified as replacing someone incompetent with a more capable ruler. Regardless of whether Lunin actually endorsed or was involved with a plan to assassinate the tsar, it does seem to be the case that he had supported Grand Duke Konstantin for tsar instead of Nicholas, provided that the former lived up to his professed liberal views and enacted genuine reforms once in power. In the end, the court found him innocent of advocating regicide, but thanks to his connections to various societies and his alleged association with a regicidal plot by Pestel, he was found guilty under the categories of sympathizing with or proposing revolt as well as spreading propaganda and causing sedition or agitation. He was originally sentenced to lose all his constitutional rights as a person and be permanently exiled to a location to be determined, but this was commuted to twenty years of hard labor "followed by" exile to a distant location. According to eyewitness accounts, Lunin was surprisingly sanguine upon hearing the verdict, perhaps fitting for a man of his religious conviction.
The closing chapter of Lunin’s pre-exile life again raised the issue of what was to be done with his assets. Since nothing he owned would be his any longer, all of his possessions—as well as the debts he still had incurred—had to be dealt with accordingly. An auction was held to sell off enough of his former goods to pay the debt off. His will still dictated that his cousin, Nikolaj Aleksandrovi?, receive the estate and the serfs that came with it, but his sister Uvarova, despite having been previously disinherited in 1819, contested this. The Supreme Court in Saint Petersburg initially ruled in favor of Nikolaj, but Uvarova continued to fight, prolonging the battle for a number of months, to the point where it became a public issue of sorts. In December 1827, the Minister of Justice decided that Lunin, having no other heirs, was entitled to name whomever he wished as his beneficiary. However, he also ruled that the serfs could not be freed, as doing so would be illegal. About a month later, though, the case was reopened again after it emerged that Uvarova’s position had not been adequately explained. As it turned out, the Minister of Justice reversed his previous decision, granting Lunin’s estates and goods to her. None of this made any impact on Lunin, however, for he was already miles away, en route to his future as a prisoner in a labor camp.
Exile to Siberia.
Nicholas I and his government planned to send the Decembrist exiles to two camps in eastern Siberia: Chita and Petrovskij Zavod, both in relative proximity to the Nercinck Mines. Neither Chita nor Petrovskij Zavod were prepared to take over a hundred prisoners right away, so it was decided that the prisoners should be kept in Finland until further arrangements could be made. Lunin and seven other Decembrists were taken to a Swedish-built stone fortress known as Sveaborg Fortress, on Longgern Island.
As the exiled Decembrists made their way eastward across Siberia, the local people along the way met them with sympathy and good nature. A man is recorded to have approached the exiles in a town called Kostrama saying, “Gentlemen, be brave, you are suffering for the most beautiful, the most noble cause. Even in Siberia you will find sympathy.” Respect for the Decembrist failed cause came mostly from the upper echelons of society. Most of the people living in Siberia knew little of who the exiles were, or were under the impression that they were simply military officers who had refused to acknowledge the new czar. However, whatever they believed about the Decembrists, the attitude across the board of the Siberians was one friendly acceptance, and many of the exiles received much needed care from the locals during hard times.
Nicholas I seems to have been obsessed unnecessarily with the Decembrists. This can be seen in the way he often oversaw their treatment and punishment personally. For example, many have wondered at the way the Decembrists were kept together in groups, when isolating them from their comrades would have done far more to break their spirits and crush their belief in the ideals of their cause. Even though most of Russia had little or know understanding of the Decembrist Revolution, Nicholas was paranoid of a “general uprising in eastern Siberia,” and followed his generals’ advice that guarding the exiles in groups would be more effective. As much as he felt he could, however, Nicholas did attempt to break the spirits of his exiles, ordering the separation of Lunin and close companion Nikita Murav'ev.
Lunin remained at Sveaborg Fortress for a little over half a year, but the government never fully approved of the prisoner situation there. Steps had been taken to improve the security of the fortress, but the government remained unsure, and was displeased with the conversation and socializing between prisoners afforded by the construction of the prison cells. Thus the prisoners at Sveaborg were transported to various other prisons. Lunin and two others were sent to Vyborg Castle. Prison conditions at Vyborg were rough, and the cells had suffered a good deal from major floods a few years prior. Apparently water continually seeped through cell walls and kept everything damp. The other two exiles fell sick with caries, but Lunin maintained a characteristically strong physical and mental disposition. He replied famously to a question of whether he had all he needed with “I am quite satisfied with everything. I lack only an umbrella.” After eighteen in Vyborg, Lunin and three other exiles were escorted eastwards through Irkutsk to Chita, which contained the largest group of Decembrist exiles in Siberia at the time. The guards pressed as rapidly as possible on the journey, which was hard on the prisoners, and at times very dangerous. One of the exiles, Mixail Bestuzev, was nearly killed in a coach accident in which he was thrown off the coach sliding down a steep bank. His chains were caught in the coach, and Bestuzev was dragged a good distance.
Chita.
Lunin arrived in Chita at the end of June in 1828, two years after he had been sentenced there. Three hundred kilometers southeast of Lake Baikal, Chita sat in a beautiful valley at the junction of two rivers (the Chita and the Ingoda). Many of the Decembrists who spent time there spoke of the natural beauty of the area, writing of its varied plant species, the vibrant colors, stunning views, “golden pastures and fragrant meadows,” and calling it the “Garden of Siberia.” In general, as they had found during much of their journey through Siberia, the local people living in Chita were amiable and hospitable towards the exiles, and in several cases gave excellent care to sick Decembrists, as can be seen by the way Decembrists often left something for a local family in their will. The general in overseeing the exiled Decembrists also tended to be humane in his treatment of the prisoners, a quality by no means over common in prison leadership at the time.
For all these things, however, life was still hard on Decembrists. Many struggled to recover from exhaustion or illness from their journey east, and many, Lunin included, struggled especially in the beginning to stretch the meager allowance from the government to cover all their basic needs. In addition to physical stress, the Decembrists also had to deal with the doubts as to the validity of their cause, and many wrestled with whether it was worth all their pain and heartache in exile. Lunin, however, “was not daunted, and remained cheerful,” if rather withdrawn. During his time at Chita, Lunin kept largely to himself, spending the vast majority of his time alone in his room, in the little chapel he had set up. Though quite the recluse, Lunin still managed to remain on pleasant terms with his fellow exiles and with the local people. He attended the lectures hosted by the Decembrists in the evenings (the Decembrists concerned themselves with educating and refining the cultural tastes of the local people around them ), occasionally played guitar for an evening of music with the other exiles, worked extensively on an escape plan (first for everyone, then for himself), and whenever he was in contact with people, he struck those around him with his clever wit and cheerful spirit.
Some of the exiled Decembrists began to crack under the stress of living in Chita, and wrote to the czar requesting pardon, asking that they be allowed to serve as privates in the Russian army, which was at the time engaged in fighting in the Caucasus. For example, Alexander Bestuzhev wrote:
Lunin responded to the plea of his fellows in a letter with characteristic disdain for those who cheapened themselves by abandoning so noble a cause as theirs, writing:
Twenty-six months after his arrival, when the barracks at Petrosvskij Zavod had been built to hold all of the Decembrists at Chita (as well as a group of Polish exiles), Lunin and the rest of the Decembrists at Chita were forced to make the seven hundred verst journey westward to their new home. Lunin hired a covered wagon with the money his sister had been so careful to keep him provided with, which eased somewhat the strain of the journey and gave him the privacy he so cherished. Because he spent so much of his time inside his carriage during the journey, the Siberian guides (of the Buriat tribe) believed that he must be the most important criminal. At one point the a crowd of Buriats surrounded his carriage and they asked to know why he was being exiled. Lunin explained that he had tried to cut the “Great Khan’s” (Tsar Nicholas I) throat, and was thus being exiled, which greatly impressed the Buriats gathered there.
Petrosvskij Zavod.
In Petrosvskij Zavod, Lunin began slowly to flex his powerful mind once again. Whatever religious texts he could get his hands on, he read avidly. Because he had decided to restrict himself from non-religious texts, he didn’t read them to himself. Instead, still hungry for news of the world and of politics, he had others read for him and share with him what the books and papers said. Lunin, while not completely abandoning his reserved and secluded way of life, used his time at Petrosvskij Zavod to think and to explore and to glean everything he could from the people around him. The prison (for unlike Chita, which was merely a fortified “strongpoint,” Petrosvskij Zavod was a real prison ) contained men from a wide range of backgrounds, and Lunin pressed many of them for information on a wide range of subjects, from thoughts about Russia’s political future to information about Poland and the Americas. Spending more time with his fellow prisoners, he established yet again his reputation for being a unique, quirky, and yet pleasant man. Baron A.E. Rozen, a fellow exile, wrote of him later:
Urik.
In the middle of June 1835, Lunin arrived in Urik, a small town close to Irkutsk. His sentence to twenty years hard labor had been shortened to just under ten, and he had been sent along with several other Decembrists to live an work on a plot of land provided by the government. Lunin proved himself to be very industrious, building his house quickly and carefully, clearing the land around it, draining the bogs and creating a pretty little garden complete with smooth pathways, flowers, garden vegetables, and a summerhouse. He also grew corn fairly successfully. In addition to his manual labor, Lunin also continued to stretch himself intellectually. He stuck to his intense habit of spending time in prayer and study of the Bible, and also began building a library for himself with the help of his friend Nikita Murav’ev and his sister Urarova. Here in Urik, Lunin received permission to write letters to family and friends, marking the beginning of a series of letters that he wrote in name to his sister Urarova, but in intent he was actually writing to the world at large. He told his sister, “I rejoice that my letters…engage you. They serve as an expression of those convictions for which I was led to the place of execution, to a cell, and to exile. The publicity enjoyed by my letters through their numerous copies turns them into a political weapon” “which I must use for the defense of freedom.” In these letters, Lunin addressed everything from his own personal story as a political exile to the pressing need for the emancipation of the serfs.
Exile to Akatui and Death.
Lunin admitted frankly that his design in writing his contentious letters was in part “to tease the white bear,” so it was only a matter of time before the authorities became upset and put a stop to his letters.25 In September 1838 Lunin had lost his letter writing privileges for a year after repeated instances of material deemed inappropriate by the government. Once this year ban was lifted, Lunin continued to write not merely in the same manner as he had before, but this time in an even more blatantly taunting manner. His hope in affecting change for Russia even as an exile living in Siberia is echoed in his words, “From the sighs of those living under thatched roofs storms are born which destroy palaces.” 
In 1841 the authorities over Lunin discovered a manuscript of his “A Glance at Russian Secret Societies from 1816 to 1826,” which infuriated Tsar Nicholas I. Not surprisingly, for it contained such statements as the following describing the Decemberists: “They are stripped of everything: their social status, their property, their health, their homeland, their liberty…But no one can rob them of popular sympathy towards them…The Russian mind may, for a while, be led astray, but Russian popular sentiment is not to be deceived.” and the government retaliated by ordering copies of the article be collected immediately and sent back to St. Petersburg. Lunin was arrested in at home in Urik and his house was thoroughly searched. Lunin dodged questions in his interrogations to protect his friends by claiming he could only answer adequately in French, which the officers in charge of the arrest did not understand. Lunin was sentenced to isolated imprisonment at the Akatui mine, an area where it was said that even birds could not live because of the contamination in the air from the mines. Needless to say the conditions in the prison were severe. Lunin was kept in a cell with “water oozing from the walls” and high temperatures. Outbreaks of disease were common in such a climate, and the food was for the most part just bread and water. Lunin’s words sum up his Akatui experience: “the architect who built the prison of Akatui must have inherited Dante’s imagination.” For all hardship he endured, Lunin managed to maintain a relatively happy disposition. He maintained his habits of prayer and was visited by a Catholic priest from time to time. Once again, he demonstrated a natural way with people: the other prisoners accepted him well, and though their contact with each other was minimal, Lunin attempted to intervene for fellow prisoners on several occasions, either for more humane treatment or for better medical care. His sister Uvarova pleaded in every way she could that Lunin be released or transferred to a more healthy environment, but to no avail. Lunin died after four years of imprisonment at Akatui, and the exact circumstances of his death remained unclear. Some believe he died at the hands of an angry prison guard, some from charcoal poisoning, and others that he died in his sleep from a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="31063335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063335" title="Jerome G. Cooper">
Jerome G. Cooper

Jerome Gary Cooper (born 1936) is a former officer of the United States Marine Corps who served as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) from 1989 to 1992, and as United States Ambassador to Jamaica from 1994 to 1997.
Biography.
Jerome G. Cooper was born on October 2, 1936 in Lafayette, Louisiana. He attended high school at McGill-Toolen Catholic High School. He was educated at the University of Notre Dame, receiving a B.A. in 1958.
After college, Cooper joined the United States Marine Corps. During the Vietnam War, he became the first African American to ever command a Marine Corps infantry company. He left the Marine Corps in 1970. During his time in the Marine Corps, he was awarded the Navy Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, two Purple Hearts and three Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Crosses.
In 1970, Cooper left the Marine Corps, though he continued to serve as a major in the United States Marine Corps Reserve. From 1970, he was Director of an insurance company and funeral home that had been owned by his family for decades in Mobile, Alabama. He was elected to the Alabama Legislature in 1973. In 1978, the Governor of Alabama named Cooper to his cabinet, with Cooper becoming Commissioner of the Alabama State Department of Human Resources.
Cooper attended the program for Senior Executives in Government at Harvard University in 1979. He joined David Volkert and Associates, a regional engineering and architectural firm in Mobile, Alabama, as vice president for marketing in 1981.
In 1988, Cooper returned to active duty in the Marine Corps, being promoted to major general and becoming Director of Personnel at Headquarters Marine Corps. He retired from the Marine Corps in 1989, when President of the United States George H. W. Bush nominated Cooper to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) and, after Senate confirmation, he held this office until 1992. In this capacity, he played a role in planning the Gulf War.
Cooper returned to David Volkert and Associates in 1992. In 1994, President Bill Clinton named Cooper United States Ambassador to Jamaica, and Cooper presented his credentials to Governor-General of Jamaica Sir Howard Cooke on November 4, 1994. He left his post as Ambassador on November 27, 1997.
Cooper returned to his home in Mobile in December 1997. He later became CEO of Commonwealth National Bank, and has served on the Board of Directors of GenCorp, U.S. Steel, Protective Life, and PNC Financial Services.

</doc>
<doc id="31063346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063346" title="SC 42">
SC 42

SC 42 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31063360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063360" title="Starcrossed (novel)">
Starcrossed (novel)

Starcrossed is a young-adult fantasy romance novel by American author Josephine Angelini. The story follows a girl named Helen Hamilton, who is gradually revealed to be a modern-day version of Helen of Troy. After discovering her heritage, Helen learns that a union with the boy she loves may trigger a new Trojan War. The novel was followed by the sequels "Dreamless" and "Goddess", and received praise from critics and fantasy authors amidst its release.
Overview.
"Starcrossed" follows a seventeen-year old teenager named Helen Hamilton who lives in Nantucket. After having a series of mysterious dreams, along with hallucinations of three young girls who appear to be pained, Helen finds herself strongly romantically drawn to a teenage boy named Lucas. It is eventually revealed that Helen is a modern-day version of Helen of Troy, and that the women she sees are actually the Furies. Discovering that many of the people she has just met are actually Archetypes of Greek characters from the Trojan war that are reborn and reincarnated over and over again for unknown reasons. It is also discovered that a union between Lucas and Helen may initiate a new Trojan War. Amidst these revelations, Helen and Lucas seek a way to pursue their blossoming romance without endangering those around them.
Background.
Author Josephine Angelini has stated that her reading experiences as a teenager were what largely inspired her to write YA. "I write for teens because I became passionate about stories when I was one". A longtime mythology fan, she eventually grew fascinated with the idea of a modern-day version of Helen and Paris's romantic relationship. "I went into this 'Why the heck hasn't anyone done "The Iliad" with teenagers?' It's so easy to translate into the modern day, and then I thought about it, 'Because [Helen and Paris are loathsome,' so I thought that I’m going to have to have a really good reason for people choosing forbidden romantic love that is going to start a war. How can I make that into something that translates into our modern sensibilities?"
Angelini's agent, Mollie Glick, pitched "Starcrossed" as "a "Percy Jackson" for teenage girls." The book was acquired by HarperCollins in early 2010, with foreign deals following at the Bologna Children's Book Fair. The novel was eventually given release dates of April 5, 2011 in Spain, May 15, 2011 in Germany, and May 31, 2011 in the United States. Prior to the novel's release, Angelini revealed that the first sequel of a planned trilogy would be entitled "Dreamless".
Main characters.
Helen "Lennie" Hamilton—The main protagonist of the novel. Helen is oblivious to her family ancestry since her mother abandoned her as a child, she lives with her single father on an island in Nantucket. Her life was rather peaceful and normal until the Delos family comes to town. Her known abilities include superhuman strength and speed, lightning control-and-manipulation, flying through the air, transforming her physical appearance via shapeshifting, and the ability to descend into the underworld. She gains other abilities in the last novel that are central to the plot and conclusion of the story. 
Lucas Delos—The main romantic love interest, boyfriend, and dearly beloved of Helen, Lucas moves to town after his family disagrees with the practices of their extended relatives. He is the older brother of Cassandra and lives with his parents, his uncle and his three cousins. The known abilities he possesses are a hypnotically beautiful, melodious and angelic singing voice, physical fitness and features, superhuman strength, lie detection, superhuman speed, flying and lightbending.
Orion— The secondary love interest and friend of Helen. He is introduced in the second novel when he is the only other living being that Helen meets in Hell. He has a very traumatic and lonely past, due to his families split allegiances. He is an only child and lives away from his parents and attends a boarding school away from the other characters. His known abilities are being able to sway the hearts of others, sense emotions, open one way portals, super strength and speed, cause earthquakes and being able to breathe underwater. 
Hector Delos—The older cousin of Lucas and Cassandra and the older brother of Jason and Ariadne. Hector is the main reason the family moved, as he came close to killing a cousin he disagreed with. Known abilities include superhuman strength, superhuman speed, breathing underwater, water-based combative fighting and hugs really well.
Ariadne Delos—The younger sister of Hector and twin sister of Jason. Known powers include super strength, speed and the ability to heal others.
Jason Delos—The younger brother of Hector and twin brother of Ariadne. Known magical abilities include super strength, speed, the ability to heal others and breathing underwater.
Cassandra "Cassie" Delos—Cassandra is Lucas' younger sister and a prophet of Apollo. She is the Oracle and the fates speak through her. Known powers include foresight.
Creon Delos—The main antagonist of the first novel. Heir to his household and cousin to the Delos children. Known powers are super strength, healing and speed and shadow-bending.
Minor characters.
Claire "Giggles/Gig" Aoki—Helen's mortal Japanese bestfriend. As a fellow nerd and outcast, Claire helps Helen through her boy trouble and tries to bring her bestfriend out of her shell. Her nickname is "Giggles" because she has a contagious laugh. 
Matt Millis—A mortal childhood friend of Helen and Claire. He is sweet and Helen sees him as a brother-figure, even though it seems he would like to be more. Revealed to be a Greek archetype in the last novel. 
Jerry Hamilton—Helen's father. He owns a convenience store where Helen occasionally works. In the first novel he is oblivious to his daughters abilities. 
Kate—A baker who co-owns the convenience store with Jerry. She is Jerry's love-interest and a mother-figure to Helen. 
Noel Delos—Cassandra and Lucas' mortal mother who takes care of the entire Delos family.
Castor Delos—Cassandra and Lucas' Scion father.
Pallas Delos— Castor's brother and Hector, Jason and Ariadne's father. He spends most of the first book keeping watch over the extended family across the sea. He bears contempt towards Helen because she looks like Daphne Atreus, the woman who presumably killed his brother, Ajax.
Pandora "Dora" Delos— Castor's sister and Lucas, Cassandra, Hector, Jason and Ariadne's aunt. She stuck up for Helen when Pallas expressed his disdain towards her. However, in spite of her kindness and optimism, she has a vicious nature that she shows only towards her enemies.
Daphne Atreus/Beth Smith— Helen's mother. She was thought to have killed Ajax, but it was later revealed that Ajax's killer was in fact Tantalus. She weaves many webs of plans and allegiances.
Release.
Publicity.
"Publishers Weekly" reported on the "Starcrossed" series in March 2010, announcing that HarperCollins had made a "major pre-Bologna Fair acquisition". Coverage from "Entertainment Weekly" followed. In early 2011, Angelini announced that Demi Goddesses, a German musical group, would produce an English-language song inspired by the novel called "Where Do I Belong?", as well as an accompanying music video. Advance reader copies of "Starcrossed" were released for review by Book It Forward Tours.
Reception.
An early review from "Booklist" stated, "The riveting plot twists and turns as the myth’s destiny translates into present-day terrors, dreams, and hopelessness, and its execution is seamless." "Starcrossed" has also received feedback from numerous fantasy authors. In an advance review, Lauren Kate gave particular praise to the romantic elements, and called the overall story "a gorgeous, haunting saga that completely swept me away." Kiersten White described the novel as "a dizzying tale of action, drama, and romance with just the right twist of humor and tragedy." Sophie Jordan lauded the novel as, "One of the most cinematic books I've ever read. Dramatic and intense! I can't tell you how many times I gasped while reading this book. "Starcrossed" plays out like a movie in your head." 
While discussing Helen, Sonja Bolle of the "Los Angeles Times" stated, "Hers is a road I'm eager to travel; the second book in this series, "Dreamless", is slated for May 2012—not soon enough, as far as I'm concerned." Kara Warner of "MTV.com" called the story "an empowering tale full of intrigue, mythology and self discovery".
Film adaptation.
In 2010, "Publishers Weekly" reported that a possible film adaptation of "Starcrossed" was being handled by Rachel Miller of Tom Sawyer Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="31063363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063363" title="Ernie Ovitz">
Ernie Ovitz

Ernest Gayhart Ovitz (October 7, 1885 – September 11, 1980) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago Cubs in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="31063417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063417" title="Lake Aroarotamahine">
Lake Aroarotamahine

Lake Aroarotamahine, also known as Green Lake, is one of two small crater lakes on Mayor Island / Tuhua in the Bay of Plenty, New Zealand. Its outlet is a wetland leading to the smaller Lake Te Paritu or Black lake.
The lake has a green colour due to algae. According to Māori legend, the green is the blood of Pounamu (greenstone) which fought a battle with Tuhua (obsidian), and, defeated, fled to the South Island.

</doc>
<doc id="31063427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063427" title="Rock of the '70s">
Rock of the '70s

Rock of the '70s is a Yes DVD released by Voiceprint on December 15, 2009. It contains Belgian promo material from September 1970. The music videos are synced with audio from the "Time and a Word" album. Peter Banks left the band before the album promo was shot. His replacement, Steve Howe, appears in this video. Brief interviews with band members are shown between each music video.
Personnel.
Note: In the music video for "Then", Kaye and Squire switch instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="31063433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063433" title="Monongahela (album)">
Monongahela (album)

Monongahela is a studio album by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in 1988 via MCA Records. The album peaked at number 9 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
The album includes three singles that charted on Hot Country Songs: "Gonna Take a Lot of River", which reached number 1, followed by "Bridges and Walls" at number 10 and "Beyond Those Years" at number 7.
Personnel.
Compiled from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="31063484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063484" title="A Warrior's Heart">
A Warrior's Heart

"A Warrior's Heart" is a 2011 romantic/sports drama film directed by Michael F. Sears and starring Kellan Lutz. The film is based on a storyline and screenplay written by the author Martin Dugard.
Synopsis.
Star Lacrosse player Conor Sullivan (Kellan Lutz) is not excited about moving to an unknown town and being the new kid at high school. He has a new love interest Brooklyn (Ashley Greene), but he struggles to find a meaning to his life. 
Conor's Marine father is redeployed into Iraq where he dies in combat leaving Conor in shock and denial as he starts acting out in self-destructive ways. This greatly worries his mother Claire (Gabrielle Anwar). There is also a violent on-field clash with a long-time nemesis (Chord Overstreet) and a vandalism incident that lands him in a jail cell and finally gets him kicked off the team. To regain his obvious passion for the sport, he goes for arduous training in a wilderness Lacrosse camp. The camp is under the tutelage of his dead father's old combat buddy, Sgt. Major Duke Wayne (Adam Beach), who opens Conor's eyes to the true meaning of maturity, sportsmanship and manhood.
Screenings.
The film was presented at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival and released in the United States on December 2, 2011. Much of the filming was done at Mayfield Senior School in Pasadena, CA
Critical reception.
The film was met with mostly negative reviews from mainstream critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave it a "rotten" score of 18% based on reviews from 11 critics and received a 24 out of 100 on Metacritic based on reviews from 8 critics.

</doc>
<doc id="31063501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063501" title="American Dreams (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
American Dreams (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

American Dreams is a studio album by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in 1989 via MCA Records. The album peaked at number 24 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. It includes the singles "An American Family" and "No Matter How High", the latter of which was the group's last number 1 hit on Hot Country Songs. "Turning for Home" later served as the title track to Mike Reid's 1991 debut album "Turning for Home".

</doc>
<doc id="31063516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063516" title="First Invasion">
First Invasion

"First Invasion" is the debut extended play by the South Korean boy band Infinite. It was released on June 9, 2010. They promoted the main single of the EP "Come Back Again" and followed with "She's Back".
Sales and Certifications.
Physical Sales

</doc>
<doc id="31063522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063522" title="John Howard (singer-songwriter)">
John Howard (singer-songwriter)

John Howard (born Howard Michael Jones, 9 April 1953) is an English singer-songwriter, pianist and recording artist. With his February 1975 debut album "Kid in a Big World" (CBS Records), Howard emerged as a late voice of the glam-pop wave of the early 1970s. Across a musical career that has included two main periods of recording activity – 1974-84 and 2004–present – Howard has released 12 studio albums.
Beginnings and early years, 1953–1973.
John Howard was born Howard Michael Jones in Bury, a market town in North West England which historically is part of Lancashire and administratively is within Greater Manchester.
Having started playing the piano at four years old, Howard began classical training at seven. He attended St. Gabriel's Roman Catholic High School in Bury, and in 1969 enrolled at the Accrington College of Art.
Starting in March 1970 and continuing for the next three years, Howard – having adopted the professional moniker "Jon Howard" – played his own songs at universities and folk clubs, and at the Bolton Octagon Theatre.
At the Octagon, Howard often played support for the folk/progressive rock band Spirogyra. The band at the time was managed by Howard's contemporary, Max Hole, who later, as an A&R manager at WEA Records U.K. in the early 1980s, went on to sign Howard Jones, whose birth name – ironically – is John Howard Jones. Hole currently serves as chief operating officer of Universal Music Group International.
CBS Records, 1973–1976.
Shortly after moving to London in August 1973, Howard was playing at the Troubadour folk club, when he was spotted by "Hurricane" Smith's manager Stuart Reid, who was the head of pop at Chappell Music. Reid signed Howard to a management contract – changing "Jon" to "John," in the process – and Howard signed with CBS at the end of that year.
"Kid in a Big World" (1975) was the first of three albums that Howard recorded for CBS in 1974 and 1975. The album – recorded at Abbey Road and Apple Studio – was produced by ex-Shadows drummer Tony Meehan and Paul Phillips. Session players included founding Zombies and Argent keyboardist Rod Argent and founding Argent drummer Bob Henrit.
CBS initially put considerable resources behind its new artist – promoting Howard's debut album with a major print advertising campaign, life-sized cardboard cutouts of Howard at record shops, and a launch concert for recording industry executives and press at the Purcell Room in London's Southbank Centre.
But BBC Radio 1 refused to play the first single, "Goodbye Suzie," calling it "too depressing," and also passed on the second single, "Family Man," calling it "anti-woman."
Following his debut album release in February 1975, Howard recorded two more albums of material for CBS that year. His second album – "Technicolour Biography" (recorded 1974 and 1975), produced by Paul Phillips – was a collection of songs in a vein similar to those on "Kid in a Big World". Indeed, the songs on both of Howard's first two albums were among the group of songs, written between 1970 and 1973, that led CBS to sign Howard in late 1973. But after BBC Radio 1's rejection of the two singles from the debut album, CBS balked at this new set and shelved the project, with the songs never being developed beyond the initial "vocals and piano" demonstrations.
At this point, CBS, anxious for a hit, paired Howard with Biddu, a producer best known for his pioneering work in disco. Howard set about writing a new collection of songs, and the result was his third album, "Can You Hear Me OK?" (recorded 1975).
CBS's promotion of the only single, "I Got My Lady," from that fully produced third album included Howard's only live television appearance – on a December 1975 episode of the BBC television program The Musical Time Machine, which ran from 1975 to 1977. Also appearing on that episode were Johnny Mathis and Lynsey de Paul.
But when the single did not chart as well as CBS had hoped, CBS shelved that album too. Having failed to find an audience for Howard's music, CBS ultimately released only the first "installment" of Howard's first three albums – sometimes now referred to as the ""Kid" trilogy." Howard left the label in early 1976.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine called this sequence of events one of the most extreme of examples of Murphy's Law in record company history."
Many years later, Howard's mentor Paul Phillips – who at the time was Howard's producer and A&R manager at CBS – had a more specific explanation. Phillips told Howard that his difficulty in getting radio airplay was due primarily to homophobia in the recording industry. Howard, who is gay, presented a louche and effete image at a time – the early 1970s – when, despite the shattering of gender stereotypes that was being heralded by the emergence of glam and disco, record label executives and radio programmers still often expected gay male artists to conform to traditional ideals of masculinity and to keep their sexuality to themselves. Howard wrote about his experience of this dynamic in his 2007 song, "My Beautiful Days."
Post-"Kid" singles, 1977–1984.
After leaving CBS, Howard spent a brief time playing London's fashionable restaurants and piano bars – including a regular stint, for several months in 1976, at April Ashley's AD8 club.
In late 1976, Howard suffered a fall in which he broke his back and feet. But after a period of recuperation and recovery, he resumed recording and released a number of singles over the next several years.
Howard's work with the producer Trevor Horn in 1977 and 1978 resulted in two 7" singles – "I Can Breathe Again"/"You Take My Breath Away" (Ariola, 1978) and "Don't Shine Your Light"/"Baby Go Now" (SRT, 1979) – that were among Horn's earliest commercially released production credits.
And a brief return to CBS in late 1979 led to two more 7" singles – "I Tune Into You"/"Gotta New Toy" and "Lonely I, Lonely Me"/"Gotta New Toy (remix) – both released in 1980.
In 1981 – the year before Culture Club released its debut album, "Kissing to Be Clever" – Howard teamed up with Culture Club producer Steve Levine, a collaboration that resulted in another two 7" singles, "It's You I Want"/"Searching for Someone" and "And the World"/"Call on You."
A second life in A&R, 1985–2000.
But by the mid-1980s, Howard had stopped recording and moved to the business side of music, where he forged a successful career in A&R for fifteen years, before "retiring" to Pembrokeshire, Wales, in 2000. Among the artists Howard worked with during this period were: Elkie Brooks, Maria Friedman, Connie Francis, Hazell Dean, Sonia, Gary Glitter, The Crickets, Lonnie Donegan, Madness, Barry Manilow and Sir Tim Rice.
Howard did record one album during this period, "The Pros and Cons of Passion". The album – a collection of Howard originals and covers of songs by George Harrison, Brian Wilson, k.d. lang, Stephen Sondheim, Lou Reed, Neil Young, Paul McCartney and Janet Hood/Bill Russell – was slated for 1996 release on the Carlton label. But – as if to remind Howard that Murphy's law still was in effect – the label folded the week before the album's street date, and the album remained unreleased until Howard released it himself in 2008.
Rediscovering the muse, 2003–2005.
The album cover of "Kid in a Big World" was featured in Matsui Takumi's 2002 book, "In Search of the Lost Record: British Album Cover Art of 50's to 80s". This turned out to be one signpost of a revival of interest in Howard's early work. Responding to this, Cherry Red Records subsidiary RPM Records in September 2003 featured "Goodbye Suzie" – the song which, when it was released in October 1974, BBC Radio 1 had scuttled as being "too depressing" – on its compilation "Zigzag: 20 Junkshop Soft Rock Singles 1970–1974." Two months later, and nearly thirty years after the album's original release, RPM re-issued "Kid in a Big World."
In early 2004, Uncut magazine gave the re-issue a 5-star review, in which reviewer Paul Lester wrote that
"Kid in a Big World" is a magnificent collection of rococo balladry and florid vignettes from a singer-songwriter who might have rivalled Elton or Bowie had his record company managed to market him right during that strange nether-period between glam and punk.
Howard, wrote Lester, is "the missing link between Noel Coward and ... Momus."
Coward is a frequent reference in reviews of Howard's music. In 2006, a couple of years after the re-issue of "Kid", the Manchester poet Robert Cochrane – who collaborated as the lyricist on Howard's 2005 album "The Dangerous Hours" – observed that "Kid" is "Noel Coward getting fruit with Elton and Ziggy."
Writing in the Guardian, in 2005, Alex Petridis mused that, when "Kid" was "to critical raves, its florid, glam piano balladry seemed more contemporary in the age of Rufus Wainwright than it must have done at the height of pub rock."
A few weeks after the Uncut review, a London show by Howard – organized by RPM to celebrate the re-issue of "Kid" – included in the audience Lawrence Hayward of Felt, Peter Astor of The Weather Prophets and rock biographer Nina Antonia, further attesting to Howard's influence.
In 2004 and 2005, respectively, RPM issued the other two (unreleased) albums of the "Kid" trilogy – "Technicolour Biography" and "Can You Hear Me OK?" The first of these prompted a less predictable appearance by Coward, in a review by Anthony Reynolds, who wrote that
"Technicolour Biography's" "title track...soundlike the hangover to the night out of the preceding track. Grand, grand piano and a masterful vocal hinting at distant choirs and philharmonics, telling of wide-screen sagas of beaches and car lots, of premieres at empty cinemas. It's like Coward writes Kerouac."
During this period, Howard entered a second stage of creative output, recording and releasing more than seven albums' worth of new material from 2004 to the present.
In a four-star review of "The Dangerous Hours" (2005), Howard's collaboration with Robert Cochrane and his first new album release in 30 years, Alexis Petridis wrote in "The Guardian" that
the intervening decades have done nothing to blunt the edge on Howard's songs. Nor have they dulled the flamboyance of his delivery ... Thirty years on, he still sounds astonishing – a man making up for lost time with enviable panache."
The album, wrote Stephen Thomas Erlewine in his own four-star review, has "all of the hallmarks of '70s work – big, sweeping, cinematic choruses, lush, sighing melodies, music that is once dramatic and intimate," and "Cochrane's words...flow like Howard's own." Musically "spare and simple, just Howard and his piano, occasionally embellished with a synthesizer and overdubbed vocals," the album is "a perfect soundtrack for either late-night introspection or a contemplative Sunday morning. The best thing about The Dangerous Hours...[is that it proves that his skills as a craftsman are untarnished after all these years."
Later that year, Howard released on RPM parent label Cherry Red what Erlewine called Howard's "true comeback" album, the wryly titled "As I Was Saying" (2005), the first album collection of new, original all-Howard songs since 1975. The album features ex-Lush bass guitarist Phil King on electric bass and Andre Barreau – who plays George Harrison in the Beatles tribute band The Bootleg Beatles and who also was the lead guitarist on Robbie Williams's 1997 single, "Angels" – on guitars.
"The voice," wrote Helen Wright, "is in peak condition – richer than in his youth but retaining all the character, and sounding more and more like a slightly posher John Lennon." Wright singled out the song "Oh, Do Give It A Rest, Love" – which Dickon Edwards had called the album's "epic centrepiece" – as "a tour-de-force, a seven minute epic of wit and bitchiness that manages to include pretty well the entire history of pop music."
Erlewine wrote that
Howard's writing is as strong as it was in the '70s – clever...in his lyrics and graceful in his melodies...Howard is clearly an older songwriter, and has become more sentimental with time, but instead of turning him saccharine, it has given him a warm, hazy glow appropriate for his sweet melodicism, which has not diminished over time...a quiet, understated gem of a comeback.
"The songs are still pouring out," 2006-2007.
The momentum of new songwriting and recording continued with Howard's next album "Same Bed, Different Dreams" (2006), released on the small French label Disques Eurovisions. Although the release of "Same Bed" was delayed until the summer of 2006 – the year after 2005's "Dangerous Hours" and "As I Was Saying" – Howard had laid down and sent to Eurovisions demos of all 14 of the album's songs in January 2004. So these actually were the first new songs that Howard recorded after the re-issue of "Kid in a Big World" in November 2003.
Reviewing "Same Bed" for the French magazine Les Inrockuptibles, Celine Remy called it "an authentic hidden treasure of eccentric pop: the kind of disc that one could imagine had been reissued as a vestige of a time when Bowie still haunted the cabarets and Elton John preferred writing to shopping," with Matthieu Grunfeld in another French magazine, Magic RPM, suggesting that the album "should find a strong echo among...the fans of Ben Folds."
Howard followed "Same Bed, Different Dreams" with "Barefoot With Angels" (2007). Released on the small Spanish label, Hanky Panky Records, the album includes the song, "The Exquisites," that Howard wrote for his 2005 London show at the Glam-ou-rama community's Night of a Thousand Ziggys. John Howard calls the song – which initially was inspired by Oscar Wilde's dictum that "The future belongs to the dandy. It is the exquisites who are going to rule." –
my take on how glam rock saved pop music in the early ‘70s after the Beatles had left the scene and the ‘60s had ended with a whimper. T. Rex, Bowie, Roxy Music and their gorgeous chart-colleagues brought fun, great singles and beauty back to a pop scene badly in need of a polish.
"Barefoot" also includes the song "Magdalena Merrywidow," Howard's tribute to April Ashley.
Howard appeared as a pianist on two other albums in 2007: Anthony Reynolds's "British Ballads" (Spinney) and Darren Hayman's "Darren Hayman and the Secondary Modern" (Track & Field). Both albums tapped the contributions of musicians who had been extremely influential in 1980s British indie pop, with the Reynolds album featuring ex-Cocteau Twin Simon Raymonde and the Hayman album featuring Pete Astor, who had founded The Loft and The Weather Prophets.
Truly solo, 2008-present.
After releasing four new albums on small independent labels from 2005 to 2007, Howard began recording, releasing and selling CDs of his music on his own label, Kid in a Big World, with digital releases of his entire catalog through AWAL.
Howard's ninth studio album, "Navigate Home" (2009) – which he wrote while waiting to move from Wales to Spain and completed recording in Spain – was the first album to reflect this new approach. Reviewing the album in Dusty Wright's online pop culture magazine Culture Catch, Robert Cochrane observed:
John Howard has in his early fifties reached a point of creative maturity few achieve, especially after almost twenty-five years in the "dump-bin" and it is a further irony that this album is entitled "Navigate Home". During the period of its gestation, he was a temporary resident of transitory homes: the home of the past, the home within his head, and a home as yet unbuilt. Waiting to emigrate to Spain, he realized a series of songs sublimely inhabited by English ghosts, a haunting and restful work, completed and refined in his new country, but without even a hint of sunshine or sangria, only suggestions of clouds and summer showers. Knowing he was leaving England allowed him to plunder his past with a fresh and concise perspective. These songs have a longing and a sense of focused regret. Nostalgia is too obvious and unsubtle a label. There is a strange air of resolution and refinement present. It is a gathering up of half a century's memories, his most personal album so far, but free of anger and misery. Tranquil in tone, but pulled by the magnets of retrospection and anticipation, these songs have a striving but restful nature, a certain sadness, but balanced by a spirit of joyful projection. These are kindly conversations sung into an unsuspecting ear.
Howard's tenth studio album, "Exhibiting Tendencies" (2011), had its digital release in February 2011 and its CD release in May 2011.
His twelfth studio album, "You Shall Go to the Ball!" (2012), was released on 24 September 2012. On this 15-track collection, Howard "revisits" and elaborates on nine of his 1970s-era songs that previously had been recorded only as musically spare demos. He interweaves these revisitations with a half-dozen "soundscapes." The result, writes Joe Lepper for the digital magazine "Neon Filler":
gives the album a dreamlike, almost Brian Wilson produced feel, with his forgotten songs shining brightly throughout.
John Howard's thirteenth studio album, "Storeys" (2013), was released on 25 November 2013.
In his Pennyblack Music review of the album, Benjamin Howarth writes that, "for all those people who enjoyed the reissues but haven’t heard anything else, his new album "Storeys" feels like an ideal opportunity to catch up."
Howarth continues:
The process of recording music in studios has become increasingly professionalised. Most studio albums will have been engineered by someone who studiously “knows what they are doing.” Indeed, they probably studied what they are doing to degree level. The author Vikram Seth once pointed out that amateur is an abused term. Its root meaning is in fact, “to love.” Modern society – driven largely by corporate values – has increasingly twisted it so you automatically associate amateurism with shoddiness.
I write this because John Howard is, now, effectively an "amateur" – he makes his music at home, at his own pace and releases it on his own label. Having once been bound by the requirements of an unappreciative label, he now has only himself to blame if any of his new songs fail to be released. But you'll be amazed at the scale of his ambition on these home recordings. It has become standard to automatically insert the word "humble" before the phrase "home recorded." You wouldn't do that here. Piano and keyboards are the main instruments, but underneath there are lush orchestral strings, multi-layered backing vocals and carefully placed percussion. I get the impression of the kind of reckless, uninhibited inventiveness that made pop music so exciting in the 1960s and 70s.
The songs on "Storeys" could all have been written and recorded in any decade since the birth of pop music. The show-tune style that made "Kid in a World" so out-of-place in 1975 and so charming by 2001 has largely been abandoned. Instead, Howard aims for something not dissimilar to Harry Nilsson – that much sought after form of "perfect pop"...that delights record collectors, but rarely seems to catch the ear of average pop fans...
"Storeys" was the occasion for John's Howard's first live performance in seven years, a November 2013 triple bill with Ralegh Long and Darren Hayman at London's Servant Jazz Quarters. Reviewing Howard's set, Patricia Turk wrote:
And then there was John Howard, and all I could think was ""This" is how it's done." I swiftly realised we were in the presence of an old-school master. Once touted as the next big thing, his is a story of the almost made it, a tale of the machinations of the music industry, dropped in the 1970s, only to experience a resurrection since the early 2000s, that has included influencing emerging artists like Long.
His are piano-driven pop ballads that I would liken to early Elton John with a bit of Bowie. The songs have a slight glam, show-tunes touch, but they don’t feel dated or twee – instead, it's mood-enhancing music with a story to tell, songs that you feel you've known your whole life.
Personal life.
In 2006, Howard and retired theatre actor and director Neil France – Howard's partner of 28 years – were married in a civil partnership ceremony in Pembrokeshire.
The next year, 2007, Howard and France moved from the United Kingdom to Murcia, Spain, where they continue to live.
External links.
Articles, interviews and reviews.
Articles.
Joe Lepper<br>
Robert Cochrane<br>
Interviews.
With Benjamin Howarth of Pennyblack Music
With Robert Rotifer
"An hourlong segment on Rotifer's Heartbeat program for Austrian radio station FM4 aired on 3 December 2012."
With Peter Steward<br>
With Helen Wright of MusicOMH<br>
Album reviews.
Storeys<br>
Navigate Home<br>
Same Bed, Different Dreams<br>
As I Was Saying<br>
The Dangerous Hours<br>
Can You Hear Me OK?<br>
Technicolour Biography<br>
Kid in a Big World<br>
Performance reviews.
Servant Jazz Quarters, London, 27 November 2013 (with Ralegh Long and Darren Hayman)<br> 
12 Bar Club, London, 18 January 2006<br>
Club Bohemia @ Buffalo Bar, London, 24 September 2005<br>
Cecil Sharp House, London, 26 August 2004<br>
Jermyn Street Theater, London, 1 April 2004<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31063537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063537" title="St. Paulus Kirche">
St. Paulus Kirche

St. Paulus Kirche may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31063581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063581" title="Greatest Hits 3 (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
Greatest Hits 3 (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

Greatest Hits 3 is a compilation album by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in 1989 via MCA Records. The album peaked at number 22 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Although Steve Sanders is featured on the cover of the album, several tracks include William Lee Golden on vocals, most notably "Touch A Hand, Make A Friend," which includes a solo by Golden.
Track listing.
^The vocals on "True Heart" were re-recorded to match the live rendition more closely. This alternate version is exclusive to this album, and had never been included on any other releases.
^^Previously released as a promotional single and video in 1987, this song was included as a "bonus track" for the compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="31063583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063583" title="Mask of Smiles">
Mask of Smiles

Mask of Smiles is the third full-length release by British rock singer-songwriter John Waite. It was released in 1985, just after the release of his hit " Missing You".
There were two singles released from the disc. The first, "Every Step Of The Way", was a top 30 hit, peaking at number 25. The other, "Welcome To Paradise", fared rather dismally, edging just inside the Hot 100 (at number 85). The album itself peaked inside the Top 40, at number 36.

</doc>
<doc id="31063596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063596" title="Las Numero Uno">
Las Numero Uno

Las Numero Uno () is a compilation album by Banda El Recodo. The album contains the singles "Me Gusta Todo De Ti" and "Te Pido Perdón (Banda Version)". There are also many other singles from the band.

</doc>
<doc id="31063608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063608" title="Ås, Sør-Trøndelag">
Ås, Sør-Trøndelag

Ås is a village and the administrative center for the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located along the Nea River, about southwest of the village of Østby. Most of the residents of Tydal live in or around Ås. 
The village is about east of Tydal Church. The village has some small industries, especially wood products. There are also some sporting facilities in Ås.

</doc>
<doc id="31063609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063609" title="Østby, Sør-Trøndelag">
Østby, Sør-Trøndelag

Østby is a village in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located along the Nea River, about northeast of the municipal center of Ås.

</doc>
<doc id="31063611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063611" title="Stugudalen">
Stugudalen

Stugudalen is a village in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located along the lake Stuggusjøen, about southeast of the municipal center of Ås and about south of the lake Nesjøen. The village is primarily a tourist area with many summer cabins near the lake. The Stugudal Chapel is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31063612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063612" title="Gressli">
Gressli

Gressli is a village in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located along the Nea River, about west of the municipal center of Ås and about west of Aunet.
History.
In 1878, 2253 coins were found on the Gressli farm during potato hilling on a spot where there had once been a heap of rocks. The Gressli discovery is our most important source of knowledge about Olav Kyrre's extensive minting in Norway from 1067 until 1093. In 1881, a meticulous record of the find was published by L. B. Stenersen, the director of the Coin Cabinet. It has since been studied by a series of scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="31063614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063614" title="Aunet">
Aunet

Aunet is a village in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located along the Nea River, about west of the municipal center of Ås. The village is the location of Tydal Church, built in 1696.

</doc>
<doc id="31063617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063617" title="New Castle of Manzanares el Real">
New Castle of Manzanares el Real

The New Castle of Manzanares el Real, also known as Castle of los Mendoza, is a palace-fortress erected in the 15th century in the town of Manzanares el Real (Community of Madrid, Spain), next to the reservoir of Santillana at the foot of Sierra de Guadarrama.
Its construction began in 1475 on a Romanesque-Mudéjar hermitage and today is one of the best preserved castles of the Community of Madrid. It was raised on the river Manzanares, as a residential palace of the House of Mendoza, in the vicinity of an ancient fortress, abandoned once built the new building.
The castle now houses a museum of the Spanish castles and hosts a collection of tapestries. It was declared a Monumento Histórico-Artístico in 1931. Is owned by the Duchy of the Infantado, but its management and use correspond to the Community of Madrid.
History.
The land bordering the upper reaches of the River Manzanares, rich in pastures and forests were the subject of frequent disputes between different powers that emerged after the Reconquista. The Communities of Villa y Tierra de Segovia and Madrid staged several disputes over the 13th century, which were resolved in the 14th century by the King John I of Castile with the donation of the comarca to his steward, Pedro Gonzalez de Mendoza.
The eldest son of this, Diego Hurtado de Mendoza, Admiral of Castile, is credited with building the first fortress, now known as the Old Castle of Manzanares el Real, although it is likely that this building had an earlier origin . In the last third of the 15th century, the House of Mendoza decided to build a new castle-palace, larger and more luxurious, according to the remarkable economic and political influence achieved by this family.
Work began in 1475. Were promoted by Diego Hurtado de Mendoza, 1st Duke of the Infantado, he could not see them completed. It was his eldest son, Íñigo López de Mendoza, who finished under the direction of the architect Juan Guas, author of Palace of the Infantado, of Guadalajara.
The role of palatial residence which was designed only lasted a century. With the death in 1566 by Íñigo López de Mendoza y Pimentel, 4th Duke of the Infantado, the castle ceased to be inhabited, as economic problems and disputes arose between the heirs of the House of Mendoza.
The castle was one of the locations used in the movie El Cid (1961).
In 1982, the castle housed the act of constitution of the Parliamentary Assembly of Madrid, which took place the presentation editor of the Statute of Autonomy.
Features.
The castle, quadrangular, is constructed entirely of granite stone. It has four circular towers. In its vertices are decorated with balls of Isabelline Gothic style. Highlights the main tower of hexagonal form.
The building is topped by a terrace with machicolation and turrets. It consists of a rectangular courtyard with porticos and two galleries on octagonal columns. The Gothic gallery on the first floor is considered the most beautiful of Spanish military architecture. On the southern chemin de ronde the gallery is flaming trace on parapets decorated using diamond.
The whole castle is surrounded by a barbican, which loopholes are carved in low relief the cross of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem, the title he enjoyed Pedro Gonzalez de Mendoza. Other defensive elements of the building are its pockets.
The castle is arranged on six floors, plus a basement: ground floor, mezzanine first, main floor, mezzanine second, upper gallery and gallery of covers. The entrance door is framed in two buckets, presents an arch.

</doc>
<doc id="31063628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063628" title="Bill Eggers">
Bill Eggers

William F. Eggers (December 27, 1932 – April 25, 1994) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour.
Eggers played for four years on the PGA Tour in the early 1960s. His best finish in this venue was a solo 2nd at the 1963 Denver Open Invitational, where he lost to Chi-Chi Rodríguez by two strokes.
Eggers was a club professional in the greater Portland, Oregon area for more than 30 years. He served as head professional at Portland's Rose City Golf Club, Gresham Country Club and Charbonneau Golf Club. He played on 15 Hudson Cup teams between 1958 and 1982, and served as the Professional Team captain in 1991 and 1992.
The Pacific Northwest Section PGA recognizes the outstanding senior amateur as determined by a vote of the professional team with the "The Bill Eggers Award" at the conclusion of their annual Hudson Cup tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31063644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063644" title="Night in Manhattan">
Night in Manhattan

Night in Manhattan (1937) is a short musical film, starring Glenn Ford and directed by Herbert Moulton
Plot.
A gentleman Emcee (Ford), is the host of a series of musical acts, making his debut profecional, a tap dancer, two good singers and a dancer, which ends with a montage of life, in a Manhattan nightclub

</doc>
<doc id="31063648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063648" title="U.S. Route 161">
U.S. Route 161

U.S. Highway 161 (US 161) was a U.S. Highway in Iowa that ran from Keokuk to Dubuque by way of Cedar Rapids. It was designated in 1925 and signed in 1926 along two primary highways. The route began at the Missouri River with US 61 southwest of Keokuk ran north through Mount Pleasant and Iowa City to Cedar Rapids. There, it turned to the northeast through Anamosa and Monticello towards Dubuque. The route ended at US 61 in Key West, a few miles west of Dubuque.
The route changed very little while it was in service. It was paved from end to end by the summer of 1932. In January 1938, it was removed from the US Highway System. From Keokuk to Cedar Rapids, it was replaced by US 218, which was extended southward. From Cedar Rapids to Key West it was replaced by US 151, which was extended westward.
Route description.
US 161 began on the US 61 bridge over the Des Moines River, which represents the border between Missouri and Iowa. The two routes ran concurrently within of the Mississippi River until they reached Keokuk, where the two routes turned to the northeast and turned away from the river. As the highway curved to the north, it passed the now-unincorporated towns of Mooar and Summitville. Southwest of Montrose, US 61 split off to the northeast to run along the banks of the Mississippi.
After the US 61 split, US 161 continued northeast towards Donnellson along Main Street where it met Iowa Highway 3 (Iowa 3). North of Donnellson, the highway diverted away from the Keokuk and Northwestern Railroad, which the highway had theretofore closely paralleled the railway. As the highway headed due north towards Mount Pleasant, it passed many small communities, but did not enter any of them. West of West Point, it intersected Iowa 103, which served as a shortcut to Fort Madison until 2003. Iowa 16 intersected the highway in northern Lee County.
Shortly after it entered Henry County, US 161 intersected Iowa 125, a short spur highway that connected Salem to the primary highway system. The road headed due north, jogging to the east only slightly to cross the Skunk River. In Mount Pleasant, it intersected US 34 and Iowa 133. Further north, it briefly overlapped Iowa 78 near Olds.
In Washington County, US 161 only intersected two primary highways: Iowa 2 near Ainsworth and Iowa 22 near Riverside. In Johnson County, the highway entered the Iowa City area from the south. Iowa 1 joined US 161 from the southwest and the two routes briefly headed north together. At the banks of the Iowa River, they were joined by US 6, and all three routes crossed the river. US 6 split away from the two routes near the University of Iowa Pentacrest. A few blocks north of campus, Iowa 1 split away to the east. A few more blocks north was the southern end of Iowa 261. North of Iowa City, the highway crossed back over the Iowa River and headed to the northwest towards North Liberty, where it intersected Iowa 153.
US 161 continued to the northwest before turning north at its last Iowa River crossing. It passed through Shueyville and entered Linn County. It entered the Cedar Rapids area from the southwest side, where it intersected US 30 and Iowa 64. The three highways headed to the northeast towards and crossed the Cedar River before entering downtown. East of downtown, US 30 split away to the east near the intersection with Iowa 11. US 161 and Iowa 64 continued northeast towards Marion, where they met Iowa 94 near its downtown. Outside of Marion, they intersected Iowa 13.
Southwest of Anamosa, the two routes met the northern end of Iowa 261. Closer to Anamosa, they crossed the Wapsipinicon River before Iowa 64 split away to the east. Now heading northeast, US 161 traversed the farmland of Jones County. In Monticello, it met the ends of Iowa 38 and Iowa 113. It crossed the South Fork Maquoketa River and headed towards Cascade, where it crossed the north fork of the river. At Cascade, US 161 met the ends of Iowa 136 and Iowa 188. Now in Dubuque County, the highway continued northeast past the New Melleray Abbey. The route ended at an intersection with US 61 in Key West, a few miles west of Dubuque.
History.
US 161 was an original U.S. Highway; it and the rest of the system were designated in 1925 and were signed by the summer of 1926. US 161 replaced parts of two primary roads in eastern Iowa – Primary Road No. 40, which was known as the Red Ball Route, from Keokuk to Cedar Rapids, and Primary Road No. 28, parts of which were known as the Red X Route. The northernmost of US 161 were a part of a territorial and military road from Dubuque to Iowa City. This road, authorized by President Martin Van Buren in 1839, was known as Dillon's Furrow, named after the Dubuque merchant Lyman Dillon who surveyed the route and marked it with a furrow.
Upon designation, only a small portion of US 161 was paved, all of which was located in and around Cedar Rapids. A short section in Keokuk and the remainder of the route north of Cedar Rapids was graveled, but not paved. A $100 million bond bill ($ in dollars) passed and approved by a plebiscite in 1928 allowed paving to commence in earnest. The entire routing of US 161 was to be completed within six years. Paving work progressed faster in some counties than it did in others. By 1930, a hard-surfaced road existed from the Missouri state line to Olds in Henry County () and from Iowa City to northeast of Cascade in Dubuque County (). All of the route were paved by June 1932.
In January 1938, US 161 was removed from the U.S. Highway System. From Keokuk to Cedar Rapids, it was replaced by US 218, which had previously ended at US 30 south of Vinton. US 218 was extended eastward along US 30 and then southward towards Keokuk. From Cedar Rapids to Key West, it was replaced by US 151, which had previously only existed in Wisconsin. US 151 was routed westward from Madison along US 18 to Dodgeville, then along US 118 to Dickeyville, then along US 61 into Iowa to Key West, and then along US 161 to Cedar Rapids.

</doc>
<doc id="31063655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063655" title="USS SC-43">
USS SC-43

USS "SC-43", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 43" or USS "S.C. 43", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-43" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 16 May 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 43", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 43".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 43" was classified as SC-43 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-43".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-43" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31063679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063679" title="Anglo-French conflicts on Hudson Bay">
Anglo-French conflicts on Hudson Bay

Anglo-French conflicts on Hudson Bay: When the English built trading posts on Hudson Bay the French tried to drive them out. This lasted from 1672 until 1713 when British sovereignty over the Bay was recognized by the Treaty of Utrecht. In 1782 Fort Churchill was captured by the French.
Since the posts were held by at most a few dozen traders and laborers they could easily be captured by a small group of soldiers, but it was difficult to send soldiers to the Bay and impractical to keep them there over winter. The short ice-free season made it difficult to take all the posts in one year. Thus the posts changed hands more or less at random whenever one side or the other sent a force into the Bay. Only in 1697 did significant British and French forces meet on the bay. Before 1689 the two kingdoms were at peace and the use of force was questionable.

</doc>
<doc id="31063695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063695" title="Chrysler Valiant (SV1)">
Chrysler Valiant (SV1)

The Chrysler SV1 Valiant is an automobile which was produced in Australia from March 1962 to April 1963 by Chrysler Australia. This model was also manufactured in Argentina between 1962 and 1968, by the local subsidiary Chrysler-Fevre, being simply known as Valiant. In this country, the SV1 model was known as "Valiant II". Also, this model was the successor of the Argentine version of the RV1, which was known in that country as "Valiant I".
Changes.
The SV1 Valiant (or "S Series" ) was introduced in March 1962, replacing the Chrysler RV1 Valiant (or "R Series") only ten weeks after the release of its predecessor. Like the RV1 it was essentially a US design, assembled in Australia. It was an evolution of the previous model, featuring a revised radiator grille treatment with the name "Valiant" at the top. The bootlid no longer included a non-functional spare wheel moulding and round tail-lights replaced the previous oblong units. Mechanical changes included larger brakes, increased fuel tank tank capacity and a corrosion resistant exhaust muffler. A steering-column mounted gearshift replaced the floor-mounted shifter, however cars fitted with the automatic transmission option retained push-putton controls.
In 1962, was presented in Argentina the first compact model manufactured by Chrysler in that country. It was a derivative of the model Australian RV1 and was known in that country simply as "Valiant". Two years later, was presented the Argentine version of the SV1, which was dubbed "Valiant II", also being presented as the successor of the first Valiant. Both cars were aesthetically very similar, however, differed in their engines, being the "Valiant I" motorized with a 6-cylinder 2800 cm3 and the "Valiant II" (also known as Valiant V-200), with a 6 cylinder 3700 cm3.
Model range.
The SV1 was offered only in 4 door sedan form. Like its predecessor, the SV1 was marketed as "Valiant by Chrysler" rather than as "Chrysler Valiant".
Engines and transmissions.
The SV1 Valiant was offered only with a 225 cubic inch capacity inline six cylinder engine, with a choice of 3 speed manual transmission or 3 speed “TorqueFlite” automatic transmission.
Production and replacement.
Some 10,009 SV1 Valiants were built prior to its replacement by the Chrysler AP5 Valiant in May 1963.
See also.
Chrysler Valiant

</doc>
<doc id="31063708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063708" title="Journal of Graph Algorithms and Applications">
Journal of Graph Algorithms and Applications

The Journal of Graph Algorithms and Applications is an open access scientific journal devoted to the subject of graph algorithms and graph drawing.
The journal was established in 1997. The current editors-in-chief are Roberto Tamassia and Ioannis G. Tollis. It is abstracted and indexed by Scopus and MathSciNet.

</doc>
<doc id="31063763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063763" title="Fresh Sounds from Middle America (vol 2)">
Fresh Sounds from Middle America (vol 2)

Fresh Sounds From Middle America (vol 2) was the second in a series of compilations featuring bands from the Midwest region of America. Volume 2 was a split compilation cassette-only release featuring 18 tracks from 5 bands.
The "Fresh Sounds" series was organized by Bill Rich, of Talk Talk magazine, as a way to promote regional bands nationally.
Reception.
Snippets of the review from "The Offense": 

</doc>
<doc id="31063787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063787" title="Anaplan">
Anaplan

Anaplan is a cloud-based business modeling and planning platform for sales, operations and finance. The company is a recent entrant to the business planning market, which for decades has been dominated by the “big four” legacy vendors: IBM, Oracle, SAP, and Microsoft. Anaplan CTO Michael Gould developed Anaplan as a response to these legacy systems. At the core of his technology is a single hub where the business user, and not IT, can build, deploy, maintain, and share models.
Anaplan is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in England, France, Sweden, Benelux, and Singapore.
History.
Anaplan was founded in 2006 by Guy Haddleton and Michael Gould. Gould noted, “Outdated technologies and disconnected legacy applications have made dynamic interaction across teams nearly impossible, forcing users into static models that can’t keep pace with daily change” – and set about to change that. He spent two years developing a platform that could utilize new computing abilities, such as in-memory computing, 64-bit multi core processing, database innovation, and SaaS delivery. After four years of platform development, Anaplan was officially launched to the public in October 2010.
By year’s end, Anaplan had gained so much market traction that it was being hailed as a creator of the “new market” in performance management. Anaplan brought on Frederic Laluyaux as CEO in 2012. Under his leadership, the company has attracted new funding, doubled its headcount, opened new offices worldwide, and added some notable household names as customers.
In 2012 alone, Anaplan grew its customer base by 500% and revenues by 800%. Customers include HP, McAfee, Pandora, Diageo, Kimberly-Clark EE, and Aviva.
Anaplan closed its C-Round funding in March 2013 with a $33M investment from Meritech, Shasta Ventures, Granite Ventures, Salesforce.com, and additional private investors.
Anaplan announced May 13, 2014 at its Hub 2014 conference in San Francisco that it has completed a Series D round of $100 million in financing, bringing total investment in the company to $150 million.
Technology.
Using cloud computing, multi-tenant data architecture and an in-memory calculation engine (Hyperblock), Anaplan has created a powerful and flexible platform delivered to end-users as a SaaS product.
Anaplan's HyperBlock architecture unites a hybrid of relational, vertical, and OLAP databases with memory data store and calculation. In spreadsheet planning, every cell has a unique formula that is interdependent on other cells. Instead, the HyperBlock automatically records updates at a granular level by amending only the affected cells. As volumes scale, users can instantaneously update or change models of any size.
The “Living Blueprint” is the brain behind Anaplan’s in-memory platform. This master repository of business rules is where all the intelligence behind a model is generated and maintained. This allows adjustments to the model to be made in seconds, thus allowing the model to grow and adapt with a constantly changing business.
Anaplan is a Software-as-a-Service (“Saas”) and is completely cloud-based. This eliminates the need for dedicated hardware or maintenance teams to make the platform work. It also enables “Zero Deployment” – users can log onto the platform on almost any device, from anywhere.
User Conference.
Anaplan has a biannual customer-facing event: Anaplan Hub. It is a place for customers to speak and share stories, as well as a platform for the executives to announce product releases, updates, and new strategies.
In May 2013, the inaugural Hub took place in San Francisco. Customer speakers included Diageo, Pandora, McAfee, HealthTrust, Serena Software, Wind River, 2degrees, and AirAsia Expedia.
In October 2013, it hosted Hub Europe in London. Customer speakers included Aviva, Hewlett-Packard, and Kimberly-Clark Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31063797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063797" title="Pancracio Celdrán">
Pancracio Celdrán

Celdrán received a degree in Hispanic literature and a doctorate in philosophy and letters from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid; a master's degree in comparative history; and has also received degrees in middle eastern history, English literature, comparative literature, and Hebrew language and culture. 
His academic activities have taken him to various universities in the United States (notably Berkeley), in Europe, and in Israel (namely at the University of Haifa, the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and Ben-Gurion University of the Negev). He was also a guest professor at the International Lebanese University in Beirut. 
Though he has worked occasionally in print and on television, his journalistic activities have been chiefly in the medium of radio, where he has worked as a writer, executive producer, and special correspondent. He has also participated in radio "tertulias" (in effect, panel discussions). He is presently a contributor to "No es un día cualquiera" ("It's Not Just Another Day"), a weekend news magazine broadcast by Radio Nacional de España, and the resident linguistic consultant of "El Semanal", the Sunday supplement published by the "Grupo Vocento". 
In addition to many books, Celdrán has contributed material to "Raíces" ("Roots"), a cultural review of the Jewish community in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="31063805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063805" title="Google Street View in Canada">
Google Street View in Canada

In Canada, Google Street View is available on streets, roads, and highways in most parts of the country, with coverage in all provinces and territories. The feature is also provided in Whistler Blackcomb Resort, the location of the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Background.
Introduction.
Street View in Canada began on October 7, 2009. On this day, Street View was made available for several large Canadian cities, as well as Banff National Park and Whistler, British Columbia (one of the sites from the 2010 Winter Olympics). This was after long anticipation of the feature in the country. Street View cars had been spotted as early as September 2007, in Montreal.
On December 2, 2009, nine more Canadian cities were added, from east to west St. John's, Sherbrooke, Sudbury, London, Winnipeg, Saskatoon, Edmonton and Victoria.
On February 10, 2010, many more areas of Canada (barring extremely northern and rural areas) were added. Of note, ski runs on Whistler Blackcomb Resort is also covered in this update. As of 2013 the northernmost community imaged is the Arctic island community of Cambridge Bay, Nunavut. As of April 2014 the only Canadian urban areas whose images have not been uploaded are the urban areas within the Labrador region of Newfoundland and Labrador.
On October 10, 2012, street view images in many parts of Canada were updated and some new images of parks, trails, university campuses and zoos were added.
On March 19, 2013, the Nunavut city of Iqaluit was imaged. Rather than shipping a car or using a trike the city will be imaged using backpack mounted cameras over a period of three days. One of the people involved, Chris Kalluk, was responsible for Google mapping Cambridge Bay, his home town. Iqaluit officially appeared on Street View on July 9, 2013, coinciding with Nunavut Day.
With the inclusion of Iqaluit all provincial/territorial capitals have been imaged and are available on Street View.
In 2014, Street View imagery of Fort McMurray was uploaded. The northern Alberta city was the last remaining major Canadian urban area to be imaged. However, as of 2014, Street View imagery has yet to be uploaded for any communities in Labrador.
Concerns over legality.
Canada was one of the first countries following the introduction in the United States where the prospect of introducing Street View was known to the public. In 2007, following the debut of Street View in the United States, concern was brought up that the same in Canada may not be legal. Canada's laws regarding privacy differ from those of the United States. Images of the streets in Canada were taken early on by Immersive Media, the contractor used by Google at the time that took most of the early images. But it would be a long time before Street View would be seen in Canada, and Street View in several other countries would predate that of Canada.
Canada's Federal Privacy Commissioner Jennifer Stoddart warned Google and Immersive Media that Street View violated the country's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), which prohibits commercial use of personal data without the individual's consent.
Google responded by agreeing to respect privacy laws in Canada and other countries.
Ultimately, Google agreed to blur faces and license plates that appeared in images taken. Google has since done the same in other countries, including the United States, regardless of whether or not it is legally compelled to do so.
Timeline of introductions.
Note: Bold indicates locations available in newer high quality view, and italic bold indicates locations partially available in high quality view. Almost all of Canada can be seen in high quality street view.
Privacy concerns.
While Canada, like other jurisdictions, has raised the issue of privacy concerns regarding Google Street View, the presence of Google cameras in one Canadian city in March 2009 gave rise to a different complaint. Les MacPherson, a columnist with the Saskatoon Star-Phoenix, complained in a March 28, 2009, column that the timing of the imaging, at the end of a protracted winter season and before the true onset of spring would cast an unfavourable image of Saskatoon and other cities. "What worries me more than any loss of privacy is the prospect of presenting to the world a highly unflattering impression of Canadian cities. With the possible exception of Victoria, they do not show off well in the spring. Google could not have picked a more inauspicious time to do its scanning. Saskatoon is unfortunately typical. For Google to record its images of the city at this most visually unappealing time of year is like photographing a beautiful woman who has just awakened from a six-month coma," he wrote. In early October 2009, the first Canadian cities began to appear on Street View; several, including Saskatoon, were not included in the initial roll-out. One city that was included, Calgary, included images taken in both summer and winter. Images of Saskatoon were rolled out on December 2, 2009.
In October 2010, Stoddart said that Google violated the privacy of thousands of Canadians when the cars inadvertently collected personal data about them while filming Street View in the country. Google apologized for the breach.
More recently, several areas have had their pictures re-taken, for example, Toronto. Toronto's old images appeared to have been taken in late October, but these new images appear to have been taken in late March, April and May, as evidenced by images where school bulletin boards indicate the month is as such.

</doc>
<doc id="31063808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063808" title="Shurtan Stadium">
Shurtan Stadium

Shurtan Stadium, also known as "Sho'rtan Stadion" is the official home of FC Shurtan Guzar.

</doc>
<doc id="31063816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063816" title="Hougang Secondary School">
Hougang Secondary School

Hougang Secondary School (abbreviation: HS; Simplified Chinese: 后港中学) is a Co-educational secondary school located in Hougang, in the northern part of Singapore.
School history.
Hougang Secondary School started functioning on 2 January 2001 at 58 Lowland road. It was relocated to its permanent site at 2 Hougang Street 93 on 20 December 2001.
The school's motto is ‘Make the Difference'.

</doc>
<doc id="31063822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063822" title="Discover Ireland">
Discover Ireland

Discover Ireland is a consumer website operated by Fáilte Ireland, the tourism board of the Republic of Ireland, and the Northern Ireland Tourist Board, and features comprehensive information and listings for Irish accommodation, activities, events, tourist attractions and Irish holiday special offers. The Discover Ireland website is supported by a comprehensive home holidays media campaign throughout the year. 

</doc>
<doc id="31063823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063823" title="Victor Martinez (author)">
Victor Martinez (author)

Victor L. Martinez (February 21, 1954 – February 18, 2011) was a Mexican American poet and author. He won the 1996 U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literature for his first novel, "Parrot in the Oven: Mi Vida".
Life.
Martinez was the born in Fresno, California to migrant agricultural field workers of the Central Valley. He was one of twelve children. 
Victor attended California State University at Fresno and later obtained a graduate degree from Stanford University on a Wallace Stegner Creative Writing Fellowship. He began writing as a poet and published a book of poetry, "Caring for a House," in 1992. He was a member of Humanizarte, a collective of Chicano poets, and later of the Chicano/Latino Writers' Center of San Francisco. 
He supported himself with jobs as a welder, truck driver, firefighter, teacher, and office clerk. 
In February 2011, he died of lung cancer at age 56 in San Francisco.
"Parrot in the Oven".
Martinez and his first novel "Parrot in the Oven: Mi Vida" won a National Book Award in 1996. 
"Parrot" was a semi-autobiographical account of a 14-year old Mexican American boy growing up "in a world of gangs, violence and poverty" in the projects of Central Valley (California). 
Martinez wrote the novel for adults but an editor suggested promoting it in the young-adult fiction market. 
It has been translated into languages including Spanish, Italian, Japanese, and German, and widely acclaimed by young people around the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="31063826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063826" title="USS SC-44">
USS SC-44

USS "SC-44", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 44" or USS "S.C. 44", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-44" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 3 April 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 44", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 44".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 44" was classified as SC-44 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-44".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-44" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31063840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063840" title="My Son Is Guilty">
My Son Is Guilty

My Son Is Guilty is a 1939 crime film, starring Bruce Cabot and Glenn Ford and directed by Charles Barton.
Plot.
Tim Kerry (Harry Carey), a veteran cop in the district of Hell's Kitchen, welcomes his son Ritzy (Bruce Cabot) after spending two years in prison. Ritzy has good friends and his former wife Julia (Julie Bishop) is hopeful that it will go on the right track. But the head of the gang, Morelli (Wynne Gibson) knows that Ritzy has good talent for crime, and makes a great offer, very hard to refuse.

</doc>
<doc id="31063843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063843" title="The Battle for Marjah">
The Battle for Marjah

The Battle for Marjah is an HBO documentary written, filmed and produced by Ben Anderson, covering the efforts of Bravo Company, 1st Battalion, 6th Marine Regiment, in Operation Moshtarak.

</doc>
<doc id="31063854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063854" title="Savannah, North Carolina">
Savannah, North Carolina

Savannah is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States. Savannah is located along North Carolina Highway 116 and US 441, south of Dillsboro and southeast of Webster. It has its own fire department, a community center, and a couple of businesses lining US 441 and NC 116, and little else except homes.
History.
The 1920s also exposed the inequality that existed between rural schools and the town schools, it was said in the Jackson County Journal, May 9, 1924 Issue "Sylva Students complete the 7th Grade at age 13, Savannah students complete the 7th Grade at 15 years of age. The only children that can complete a grade a year are the those who live in the wealthy districts where it is possible to maintain an eight months term. Only 45% of the children in the county can had the benefit of a term of eight months. The children in the schools with a shorter term must spend one to two years more in the Elementary School than they should. The result of this is that hundreds of boys and girls drop out of school before they graduate Elementary School. If they manage to complete Elementary School, they are so over age and handicapped that more than half of them drop out before completing their first year of high school." This was partially fixed in 1936, with the opening of the old Webster Rock School and fixed once and for all when a consolidated school for the Greens Creek & Savannah Townships opened in 1940, the grades 1-7 school was named Savannah Consolidated School. It was a seven-classroom school with a lunchroom and a gym/auditorium. For the first time ever, students in the Savannah Township could enjoy modern conveniences, such as electric lights, indoor restrooms, and a very modern building. But the school wasn't without its problems. It was overcrowded from the start, due to the unanticipated level of students attending it because they had been attending school in Webster, Sylva, or Dillsboro, due to the better buildings there before 1940. The School was still a great building, and it didn't absolutely require expansion until 1955. In 1955, four new classrooms and a new set of restrooms, as well as a water tower on top of the red-brick flat-roof addition was added to the school, easing overcrowding and allowing expansion of the lunch room and raising the number of classrooms to 10. The beautiful school proudly served around 300 students until it closed due to consolidation in 1973. Since that time, it has been converted to an Antique Mall, and due to boards covering much of the windows, it doesn't look quite as beautiful as it once did.
In 1955, the roadway between Gold City on top of Cowee Mountain and Dillsboro was widened, realigned, and regraded to a straighter 2-lane format. Road cuts were added, and the road remained in this form until the 1970s, when it was straightened even more and expanded to be 5 lanes. Parts of the 1950s and 1920s roads still exist as side roads, but like the old US 19/23 through the Scotts Creek and Sylva Townships, it has been cut off in multiple places by the newer highway. Several one-lane concrete bridges still exist from the 1920s roadway, and the present highway retains much of the alignment of the 1950s roadway. Savannah Township has had its own fire department since the 1980s, and has a community center, several businesses lining the highway, and many nurseries in the area. The area also has spectacular mountain scenery visible from the Highway, and is home to the Victory Baptist Church & Christian School. Many churches are in the Savannah area, as well as some natural and manmade treasures that grace the community, including a waterfall and a 1930s See Rock City Barn facing the Highway. Savannah isn't quite what it once was, but it is still a very living rural community.

</doc>
<doc id="31063908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063908" title="The Big Oak">
The Big Oak

The Big Oak is a large live oak ("Quercus virginiana") located in Thomasville, Georgia, in the United States at the corner of Crawford Street and Monroe Street. The Big Oak is one of many historic landmarks located in Thomasville. The Big Oak was one of the earliest trees registered with the Live Oak Society. Registered by P.C. Andrews in 1936, the Big Oak was the forty-ninth Live Oak registered. At the time of registration, the Big Oak's girth was 21 feet 6 inches.
"Quercus virginiana".
The "Quercus virginiana" is a species of oak found from Texas to Florida to Virginia. The common names for the "Quercus virginiana" include the Live Oak, the Southern Live Oak, and the Texas Live Oak. Size and growth varies depending on proximity to coastal regions. The larger Live Oaks tend to grow further inland, whereas Live Oaks in coastal regions tend to be smaller. "Quercus virginiana" produces small flowers during the spring, and the tree is pollinated by the wind. The Live Oak is also considered a rapidly growing species. The growth of the Live Oak begins very quickly, however as it becomes older its growth rate begins to decline.
History of the Big Oak.
The Big Oak dates back to circa 1680, which makes it one of the oldest Live Oaks in the country. The Thomasville Live Oak has been recognized several times for its long lifespan by various societies, including the International Society for Agriculture in 1987. The tree has been able to withstand human encroachment for centuries, and remains a major landmark in Thomasville today. The property on which the tree stands was once owned by Mr. and Mrs. John Albert Chastain. The Chastain family owned this property from 1906 until the mid-1960s. The Chastains raised their family in a home under this large Live Oak for nearly sixty years. Mr. Chastain's mother remembers a time when the Big Oak was standing in a pond, rather than the lot Mr. Chastain remembers. In 1966, Mrs. Elisabeth Ireland Poe and the city of Thomasville, purchased the property and turned it into a public park. Mrs. Poe was famous in Thomasville for her ownership of Pebble Hill Plantation from 1936 until her death 1978. Mrs. Poe was dedicated to preserving the history and heritage of Thomasville and thus purchased the property along with the city. Also in 1966, a donation of a historic Victorian-style gazebo was made by Mrs. Otto Carter of Meigs, Georgia. This type of gazebo is a rare find in the present day, unless it has been re-fabricated in the Victorian Style. Estimates in 1968 by Thomasville architect Robert Jinright indicated that the cost of building such a gazebo would reach $10,000. The gazebo was restored and remains a focal point of the property today. At a 1969 Commission meeting, a proposal was made by the Thomasville Garden Club to allocate a $5,000 fund, known as the Walter Hildebrand fund, to the beautification of the property. After a unanimous decision by the Board to appropriate the funds, the Garden Center used the money to construct a lattice-work brick wall on two sides of the property. This wall is referred to by members of the community as "The Living Wall." The lot on which the Big Oak stands was dedicated to the memory of Mrs. Elisabeth Ireland Poe on February 7, 1982 by the city of Thomasville.
The Big Oak once received a distinguished visitor in 1958. On a hunting visit to Thomasville with colleague George M. Humphrey, Dwight Eisenhower stopped by to take a photograph of the tree on his way to the airport. The President reportedly asked his driver to stop while he took a photograph. He then exited the vehicle, stood on the porch of Mrs. Rudolph Keyton, took his photograph and returned to his car. While many in the city love and cherish the Big Oak, others are not so fond of it. In a letter to the editor in 1973, David Stuecher wrote: "We certainly ought to figure some reason to eliminate it, if for no other reason than to eliminate a potential safety hazard." He went on to say, "Why wait, when it's going to die eventually, anyhow." 
Tourists are often another critic of the Big Oak. Many call into question the age of the tree as posted on the sign. According to Waymon Dekle, tourists often ask "how do you know it's 300 years old?" To which Dekle jokingly replies, "The little lady who planted the acorn lives right around the corner. Go round and talk to her." 
Preservation of the Big Oak.
Various efforts have been made to preserve this magnificent landmark in Thomasville. These efforts include the addition of support cables, the implementation of an underground watering system, an above ground sprinkler system, as well as an "on call" tree surgeon. The various support cables are intertwined about the tree in order to provide strength to the limbs, some of which are mere feet above the ground. While efforts to protect the tree have been in place for decades, accidents have happened. In June 1973, a truck struck the tree at 8:15 a.m. The damage was minimal, however Frank Scites of Ochlocknee, Georgia was charged by police for failure to stay on the city truck route. In 1975, two incidents occurred that damaged the Big Oak. City Manager John Baxter and Superintendent of the Department of Parks and Cemeteries Waymon Dekle surveyed the damage and called for immediate action to repair the damaged limbs. Two limbs were damaged by large trucks driving through the area without enough clearance. The Davey Tree Company worked for days to further protect the tree from damage, and perform routine maintenance on its limbs. In 1978 a 14 foot section of a broken limb was "surgically" removed from the tree in order to prevent further damage. According to Waymon Dekle, superintendent of parks and cemeteries, "When we find a diseased or damaged part it should be cut off or we could run the risk of losing the entire tree." The Big Oak has continued to grow throughout the past century, and will continue to do so if precautions are taken to assure its safety. In 1936 when the Big Oak was registered with the Live Oak Society it measured: 49 feet, 9 inches in height, 21 feet, 6.5 inches in girth, and had a limb span of 146 feet, 8 inches. Nearly forty years later, the tree had grown substantially. With a height of 68 feet, a girth of 22 feet and a span of 155 feet it was clear that the Oak was thriving in Thomasville.
The Big Oak today.
Efforts continue today to protect this historical tree from being damaged by people, however some damage has still occurred. On November 30, 2005, truck driver, James Hayden, collided with two of the trees large limbs and wrenched them from the tree. The Thomasville Police Department charged the driver with "Disobeying a traffic control device." The Big Oak is a very popular location for weddings and various other social gatherings. In 1985 alone, 23 weddings took place underneath the tree. Many receptions for various community events are held in the gazebo, as well as Easter sunrise services, picnics, and school field trips. The Big Oak serves as one of many tourist attractions in Thomasville. In 2005 The Big Oak produced acorns for the first time in decades. During the fall of 2005, Mrs. Carol SIngletary, granddaughter of John Albert Chastain, collected over one hundred acorns and cared for them throughout the germination process. When they were large enough she placed them in potted soil and continued to raise them until they became seedlings. Of the remaining seedlings from the original one hundred acorns, Mrs. Singletary gave them to relatives who share her history of the property. Of the seedlings, several were given to Mrs. Singletary's sister, Rebecca Hasty Boswell. Mrs. Boswell raised three of the seedlings, and on Arbor Day 2009 Mrs. Singletary presented Sue White of Pebble Hill Plantation with one of these seedlings. The tree was planted on Pebble Hill Plantation, and is referred to as "The Baby Big Oak." Recently, the city of Thomasville has implemented a camera that photographs individuals in front of the tree. If you wish to have a photograph taken next to the tree you simply need to dial (229)236-0053. The picture will then be uploaded to the local website http://www.rose.net/plogger/index.php

</doc>
<doc id="31063914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063914" title="Atlas Foundry explosion">
Atlas Foundry explosion

An explosion occurred at Atlas Foundry on October 6, 2007 in Tacoma, Washington. It began with a propane tanker that exploded at Atlas Castings & Technology. The entire explosion was captured by surveillance cameras, and on amateur video. The footage shown from the camera mounted in an alley on Atlas property shows driver Charles McDonald delivering propane from his truck to stationary tanks. The gas was first ignited by a hot furnace inside the foundry. . A relatively small flash explosion inflicted what proved to be fatal burns on McDonald. Subsequent explosions sent fire hundreds of feet into the air and were heard for miles. Badly injured but conscious, McDonald crawled approximately 200 feet away from the fire before the tanker's 8,000-gallon load of propane exploded. McDonald survived the second explosion but died in hospital two days later from burns. This was considered one of the most catastrophic disasters in Tacoma and the first incident the company has ever experienced. 
The explosion made several news headlines, and was seen on one of truTV's "Most Shocking" clips.
On Wednesday, October 24, 2007, the Tacoma Fire Department released the results of its investigation into the explosions the Atlas foundry. The report determined that the accident was caused by a mechanical failure in the propane supply line at the connection to the propane tanker that resulted in the release of a massive cloud of gas, which was ignited by a hot furnace inside the foundry.

</doc>
<doc id="31063926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31063926" title="Climate of Saudi Arabia">
Climate of Saudi Arabia

The climate of Saudi Arabia is marked by high temperatures during the day and low temperatures at night. Most of the country follows the pattern of the desert climate, with the exception of the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="31064002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064002" title="Adurgari">
Adurgari

Adurgari (ادرغارى) is a secret cant of the nomadic Shaikh Mohammadi tribe of peddlers of Afghanistan, used especially in the presence of outsiders. It is not a native language but is taught to children around age seven; all adults speak it in addition to Persian and Pashto. It contains a mixture of words, but resembles Kohistani of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31064003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064003" title="Jesús Ochoa (actor)">
Jesús Ochoa (actor)

Jesús Ochoa (; born May 21, 1959), is a Mexican actor.
His life.
Ochoa was born in Hermosillo, Sonora, México, the son of Manuel Ochoa Martínez and María Cruz Domínguez de Ochoa, brother of Manuel Ignacio, Tobías, Juan Ángel, Miriam Guadalupe, Mari Cruz, and Ana Isabel Ochoa Domínguez.
"Choby", as he is known, is an actor whose origin is considered as being from Ures, Sonora, since he grew up there from the age of three years up until he was fourteen, age at which he returned to Hermosillo to continue his studies at Normal del Estado.
In 1974, his artistic career began when he appeared in several plays in the city of Hermosillo. In 1979, he moved to Mexico City to study at the Instituto de Arte Escénico until 1984, in which he began to perform university theater with José Ramón Enriquez in "Ciudad sin sueños".
In 1985, he returned to Hermosillo and acted in the well known play “La Tuba de Goyo Trejo”, also participated in several commercials and TV shows. He stayed until 1991, when he returned to Mexico City starting with the play “El Jefe Maximo”, for which he is nominated as revelation of the year by the Critics and Chronists Theater Union.
During the next few years, he continues to perform in a series of plays, films, soap operas, and TV shows. In April 1998 he marries the actress María Eugenia Leñero and settles in Mexico City.
Awards and nominations.
Ariel Awards, México
- In 1999 he won for Best Male Co-Performance for Bajo California: El límite del tiempo (1998)
- En 1996 he won for Best Male Co-Performance in Entre Pancho Villa y una mujer desnuda (1996)
MTV Movie Awards, Mexico
- In 2004 he was nominated for Best Cameo in Ladies' Night (2003)
- In 2003 he was nominated as Favorite Villain in Ciudades oscuras (2002)
Periodistas Cinematográficos de México, A.C.
- In 2005 he was nominated for the Silver Goddess as for Best Male Co-Performance in en Conejo en la luna (2004)

</doc>
<doc id="31064021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064021" title="The Great Mountain Biking Video">
The Great Mountain Biking Video

The Great Mountain Biking Video is a mountain biking instructional videotape, produced in 1987 and released in 1988 by San Diego, USA video production company New & Unique Videos.
History.
Patty Mooney and Mark Schulze, an early user of the Helmet camera, learned about the sport of mountain biking while in Canada in 1986. In 1987, the couple produced the mountain biking video, "The Great Mountain Biking Video."
The video featured mountain-bike racing professionals Ned Overend, Martha Kennedy, John Tomac, Julia Ingersoll, Tinker Juarez, Trials rider, Kevin Norton and Olympian John Howard (cyclist) who instructed viewers on how to properly ride a mountain bike.
The video was favorably reviewed by Video Choice, The Video Rating Guide for Libraries, and Billboard Magazine. It was officially endorsed by the National Off-Road Bike Association, now a division of USA Cycling. 
"The Great Mountain Bike Video" was one of the first instructional videos demonstrating mountain biking techniques, and also includes early use of the helmet camera.

</doc>
<doc id="31064024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064024" title="Stugudal Chapel">
Stugudal Chapel

Stugudal Chapel () is a chapel in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Stugudalen, about southeast of the municipal center of Ås.
The church was built in 1957 and was consecrated on 28 July 1957 by the Bishop Arne Fjellbu.

</doc>
<doc id="31064032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064032" title="Tydal Church">
Tydal Church

Tydal Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Aunet, about west of the municipal center of Ås.
The red church building was built in 1696 in a Y-shape, but it has been remodeled several times since to enlarge and repair it. The building now holds about 270 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31064035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064035" title="McQueen Street">
McQueen Street

McQueen Street was a hard rock band from Montgomery, AL, consisting of Derek Welsh on lead vocals, Richard Hatcher on bass, Michael Powers on guitar, and Derek's brother Chris Welsh on drums.
Background.
The band was originally known as "Klass", which formed in 1987 and played mostly covers of other bands' material and was well-known on the Southeast rock music club circuit in the late 80's. The band changed its name to McQueen Street and signed a record deal with SBK Records, a division of EMI in 1990. The new name came from the name of the street where the band's recording studio was located in their hometown.[http://www.melodicrock.com/interviews/mcqueenstreet.html]
The band's debut album, simply titled "McQueen Street" was produced by Tom Werman, with production help on one track from guitarist Steve Stevens of Billy Idol's band, including his guitar work in places, plus vocal assistance from Jeff Scott Soto, formerly of Journey. Two songs, "Money" and "My Religion" had music videos that were played on MTV's "Headbangers Ball", and two of the band's songs charted in the Top 50, while "My Religion" went to #1 in Europe. However, the grunge movement out of Seattle in the early 1990s displaced many bands whose music was based on 1980s-style rock, and the 2nd album produced by Tony Platt never saw the light of day. The band was dropped from its record deal and subsequently disbanded.[http://www.melodicrock.com/interviews/mcqueenstreet.html]
Drummer Chris Welsh was found dead in his home in 1994 due to an accidental self-overdose of prescription medication while suffering a respiratory illness.
Singer Derek Welsh and bassist Richard Hatcher then formed the band Rat Race Choir which, due to trademark issues involving another band in Long Island, NY with the same name, changed its name to simply The Rat Race, which went into an alternative rock direction. The band toured the USA as a support act for numerous headliners including The Dave Matthews Band, Blues Traveller & Widespread Panic for the remainder of the 1990s before breaking up in 2000.[http://www.melodicrock.com/interviews/mcqueenstreet.html]
In late 2008, bassist Richard Hatcher joined the existing alt-country band The High Horse Band, formed in 2004 and based in Pensacola, FL, which played the club circuit mostly in the Florida Panhandle and Alabama, then quit the band in 2010 and returned to his hometown to form the rock cover band Chronic Illusion, which ironically plays many of the hits of the Seattle Grunge movement that displaced bands like McQueen Street.[http://www.chronic-illusion.com/bio.html] Chronic Illusion is a Montgomery, Alabama based band, headed by Hatcher and Mark Marvin.
As of 2011 Richard Hatcher is still on the rock 'n' roll roller coaster. He joined the band Flying 75 and band leader Kerby Carr is a seasoned musician born in the same Year as Richard. "Things just clicked with me and Kerby" said Richard. "It's like we were brought up on the same music.". With band members Nora Gutting and Brandon Hamilton this band has a lot to be proud of. They are going to see the world and have been contracted with Proship, a booking Agency in Canada, to play on the Monarch of the Sea, a Cruise ship from Port Canaveral, for the next 5 months. Richard and the band will be writing original material while at sea and with the vocal talent of Nora this band will be on top in no time. Keep your ears open as you will be hearing a lot more of this band very soon. 
Derek Welsh self-released the 2nd McQueen Street album in 2003 after acquiring the rights from EMI, and his personal web site offers all the albums he's been associated with including merchandising. Combining all album sales from both bands, McQueen Street & The Rat Race, album sales have totaled 300,000 worldwide.[http://www.derekwelsh.com/bio.html]
Richard Hatcher is now in Dallas TX with a new band called "Icon Rising". They have just released their 3rd CD and this band is hot, playing shows all over Dallas and have just signed a deal with Zumba to do 33 cities in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31064052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064052" title="Flavio Chigi (1631-1693)">
Flavio Chigi (1631-1693)

Flavio Chigi (10 May 1631 - 13 September 1693) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and Duke of Ariccia. He was Cardinal-Nephew to Pope Alexander VII and became a powerful political force inside the Roman Catholic Church during the latter half of the 17th century.
Early life.
Flavio Chigi was born 10 May 1631 in Siena, the son of Mario Chigi and Berenice della Ciaia (a noblewoman from Siena). He studied philosophy and law and obtained a doctorate in utroque iuris. When his uncle Fabio Chigi was made Legate to Germany, Chigi followed him there but was soon sent back to Italy to complete his studies.
In 1656, he was made Governor of Fermo and in 1658 he was made Governor of Tivoli. In the meantime, his uncle had been elected Pope in 1655 and had taken the papal throne as Pope Alexander VII. In 1657, Chigi was appointed as his Cardinal-Nephew.
Cardinalate.
Upon his elevation to Cardinal, Chigi was appointed Cardinal-Priest of Santa Maria del Popolo.
In 1659, at the death of Cardinal Luigi Capponi, Chigi was appointed Librarian of the Holy Roman Church and held the role for several years.
In 1664, Chigi was received by King Louis XIV of France
Following the death of his uncle, he oversaw the creation of the tomb for Alexander VII, designed by Gianlorenzo Bernini
Papal conclave of 1667.
Pope Alexander VII died on 22 May 1667 and 64 cardinals came together for the papal conclave of 1667.
The College of Cardinals was divided into several factions. The strongest of them was the party loyal to Chigi, which grouped twenty-four of his uncle's creatures. Another influential person was "Dean of the College", Francesco Barberini, who was leader of the group of old cardinals created by his uncle Pope Urban VIII. Small but important because of the possibility of using the right of exclusion were the factions of the so-called "Crown-Cardinals", of Spain and France. They represented the respective interests of Charles II of Spain and Louis XIV of France.
The French party was instructed to work for the election of cardinal Secretary of State Giulio Rospigliosi. Unlike France, Spain placed its interests in the hand of the incompetent ambassador Marquis Astorga. He allied himself with Chigi, although initially Barberini tried to obtain Spanish support for his own candidature.
Initially Chigi, supported by the Spanish party, proposed to elect cardinal Scipione d'Elci, but was not able to secure for him the required majority of two thirds. The alliance between the representatives of two major Catholic powers proved decisive and on 20 June 1667, Cardinal Giulio Rospigliosi was elected to the papacy, receiving all votes except those of his own and of Neri Corsini, who voted for Chigi.

</doc>
<doc id="31064053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064053" title="Renée Carpentier-Wintz">
Renée Carpentier-Wintz

Renée Carpentier-Wintz (1913–2003) was a French painter. She was the wife of French artist Raymond Wintz (1883–1956). Like her husband, she was famous for her beautiful Brittany landscapes.

</doc>
<doc id="31064079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064079" title="2011 Clarkson Cup">
2011 Clarkson Cup

The 2011 Clarkson Cup was contested at the Barrie Molson Centre in Barrie, Ontario, Canada. The four competing teams included three from the Canadian Women's Hockey League and one from the Western Women's Hockey League. All teams played each other in a round robin Thursday March 24 through Saturday March 26, with the top two teams meeting in the final Sunday March 27. In 2010 the tournament consisted of just two semi-finals and a final. A change to the format this year has made the tournament longer.
Qualification.
The top four teams from the CWHL competed in a tournament based on seedings. Seeds were determined by standings at end of regular season play. On March 11 and 12, the number 1 seed played against the number 2 seed while the number 3 seed challenged the number 4 seed. The victors competed on March 13 to determine the CWHL champion. The WWHL champion was the lone WWHL team to compete in the Clarkson Cup.
Boston Blades is eliminated and cannot participate in the Clarkson Cup Championship. Montreal Stars, Brampton Thunder and Toronto Aeros will participate in the final tournament. The Minnesota Whitecaps of the WWHL complete the four teams.
Tournament.
On the first games, Toronto and Montreal went on to the victory over Brampton and Minnesota . In the second day, Sarah Vaillancourt scored 3 goals during the game to lead Montreal to a 7-4 victory over Brampton. In the another match, Sami Jo Small celebrated her 35th birthday by stopping 40 shots to lead Toronto to a 6-0 win over Minnesota. The Championships tournament runs over the weekend. Saturday, Montreal scored a crucial victory 2-1 against Toronto. This win guarantees Montreal a place in the Clarkson Cup final, on Sunday against Toronto, who also recorded two victories in the tournament .
Championship game.
March 27th Sunday: The final Game concluded with the powerful Montreal team defeating Toronto 5 -0. Montreal got off to a 2 - 0 lead in the first period, The first goal was scored by Noémie Marin on a backhand from her off wing at 14:47 minute as she converted a pass from Caroline Ouellette. The second goal was scored at 7:29 minute from a face off in the Toronto end as Dominique Thibault took the draw and Vanessa Davidson skated off the boards, picked up the puck and put a quick shot behind goaltender Sami Jo Small. The lone goal of the second period was scored at 10:36 by Sabrina Harbec on a nice outside drive cutting by Annie Guay. Sabrina Harbec pulled the goalie across the crease and put the puck in the top corner. The shots at the end of the second period were 34 to 17 in favour of Montreal Stars.
Montreal added two more goals in the third period to capture the 5-0 win Final game. At the 5:33 minute, Julie Chu feathered a pass to Caroline Ouellette. Ouellette making a perfect low shot to score. The final goal of the game was scored with 2:42 left as Sarah Vaillancourt picked up a pass from Caroline Ouellette and she hit the mark on a quick shot from about five feet out. Toronto goalie Sami Jo Small played well in defeat as Montreal controlled the game outshooting Toronto 51 to 26. Toronto did threaten offensively early in the game and could have turned the contest around but Montreal goalie, Kim St-Pierre, came up with exceptional saves to earn the shutout and ultimately crown Montreal Stars the Clarkson Cup Champions 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31064088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064088" title="Lake Te Paritu">
Lake Te Paritu

Lake Te Paritu, also known as Black Lake, is one of two small crater lakes on Mayor Island / Tuhua in the Bay of Plenty, New Zealand. It is connected to the larger Lake Aroarotamahine or Green Lake by a wetland, but there is no surface outlet to the sea as both lakes are in a depression.
The lake has a black colour due to fine sediment. According to Māori legend, the black is the blood of Tuhua (obsidian) which fought a battle with Pounamu (greenstone) who, defeated, fled to the South Island.

</doc>
<doc id="31064115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064115" title="Beachs Corner, Idaho">
Beachs Corner, Idaho

Beachs Corner is an unincorporated community in Bonneville County, Idaho, United States. Beachs Corner is located at the junction of U.S. Route 26 and Idaho State Highway 43 northeast of Idaho Falls. It is named after Aaron Williams Beach 1847-1912 who owned a farm there. His home was located on the opposite corner lot South across the Yellowstone Highway. The farmland was Northwest on the other side of the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="31064121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064121" title="Zand Boulevard">
Zand Boulevard

Karim Khan Zand Boulevard is a boulevard in central Shiraz, Iran connecting Valiasr Square to Namazi Square. It passes Shahrdari Square and Emam Hossein (Setad) Square.

</doc>
<doc id="31064177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064177" title="Labone, Accra">
Labone, Accra

Labone is a district of Accra, Ghana bounded to the south by Labadi Road. Cantonments Road serves as the district's western boundary, while Labadi Crescent is the eastern boundary. The Ring road separates Labone from the southern district of Osu.
As an extension of touristy Osu, Labone offers a mix of houses dating from the early 20th century. Unlike Osu, however, Labone remains largely residential albeit with the siting of some embassies and corporate headquarters in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="31064178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064178" title="Husavik Power station">
Husavik Power station

Husavik Power Station is a geothermal power station in Húsavík, Iceland. It has a rated capacity of 2 MW. The plant was built by Mannvit Engineering in cooperation with Exorka International. It uses the Kalina power cycle technology and was commissioned in 2000. The geothermal brine flows from wells located convert|20 km south of Husavík.

</doc>
<doc id="31064188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064188" title="Unterhaching Power station">
Unterhaching Power station

Unterhaching Power Station is an Electrical Facility in Germany with a rated 20MWh heat output. The facility outputs electrical energy rather than thermal heat.

</doc>
<doc id="31064193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064193" title="Nip Drivers">
Nip Drivers

The Nip Drivers were an American punk rock band formed in 1980 in Torrance, California. The band was the brainchild of lead singer Mike Webber, and for a time included guitarist Kurt Schellenbach, Janus Jones on bass, and Nick Passiglia on drums, though the lineup at any given time was fluid. They played fast hardcore punk, often infused with humor and a total lack of political correctness. In addition to their own compositions, they recorded sometimes improbable covers of pop hits such as Olivia Newton-John’s “Have You Never Been Mellow,” Duran Duran's "Rio," and Sweet’s “Fox on the Run”. The last is heard on the soundtrack of the 1984 film "Desperate Teenage Lovedolls". The band also made a cameo appearance in the 1985 film "Echo Park" starring Susan Dey and Tom Hulce.
After a period of inactivity, Webber emerged with an all new line-up in the 1990s. In 2000, the '80s LPs were reissued on CD.
References.
[http://cosmichearse.blogspot.com/2009/01/two-beautiful-nip-drivers-7s-from-90s.html]
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090994/

</doc>
<doc id="31064203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064203" title="Feast of the Hunter's Moon">
Feast of the Hunter's Moon

Feast of the Hunter’s Moon is the debut album by Portland, Oregon-based bluegrass band Black Prairie, released in 2010 on Sugar Hill Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31064206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064206" title="Mary Hynes">
Mary Hynes

Mary Hynes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31064226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064226" title="City of Crime">
City of Crime

City of Crime may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31064269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064269" title="Jean-Louis de Biasi">
Jean-Louis de Biasi

Jean-Louis de Biasi is a French philosopher, lecturer, and author.
Career.
de Blasi was born in Castillonnès (France) in 1959. He holds a Masters degree in Philosophy (University of Bordeaux), taught Philosophy in France as a teacher for over 15 years, and also has a Diploma in Hebrew and Gestalt therapy. He is a specialist in Ancient Mediterranean religions, classical and Hermetic philosophy, Freemasonry, and rituals in the Western Tradition. He is the current lifetime worldwide Grand Master (i.e., head of the organization) of the "Ordo Aurum Solis", having held this position since June 2003, and is also the head of the Kabbalistic Order of the Rose-Cross. Various degrees, considered some of the highest in Western Esotericism, have been conferred upon him. With regard to Freemasonry, he is a Master Mason and Past Master connected to the Grand Lodge F.A.A.M. of Nevada (U.S.A.) as well as a Scottish Rite 32° (S.J. U.S.A.), F.G.C.R., and Freemason of the Royal Arch.
In 1997, Jean-Louis de Biasi founded "La Parole Circule" (Spread the Word), the first-ever online magazine of international scope devoted to Freemasonry and restricted to Freemasons. This magazine was published until 2008. He was also one of the founders of the online community of "Fraternelle des Internautes Francophones", the first French Masonic one to be established.
During his days in France (that is, before his joining American Freemasonry), the entirety of degrees comprising Egyptian Freemasonry (thus, 33° to 95°) as well as various related ones were conferred upon him.
Beginning in 1999 and over the course of the next few years, he reawakened, founded, and organized within the "Grand Orient de France" the Egyptian system of Memphis-Misraim according to the American degrees organized by John Yarker. It was also during 1999 that the "Grand Orient de France" asked him to create a scientific publication which was called "Arcana". He was nominated Grand Chancellor in 2002 and Grand Orator in 2003.
As an author, Jean-Louis de Biasi has written in French about the fields of Freemasonry, ancient religions, and rituals. His writings in English have been and continue to be published by Llewellyn Publications. Several of his books have been translated into various languages such as French, Portuguese, Spanish, and Dutch. 
Published Works.
Books.
Excerpts from his bibliography (books and their foreign editions):
• "ABC de l'Aura" (ABC of the Aura), Grancher, Paris, 1997 & 2000.
• "Le martinisme" (Martinism), Sepp, Paris, 1997. (Spanish Edition: Manakel Publications, Madrid, SP.)
• "Les rites maçonniques égyptiens en franc-maçonnerie" (The Egyptian Rituals in Freemasonry), Edimaf, Paris, 2001.
• "ABC de magie naturelle" (ABC of Natural Magic), Grancher, Paris, 2000.
• "L'énergie du Tarot" (The Energy of the Tarot), Grancher, Paris, 2004.
• "ABC de spiritualité maçonnique" (ABC of Freemasonic Spirituality), Grancher, Paris, 2006.
• "ABC de kabbale chrétienne" (ABC of Christian Kabbalah), Grancher Paris, 2008. (Portuguese Edition: Madras Publications, Brazil)
• "ABC de l'ésotérisme maçonnique" (ABC of Esoteric Freemasonry), Grancher, Paris, 2009.
• "ABC de la Magie sacrée" (ABC of Sacred Magic), Grancher, Paris, 2010. (Portuguese Edition: Academia Platonica, Las Vegas.)
• "Secrets and Practices of the Freemasons", Llewellyn Publications, Woodbury, MN, 2010. (Portuguese Editions: Europa-America Publications, Portugal & Agora Hermetica Publications, Fortaleza, BR, 2012. Dutch Edition: AnkhHermes Publications, Utrecht, 2012.)
• "The Divine Arcana of the Aurum Solis", Llewellyn Publications, Woodbury, MN, 2011. (Portuguese Edition: Agora Hermetica Publications, Fortaleza, BR, 2012.)
• "Livres sacrés hermétistes" (The Hermetic Sacred Books), Academia Platonica Publications, Las Vegas, 2012.
• "Luz sobre a Iniciaçao" (Light upon Initiation), Madras Publications, Sao Paulo, BR, 2012.
• "Harmonizaçoes astrologicas" (Astrologic Harmonizations), Agora Hermetica Publications, Fortaleza, BR, 2012.
• "Rediscover the Magick of the Gods and Goddesses", Llewellyn Publications, Woodbury, MN, 2014.
CDs.
• "Initiation à la relaxation" (Relaxation), Academia Platonica, 2004.
• "Cagliostro et l’oracle de la colombe" (Cagliostro), Academia Platonica, 2004.
• "Enochian Sounds", Academia Platonica, 2005.
• "Les rites maçonniques" (Masonic Rituals), Academia Platonica, 2005.
• "L'Ordre Kabbalistique de la Rose-Croix et l'hermétisme" (Hermetism and the Rose-Cross), Academia Platonica, 2006.
• "Cours de Tarot" (Tarot Courses), Academia Platonica, 2010.
Art.
• "The Aurum Solis Tarot Deck and Booklet", Academia Platonica, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31064280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064280" title="Jacob Zeitlin">
Jacob Zeitlin

Jacob Israel Zeitlin (November 4, 1902 – August 30, 1987) was an American bookseller, publisher, collector, poet and intellectual in Los Angeles in the mid-twentieth century.
He was born in Racine, Wisconsin, but moved with his family to Fort Worth, Texas in his childhood and to Los Angeles in 1925. For many years, Zeitlin lived in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles. He opened his first bookshop in 1928, on Hope Street near 6th Street in downtown Los Angeles, and over the years moved his shop a number of times, its final location being in a converted barn on La Cienega Boulevard. He founded the Primavera Press, to produce fine printed books, and was a co-founder of the Rounce & Coffin Club, which supported and encouraged fine printing in Southern California for many years. During his sixty years as a rare book seller, he and his many friends and associates, known as the "Zeitlin circle," was a significant force in the cultural and intellectual life of Los Angeles.
Zeitlin was one of the first people to exhibit the woodcuts of fellow Echo Park resident Paul Landacre and the photographs of Edward Weston, as well as the first in America to exhibit the work of German artist Käthe Kollwitz. Zeitlin was also a poet and the editor of "Opinion", a short-lived but influential Angelino intellectual journal. A liberal in politics, Zeitlin was the campaign manager for Helen Gahagan Douglas' Senatoral campaign. He also lobbied against the La Cienega Boulevard highway, bringing artistic friends such as actor and art dealer Joan Ankrum to Sacramento to protest.

</doc>
<doc id="31064287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064287" title="Jeff Decker">
Jeff Decker

Jeff Decker is a sculptor and historian who is known for his bronze sculptures, the most notable of which is titled "By the Horns" (also known as "The Hill Climber"), a 16-foot-tall, 5,000-pound bronze located on the grounds of the Harley Davidson Museum. His bronze-cast sculptures depicting the synergy of man and modern machines, particularly historic motorcycles, is known in both the motorcycling community and the world of fine art. , Decker was Harley-Davidson's official sculptor.
Professional background.
Decker is the son of Allen and Lana Decker. Steeped in the southern California car culture of the 1960s, Decker learned the ways of his father. An intense collector, Decker's father owned one of the area's largest flathead speed equipment collections. 
Working full-time at a bronze casting foundry, Decker's first idea was to capture Man's quest for speed in all vehicles. His first sculpture was a 1924 Miller Indy car. Next came the Baby Bootlegger, a 1922 world record-holding speedboat. 
On display at Bob Dron Harley-Davidson located in Oakland, California, Decker created a life-size bronze statue from a famous photograph of Joe Petrali showing him astride a Harley Streamliner, taken during Petrali's historic 136 mile per hour record setting run at Daytona on March 13, 1937. and is the only bronze sculpture artist licensed by Harley Davidson to replicate their products. Decker also created a five-foot-tall, about 1,000 pound bronze of Elvis with a Harley-Davidson motorcycle he owned, a 1956 KHK model.

</doc>
<doc id="31064313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064313" title="United States v. Smith">
United States v. Smith

United States v. Smith could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31064320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064320" title="Tya (river)">
Tya (river)

The Tya is a river located in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The long river flows from the lake Stuggusjøen near Stugudalen and flows north to the village of Ås where it joins the Nea River. It is part of the Nea-Nidelvvassdraget river system.

</doc>
<doc id="31064325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064325" title="Casualties of the Libyan Civil War">
Casualties of the Libyan Civil War

Estimates of deaths in the Libyan civil war vary with figures from 2,500 to 25,000 given between March 2 and October 2, 2011. An exact figure is hard to ascertain, partly due to a media clamp-down by the Libyan government. Some conservative estimates have been released. Some of the killing "may amount to crimes against humanity" according to the United Nations Security Council and , is under investigation by the International Criminal Court.
Deaths caused by government forces.
On February 22, the International Coalition Against War Criminals gave an estimate that 519 people had died, 3,980 were wounded and over 1,500 were missing.
Human Rights Watch has estimated that at least 233 people had been killed by February 22.
On February 23, Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs Franco Frattini stated that according to his information 1,000 people had died so far.
On February 24, the IFHR said that 130 soldiers had been executed in Benghazi and Bayda, after they mutinied and sided with the protesters.
On February 25, Navi Pillay, the High Commissioner for Human Rights of the United Nations, said that reports indicated that "thousands may have been killed or injured".
Deaths caused by rebel forces.
Among the security forces there had been more than 1,700 dead, including civilians in support of the government, alleged mercenaries and government soldiers. There have been many reports that members of the security forces have been killed by both the government and the opposition.
On February 18, two policemen were hanged by protesters in Benghazi. Also, on the same day, 50 alleged African mercenaries, mostly from Chad, were executed by the protesters in Bayda. Some of them were killed when protestors burned down the police station in which they locked them up and at least 15 were lynched in front of the courthouse in Bayda. The bodies of some of them were put on display and caught on video. By February 23, the government confirmed that 111 soldiers had been killed.
On February 23, a group of 22 government soldiers attempted to make a breakout from an air base near Derna, which had been under siege for days by rebel fighters. Within hours, all of them were captured and eventually 12 of them were shot execution style while a 13th was hanged by the opposition forces. Between February 15 and May 22, 37 former government loyalists were killed in Benghazi in revenge killings by some opposition groups.
Toward the end of the Battle of Misrata (February 18, 2011 – May 15, 2011), at least 27 sub-Saharan Africans from Mali, Niger or Chad, who were accused of being mercenaries, were executed by rebel forces.
Deaths caused by Coalition forces.
The Libyan official sources claimed that at least between 64 and 90 people were killed during the bombardments on the first two days of the U.N. intervention and another 150 had been wounded. The Vatican news agency claimed that in Tripoli alone, at least 40 civilians died as a result of the bombing campaign. According to the Libyan Health office, the airstrikes killed 1,108 civilians and wounded 4,500 by July 13.
Legal status.
On February 26, 2011, the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) stated in UNSC Resolution 1970, "the widespread and systematic attacks currently taking place in the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya against the civilian population may amount to crimes against humanity" and referred "the situation" in Libya since February 15, to the International Criminal Court (ICC), a permanent tribunal that presently can prosecute individuals for genocide, crimes against humanity or war crimes. On March 4, the ICC assigned investigation of the case to Pre-trial Chamber I, consisting of Judge Cuno Tarfusser from Italy, Judge Sylvia Steiner from Brazil and Judge Sanji Mmasenono Monageng from Botswana.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen stated on March 28 that NATO was impartial and that it interpreted the terms of UNSC Resolution 1973 on the protection of civilians to apply to both rebel and government forces. The BBC stated that "the rebels felt they had a 'private understanding' of the NATO mission, that the western world has joined them in a campaign of regime change." The NATO Secretary General described the possibility that NATO would attack rebel forces who endanger civilian populations as "hypothetical" as of the date of the interview.
Timeline of reported deaths per event.
Combatant deaths.
Based on the numbers, between 5,887 and 6,609 opposition members/fighters (including some civilian supporters) and between 3,309 and 4,227 Gaddafi loyalists had been killed by October 23, 2011.
In addition, another 1,350 opposition fighters and activists have been confirmed as missing in the fighting in the east, 781–900 were reported to be missing in the Battle of Misrata, of which 163 were later confirmed dead when found in two mass graves, 136 went missing during the Nafusa Mountains Campaign, 74 were missing following the Battle of Brega–Ajdabiya road and up to 700 rebels were missing following the Battle of Bin Jawad, of which 170 were later found in a mass grave, for a total of 2,708–2,827 rebels reported missing.
In January 2013, the new Libyan government stated, based on unfinished research, that 4,700 rebel fighters and a similar number of loyalist soldiers were killed during the conflict. An estimated 2,100 rebels and loyalists were missing. No count was given on the number of killed and missing civilians.
Civilian deaths.
There had been at least 5,376 to 7,037 reported civilians killed by October 23, 2011. However, a number of civilians were also killed during the Second Battle of Benghazi and during the campaign in the Nafusa mountains, so the number could be far higher. Also, the number of civilians reported to had been killed in NATO air-strikes could be smaller because it was proven that some of the previous government-announced tolls from individual strikes were exaggerated.
Overall deaths.
In the end, according to the numbers presented, a total of 14,572 to 18,873 deaths have been reported, of which some have not been independently confirmed.
The opposition stated near the end of the war that 25,000 people had been killed and 4,000 had been reported as missing.
In January 2013, the new Libyan government, based on unfinished research, estimated the number of killed to be actually far lower than previous estimates, with 4,700 of the dead being rebel fighters, a similar number loyalist soldiers and an undefined number civilians. An estimated 2,100 rebels and loyalists were missing.
Deaths overall.
The total number of people killed includes protesters, armed belligerents, and civilians:

</doc>
<doc id="31064338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064338" title="Merrett R. Stierheim">
Merrett R. Stierheim

Merrett R. Stierheim is a public administrator in the public sector in Miami-Dade County, Florida, USA, from 1959 to the present.
Schooling.
Stierheim was an Air Force cadet graduate and served as a First Lieutenant Navigator from 1953 to 1957. He graduated third in his class with a Master's Degree in Governmental Administration from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and earned a Bachelor of Science in Commerce and Finance from Bucknell University, where, upon graduation, he was awarded the Outstanding Student Achievement Award from the "Wall Street Journal".
Early career 1959-1976.
Stierheim interned and later served as Assistant City Manager in Miami from 1959 to 1967; as Clearwater City Manager from 1967 to 1973; and Pinellas County Administrator from 1973 to 1976.
County Manager of Miami-Dade County 1976-1986.
Stierheim first served as County Manager from 1976 to 1986 and successfully supervised a $5 billion countywide infrastructure expansion including the construction of Miami Metro Zoo, the downtown library and cultural complex, the Government Center, several regional parks, libraries, water, sewer and solid waste facilities, and the county's mass transit system - Metrorail and Metromover. He also dealt with a number of events with national repercussions when the community assimilated more than 160,000 refugees from Cuba (the Mariel Exodus) and Haiti. In 1980, he helped restore law and order after severe civil disturbances and joined community leaders to address the social inequities that sparked the disturbances. Many of those programs are still in place today.
CEO of the Women's Tennis Association 1986-1989.
After nearly ten years as County Manager, Stierheim was recruited as President/CEO of the Women's Tennis Association, which included Chris Evert, Martina Navratilova, Pam Shriver and other tennis professionals. As CEO, Stierheim is credited with making women's professional tennis more international in its scope, doubling prize money, expanding the tiered feeder system of professional tournaments and establishing a player's pension plan.
Stierheim worked with Butch Buchholz to move the Lipton International Players Championships tennis tournament to Key Biscayne in 1987.
CEO of the Greater Miami Convention & Visitors Bureau 1990-1996.
In 1990, Stierheim was appointed President and CEO of the Greater Miami Convention & Visitors Bureau, a marketing, not-for-profit organization with 1,100 corporate members whose mission is to promote Miami-Dade County as a convention, business and leisure destination. Working with government and industry leaders, Stierheim established the Bureau's first dedicated advertising fund with a value exceeding $5 million. When crimes against tourists in 1993 threatened the community's number one industry, Stierheim lobbied for more tourist signs, law enforcement programs and community awareness of the importance of the visitor industry.
During the boycott of the visitor industry by the African-American community, he established the Visitor Industry Human Resource Development Council (VIC), a private, not-for-profit organization working to increase the economic participation of African-Americans at management and professional levels in the local visitor industry through hospitality scholarships. Today, the VIC has awarded over 100 college scholarships and raised well over $1 million from the visitor industry.
Stierheim's efforts led to Miami-Dade experiencing its best tourism years ever in 1995, 1996, and 1997. For his work, he was awarded the 1996 Tourism Professional of the Year by the local visitor industry, and in 1997 he completed the required courses from Purdue and Calgary universities to become a Certified Destination Management Executive.
City Manager of the City of Miami 1996-1996.
After top Miami officials were indicted in a kickback scheme at City Hall in 1996 Stierheim was brought in in September and served "pro bono" as interim City Manager of the City of Miami where he uncovered a $68 million shortfall in a once approved bogus city budget. He then led a recovery effort, enlisting over forty "pro bono" private and public sector executives in thirteen task forces and presented a financial recovery plan to the City that is still being followed. The previous city manager, Cesar Odio, was later convicted of bribery and went to prison. More recently, Stierheim completed a similar "pro bono" financial review at the request of the Homestead Mayor and Council.
County Manager of Miami-Dade County 1998-2001.
In March 1998, he was asked to return to Miami-Dade County to manage a scandal-ridden, demoralized county government with a $4.5 billion budget, 28,000 employees, and 42 departments, including Miami International Airport, the Port of Miami, transportation, water and sewer, health and human services, police and fire.
Town Manager Miami Lakes 2001.
He served as the first interim Town Manager of the newly formed Town of Miami Lakes for two months. While conducting a national search for a permanent Manager, he led the Council through a strategic planning process and prepared the Town's first two budgets.
Superintendent of Miami-Dade County Public Schools 2001-2004.
Stierheim was named Superintendent of Miami-Dade County Public Schools in October 2001. The school board hired him after a land-acquisition scandal left his predecessor, Roger Cuevas, without a job and the board without the trust of the public. He served until June 30, 2004.
Mediator 2004-present.
In 2004, Stierheim joined Wetherington, Klein and Hubbart as a mediator. He shares office space with attorney Hugo Black, Jr., son of the former US Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black.
City manager of the City of Doral 2012-present.
Merrett Stierheim was unanimously approved by the City of Doral Council to be hired as the new City Manager. The vote took place at a special meeting held on December 4, 2012.
Miscellaneous.
In 1998, Stierheim received an Honorary Doctor of Law degree from Barry University in Miami, Florida. Stierheim is the recipient of numerous local, national and international awards. He has been involved in or has been a principal founder of major Miami-Dade civic and municipal institutions including, the Beacon Council, the GMCVB, and Metro Miami Action Plan (MMAP). He has served on the board of directors of more than 30 local, state and national organizations including Barnett Bank, SunBank, Travel Industry of America (TIA), International Association of Convention & Visitors Bureaus (IACVB), United States National Tourism Organization (NTO 10) and the United Way of Miami-Dade County. Currently, he is a member of the Orange Bowl Committee and serves on the following Boards: YMCA, Zoological Society, Collins Center for Public Trust, The Beacon Council, Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce, GMCVB, and Mellon National Bank. He is a lifetime member of the International City and County Management Association and is the Chair and lectures at the Academy for Strategic Management at FIU. He also holds a Florida Real Estate license and is certified by the American Arbitration Association to serve on the Complex Arbitration Panel.
In 2003, Stierheim was a National Public Service Award winner. The awards are presented jointly by The American Society for Public Administration and The National Academy of Public Administration to recognize outstanding practitioners who have spent most of their careers in public service.
Stierheim is married to Judy Cannon and has four daughters, Laurey, Cathy, Mia and Paula.
There is a Merrett R. Stierheim Urban Affairs Department at the Miami-Dade Public Library System.

</doc>
<doc id="31064369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064369" title="Chinese Information Operations and Information Warfare">
Chinese Information Operations and Information Warfare

Chinese Information Operations and Information Warfare are based on concepts and terms similar to those used by the United States, but the Chinese have evolved them to be more suitable and relevant to Chinese culture and to communist doctrine. While the People's Republic of China has adopted the idea of information dominance, its method for going about information dominance differs, using ancient methods such as the Thirty-Six Stratagems.
China's serious interest in Information Warfare (IW) and Information Operations (IO) began after the United States victory in the first Gulf War (1990–1991). U.S. success was the result of information technologies and the total dominance it was able to provide in the battle space. From that point on the People's Liberation Army (PLA) began to seriously invest in and develop its own concepts of IO and IW and what they mean to the People's Republic of China (PRC).
The idea of a Revolution in Military Affairs (RMA) including IO and IW has arisen as a school of thought in Chinese warfare. China's leadership has continuously stressed using asymmetric techniques to counter more powerful nations, such as the United States, and IO and IW are a tools that the PLA are using to achieve their goals.
Definitions of Chinese Information Warfare and Information Operations.
The United States is a notable exception by having its IO & IW doctrine unclassified and available on the internet; the IO & IW doctrine of most countries is classified. Hence, current information about Chinese policy and doctrine is not freely available. This section summarises the information available. The reader will note that most of it is of US origin, and most of it is five or more years old. Notable exceptions are the publicly released versions of annual reports to the US Congress.
A July 1998 conference held in San Diego, sponsored jointly by the RAND Center for Asia-Pacific Policy and the Taiwan-based Chinese Council of Advanced Policy Studies, "brought together Chinese military experts to discuss the non-hardware side of the People’s Liberation Army’s modernization." In his presentation, James C. Mulvenon stated: "Chinese writings clearly suggest that IW is a solely military subject, and as such, they draw inspiration primarily from U.S. military writings. The net result of this “borrowing” is that many PLA authors’ definitions of IW and IW concepts sound eerily familiar."
The father of Chinese IW, Major General Wang Pufeng, wrote "Information war is a crucial stage of high-tech war. . . . At its heart are information technologies, fusing intelligence war, strategic war, electronic war, guided missile war, a war of “motorization” zhan, a war of firepower —a total war. It is a new type of warfare."
In a strategic analysis paper for the Indian Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses written in 2006, Vinod Anand examines the definitions of Chinese Information Warfare. He notes that although Chinese understanding of IW was initially based on western concepts, it has increasingly moved towards evolving its own orientation.
In December 1999, Xie Guang, the then Vice Minister of Science & Technology and Industry for National Defence, defined IW as:
In two articles in the "Liberation Army Daily", dated June 13 and June 20, 1995, Senior Colonel Wang Baocun and Li Fei of the Academy of Military Science, Beijing, noted several definitions. They concluded:
They went on to state:
Also quoted are some of the more general definitions. For example:
Not included in these definitions is the emphasis that the PLA places on asymmetric warfare, particularly using IO and IW to compensate for technological inferiority. This list also omits an element that plays a large role in Chinese IW and IO: computer network operations. Also not addressed is the role of "informationisation" in the development of Chinese capabilities. These are discussed in the following sections.
Asymmetric warfare.
In a 2001 paper in the U.S. "Military Review", T L Thomas examines the writings of Major General Dai Qingmin, (Director of the PLA's Communications Department of the General Staff responsible for IW and IO), Senior Colonel Wang Baocun (of the PLA's Academy of Military Sciences) and others on the ways that China is employing "Electronic Strategies" to realise the benefits of asymmetric warfare.
Thomas also summarises the April 2000 issue of the Chinese journal "China Military Science" which contains three articles on IO subjects. The only one written in English, ("The Current Revolution in Military Affairs and its Impact on Asia-Pacific Security," by Senior Colonel Wang Baocun), presents a quite different approach to an article Wang Baocun wrote only three years previously where he presented a description of IW which contained the elements of Soviet/Russian military science.
In the article "On Information Warfare Strategies," by Major General Niu Li, Colonel Li Jiangzhou and Major Xu Dehui (of the Communications and Command Institute), the authors define IW stratagems as "schemes and methods devised and used by commanders and commanding bodies to seize and maintain information supremacy on the basis of using clever methods to prevail at a relatively small cost in information warfare."
Informationization.
Information warfare is a subset of informationization. As a result of technological advancement, China has now entered an era where Informationization is the military concept of the present and future. Informationization "entails embracing all the opportunities and technologies the Information Age can offer and integrating them into military systems".
China's 2004 White Paper on National Defense outlines the importance of informationization.
The U.S. Department of Defense's 2009 Annual Report to Congress on "Military Power of the
People’s Republic of China" defines local wars under conditions of informationization as "high intensity and short duration fighting against high technology adversaries" ... "capable of fighting and winning short-duration, high-intensity conflicts along its periphery against high-tech adversaries". Additionally, local war under informationization is an effort which seeks to fully develop and link land, air, sea, space and the electromagnetic spectrum into one system.
Examples of Chinese use of IO.
Chinese Information Operations against the United States.
Computer Network Operations, including cyber operations, are being undertaken by both Chinese citizens and the Chinese government. Because the United States has a weak critical infrastructure, it is vulnerable to Chinese Cyber Operations. As was described to the United States Congress:
In response to cyber operations undertaken by China against United States companies and infrastructure, Amitai Etzioni of the Institute for Communitarian Policy Studies has suggested that China and the United States should agree to a policy of mutually assured restraint with respect to cyberspace. This would involve allowing both states to take the measures they deem necessary for their self-defense while simultaneously agreeing to refrain from taking offensive steps; it would also entail vetting these commitments.
Chinese Information Operations and unification with Taiwan.
The PRC is actively seeking to unify Taiwan with mainland China. Rather than risk failure of a militarily forced unification, which could lead to de facto independence of Taiwan, PRC leadership has taken a different approach. By using computer network operations, the PRC believes it can undermine the will of Taiwan by attacking the Taiwanese infrastructure. In the meantime, the PRC will use computer network operations to delay any U.S. response, thereby causing Taiwanese surrender before the U.S. can help.

</doc>
<doc id="31064374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064374" title="Prince Rupert Daily News">
Prince Rupert Daily News

The Prince Rupert Daily News was a daily newspaper in Prince Rupert, British Columbia, closed in 2010. Its last owner was Black Press, the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in British Columbia, which owns the competing weekly "Northern View".
The "Daily News" traced its history back to 1911, having also published under the names "Evening Empire" and "Prince Rupert Optimist". 
By 2010 the newspaper had only approximately 750 subscribers, and was in a financial decline, similar to the struggling port community it covered.
Black Press purchased the "Daily News" in July 2010, as part of a larger deal that saw Glacier Media sell several of its British Columbia papers, mostly weeklies, to Black. Former Black executive Don Kendall bought Glacier dailies in Cranbrook and Kimberley as part of the same deal, remarking that Black "wasn't as interested in some titles – Cranbrook, Kimberley, Nelson, and Prince Rupert – but Glacier was only selling the papers as a block."
Black did purchase the "Nelson Daily News" and "Prince Rupert Daily News" in 2010, and ended up closing them days later. It already owned competing weeklies in both markets, the "Nelson Star" and "The Northern View". Rick O'Connor, Black's chief operating officer, said the Nelson and Prince Rupert newspapers, along with two other weeklies shuttered the same day, had lost $1 million in the past year.
Black purchased the "Daily Townsman" and "Daily Bulletin" from Kendall a year later, promising that both "will continue to run under their current business plan and we anticipate few changes."

</doc>
<doc id="31064398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064398" title="Evolution (Infinite EP)">
Evolution (Infinite EP)

"Evolution" is the second EP by the South Korean boy band Infinite. The song "BTD (Before the Dawn)" was used to promote the EP. They released the song "Voice of My Heart" on December 29, 2010 as a teaser, and the full EP was released a week after, on January 6, 2011.
Controversy.
During the promotions of the title track "BTD (Before the Dawn)", the music video of the song was considered to be controversial as it depicted violence.
Sales and certifications.
Physical Sales

</doc>
<doc id="31064409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064409" title="Karen R. Keesling">
Karen R. Keesling

Karen Ruth Keesling (July 9, 1946 - July 4, 2012) was the United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) from 1988 to 1989.
Biography.
Karen R. Keesling was born in Wichita, Kansas on July 9, 1946. She was educated at Arizona State University, receiving a B.A. in 1968 and an M.A. in 1970.
Keesling was Assistant Dean of Women at the University of Kansas for 1971-72. From 1972 to 1975, Keesling worked in the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare as executive secretary of the Secretary's Advisory Commission on Rights and Responsibilities of Women. From 1975 to 1977, she was Director of the White House Office of Women. She was then a women's rights analyst in the Library of Congress's Civil Rights Division. She then attended the Georgetown University Law Center, receiving her J.D. in 1981. From 1979 to 1981, she was also a legislative aide of Sen. Nancy Landon Kassebaum (R–Kan.)
In 1981, Keesling joined the United States Department of the Air Force, serving as Deputy for Equal Opportunity and Director of Equal Employment Opportunity, 1981-82; as Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Manpower Resources and Military Personnel, 1982-83; Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Manpower, Reserve Affairs, and Installations, 1983-87; and as Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Readiness Support, 1987-89.
On September 7, 1988, President of the United States George H. W. Bush nominated Keesling to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs). She held this position until 1989.
In the early 1990s, she joined the United States Department of Labor, serving as Acting Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division.
She moved to Sun City, Arizona in 2000 and practiced law there until her retirement in 2009. She died July 4, 2012 in Sun City.

</doc>
<doc id="31064466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064466" title="Pebbles (radio personality)">
Pebbles (radio personality)

Susan Lynne Semedo ("Pebbles") is a radio presenter, personality, and voice-over artist in the Boston, Massachusetts area.
Early life and education.
Pebbles is Cape Verdean and a native of Wareham, Massachusetts. Her mother, Henrietta (Lopes) Semedo, was an office manager and her father, Kenneth Semedo was an X-Ray technician who retired in 1989. As she grew up, she had dreams of being a lawyer, pediatrician and newscaster.
After graduating from Sacred Heart High School in Kingston, Massachusetts in 1982, Pebbles attended Northeastern University in Boston first as an Engineering student, but later switched majors, and graduated with a degree in Communications Studies
Career.
She started her radio career in 1988 in Boston at WILD 1090, a station with a predominantly African-American audience, first as a midday on-air personality, before becoming part of the station's morning show.
In 1995, Pebbles left WILD for JAM'N 94.5 (WJMN), a Boston hip-hop FM radio station, to co-host the "Baltazar & Pebbles Morning Show." While Baltazar left the morning show in 2001, Pebbles remained at WJMN and was paired with Ramiro Torres to form the "Ramiro & Pebbles Morning Show." She interviews celebrities and reports on traffic, news, and entertainment gossip, with segments including Entertainment Update, Fast Facts, and The Ladies Room. She is known for her "big-sister" aura at a station where 18 to 34-year-old women are the largest audience. Her Ladies Room segment includes advice for women on relationships, styles, and careers.
In January 2011, WJMN was ranked fourth in the Boston area, with 1,063,800 listeners, according to Arbitron.
Pebbles also runs her own communications company providing vocals for commercials, web presentations, audio books and phone systems. She writes an online blog called "The Pebbles Perspective".
In an interview with the Boston Globe in 2006, Pebbles said that while interviewing celebrities is definite perk of her job, "I like when we get to talk to audience members and people call in the show. That's the fun part for me."
December 6, 2012 marked Pebbles last day at Jam'n 94.5 after being released from her contract from Clear Channel. One month later, she joined Greater Media's Hot 96.9 and became the new morning drive host debuting on January 8, 2013. On March 1, Greater Media announced that she will be reunited with Baltazar on the morning show beginning on March 4.
Women on-air in Boston.
Pebbles is credited by New England media critics for her staying power morning radio dial, in a field where few women have had such success. Radio industry professionals have said that in the world of popular music radio, where on-air personalities have to have a "colorless lifestyle," Pebbles has made herself relatable to any group. 
She also serves as a strong role model to young girls in the Boston area interested in technology and science.
Pebbles is a strong supporter of youth literacy, and spent National Reading Month in March 2011 going to schools to read. Each student in the classrooms received a special backpack, books and school supplies.
Newspaper articles have labeled women hip-hop/pop/rock radio morning show hosts in Boston a "vanishing species," saying that women are often replaced by male personalities who can compete with syndicated male-dominated morning shows. 
There are currently a handful of women morning radio hosts and co-hosts on Boston's 20 top-ranked popular music stations, including Pebbles on WJMN, co-host Kennedy on WBMX, Rita Cary on WXRV, and traffic reporter Lisa on the "Matty in the Morning" show on WXKS-FM.
Origin of the nickname.
Pebbles, whose real name is Susan Semedo, was given her radio nickname while at WILD in the 1980s. 
Program Director Elroy Smith told her she needed a radio-friendly name, and gave her three choices: Pebbles, Gypsy, or Asia. She chose Pebbles because, at the time, R&B singer Perri "Pebbles" Reid was popular for the song "Mercedes Boy." "It kind of had a buzz around the name, which is good," Pebbles told the Boston Globe in 2006.
Achievements.
"The Ramiro & Pebbles Morning Show" was awarded Best Morning Show by Cityvoter.com in January 2011.
Pebbles reported from the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="31064492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064492" title="Nebraska Lacrosse">
Nebraska Lacrosse

The University of Nebraska men's lacrosse team is a club team participating in the Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association (MCLA), in the Great Rivers Lacrosse Conference. It was established in 2001.
History.
The Nebraska club lacrosse team was created around 2001 with Randy Howard as head coach. It has seen a great expansion since its inception.
When the MCLA was formed, Nebraska was originally a Division 2 team, due to lack of campus interest. It moved up to MCLA Division 1 in 2008, now competing in GRLC Division 1, with its conference opponents being University of Iowa, University of Kansas, University of Missouri, and University of Wisconsin.
In 2009, Nebraska qualified for post-season play for the first time in program history, finishing the year at 9-4 overall, and 3-1 in the conference for a spot in the conference tournament in St. Louis. However, due to eligibility issues at the end of the season, Nebraska was disqualified from the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31064494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064494" title="Sriwijaya F.C. U-21">
Sriwijaya F.C. U-21

Sriwijaya Football Club Under-21, which is commonly referred to simply as Sriwijaya U-21, is an Indonesian football club based in Palembang, Province of South Sumatra, Indonesia. They are now playing in Indonesia Super League U-21.
Stadium.
Sriwijaya U-21 uses Gelora Sriwijaya Jakabaring Stadium (or simply Jakabaring Stadium) as their home ground. It is the fourth largest stadium in Indonesia, after Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Jakarta, Palaran Stadium in Samarinda and Gelora Bung Tomo Stadium in Surabaya.

</doc>
<doc id="31064525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064525" title="IPS panel">
IPS panel

IPS (In-plane switching) is a screen technology used for liquid crystal displays (LCDs). It was designed to solve the main limitations of the twisted nematic field effect (TN) matrix LCDs in the late 1980s, such as relatively high response time, strong viewing angle dependence and low-quality color reproduction. In-plane switching involves arranging and switching the molecules of the liquid crystal (LC) layer between the glass substrates. This is done in a plane parallel to these glass plates.
History.
The TN method was the only viable technology for active matrix TFT LCDs in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Early panels showed gray inversion from up to down, and had a high response time (lower is better, for example for the same kind of transition, 1ms is visually better than 5ms). In the mid-1990s new technologies were developed—typically IPS and VA (Vertical Alignment)—that could resolve these weaknesses and were applied to large monitor panels.
One approach patented in 1974 was to use inter-digital electrodes on one glass substrate only to produce an electric field essentially parallel to the glass substrates. However, the inventor was not yet able to implement such IPS-LCDs superior to TN displays. 
After thorough analysis, details of advantageous molecular arrangements were filed in Germany by Guenter Baur "et al." and patented in various countries incl. USA on 9 January 1990. The Fraunhofer Society in Freiburg, where the inventors worked, assigned these patents to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.
Shortly thereafter, Hitachi of Japan filed patents to further improve this IPS technology. A leader in this field was Katsumi Kondo, who worked at the Hitachi Research Center in Japan.
Later, LG and other South Korean, Japanese and Taiwanese LCD manufacturers adapted IPS technology as well.
Today, IPS technology is widely used in panels for TVs, tablet computers and smartphones.
Technology.
The diagram shows a simplified model of a particular implementation of the IPS technology. In this case, both linear polarizing filters P and A have the same orientation of their axes of transmission. To obtain the 90° twisted nematic structure of the LC layer, between the two glass plates without an applied electric field ("OFF" state), the inner surfaces of the glass plates are treated to align the bordering LC molecules at a right angle. This molecular structure is practically the same as in TN LCDs. However, the arrangement of the electrodes e1 and e2 is different. Because they are in the same plane and on only one glass plate, they generate an electric field parallel to the glass plate. Note that the diagram is not to scale: the LC layer is only a few micrometers thick and so is very small compared with the distance between the electrodes e1 and e2.
The LC molecules have a positive dielectric anisotropy and align themselves with their long axis parallel to an applied electrical field. In the "OFF" state (shown on the left), entering light L1 becomes linearly polarized by polarizer P. The twisted nematic LC layer rotates the polarization axis of the passing light by 90 degrees, so that ideally no light passes through the polarizer A. In the "ON" state, a sufficient voltage is applied between electrodes e1 & e2 and a corresponding electrical field E is generated, which realigns the LC molecules as shown on the right of the diagram. Here, light L2 can pass through the polarizer A.
In practice, other schemes of implementation exist which have a different structure of the LC molecules - for example without any twist in the "off" state. As both electrodes are on the same substrate, they take more space than electrodes of TN matrices. This also reduces contrast and brightness.
Super-IPS was later introduced with even better response times and color reproduction.
Super PLS.
In 2012, Samsung Electronics introduced technology named Super PLS (Plane-to-Line Switching) with the intent of superseding conventional IPS. It seems that Samsung adopted PLS panels instead of AMOLED panels, because in the past AMOLED panels had difficulties in realizing full HD resolution on mobile devices. PLS technology was Samsung’s wide-viewing angle LCD technology, and it is known as a similar technology to LG’s IPS technology.
Samsung claimed the following benefits of Super PLS (commonly referred to as just "PLS") over IPS: 

</doc>
<doc id="31064531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064531" title="Holly Blakney">
Holly Blakney

Holly Blakney (born on May 4, 1983) is an American dog trainer and actor.
Career.
Holly Blakney a Certified Professional Dog Trainer (CPDT-KSA) from the Certification Council for Professional Dog Trainers.
She helped start south Florida’s Dog Scout Troop #157 and is a Scout Master and Evaluator of the following badges: DSA, Obstacles 1,2 & 3, Agility, 60 Weave Pole Challenge, Rally, Naked Dog Obedience, Manners, Tricks, First Aid, Herding, Retrieve & Fundraising 1 & 2 .
She has been training dogs for over 15 years and showing dogs in competition obedience, herding and agility for 12 years. She enjoys sheep herding with her dogs and volunteering in nursing homes, hospitals and elementary schools performing pet assisted therapy.
Holly is the President and co-founder/owner of the Dog Training Academy of South Florida. Classes include puppy and adult dog classes, and Trick, Rally-O and Agility classes. The facility is located in Broward County in the city of Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Holly is an Animal Handler on film and television sets and has appeared in films.

</doc>
<doc id="31064554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064554" title="Gilbert R. Tredway">
Gilbert R. Tredway

Gilbert Riley Tredway (born 1922) is a retired historian from Indiana and Kentucky, who has authored two books relating to the American Civil War.
Early years, military, education.
Tredway was born in Dubois County in southern Indiana to George Riley Tredway (1883–1958) and Pearl C. Tredway (1886–1979) and reared there in Cuzco. He served in the United States Army in World War II, having been stationed first in the Panama Canal Zone and Ecuador before he volunteered for action in the Pacific theatre. An aircraft gunner on a B-17, Tredway was wounded while protecting a convoy in New Guinea and received the Purple Heart. After the war, he received all three of his degrees from Indiana University in Bloomington. Thereafter he taught for a total of eight years at Mitchell High School in Mitchell in Lawrence County, also in southern Indiana, and in Cincinnati, Ohio.
American Civil War studies.
Tredway taught history and geography at Baptist-affiliated Campbellsville University in Campbellsville, Kentucky, when it was still known as Campbellsville College. His colleagues included Bobby Russell Himes (1931–2008) and William Edward Bennett (1943–2006) in history and political science, respectively. He was on the faculty of Campbellsville College from 1959 to 1963, when he accepted a position at Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond. He returned to Campbellsville in 1966, where he remained until his retirement in the spring of 1984.
His "Democratic Opposition to the Lincoln Administration in Indiana", published in 1973, stems from his Ph.D. dissertation, which he completed eleven years earlier in 1962 from Indiana University in Bloomington. It is a study of the northern Democrats, some of whom were Copperheads demanding a negotiated settlement of the war or an immediate ending of hostilities.
Tredway found that the judge advocate general in some of the cases against Democrats accused of undermining the war effort had "protected prosecution witnesses, browbeat defense witnesses, practiced brazen partisanship, and even accepted third-hand testimony." Tredway's research reveals that the large majority of Indiana Democrats were not Copperheads, the best known of which was U.S. Representative Clement Vallandigham of Ohio, but were loyal to the Union and desired national restoration. A Princeton University thesis from 2005 finds that secession had been painful to most people in Indiana, whose agricultural economy depended heavily on southern commerce and on the Mississippi River, at least before the rise of railroads, as a way to bring commerce to market. "Formation of the Confederacy and the commencement of hostilities thus threatened both the livelihood and the identity of many in Indiana," writes Elisheva R. Coleman in her study entitled "Call It Peace or Call It Treason". Tredway reveals too that Democratic congressional districts in Indiana often outperformed Republican strongholds in recruiting soldiers into the Union Army even though Republicans had claimed that northern Democrats were not pulling their weight in troop commitments for the war.
In 1981, Tredway wrote a book review in the "Indiana Magazine of History" of a work similar to his own, "Civil War Iowa and the Copperhead Movement" by Hubert H. Wubben.
In 1994, Tredway penned an historical novel, "The Way It Was: A Novel of the Civil War", the story of a Union soldier promoted to officer from Dubois County.
Tredway today.
Tredway and his wife, the former Mary Antonnette Canzanari (1919–1978), had a daughter, Patricia Tredway Stomps, who died in the early 1990s as a result of an automobile accident. Their son is George Rodney Tredway (born ca. 1951) of Lewisport in Hancock County in northwestern Kentucky. who was previously married to the former Janice Marie Slusser. Tredway had two brothers, W. C. Tredway (1911–1942), and Paul W. Tredway, who died as an infant in 1920.
Tredway resides in Jasper in Dubois County. He is Baptist. In 1995, Tredway was the subject of an oral interview at the Center for the Study of History and Memory at the Herman B. Wells Library at Indiana University.

</doc>
<doc id="31064558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064558" title="Guardiolo">
Guardiolo

Guardiolo is a group of wines grown and produced in the Italian "comuni" of Guardia Sanframondi, San Lorenzo Maggiore, San Lupo, and Castelvenere in the Province of Benevento. This is a hilly farming region with small streams. There are both white and red varieties of Guardiolo. It has been awarded "Denominazione di Origine Controllata" (DOC) status.

</doc>
<doc id="31064568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064568" title="Chris August">
Chris August

Christopher August Megert (born March 20, 1982) is an American Contemporary Christian musician who performs under the stage name Chris August. He began recording as a secular musician before switching to Christian music. His song "Starry Night" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Christian Songs chart in 2010/2011. He was nominated at the 2011 Dove Awards in five categories, including Best New Artist and Song of the Year.
Music career.
August began recording music in his early teens after his father built a studio in their home in Garland, Texas. He became a Christian when he turned 15 years old and began to record music.
August continued to practice and release his first self-produced album "A Beautiful Thing" as a 22 year old under the name Chris Megert and the Love Jones. The album was found by Ryan Cabrera who guided August to a new manager, Jessica Simpson's father Joe Simpson. August landed a contract with Geffen Records and he moved to Los Angeles in 2005. He helped with producing records for Brian McKnight and Jessica Simpson as well as playing keyboards on Ashlee Simpson's tour; he also played as the opening act on Ashlee Simpson's tour. August's contract with Geffen fell through while they were renegotiating his contract so he went back home to Texas.
While at home, he decided to stop working on secular projects and began to work solely on Christian music. August wrote the song "Starry Night" as a demo and he received a contract from Word Records. He recorded the album "No Far Away" in 2010 and the song was released as a single that year. The album peaked at No. 15 on the Christian Albums charts and No. 9 on the Heatseeker Albums. The single hit No. 1 on the Billboard Christian Songs chart and it reached No. 21 on Billboard's Heatseeker Songs. When the song topped the Christian AC Monitored chart, it was the first debut single to reach No. 1 in over three years. His second single was "7x70" which is a song about forgiveness following his parents' divorce when he was a fifth grade student.
August toured to support the album, first opening for Point of Grace for a twelve-night tour. He joined the Winter Jam 2011 national tour along with Newsboys and Francesca Battistelli in 45 cities.
August received five Dove Award nominations in 2011: New Artist of the Year, Male Vocalist of the Year, Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year, Song of the Year and Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year, subsequently winning New Artist of the Year, Male Vocalist of the Year and Pop/Contemporary Recorded Album of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="31064569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064569" title="The Schoolhouse">
The Schoolhouse

The Schoolhouse is a mid-19th century public school building that was used as a performance space from 2001–2005, it is located at 30 West Street in the farming town of Hadley, Massachusetts in the Pioneer Valley of Western Massachusetts. The building was originally referred to as "Hadley District School House No. 2".
When the space was in use as a performance space it was colloquially referred to as "The Schoolhouse". While in operation, the space hosted a variety of experimental and avant-garde music events featuring local, national, and international artists. Over this period, The Schoolhouse became a major venue in the noise, freak folk, and New Weird America scenes of the mid-aughts.
Layout.
The Schoolhouse was originally constructed as a one room school building in the middle of the 19th century. The main performance area at the space was in the original classroom of the building. Two-thirds of the wall space in the room were still covered with chalkboards. Performances in this space were described as having a "homey atmosphere cos it's their living room." At some point, there was a second floor addition to the building's original structured that, according to resident George Myers, was "hastilly added" and "very poorly insulated." During The Schoolhouse's run, the second floor included a recording studio/practice room housed in a closet where, again according to Myers, "everything was recorded with very, very bad equipment." The second floor also contained two bedrooms and an attic-like space that was often used for storage or as a guest bedroom. The attic-like space was once used for a performance/installation by The Doo Man Group, because of space restrictions the performance was simulcast throughout the house from hand held video cameras to televisions in the main performance space.
Notable Performances.
On Sunday, May 23, 2004, a veritable avant-garde supergroup performed at The Schoolhouse when Brooklyn drone-artists Double Leopards were joined by Sonic Youth’s Thurston Moore, noted independent music producer and Wilco/Sonic Youth collaborator Jim O'Rourke, and free jazz duo Paul Flaherty & Chris Corsano all performing together under the name "Double Dream/Action Leopards Unit". Openers that night included noise band Yellow Swans from Portland, Oregon, San Francisco's Sharon Cheslow, Scott Foust’s Idea Fire Company, and Western Massachusetts’ avant-pop trio Yonk Yonk. 
In October 2002, Western Massachusetts experimental art-rock band Fat Worm of Error played their first show at the Schoolhouse.
Other performers at The Schoolhouse include: Animental, Anthro Rex, Barn Owl, Belltone Suicide, Bengeorge7, Bromp Treb, Can't, Casiotone for the Painfully Alone, Cass McCombs, Cherry Blossoms, Chiara Giovando, Deerhunter, Deflator Mouse, Defneg, Dreamhouse, Dredd Foole, Dude Law, Emil Beaulieau (aka Ron Lessard of RRRecords), Feathers, Hands, Horse Spirit Penetrates, Jason Anderson, Jimmy Cousins, John Wiese, Johnny Franchise and the Merchandise, Jonny Corndawg, Joshua Burkett, Kites, Lazy Magnet, M Ax Noi Mach, Mammal, Misty, Movies With Live Soundtracks, Mr. Uterus, Neon Hunk, Paul and Val, Rave Party, Red Favorite, Rustle, Schurt Kwitters, Scientifics, Sharon Cheslow, Son Of Earth, Steamrollers, Steve Zultanski, Summer Jam Band, Tarp, Tiger Saw, USAIsAMonster, Vampire Belt (Bill Nace & Chris Corsano) w/ Thurston Moore and various Paperrad musical performances and installation projects such as Extreme Animals, Dr. Doo, Doo Man Group, and schoolhouse rave.
Breaking World Records.
In addition to hosting noise and experimental music shows, The Schoolhouse served as headquarters for the Breaking World Records label. Originally conceived as a cassette tape and cd-r label, Breaking World Records grew to eventually releasing LP and 7” vinyl records (in addition to still putting out cassettes). Breaking World Records became a significant vehicle for documenting the noise music scene in Western Massachusetts during the period putting out releases by bengeorge7, Anthro Rex, Noise Nomads, Yonk Yonk, Diagram A, Tumblecat Poof Poofy Poof, and Grey Skull. 
Other notable Breaking World Record’s releases include the first Ducktails 7" (side project of Real Estate (band) guitar player Matt Mondanile), Paperrad musical component Dr. Doo "In Fucland" CD-r/DVD-r, and Fat Worm of Error side projects’ Bromp Treb "Twins" 7” and Schwurt Kwitters "s/t" cdr.
Western Mass.
The Schoolhouse existed during a particularly fruitful period in the independent, do-it-yourself music and art scene in Western Massachusetts. In addition to the Schoolhouse, underground and left-of-center shows were also regularly booked at the Flywheel Arts Collective (a non-profit performing arts space) in Easthampton, MA, The Shed (a “punkspot” literally housed in a backyard toolshed) in Palmer, MA, as well as the formation of the Autonomous Battleship Collective (a psych/folk collective) operating mainly out of the Montague Bookmill in Montague, MA. In addition to these collectives, Byron Coley and Thurston Moore's Ecstatic Yod record and bookstore in Florence, MA also hosted a number performances by different national and international acts.
In an interview with "Blastitude" webzine in 2004, Fat Worm of Error’s Neil “Kayleen” Young said, “Western Mass benefits from being far enough away from NYC & Boston that some of the more fashionable elements overlook us, plus we don't have either of their wretched regional accents… However, we do benefit from being in close enough proximity for touring folks to pass on through, and a nice little circuit has been from Boston - Providence - Western Mass - Brattleboro, VT - Albany/Troy, NY - New Haven, CT - NYC.” 
In a 2010 interview with Pitchfork, when asked by contributor Marc Masters why so much interesting stuff goes on in Western Massachusetts, Tim Sheldon of Fat Worm of Error responded, “It’s confusing to us sometimes.”
Schoolhouse Residents.
George Myers, Ben Hersey, Mike Piscatello, Jamie Oltmans, Dan Cashman, Aaron Saunders, Briana Holt, Sarah Waggoner, Neale Gay, Jenny O, Jamie Jee, Keiren Lally, Jeremy Harris, Seth Schultz, Shea Mowatt, Will Berney and Vanessa Brewster.

</doc>
<doc id="31064582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064582" title="Simon Geros">
Simon Geros

Simon Geros is a Samoan rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Geros played for the Burleigh Bears when in 2000 he was selected for Samoa in the World Cup. He stayed with the Bears in the 2001 Queensland Cup.
In 2002 he was part of the Northern Eagles franchise and played in the NSWRL Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="31064587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064587" title="Lindsay Sparkes">
Lindsay Sparkes

Lindsay Sparkes (born August 6, 1950 in North Vancouver, British Columbia as Lindsay Davie) is a Canadian curler. She is a three-time Canadian champion, world champion and Olympic demonstration champion.
In 1976, Sparkes and her team of Dawn Knowles, Robin Klassen, Lorraine Bowles won her first provincial and her first national championship. In 1979, the team returned to the national championship, and won again. This qualified them for the inaugural 1979 Royal Bank of Scotland World Women's Curling Championship. The team lost in the semi-final to Switzerland. 
In 1984, Sparkes and her new team of Linda Moore, Debbie Orr and Laurie Carney won her third provincial title, and finished in 3rd place at that year's national championship (at that point, called the Tournament of Hearts.) The following season, Sparkes and Moore switched positions, and the team won another provincial and went on to claim the 1985 Scott Tournament of Hearts title, beating Newfoundland in the final. At the 1985 World Championships, the team won the gold medal, defeating Scotland in the final. The 1986 Scott Tournament of Hearts would mark the first event where the defending champion could return as Team Canada, and the team lost in the final to Ontario. 
The team was chosen by the Canadian Olympic Committee to represent Canada at the 1988 Winter Olympics where curling was a demonstration sport. The team won the gold medal, defeating Sweden in the final. 
Sparkes' final appearance at the Hearts was in 1997 as an alternate for the Kelley Owen (Law) rink.

</doc>
<doc id="31064588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064588" title="Starry Night (song)">
Starry Night (song)

"Starry Night" is the debut single by American Contemporary Christian musician Chris August off of his debut CD "No Far Away". It was released on May 11, 2010; it had topped several of "Billboard" magazine's Christian charts by November of that year. The single garnered five Dove Award nominations for August, including Song of the Year and Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year.
Writing.
August was originally signed by Geffen Records as a mainstream artist after Ryan Cabrera noticed him. He was managed by Ashlee Simpson's father Joe Simpson and he toured as her opening act and keyboardist. After his contract ended during renegotiation, he decided to return to his roots as a Christian musician.
In an interview with the website New Release Tuesday, August said "I ended up moving back to Dallas, got involved in church again and one night I realized that I hadn't had true convictions in years. I hated that and it hit me hard. I decided that night that I was going to rededicate my music and my life to God. That was January 18, 2009. That's the night I wrote 'Starry Night'." He was signed to Fervent Records and soon shared the song with his new record label. The meaning behind the song is August's reflection on how people can take great photographs or make great paintings about objects, yet these objects and everything else were created by God.
Charts.
"Starry Night" began its run on the charts by debuting at No. 29 on the "Billboard" Christian AC Monitored chart two weeks after its release. The single hit No. 1 on the "Billboard" Christian Songs chart and it reached No. 21 on "Billboard"'s Heatseeker Songs. When the song topped the Christian AC Monitored chart, it was the first debut single to reach No. 1 in over three years. "Billboard" ranked it on their 2010 year end charts as the No. 13 "Hot Christian Songs AC" single and the No. 15 song on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
Critical reception.
A Jesus Freak Hideout review says the song "hits home with conviction and thoughts of growing up on the farm marveling at God's handiwork." Breathecast said the single is "an An inspiring up-tempo song of praise".
The song appears on the Christian compilation album WOW Hits 2011 and WOW Hits 2012.
Awards.
August received five Dove Award nominations in 2011 without having released another single. The song was nominated for the Song of the Year and the Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year. August was nominated for the New Artist Of The Year and the Male Vocalist Of The Year; his album "No Far Away" received a nomination for the Pop/Contemporary Album Of The Year.

</doc>
<doc id="31064593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064593" title="Auto Trader">
Auto Trader

Auto Trader may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31064600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064600" title="Tidal W. McCoy">
Tidal W. McCoy

Tidal W. "Ty" McCoy (born 1945) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) from 1981 to 1989.
Biography.
Ty McCoy was born in Gainesville, Florida on April 25, 1945. He was educated at the United States Military Academy at West Point, receiving a B.S. in engineering in 1967. 
After graduating from West Point, McCoy joined the United States Army, serving as an Army field artillery officer in command and staff assignments in the United States, Europe, and Vietnam. He left the Army in 1972, and became a member of the Long-Range Planning and Net Assessment Group in the Office of the United States Secretary of Defense. From 1973 to 1977, he was Staff Assistant and later a Deputy Assistant to the Secretary of Defense. In 1977, he was the Scientific Adviser to Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Engineering and Systems David E. Mann. From 1979 to 1981, he was Assistant for National Security Affairs to Sen. Jake Garn (R–Utah). 
In April 1981, President of the United States Ronald Reagan nominated McCoy to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs), and McCoy subsequently held that office for the duration of the Reagan Administration. McCoy also served as the Acting Under Secretary and Acting Secretary of the Air Force for a period of time throughout the Reagan Administration as well.
After leaving government service in 1989, McCoy joined Thiokol as Senior Vice President for Government Relations. He later founded the George Washington National Bank and served as the bank's Vice Chairman. In 1998, he founded Washington Capital Partners, LLC, and has since served as its chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="31064624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064624" title="List of Professor Layton media">
List of Professor Layton media

The "Professor Layton" video game series is a franchise of puzzle games produced and developed by Level-5, with some games being published by Nintendo outside of Japan. The series is primarily based on games for the Nintendo DS and Nintendo 3DS systems. It debuted on February 15, 2007 with , eventually localized as "Professor Layton and the Curious Village" in the North American and PAL regions.
The series focuses on Professor Hershel Layton, an archaeologist, and his apprentice, Luke Triton, and their investigations into various mysterious towns. Often, they encounter people who require the player to solve puzzles or brain teasers in exchange for small trinkets or picarats, which is the score system used within the games. Currently there are six games in the main series, all of which have been released outside of Japan. Additionally, there have been three novels as well as an animated movie, "Professor Layton and the Eternal Diva". The series has been financially successful, with over 15 million units having been shipped of the games alone. The idea for the franchise was conceived by Akihiro Hino, and was originally intended to be a successor to Nintendo's series.

</doc>
<doc id="31064634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064634" title="Dan Kwian">
Dan Kwian

Dan Kwian () is a village and subdistrict in Chok Chai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. It is known for its pottery and handicrafts. The village name Dan Kwian means toll station or check point ("Dan") for oxcarts ("Kwian").
Location.
Dan Kwian sits at a narrows of the Mun (Thai: แม่น้ำมูล) river and was a convenient river crossing point. The village, located on the Nakhon Ratchasima to Chok Chai road, is broken into two distinct parts. Dan Kwian Din Phao (ด่านเกวียนดินเผา), a congregation of larger factories and a roadside sales area, is located about 2 kilometers north of the historic village Moo Baan Dan Kwian (หมู่บ้านด่านเกวียน).
History.
The pottery village is said to have started around 1740 although this date has not been verified. This same account states that pottery production began with Mon (Thai: มอญ) refugees similar to the potters of Ko Kred (Kred Island). This claim, although popularly held, may not be accurate.
Prior to approximately 1972 nearly all the products of Dan Kwian were functional pottery. Common thrown forms were water storage jars of around 50 litres, fermented fish paste jars, mortars, and basins. There is no evidence of tableware production at Dan Kwian. Most of the pottery is fired in above ground anagama-style wood kilns, although at least one noborigama chamber kiln, many gas kilns, and at least one electric kiln have been used. Ware in Dan Kwian was traditionally fired in two distinct styles, Phao Dam, or fired black, and Phao Dang fired red. Phao Dam ware was fired to temperatures between approximately and . The ware at this temperature became dark brown and vitreous. Phao Dam wares were prized for durability, and lack of porosity. Most notable of these products are the once ubiquitous Dan Kwian water jars. 
Starting in about 1972 more decorative ware started to be made in Dan Kwian. At first this decorative ware was simply water jars with decoration carved into the surface. Since then the decorative ware has expanded to include more decorative vessel forms, clay tile, carved ceramic murals, ceramic jewelry, and free standing sculpture. Other media are also now produced in Dan Kwian, most notably cement based carved sandstone replicas.

</doc>
<doc id="31064665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064665" title="Kevin McKiernan">
Kevin McKiernan

Kevin McKiernan is a veteran foreign correspondent and documentary filmmaker.
McKiernan's work, nominated for the Pulitzer Prize, has taken him to some of the world's most troubled regions, from Nicaragua to Iraq, from West Africa to Afghanistan. He has been widely published in national and international media.
An expert on the Kurds, St. Martin's Press released his book, THE KURDS: A People in Search of Their Homeland. McKiernan wrote and directed the documentary "Good Kurds, Bad Kurds". In addition to "Good Kurds, Bad Kurds", McKiernan also co-produced the documentary "The Spirit of Crazy Horse" for PBS Frontline and, in 2011, completed "Bringing King to China"; that documentary premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="31064667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064667" title="Bence Penke">
Bence Penke

Bence Penke (born November 9, 1994) is an Hungarian voice actor from Budapest,the capital of Hungary.
Penke contributes to voicing characters that appears in movies,cartoons,anime,and live action shows. He is best known as the Hungarian voice of Phineas Flynn in the Hungarian version of Disney Channel animated series Phineas and Ferb. He also voices Konohamaru,a supporting character in the Animax Hungarian version of popular anime series Naruto. He also voice Konohamaru in the Jetix Hungarian version.

</doc>
<doc id="31064683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064683" title="Green Sod Ireland">
Green Sod Ireland

Overview.
Green Sod Ireland("An Fóidín Glas") is an Irish charitable organisation founded in 2007 which works to establish WildAcres across Ireland. Green Sod aims to preserve habitats which are vital for biodiversity; the variety of plants, animals and micro organisms unique to localities. Through the acquisition of gifted land, Green Sod protects nature by allowing it to thrive and flourish ensuring 'wild' places for future generations. Through a variety of programmes, Green Sod also delivers ecological education to encourage the proactive preservation of nature. The philosophy of Deep Ecology and Gaia Theory underpin the ethos of Green Sod Ireland.
Vision.
Ireland - a country where ecosystems are thriving and flourishing
Mission.
Establishing WildAcres across Ireland to create safe habitats, vital for biodiversity.
Delivering ecological education to encourage the proactive preservation of Nature.
Work.
Green Sod Ireland works to conserve land both for its own sake and the sake of future generations; to renew land where it has been damaged by encouraging natural processes and enabling less restricted interactions amongst species; to liaise with local communities and to encourage them to live in harmony with nature, thereby promoting biodiversity and bio-dynamic agriculture; to promote an awareness and understanding of the natural world; to stimulate public support and debate the protection of land from improper use, so that land may no longer be seen merely as a commodity but as a source of life; and to encourage voluntary participation in the conservation and renewal of land.
Wild Acres.
Green Sod Ireland is working to save land for present and future generations. In holding land in trust, Green Sod acknowledges and respects is for its own sake, thus protecting its indigenous life from destruction. To date, Green Sod has been donated a five acre site located in Clonmore County Carlow and a 14 acre site at Salrock, Little Killary, Connemara. The Carlow land, in the form of five fields, is species-rich grassland and has a raised boundary bunk of furze bushes,
with a stream bordering one side. The five acres include two houses, a large shed, a lawn, an organic vegetable garden, and an orchard planted with a variety of fruit trees. The Connemara land is situated on the wind-swept hillside at Little Killary under the watchful eye of Mweelrea. It contains many distinct ecosystems from wet health to rocky outcrops to native woodland. To the north it has a sheltered rocky shoreline dropping in to the Atlantic Ocean and Little Killary with mountain and peatland held in commonage to the south and the west. On both sites ongoing projects are being undertaken.
Ecological Education.
Green Sod works with local communities and encourages them to live in harmony with nature. It is continuously undergoing various projects with volunteers to promote and educate people about the importance of biodiversity in Ireland and what the organisation does to achieve it. To advance education Green Sod promotes and encourages public awareness of the importance of conserving land and protecting the environment. Educational Programmes include the Story of the Universe for primary schools, a Transition Year Programme for secondary schools, and a Literacy Programme for adults called ‘Earth Literacy’. In addition, with their fundraising programme ‘Wild Awake Walks’, Green Sod encourages people to slow down, walk where they are, and become aware of nature around them. By downloading a pdf education pack from Green Sod Ireland’s webpage in exchange of a small donation, people will learn about nature and at the same time support Green Sod’s work.
Fundraising.
It is Green Sod’s intention to create ‘WildAcres’ the length and breadth of the country, in an attempt to protect Ireland’s rich biodiversity. Therefore, Green Sod is currently looking at various means of acquiring land with a range of communities throughout Ireland that can be used to preserve and conserve wildlife in Ireland. In order to be able to purchase more land for protection in the future, Green Sod undergoes fundraising events such as Mini-Marathons, Nature Walks, and organising Christmas and Summer Fairs.
References.
http://www.onepercentfortheplanet.org/en/search/nonprofits_profile_page.php?id=2016
http://greensodireland.ie/index.php

</doc>
<doc id="31064696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064696" title="Peter Lima">
Peter Lima

Peter Lima is a Samoan rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Lima played for the Auckland side in the 1993 National Provincial Competition and also made the Junior Kiwis. Lima also played for Western Samoa at the 1993 World Sevens.
Lima played two matches for the Gold Coast Chargers in 1996. He played for the Burleigh Bears in the 1998 Queensland Cup.
In 2000 Lima was selected for the Samoan squad for the World Cup and played in two matches for his country.

</doc>
<doc id="31064699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064699" title="Poa kerguelensis">
Poa kerguelensis

Poa kerguelensis is a species of tussock grass native to various subantarctic islands. The specific epithet refers to the type locality – the Kerguelen Islands.
Description.
"Poa kerguelensis" is a perennial grass growing as hummocks up to 80 mm high and 150 mm in diameter.
Distribution and habitat.
The grass is found on the Heard, McDonald and Kerguelen Islands of the southern Indian Ocean. It grows on bare soil and in rocky areas where its hummocks trap wind-blown sand. On Heard Island it hybridises with "Poa cookii" It is a pioneer coloniser of recently deglaciated areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31064700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064700" title="Art Loudell">
Art Loudell

Arthur Loudell (April 10, 1882 – February 19, 1961) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Detroit Tigers in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="31064729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064729" title="John Hall-Stevenson">
John Hall-Stevenson

John Hall-Stevenson (1718–1785), in his youth known as John Hall, was an English country gentleman and writer.
He is memorialised as 'Eugenius' in Laurence Sterne's novels "Tristram Shandy" and "A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy".
Life.
Hall-Stevenson was the son of Joseph Hall of Durham by his marriage to Catherine, sister and heiress of Lawson Trotter of Skelton Castle at Skelton-in-Cleveland, Yorkshire.
On 16 June 1735, at the age of seventeen, he matriculated at Jesus College, Cambridge as a fellow-commoner. He quickly struck up a close and lifelong friendship with Laurence Sterne, who was five years older. They referred to each other as cousins, but no kinship is known. Hall was precociously ribald and loved Rabelaisian literature. He left Cambridge without a degree in about 1738 and made the grand tour.
On his return to England, Hall married Anne, the daughter of Ambrose Stevenson of the Manor House, Durham, and added his wife's surname to his own. After the Jacobite Rising of 1745, his uncle Lawson Trotter, a supporter of Jacobitism, fled overseas, and the fifteenth-century Skelton Castle came into the possession of Hall-Stevenson's mother. On her death, he inherited it, by then half-ruined
Hall-Stevenson had no love of field sports and spent his time on literature and entertaining his friends. He wrote verse in imitation of La Fontaine and collected kindred spirits which whom he formed a "club of demoniacks" which met at Skelton several times a year. The club indulged in heavy drinking and orgies which were pale reflections of those of Francis Dashwood and his friends at Medmenham. The "demoniacks" included the clergyman Robert Lascelles, nicknamed Pantagruel, Zachary Moore, Colonel Hall, Colonel Lee, and Andrew Irvine of Kirkleatham. On his visits to London, Hall-Stevenson met John Wilkes and Horace Walpole, and three familiar letters from him to Wilkes written in 1762 survive. He also claimed a friendship with Rousseau.
Hall-Stevenson became notorious for licentious verse. He published a "Lyric Epistle" (1760) to his friend Sterne on the triumph of "Tristram Shandy", which Gray called "absolute nonsense". Better known were his "Fables for Grown Gentlemen" (1761), and his "Crazy Tales" (1762, new editions in 1764 and 1780), which describes the meetings of his friends at Skelton, or 'Crazy Castle'.
Horace Walpole credited Hall-Stevenson with "a vast deal of original humour and wit", but Smollett and "The Critical Review" were contemptuous, with the result that in 1760 Hall-Stevenson abused Smollett and his associates in "A Nosegay and a Simile for the Reviewers" and "Two Lyrical Epistles, or Margery the Cook Maid, to the Critical Reviewers". Hall-Stevenson's "A Sentimental Dialogue between two Souls in the palpable Bodies of an English Lady of Quality and an Irish Gentleman" (1768) was seen as a parody of his friend Sterne's "Tristram Shandy"
Hall-Stevenson also wrote on politics. He denounced the Earl of Bute and all politicians, whether Whig or Tory, with such works as "A Pastoral Cordial; or an Anodyne Sermon, preached before their Graces Newcastle and Devonshire" (1763), "A Pastoral Puke; a second Sermon preached before the people called Whigs; by an Independent" (1764), "Makarony Fables, with the new Fable of the Bees" (1767), "Lyric Consolations, with the Speech of Alderman Wilkes delivered in a Dream" (1768) and "An Essay upon the King's Friends" (1776)
Hall-Stevenson gave some financial support to his friend Sterne, who often visited him at Skelton, and they liked to race chariots over the sands at Saltburn, and Hall-Stevenson appears under the name of 'Eugenius' in Sterne's novels "Tristram Shandy" and "A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy". This was unfinished at Sterne's death, and Hall-Stevenson wrote a continuation entitled "Yorick's Sentimental Journey Continued: to Which Is Prefixed Some Account of the Life and Writings of Mr. Sterne."
Hall-Stevenson's heavy drinking led to chronic hypochondria and also had money troubles. In 1765 he reopened an alum works at Selby Hagg which had been closed down for near fifty years, but they lost money. he failed to make them pay, and gave them up in 1776. On 17 February 1785 he wrote to his grandson that he had suffered from marrying too early and that shortage of funds had forced him to live in the country. 
He died at Skelton in March 1785, and his widow survived him until 1790. Of Hall-Stevenson's two sons, one, named John, died unmarried, and the other, Joseph William Hall-Stevenson (1741–1786) died a year after his father, leaving a son, John Hall-Stevenson (1766–1843), who inherited Skelton Castle and rebuilt it. In 1788 he changed his name to John Wharton and was Member of Parliament for Beverley between 1790 and 1820.
Hall-Stevenson's works were collected and published in three volumes in 1795.

</doc>
<doc id="31064738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064738" title="Back to Work Coalition">
Back to Work Coalition

The Back to Work Coalition is a group of twelve offshore oil and gas industry stakeholders and trade associations that have banded together to oppose the federal and regulatory policies placed on the industry following the Deepwater Horizon oil well explosion of April 2010. After the explosion, the Obama administration imposed a federal moratorium on deepwater drilling that lasted through mid-October 2010. The Back to Work Coalition was created in December 2010 to combat what the members believe is a "de facto" moratorium caused by the federal government's hesitance in issuing drilling permits on the gulf's Outer Continental Shelf (OCS). The coalition was founded by Louisiana Department of Natural Resources (DNR) Secretary Scott Angelle. The coalition is facilitated by the Gulf Economic Survival Team (GEST), a nonprofit organization created to restore Louisiana's economy following the moratorium.
Members.
The Back to Work Coalition Leadership Advisory Committee includes: 
Participating members of the Louisiana Congressional Delegation include:
Background.
On April 20, 2010, the Deepwater Horizon oil well, a 9-year-old semi-submersible mobile offshore drilling unit owned by BP,exploded in the Gulf of Mexico. The well spilled for three months, causing the world’s largest accidental release of oil into marine waters. Federal science and engineering teams estimate that 53,000 barrels of oil a day poured from the well just before BP was able to cap it on July 15. They also estimate that the daily flow rate diminished over time, starting at about 62,000 barrels a day and decreasing as the reservoir of hydrocarbons feeding the gusher was gradually depleted.
As a response to the environmental dangers that the oil spill created, the federal government under President Barack Obama issued a mandatory moratorium on energy exploration and drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. The original moratorium, which was issued on May 28, was struck down by a federal court in New Orleans. A second moratorium was issued on June 12 and was scheduled to continue until the end of November. The nearly 6-month long moratorium was widely not welcomed by Louisianans because of its negative economic effects. Local officials, lawmakers and oil industry workers feared the moratorium would cost hundreds of thousands of jobs and add insult to injury for a regional economy already battered by the massive spill.
After the moratorium was lifted, the Obama administration released a set of regulatory initiatives that appear to bottleneck the process of getting a permit to drill. This led to what many Louisiana lawmakers and workers now refer to as the "de facto" moratorium, or "permitorium,"on energy production in the Outer Continental Shelf of the Gulf Coast. This "de facto" moratorium is what Angelle's Back to Work Coalition seeks to combat. The coalition, Angelle says, serves to "identify the obstacles standing in the way of the issuance of new permits" and keep "working toward solutions."
Louisiana oil industry.
The oil and gas industry is one of the leading industries in Louisiana in the terms of economic impact, taxes paid and people employed. The Louisiana oil and gas industry is really four industries in one. There is the familiar exploration and production segment, which is responsible for finding and producing oil and natural gas. Next there is the refining section, which takes crude oil and turns it into useful products like gasoline, diesel and chemical feed stock. Next comes the marketing section, which includes the gasoline stations. Finally, there is the transportation section, which includes pipelines carrying crude oil, natural gas and refined products.
An economic impact study conducted by Dr. Loren Scott shows that the total direct and indirect impact on the state is approximately $65 billion. The direct impact comes from the taxes, royalties, fees, salaries, and other money spent in Louisiana by the oil and gas industry. The indirect impact results from the salaries and wages earned by oil and gas employees being spent in the state as well as service companies, which do business with oil and gas companies and then do business with other companies. Virtually all parishes in Louisiana have some oil and gas activity.
The offshore industry operating in the Gulf of Mexico, outside the state’s territorial boundaries has a tremendous impact on the state. A study conducted by Applied Technology Research Inc. shows that the offshore industry has a direct impact of $3 billion on the state. The offshore industry pays more than $500 million in salaries and wages to people working in the Gulf of Mexico. Another $2.5 billion is spent with companies operating in Louisiana and doing business with the offshore industry. It is important to remember that everything used on an offshore platform has to come from somewhere onshore.
The refining segment of the industry has an $8 billion impact on the state. Approximately half of that amount is spent on the purchase of crude oil and the remainder is spent on salaries, wages, services and supplies used at the refineries.
Timeline.
December 2010
January 2011
February 2011
March 2011
Controversy.
The idea of a de facto moratorium is not looked upon as fact all around the country. The debate between the federal government and Louisiana state leaders over planning and drilling permits has come under tough scrutiny by those who agree and those who disagree with the existence of a permitorium. Democrats on the House Committee of Natural Resources, in particular, suggest that there is no such thing. Others agree that a permitorium is in fact taking place, but argue that the safety of oil-rig workers and the well-being of the environment are too important to risk with pre-mature drilling. Rep. Edward Markey, D-Mass., was quoted saying, "There is not a de facto moratorium, only a Republican moratorium on the facts. This hearing is taking place in a parallel universe where we didn't have the nation's worst oil spill last year in which 11 lives were lost. A parallel universe where new drilling is not being approved as we speak."

</doc>
<doc id="31064752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064752" title="Angel Aquino">
Angel Aquino

Angelita Velasquez-Aquino (born February 7, 1973), popularly known as Angel Aquino, is a fashion model and FAMAS and Gawad Urian Award-nominated Filipino film and television actress. She is currently part of ABS-CBN contract talents.
She is mostly known for her lead antagonist roles such as Ether in "" in 2006, Vera Cruz in "Magkaribal" in 2010, and Adrianna Lamayre in "Apoy Sa Dagat" in 2013. She was known as a TV host for "US Girls" since 2006.
Personal life.
She attended and graduated as Bachelor of Arts in Journalism in the University of the Philippines Baguio. Aquino has two daughters, one aged 20, Iana and the other 18, Thea.

</doc>
<doc id="31064756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064756" title="Washington Irving Bishop">
Washington Irving Bishop

Washington Irving Bishop, also known as Wellington (1855-1889) was an American stage mentalist. He started his career as an assistant under the muscle reader J. Randall Brown, but was most well known for his performance of the blindfold drive.
In the early 1870s the Bishop was the manager of Anna Eva Fay's spiritualist acts, but in 1876 exposed her trick methods to the media. He became an anti-spiritualist performer and wrote a book exposing the trick methods used by psychics. Bishop performed famous "thought reading" demonstrations. He claimed no supernatural powers and ascribed his powers to muscular sensitivity (reading thoughts from unconscious bodily cues).
Bishop became unconscious in one of his demonstrations, he was taken upstairs to a bedroom where he died. His death certificate gave the cause of death as hysterocatalepsy.

</doc>
<doc id="31064767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064767" title="A. R. D. Prasad">
A. R. D. Prasad

Dr A.R.D. Prasad is an Indian Library and Information Science Academics, Information professional and Information scientist. Dr Prasad teaches at Documentation Research and Training Centre (DRTC), Bangalore as Professor of Library and Information Science and at present he is Head of DRTC, which is India's only "proper" ischool with a very strong research program. His areas of specialization include Artificial intelligence-Applications in LIS, Natural language processing, Digital Libraries, Hypertext and Multimedia applications, Institutional repository, Open-source software used in Libraries, Open Access to Information, Semantic Web Technology, Free and open source software etc. His other area of interests are Mythology, Buddhism, Philosophy and Indian History. He is pioneer in promotion and development of Open-source software used in Libraries and Information Centres in India, Open access (publishing) and Open Access movement. He is visiting Faculty of University of Trento, Italy.
Early life.
He has Master of Arts (M.A), M.Phil. in Philosophy, BLIS and ADIS degree and obtain his doctorate (Ph.D) on "Application of Natural Language Processing Tools and Technique in Developing Subject Indexing Languages" from Karnatak University, Dharwad.
Career.
Dr. Prasad is senior faculty at Documentation Research and Training Centre (DRTC). He joined DRTC as a Lecturer on 4 June 1990.
Literary and scientific activities.
Currently he is active in European Commissions FP7-FET project on Living Knowledge. He is Editor of the Proceedings of the International Conference on Semantic Web and Digital Libraries (ICSD-2007). He is also guest Editor of Online Information Review, V.32(4),2008, special edition on Semantic Web and Web Design.
References.
http://www.grl2020.net/uploads/position_papers/A.R.D.%20Prasad.pdf
http://www.drtc.isibang.ac.in/DRTC/ardcv.html
http://www.ignca.nic.in/PDF_data/kn_digital001_pdf_data/T2a_Development_Digital_Repository.pdf
http://ir.inflibnet.ac.in/dxml/bitstream/handle/1944/551/323-329(cal%2007).pdf?sequence=1
http://crl.du.ac.in/ical09/invitations.pdf
https://drtc.isibang.ac.in/bitstream/handle/1849/242/G_Member_and_sbscription.pdf?sequence=1

</doc>
<doc id="31064790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064790" title="Trophy Mountain">
Trophy Mountain

Trophy Mountain (locally called Trophy Mountains or The Trophies) is a mountain in east-central British Columbia, Canada, located in the south-east region of Wells Gray Provincial Park. The Clearwater River flows to the west, Raft River to the east and Spahats Creek to the south. Trophy Mountain is part of the Shuswap Highland. There are nine summits in the group and the highest is . Battle Mountain and Table Mountain are the closest summits to the north and Raft Mountain is immediately south. 
Trophy Mountain is easily accessible by road and trail. It is a popular summer tourist attraction and is especially noted for colourful alpine meadows. Numerous hiking routes are possible beyond the end of the trail at Sheila Lake.
Access.
Trophy Mountain Road turns east off Clearwater Valley Road (also called Wells Gray Park Road) north of the Yellowhead Highway. The gravel road is steep and rough, and usable by all vehicles except those with very low clearance. It is to the parking lot.
A well-used trail starts here and climbs through a band of trees to the alpine meadows. The leisurely hike of takes about 75 minutes to reach an abandoned shepherd's hut. During the last 30 minutes, there are views of the north face of Raft Mountain across Spahats Creek Valley to the south. This section of the meadows has colourful flower displays in late July and early August, as well as an earlier bloom of glacier lilies in late June. The trail continues past the hut for 30 minutes to the Sheila Lake Lookout. This viewpoint encompasses Sheila Lake to the north, Plateau of Lakes with numerous tarns to the northeast, and four of the nine Trophy summits beyond that. Raft Mountain and the spire of Dunn Peak are to the south. 
A few primitive campsites and an outhouse are located near Sheila Lake for the benefit of backpackers. The trail ends at Sheila Lake and hikers who want to go further can walk across the meadows. The hiking season on Trophy Mountain is from late June through September. 
History.
The shepherd's hut was built by brothers John and Frank Ronacher in the 1950s when they herded sheep on the Trophy meadows. At that time, the access was via a rough trail up Third Canyon which the Ronachers widened with a bulldozer. Frank died in 1962 and later that year John sold the Trophy grazing lease and 100 ewes and rams to Emil and Ida DeKelver. They arrived in the Clearwater Valley in 1959 and settled on an 80-acre farm beside Candle Creek. At first, the DeKelvers raised dairy cattle then, after purchasing the Ronacher business, were busy with their sheep. Soon they had expanded the herd to 300 and were very successful with the lush Trophy grasslands. In 1969, mounting government pressure against grazing lease-holders persuaded the DeKelvers to switch to guiding and trail-riding on the Trophy Mountains. They built a new trail up Spahats Creek which was much shorter than the Third Canyon route, although strenuous compared to today’s stroll to the meadows. When logging started on the Trophy Mountains in 1979 and roads were built almost to treeline, the DeKelvers’ business was ruined and they retired to their Candle Creek farm. Today, Ida is the unofficial historian of the Clearwater Valley and devotes her time to the Yellowhead Museum. Meanwhile, high on Trophy Mountain, the shepherd’s hut is being ravaged by the alpine weather and soon there will be no evidence of the days when these meadows were home to hundreds of sheep.
The south boundary of Wells Gray Park was originally established in 1939 through Grouse Creek Valley just north of Trophy Mountain. In 1997, the park was expanded to include the mountain above its treeline. 
Geology.
Most of the rock comprising Trophy Mountain is part of the ancient Shuswap Metamorphic Complex which arches across the British Columbia Interior in a wide band from Shuswap Lake to Adams Lake and into the Quesnel Highland. No age has been established, but it was intruded by the Raft Batholith about 100 million years ago. The glaciers of the Pleistocene and earlier ice ages have scoured Trophy Mountain creating numerous bowls now filled by lakes and the rugged north face which is high. 
Much of the lava which accumulated in the Clearwater Valley near Spahats Creek was spewed out from fissures on the west side of Trophy Mountain between 500,000 and 300,000 years ago. Evidence of a more recent volcanic era is seen in the Buck Hill cinder cone at the level of Trophy Mountain and in what is possibly a water-filled volcanic crater at the headwaters of Third Canyon Creek.
Wells Gray Park's southernmost glacier is on the north side of Trophy Mountain and can be seen from the West Summit. 
Hikes and climbs.
Detailed descriptions of these hikes and starting points are in "Exploring Wells Gray Park" (5th edition) and "Nature Wells Gray" (2nd edition). 

</doc>
<doc id="31064793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064793" title="Baron Von Porkchop">
Baron Von Porkchop

Baron Von Porkchop is the fictional host of Terrifying Tales of the Macabre, a horror host television show from Dayton, Ohio. Terrifying Tales of the Macabre is produced by Bloodline Video TV, a division of Bloodline Video (Dayton, Ohio)The show began airing on January 8, 2010 on DATV, Dayton's Public-access television cable TV channel [http://datv.org and is now in filming for its second season. The show currently also airs on the Miami Valley Cable Council (MVCC) and the Monster Channel. The Baron is played by Stephen Arthur Alexander II.In early 2012 Baron Von Porkchop also won 2011's Horror Host of the year award from Putrid TV, making him the first ever winner of this award.
Sidekicks.
The Baron is joined by many sidekicks on his adventures that include
Episodes.
Season 1 (January 8, 2011 - March 4, 2011)
Season 2 (airing)
The Baron's Ball.
On February 26, 2011, Baron Von Porkchop hosted a local rock concert in Dayton, OH called The Baron's Ball. It was the first of what was designed to be an annual event and featured live music from local bands including Todd the Fox, Henrique Couto and the Tallywacker Express, TEAM VOID and Jasper the Colossal.[http://www.gillysjazz.com/the-barons-ball-2011/]

</doc>
<doc id="31064798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064798" title="Leonard Andaya">
Leonard Andaya

’
Leonard Andaya is Professor of Southeast Asian History at University of Hawaii at Manoa. His concentration is in the modern history of Southeast Asia, particularly that of Malaysia, Indonesia, the southern Philippines, and southern Thailand.
Andaya received his BA in History from Yale University, and his MA and PhD in Southeast Asian history from Cornell University. He has also taught and held research positions at the University of Malaya, Australian National University, and Auckland University. He is married to Barbara Watson Andaya, a historian and scholar of similar topics at the same university.

</doc>
<doc id="31064814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064814" title="Gourahari Das">
Gourahari Das

Dr. Gourahari Das (born October 9, 1960 in India) is a story writer, novelist, columnist and media icon of Orissa, India.
Early life.
One of the leading Oriya fiction writers, Gourahari Das was born on October 9, 1960 in Sandhagada village of Bhadrak district of Orissato Gajendra Prasad Das and Smt. Sakuntala Das. 
His writings reflect the checkered trajectories of a person who "traveled in many directions". Das regards himself as a "Traveler". He uses both village and urban landscapes to explore nature and human relations. His stories are steeped with local cultural ethos which brings emotional appeal to reader’s hearts and minds. They portray a keen struggle for existence among the social churning and erosion of high values. They are moving accounts of tribulations of people caught in the complexity of life.
Education.
He holds the M.A, Ph.D, M.J.M.C. degrees. After finishing elementary education at his village primary school and then at Ghatapur High School, he left for Cuttack. Where he earned his livelihood as a domestic help in some well-to-do families and managed to pursue his education in Ravenshaw Evening College. Starting from Intermediate to Postgraduate classes, he has studied in night colleges. He has never been a day scholar owing to his precarious financial condition.
Career.
He supported himself through his college and university studies by being a domestic helper and giving private tuition and composition in a letter press.
Journalism.
He joined "Sambad" the largest circulated Oriya daily as a trainee-journalist in 1985. He continues there as the Editor of Features and Editor of Katha, the most popular fiction monthly. He has worked in different capacities starting from the Director (News) of Kanak TV, a sister organization of "Sambad" and CGM (News) of "Sambad".
Teaching.
Presently, Das is the Principal of Sambad School of Media and Culture which runs post-Graduate Programm in Journalism and Mass Communications.
Writings.
He writes a political gossip "Rajdhani Rajneeti"under the pseudonym "Sri Narada" {the Hindu mythological character who is regarded as the very first journalist of the world) in "Sambad". "Jibanara Jalachabi" is another very popular column in "Sambad", which means "Reflections of life" where he reflects on his real life experiences which are inspiring, his strong words and forceful logical exposition probing the depths of human wounds and carrying the inner voice of the victim. Another of his regular columns is "Orissa Diary" which is also in "Sambad", since 25 years. Dr.Das believes in teachings of Socrates- "To live is nothing, to live rightly is everything". He has been continuously writing since 1980 and has published more than 40 titles by 2011. He reposes faith in value-system and has tremendous confidence on the ability of man.
Fellowships.
Junior Research Fellowship (Central Ministry of Culture) Writer in Residency Fellowship: Sahitya Academy, New Delhi.
Awards.
He is the recipient of many prestigious awards including

</doc>
<doc id="31064825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064825" title="Billy Doolan">
Billy Doolan

Frederick William "Billy" Doolan Jnr (also known as Billy Doo, 1952-) is an Australian Indigenous artist who lives in Townsville, Queensland but does most of his current artwork in Melbourne, Victoria. 
He was featured in two 2011-2012 exhibitions, a one man show titled 'Between Sky and Sea" at the Italian Institute of Culture in Melbourne which ran from 28 October 2010 to 20 April 2012 and a major show which exhibited in Italy from the 11th February 2011 to the 28th of August 2011 titled "Dreamtime Lo Spirito Dell'Arte Aborigena". It was held at MAN Museum, Nuoro, Sardinia and final attendance figures were 25,000. In addition some 2000 school children ranging from late primary school level to early secondary attended classes at the Museum to be taught some basic elements of Australian Aboriginal art and culture. Almost 90 Aboriginal artists from all over Australia were featured and over 350 items were exhibited making it the largest public showing of its type to be shown overseas. Twenty two of Billys' pieces were chosen for the exhibition which made him the largest single contributor. Curators in Australia were Maree Clarke from the Koori Heritage Trust, Amanda Reynolds from Stella Stories and Giovanna Gotti, the senior curator for the Egyptian Art Museum in Turin.
Early life.
Doolan's mother came from the town of Gulf of Carpentaria (Grandmother came from Croydon, Queensland), and his father, for whom he is named, from Central Queensland, Australia.
Doolan was born in 1952 on Palm Island, Queensland which was the site of a penal settlement from 1918 and is one of the largest Aboriginal communities in Australia with Indigenous people making up 96.6% of the population (ABS, 2006). Bwgcolman is the name given to Aboriginals resettled on Palm Island but the young Doolan lived only a few years on the island before his family was evicted to the Australian mainland.
Billy's father Frederick William, was a ringleader in the 1957 Palm Island Labourer's Strike. This political activity resulted in the family being removed from Palm Island to Townsville on the mainland coast where they settled in Happy Valley.
Billy's great great grandfather (Grandmother's Grandfather) was from Canton, China.
Career.
The Dictionary of Australian Artists Online states that Doolan's works were showcased in 2001 exhibition "Gatherings", Contemporary Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art from Queensland, Australia and that Doolan works are in synthetic polymer on linen. The exhibition was held at the Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre. The book launched at the show and carrying the same title was written by Marion Demozay and published by Keearia Press, Southport, Queensland. 
"Gatherings 11" again featured Doolans' works and was shown at The Queensland Art Gallery in 2006. The accompanying book of the same title was launched at the opening night. Author was Marion Demozay and publisher Keearia Press.
In 2009 the artist was a finalist in the 2009 Victorian Aboriginal Art Awards held at Boscia Gallery, Melbourne. The exhibition was supported by the Victorian Government and accompanied by a booklet featuring Billy's work.
The "Dreamtime Lo Spirito Dell'Arte Aborigena" Catalogue published in February 2011 is an Italian edition and supports the travelling exhibition of the same title. 22 of Billys' pieces are featured in the exhibition and illustrated in the catalogue. Contributing authors are Maree Clarke, senior curator at The Koorie Heritage Trust, Amanda Reynolds, Dr Davide Sandrini, Giovanna Gotti, senior curator of the Turin Egyptian Museum and Hans Sip.
The Italian Institute of Culture in Melbourne held Billy Doolan's first major solo public exhibition titled "Between Sea and Sky: Songs of a Voyage" in 2010 with the paintings '...the result of a cultural exchange project initiated by Melbourne-based Sicilian-born arts promoter Maria Sanciolo-Bell'. All eight of Doolan's Sicilian themed paintings included in the IAI were painted between the George Wright Aboriginal Hostel in Melbourne and his Townsville home. The works presented a unique set of challenges for the artist who gained his inspiration from his trip to Sicily in 2009. He was mindful of presenting a sensitive and respectful rendering of Sicilian history and life and the project took over a year to complete. 
The remaining seven works in the show were contributed by Hans Sip of Aboriginal Exhibitions Pty Ltd who is the artist's representative. The Sicilian project led to the biggest non-commercial travelling exhibition of indigenous artwork to leave Australia as of 2011 initially titled "The Rainbow Serpent" and later renamed "Dreamtime". Doolan was one of 90 artists included in the $3 million exhibition and is its greatest contributor with 22 pieces out of the total of over 350 exhibits. More than 280 items were donated to the show by Hans Sip with the remainder donated by Adam Williams, another major private collector and 9 individual artists.
The "Between and Sky" exhibition toured 4 cities in Sicily in 2012 and is scheduled to tour a further 4 cities in Sicily in 2013.
In 2013 Billy was requested by the directors of the Mt Etna Association to prepare a statement relating to his visit to Etna and what it meant to him. One of the paintings in the "Between Sea ans Sky" exhibition is of Mt Etna and this image together with his statement formed part of the Association's bid for the World Heritage listing of Mt Etna. UNESCO formally announced the listing of MT Etna in June 2013. 
A didgeridoo painted by Billy which was previously exhibited in Italy was presented to the UNESCO office in Rome and is now part of its collection and on public display there.
On the 24th of February 2014 the artist received a formal invitation from the Head of the Department of Cultural and Creative Arts, Faculty of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences at The Hong Kong Institute of Education, Professor Samuel Leong to accept a residency.
He will be in Hong Kong from the 23rd of April 2014 to the 24th of May 2014 and during the visit Billy will be involved in the following activities:-
Participation in the UNESCO International Arts Education Week events.
Academic and student presentations discussing topic areas around art, heritage, indigenous culture and stories.
Workshops in painting style.
Cultural exchanges with Hong Kong academics, educators and artists.
Completion of nine paintings by November 2014 offering Doolan's impressions of Hong Kong with the objective of converging Chinese and Aboriginal cultures. The artist will draw on his own Chinese heritage through his great grand father Sam Wing. Mr Wing came to the Croydon goldfields in Northern Queensland in the late nineteenth century to seek his fortune and settled, married Billy's great grandmother and raised a family.
The artist collaborated with Amanda Feher to produce two metal sculptures titled "Canoe People" and "Gabul Creation Story" for the Jezzine Barracks redevelopment in Townsville. The official public opening was the fourth of April 2014.
Creative Cowboy Films produced a thirty minute blog on the artist's visit to Hong Kong which was released on the eighteenth of April 2014.
On the second of May 2014 the first two paintings of the Hong Kong series were revealed by Prof. Samuel Leong and the artist titled "Nine Dragons of Kowloon" and "Cranes" 
An article titled 'A Mighty Heart Billy Doolan" was published by Essentials Magazine in their Autumn 2011 issue (no.20). It featured three of the paintings which were touring Italy at the time.
Italianicious Magazine published an article titled "Impressions of Sicily" in their November–December 2011 issue featuring works hanging at the "Between Sea and Sky" exhibition at the Italian Institute of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="31064829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064829" title="Pavlovich v. Superior Court">
Pavlovich v. Superior Court

Pavlovich v. Superior Court, 29 Cal. 4th 262, is a California Supreme Court case in which the court declined to find personal jurisdiction over a non-resident defendant who had no personal contacts with California. The Court found that the posting of a misappropriated trade secret on a Web site which could result in harm to California residents was not sufficient to show he had purposely availed himself of the forum state by expressly aiming his conduct at residents of California.
Background.
Respondent.
Although The Superior Court of Santa Clara County is the named respondent in the case, the real party in interest is the DVD Copy Control Association ("DVD CCA"), a nonprofit trade association. DVD CCA is a Delaware corporation, with its principal place of business in California.
DVD CCA owned the licensing rights to the Content Scrambling System(CSS) which is used to encrypt and protect copyright material on DVDs.
Petitioner.
Matthew Pavlovich was a computer engineering student at Purdue University in Indiana. While a student he operated a Web site "livid.on.openprojects.net." ("LiVid"). LiVid was founded to promote the development of video and DVD support for the Linux open source operating system. At the time of the California Supreme Court's decision he lived and worked in Texas.
Cause of Action.
Pavlovich posted the source code of a program called DeCSS on the LiVid Web site in October 1999. DeCSS allowed users to decrypt DVDs encrypted with CSS. In December 1999 DVD CCA filed suit against Pavlovich and other defendants in Santa Clara County Superior Court. In its complaint, DVD CCA alleged that Pavlovich misappropriated its trade secrets by posting the DeCSS program on the LiVid Web site. The complaint sought injunctive relief only.
Procedural History.
Pavlovich filed a motion to quash service of process, asserting that the court did not have personal jurisdiction over him. The trial court denied the motion and Pavlovich appealed the ruling to the Court of Appeal for a writ of mandate. The Court of Appeal denied the petition without issuing a published opinion, the California Supreme Court granted review and transferred the matter back to the Court of Appeal with directions to vacate its denial order and issue an order to show cause (publish an opinion). The Court of Appeal again denied the petition, this time with a published opinion.
Pavlovich then appealed this ruling to the California Supreme Court which granted review.
Issue.
Whether the trial court properly exercised jurisdiction over Pavlovich based solely on the posting of the DeCSS source code on the LiVid Web site
Holding.
A court may exercise specific jurisdiction over a nonresident defendant only if: 
The court held that the purposeful availment requirement is only met when "the defendant purposefully and voluntarily directs his activities toward the forum so that he should expect, by virtue of the benefit he receives, to be subject to the court's jurisdiction based on his contacts with the forum" Purposeful availment was further defined by the United States Supreme Court in "Calder v. Jones". In "Calder" the Court developed the "effects test" and found personal jurisdiction over a defendant who had no prior contacts with the forum state. While courts have adopted different variations of the "effects test", the California Supreme Court held that the following two requirements must be met 
In applying these standards to the facts, the court found that Pavlovich had not expressly aimed his tortious conduct at or intentionally targeted California. The Court stated that "Pavlovich's sole contact with California is LiVid's posting of the DeCSS source code containing DVD CCA's proprietary information on an Internet Web site accessible to any person with Internet access. Pavlovich never worked in California. He owned no property in California, maintained no bank accounts in California, and had no telephone listings in California. Neither Pavlovich nor his company solicited or transacted any business in California"
The court found persuasive the fact that the Web site was purely "passive" in that it was not interactive with visitors, or the posting of information was the extent of the site. Additionally the court noted that there was no evidence that Pavlovich knew DVD CCA's principal place of business was in California. 
DVD CCA insisted that Pavlovich's knowledge that the motion picture industry and computer industry were centered in California and could be harmed by his tortious conduct was enough to satisfy the express aiming requirement. But the court was not moved by this argument, finding that Pavlovich's knowledge that a third-party might use the DeCSS code to illegally pirate copyrighted materials did not qualify as express aiming. Additionally, the court found no evidence that Pavlovich actually knew that any licensees of the CSS program were in California finding that:
"At most, the record establishes that Pavlovich should have guessed that these licensees resided in California because there are many consumer electronic and computer companies in California. DVD CCA's argument therefore boils down to the following syllogism: jurisdiction exists solely because Pavlovich's tortious conduct had a foreseeable effect in California. But mere foreseeability is not enough for jurisdiction"
The court emphasized that knowledge of the possibility of harm in the forum cannot be enough, that to allow jurisdiction on these facts would be to impermissibly ignore the express aiming requirement of the "effects test".
Dissent.
The dissent disagreed that Pavlovich had not expressly aimed his conduct at the motion picture industry and computer industry which the record supported that he knew were centered in California, stating:
"The DeCSS source code was posted on defendant Pavlovich's LiVid Web site as part of a widespread effort to defeat the CSS encryption system jointly developed by the movie and DVD industries for their mutual protection and benefit. DeCSS was posted on the LiVid Web site despite Pavlovich's assumption that DeCSS illegally infringed the licensed trade secret represented by CSS. Pavlovich, a technical expert in this area, knew CSS was intended to protect copyrighted materials on DVD's from unauthorized duplication, and also to limit DVD playback to systems with CSS technology. Indeed LiVid's goal in defeating CSS was to develop an alternative, and presumably competitive, 'open source' DVD playback system. Thus, the intended injurious effects of posting DeCSS were aimed directly at the computer hardware industry involved in producing CSS-encrypted DVD players—an industry Pavlovich knew was heavily concentrated in California"

</doc>
<doc id="31064835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064835" title="Iron Brigade (video game)">
Iron Brigade (video game)

Iron Brigade, formerly titled Trenched, is a 2011 video game developed by Double Fine Productions and published by Microsoft Studios as a downloadable Xbox Live Arcade title on the Xbox 360; it was later set for release as a Microsoft Windows title in 2012. Announced at the 2011 Game Developers Conference by Tim Schafer, "Iron Brigade" is a hybrid tower defense and third person shooter game, set after World War I in an alternate reality, where the player controls units from "The Mobile Trench Brigade" to fight off robotic species called the Monovision. The player controls giant mecha-style robots with weapon and armor customization through a variety of missions set across the world. The game was released on the Xbox Live service on June 22, 2011, with a delayed release in certain European areas due to trademark issues with the title, with its release scheduled for November 30, 2011 but was ultimately released on December 1, 2011 under the alternate name "Iron Brigade". The name of the title was updated worldwide to "Iron Brigade" alongside the European release.
Plot.
Set in an alternate history shortly after the end of World War I, a strange radio communication known as "the Broadcast" is sent across the world and caused many people who listened to it to die. Two war veterans, Frank Woodruff and Vladimir Farnsworth, survive the attack and gain super-intelligence and a knowledge of advanced technology. Frank, having previously lost his legs in the war, uses his knowledge to design and build mechanical walking platforms called "mobile trenches," giving other disabled soldiers the ability to move again. Vladimir on the other hand creates the Monovision, allowing people to experience the world from the comfort and isolation of their homes. Vladimir is driven insane by his own invention; bent on global conquest, he constructs Monovision-based robotic creatures, derogatorily called "Tubes", and lays Monovision cables across the world. As Vladimir's forces spread, Frank's "Mobile Trench Brigade" leads the counterattack. After the "Mobile Trench Brigade" has defeated Vladmir's forces, it's revealed that the Monovision's influence on Vladimir has rendered his body like that of a newborn baby while maintaining his head and intellect. While no one is sure where the Monovisions came from or when they'll strike again, Frank remarks that the "Mobile Trench Brigade" will be there to fight the menace should it ever rise up again.
Gameplay.
"Iron Brigade" is considered to be a hybrid game, mixing the gameplay of tower defense games with third-person shooters and incorporating role-playing video game elements. Players control a "trench", a giant war machine that can move about the battlefield as needed. The player's goal is to protect their base, the ship "U.S.S. McKinley" from increasingly difficult waves of Monovisions. Though a player's trench may be disabled by enemy attacks, the player can spend time to repair the machine and continue on; the game is only lost when the base is overrun by the Monovisions. During the attacks, the player has the ability to ground its trench at a fixed spot, or move about the field to fire on foes.
Before combat, the player customizes their equipment on their trench at the base. The choice of the hull for the trench will affect the number and types of weapons that can be loaded onto it. The player can also select which Emplacements they will carry, eventually targeting a location on the battlefield to place them. Emplacements provide both offensive capabilities well as defensive ones such as repulsing enemies back. As the player defeats the Monovisions, they will drop scrap pieces that can be used to repair, upgrade, and call in more Emplacements. After successfully winning a battle, the player gains rewards including new weapons and parts for their trench, and decorative hats similar to "Team Fortress 2". The player will gain experience points towards both personal goals and "Regiment" goals, reflecting progress among the last several Xbox Live players that the player cooperated with. In a manner similar to "", new weapons and other customization options become available as the player gains level this way. "Iron Brigade" allows for up to four player co-operative gameplay.
Development.
"Iron Brigade" is the fourth game (including "Costume Quest", "Stacking", and "") to result from a period called "Amnesia Fortnight" during the 2009-2010 period where Double Fine's last disc-based release, "Brütal Legend", had no publisher. To bolster morale, Tim Schafer divided the team into four groups, challenging to develop a game prototype within two weeks for review by the rest of the company. Each of the four ideas were found to be successful bases for future games. When "Brutal Legend" was completed and Double Fine was told to discontinue work on a sequel, Schafer turned to these four games and sought publishers for them as smaller, downloadable titles.
The game's art style is inspired by men's magazines of the 1940s and '50s, which illustrated "the sense of adventure, bravery, camaraderie, drinking, and good old-fashioned face-punching violence," according to project lead Brad Muir. With their development assisted by Microsoft Studios, Muir and his art team were able to tap into Microsoft's own art department to create some of these images.
The game was originally announced and released in North America as "Trenched". Though scheduled to be released near the same time as the North American version, the European versions of the game were delayed indefinitely. It was discovered that an earlier registered trademark on a war-themed Portuguese board game "Trench," owned by Rui Alípio Monteiro, conflicted with "Trenched"s name. Rui Alípio Monteiro has stated they wish to make "Trench" into an electronic game, further complicating "Trenched"s release. A similar challenge occurred in the United States, where Rui Alípio Monteiro had also previously filed for the "Trench" trademark. According to Muir, Microsoft worked to resolve the trademark issue to assure release of the game in Europe. Ultimately, at the Gamescom 2011 conference, Microsoft announced that "Trenched" would be retitled as "Iron Brigade" in Europe, with a release set for November 2011. It was later announced that the name of the game would be updated through a patch in late 2011 to bring the other releases of the game to meet the new "Iron Brigade" name, along with the addition of new game modes, weapons, and extras with the game. The renamed version and European release were originally scheduled for September 2011, but Muir explained that much of the changes had to proceed through various divisions of the Xbox Live Arcade game certification process, delaying the updates until November.
Along with the rename, the game gained a new game mode, weapons, and extras for no additional cost, as a means of a make-off offering for the delay and rename. The release of "Iron Brigade" featured a "Survival" mode where the players must defend as long as possible against an infinite number of waves of enemies. The first downloadable content for the game, "Rise of the Martian Bear", was released on February 1, 2012, and introduces a new campaign, more items and survival mode maps.
A Microsoft Windows version was announced for release on August 13, 2012; this version will include the Martian Bear DLC for free.
Reception.
The title has received mostly positive reviews, with a Metacritic score of 82. Joystiq gave it a very favourable review by scoring it a 4.5/5 rating, calling it a well polished game with lots of personality. The reviewer noted that it had become one of his favourite multiplayer experiences on Xbox Live and is his favourite tower defence game to date. IGN gave the title a 9 out of 10 rating. Anthony Gallegos called it the best downloadable title he's played all year long, stating that its combination of skillful writing, fun shooting, and tactical tower defense makes for hours of replayable gameplay. The Official Xbox Magazine gave it a 9 out of 10 rating, praising explosions, balance of action and strategy, and replayability. Destructoid gave it an 8.5 out of 10 rating, calling it a hell of a fun game that has just a few minor blemishes.
GameSpot gave it an 8 out of 10 rating, praising the combination of tower defense and action gameplay, varied missions with replay value, fun solo and co-op modes, and customization but criticizing the chore of collecting scrap. 1up gave it a B rating, criticizing that the game doesn't include a local co-op option but stating that if you have a friend to play with, it can be a blast. Gamepro gave the title a rating of 4.5 out of 5 stars, praising its addictive, loot-rewarding gameplay, strategic and easy-to-jump-into multiplayer, and fun customization options but criticizing the occasionally wonky enemy indicator and the missing option of a strategic view of the entire map.

</doc>
<doc id="31064861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064861" title="Belgian Building">
Belgian Building

The Belgian Friendship Building or Belgian Pavilion is the former exhibition building for Belgium from the 1939/1940 World's Fair in New York City. It now serves as Barco-Stevens Hall on the campus of Virginia Union University (VUU), in Richmond, Virginia.
It was designed by Belgian architects Victor Bourgeois and Léon Stynen under Henry van de Velde, and is notable as an early example of Modernist architecture in the United States. Due to the outbreak of World War II, the Pavilion could not be returned to Belgium. The Belgian government sponsored a competition to determine the building's new home. VUU won, and the Pavilion moved to Richmond in 1941 as VUU's Belgian Friendship Building. Through 1997, the university's library was also located in the Belgian Friendship Building. It is now VUU's gymnasium.

</doc>
<doc id="31064867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064867" title="Bodyheat (album)">
Bodyheat (album)

Bodyheat is a James Brown album released in 1976 by Polydor Records. It includes the singles "Bodyheat" and "Kiss in '77". It was produced and arranged by James Brown.
The back of the cover features a text written by James Brown titled Brand New Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="31064881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064881" title="Jam (Turn It Up)">
Jam (Turn It Up)

"Jam (Turn It Up)" is a song by American television personality Kim Kardashian. The song features background vocals by singer-songwriter and record producer The-Dream. The song was released to iTunes on March 2, 2011, and half of the proceeds from the sales of the song are being donated to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Shortly after the song's release, Kardashian confirmed that she had no plans to put out a full-length album any time soon.
Background.
In early 2010, Kardashian was introduced to hitmaker The Dream (who previously worked on Rihanna's "Umbrella," and Beyoncé's "Single Ladies") by singer Ciara. Later that year, in September/October, 2010, he reached out to her to pitch an idea and create a debut single for her; she was reluctant at first and sought advice from friends like Kanye West and others who work in the industry "They gave me good advice. They asked me what I do for fun, and I said, 'I go shopping, I hang out with friends.' And was told, 'We go to the studio for fun. Come have fun with us. Don't think too much about it.'" so after a lot of thinking she accepted the challenge. A month later, rumors surfaced the internet that Kardashian had been hitting the studio with The-Dream. A source told People magazine that "they're working on some fun music," and a source reported to TMZ that "Kim's got a really good voice." "I'm the one that actually called her to do it," The-Dream revealed during an interview with Sway Calloway. "This was very, very -- believe it or not -- a very fun moment for me. It's one of my lightest musical moments. [...] It wasn't about kicking off a singing career; it was us really having the power of TV and goofing off.". Kim alluded to her musical side project on Twitter over the holidays, writing, "2011 is all about trying new things and going for it! I'm starting mine something fun and crazy!". She first premiered the song in December 31, 2010, at a New Year's Eve party at TAO nightclub in Las Vegas. In a video that captured the song's unveiling, Kardashian is seen giving the crowd a brief introduction before launching into the new song; "I didn't mean to, but I did this song with The-Dream, and it's really fun! I hope you guys like it!" she told the crowd. Reportedly titled "Turn It Up" and written by The Dream and Tricky Stewart, the song features a steady dance beat, R&B-inflected pop production by The-Dream and a percussion-heavy breakdown, in which he can be heard backing up Kardashian's airy vocals on the chorus of the track. After much anticipation, 3 months later the song was premiered during "On Air with Ryan Seacrest", on March 2, 2011, and was set to be released the same day on iTunes, but it was only released two days later due to unknown issues, on Friday, March 4. Kardashian also revealed that a portion of the proceeds from the sales of the song will be donated to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The single made its television premiere during the March 6, 2011 episode of "Kourtney & Kim Take New York", titled "Dream a Little Dream," in which you can see from the very beginning when Kardashian receives an unexpected offer to record a song with The Dream and her insecurity towards the whole process, and her sister Kourtney's advice to go for it. When asked if an album is in the works, Kardashian replied: "There's no album in the works or anything – just one song we did for the show, and a video Hype Williams directed, half of the proceeds we're giving away to a cancer foundation, because The-Dream's and one of my parents passed away from cancer. It's just all having fun – with a good cause".
Critical reception.
The song received overwhelmingly negative reception from critics and the public. Jim Farber, writing for the "Daily News", called the song a "dead-brained piece of generic dance music, without a single distinguishing feature," and suggested that the single made Kardashian the "worst singer in the reality TV universe." R&B singer Keri Hilson gave her take on Kim's attempt at the music industry during an interview, saying "I haven't the story at all, actually, I thought it was rumor, [...] but hey, I think we're all entitled to follow our dreams. And if that's part of her dream, then go for it. You know? I wouldn't resent anybody for trying something new and you never know what could happen. could discover that she has a new passion."
Commercial performance.
In its first 5 days on sale, the song sold over 14,000 copies in the United States.
Music video.
When it was first reported that Kanye West was scheduled to appear in an upcoming episode of Kardashian's new reality series "Kourtney & Kim Take New York", it didn't take long for people to guess that they were up to something musically. "He's a musical genius, so I would be honored to work with Kanye," Kim told MTV News. It was later revealed that they were working in the music video for the song, which was filmed through December 28, 2010 and the beginning of January, 2011 at a Culver City, California recording studio by director Hype Williams but never officially released. The video also featured a special appearance by Kanye West. In March, Kim tweeted pictures from the video shoot in which she is sporting a white fur and long braids. Some behind-the-scenes archive footage from the video were shown in ads for "Keeping Up with the Kardashians", Season 6. According to Kim's sister, Khloé Kardashian, "It video was never meant to be played publicly." She continues, "I've seen it. It's to die for. Her body is banging, baby. [...] The song was for charity; it wasn't for her to have a recording deal. was something she just wanted to be for herself and for fun, so the video she made just for herself," she told MTV News in May. Six months after the song was released, in August 29, 2011, a 55-second teaser of the video was leaked against her wishes on to the internet. The video features scenes of Kardashian "oiled up, writhing around in a pair of tiny pink booty shorts and a white tank top, displaying wet and wild hair as well as a shiny appearance to her skin; In another part of the clip Kim vamps it up donning bright-red, ultra shiny lipstick and giant mirrored aviator sunglasses as she licks her lips for the camera and gazes sultrily into the lens. At one point the camera pans to a shot of Kim's famous derrière in a pair of neon pink shorts before showing her lying down in a revealing white top."

</doc>
<doc id="31064885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064885" title="Sugarloaf Hydroelectric Power Station">
Sugarloaf Hydroelectric Power Station

The Sugarloaf Hydroelectric Power Station is a mini hydroelectric power station at Sugarloaf Reservoir, near Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is located at the outlet of the North-South Pipeline that carries water over the Great Dividing Range from the Goulburn River to Melbourne. It will recover approximately 40% of the energy used to pump water through the pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="31064897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064897" title="Huang Jianli">
Huang Jianli

Huang Jianli () (born January 1956) is Associate Professor of Chinese History at the National University of Singapore where he is also the Deputy Director of Asia Research Institute. In addition, Huang is a Research Associate at the East Asian Institute and an Invited Senior Research Fellow at the Centre for Chinese Language and Culture, Nanyang Technological University. Huang was the 2011 Lee Kong Chian NUS-Stanford Distinguished Fellow on Southeast Asia.
Biography.
Huang was born in 1956 in Singapore as the eldest child in a third-generation migrant family. He completed his BA (Hons) in History and Economics in the National University of Singapore in 1981. Huang wrote his honours thesis on the 1911 Revolution under the supervision of the late Professor Hsiao Ch’i-Ch’ing. Subsequently, he received a Commonwealth Scholarship to pursue his Ph.D. in Modern Chinese History at the Australian National University. He completed his dissertation entitled "Management of Student Political Activism in China: The Guomindang Policy, 1927-1945" under the supervision of Professor Wang Gungwu. After completing his doctoral studies in 1987, he returned to teach at the National University of Singapore (NUS). At NUS, he has served as the Deputy Head of the Department of History (2001–2004), Academic Convenor of the China Studies Minor Programme (2005–2008) and Chair of the History Undergraduate Curriculum Committee (2007–2009). He also serves in the editorial board of "", "Journal of Southeast Asian Studies" and "International Journal of Diasporic Chinese Studies". Huang becomes the Deputy Director of NUS's Asia Research Institute in January 2013.
Research.
Huang's research interests include party policies on student politics in China, 1920s-1940s; local self-government in wartime Chongqing, 1937-1945; postwar Singapore Chinese community; Sino-Southeast Asia interactions; and Chinese Overseas diaspora studies. He is currently writing a book on the life and times of Lee Kong Chian.
Publications.
Books
Journal Articles
“Umbilical Ties: The Framing of the Overseas Chinese as the Mother of the Revolution.” "Frontiers of History in China" 6, 2 (Jun 2011): 183-228.

</doc>
<doc id="31064916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064916" title="Ibrahim Amada">
Ibrahim Amada

Ibrahim Samuel Amada (born February 28, 1990 in Antananarivo) is a Malagasy football player. He currently plays for USM El Harrach in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Club career.
On January 30, 2011, Amada went on trial with Algerian club JS Kabylie. A few days later, he signed a one year contract with the club becoming the first Malagasy player to sign in Algeria. On March 4, 2011, Amada made his official debut for JS Kabylie in a 2010–11 Algerian Cup match against ES Mostaganem. Amada played the entire game as JS Kabylie won 1-0. Amada was released from the club at the end of season, making just 11 league appearances.
On July 28, 2012, Amada signed a three year contract with USM El Harrach.
International career.
On October 11, 2008, Amada made his debut for the Madagascar national football team in 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Côte d'Ivoire as a substitute in the 74th minute. However, Madagascar went on to lose the game 3-0.

</doc>
<doc id="31064935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064935" title="John R. Wooden High School">
John R. Wooden High School

John R. Wooden High School is a public continuation high school in the Reseda neighborhood of the San Fernando Valley, Los Angeles, California, within the Los Angeles Unified School District.
History.
Aliso High School was renamed John R. Wooden High School in 2004, in honor of UCLA basketball coach John Wooden.

</doc>
<doc id="31064936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064936" title="Sonja Barend">
Sonja Barend

Sonja Maria Barend (Amsterdam, 29 February 1940) is a Dutch television personality and former talk show host. Her talk show "Sonja", which she presented since the 1970s, was noted for breaking taboos and allowing ordinary people a voice in public dialog. She retired from television in 2006, after four decades of television making.
Barend has worked for television since 1966. From the late 1970s on she presented her own weekly talk show for the (socialist) VARA broadcasting organization, a show whose name was based on the day of transmission, e.g. "Sonja op Maandag" ("Sonja on Monday"). In 1996 "Sonja op Zaterdag" ("Saturday") came to an end, after the retirement of Ellen Blazer, her regular producer, with whom she collaborated from the beginning of her television career. Her show, which featured interview and public discussion, was known for allowing ordinary people to have their say. This included, for instance, the viewpoints of ethnic minorities, and relied to a great extent on Barend's personality and commitment.
Barend was outspoken on political and ideological topics, and television viewers either loved or hated her. Especially in the 1970s and 1980s she was never afraid to openly discuss taboo topics—homosexuality, feminism, emancipation, and sexuality. According to Marcel van Dam, chairman of the VARA from 1985 on to 1995, she personified the public's negative perception of the VARA (ill-tempered, moralistic), but he could not imagine how the VARA would have survived without her.
From 1997 until 2002 she and Paul Witteman had a daily news and talk program, "B&W". She officially retired from making television in 2006, and on the occasion of her last "Sonja" show, was awarded as Officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau by Job Cohen, then-mayor of Amsterdam. That last episode, which included an overview of her career and a number of notable television personalities, received a subtitle, "En morgen gezond weer op!" ("And tomorrow, wake up healthy"), in reference to her usual closing of her TV shows. "Gezond Weer Op" is also the title of a collection of interviews culled from her shows. An annual award for best television interview is named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="31064967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064967" title="GroupSpaces">
GroupSpaces

GroupSpaces (styled groupspaces) is a London-based online company that provides technology to help real-world clubs, societies, associations and other groups manage their membership and activities, and promote themselves online. Founded by Oxford University students David Langer and Andy Young, the company was launched in the United Kingdom in 2007 and has since expanded into the United States and over 30 other countries. As of November 2010, its software is used to host over 1 million memberships.
Revenue and funding.
GroupSpaces generates revenue via a combination of premium accounts, targeted advertising and transaction commission from payments made through the site. GroupSpaces has also partnered with many leading nationwide networks of groups such as SIFE, Engineers Without Borders and the British Judo Association.
The company also generates revenue by allowing graduate recruiters to advertise their campus activities and promote their opportunities to a highly employable community of students throughout the whole academic year. Campaigns can be targeted to specific universities and audiences such as fraternities, hobbyists and entrepreneurial clubs.
Since 2007, GroupSpaces has worked with over 70 graduate recruiters including Allen & Overy, Clifford Chance, Slaughter & May, Freshfields, BCG, McKinsey & Company, Accenture, Deloitte, PwC, KPMG, Citi, JP Morgan, Barclays Capital, Morgan Stanley, Bank of England, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, RBS, UBS, Lloyd's of London and the NHS. GroupSpaces also works with many of the leading recruitment agencies in the UK including Euro RSCG Riley, SAS Design, Thirty Three, TMP Worldwide, Stafford Long, Work Communications, Mediacom and City & Law.
The company raised a small amount of angel finance from Avonmore Developments in January 2008. In June 2010 it secured a $1.3 million (£860,000) investment round from Index Ventures and a leading angel investor consortium including Dave McClure, Chris Sacca, Simon Levene, Meagan Marks, Ariel Poler and Quincy Smith of CODE Advisors. The previous backers, Stephen Bullock and Simon and Michael Blakey, of Avonmore Developments, also participated in the round.
The funding has been used to expand both the technical and marketing teams in both the United Kingdom and United States. In the first few months of operation in the United States, top schools such as Harvard, Yale, Princeton, MIT and Stanford signed on with GroupSpaces.
In April 2013 Andy Young walked away from Groupspaces and by July 2013 it had become a "ghost operation" with no customer support and no development. The UK Companies Registry started compulsory winding up against the company in April 2013, and although this was withdrawn, as of 3 November 2013 the company was again overdue with required filings.
Founders.
GroupSpaces was cofounded in October 2007 by David Langer, 25, and Andy Young, 26, while the two were students at Oxford University. After studying how their college’s clubs and societies worked–and running a few themselves–the two came up with GroupSpaces.
As a student, Langer was president, treasurer, captain, webmaster and a member of groups with activities ranging from triathlon to table tennis. He cofounded GroupSpaces while studying for a mathematics degree at Oxford University and was subsequently awarded second place in the 2007 UK Graduate of the Year competition. Langer previously worked at JP Morgan, McKinsey & Company and Lehman Brothers.
Andy Young serves as cofounder and CTO of GroupSpaces. He is the creator of Selective Tweets, the most popular third-party app to link Twitter and Facebook, with over 500,000 users and 1.5m status updates per month.
Awards.
On April 13, 2011, GroupSpaces was named the winner of the Social Networking and Collaboration category of the Startup 100 awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31064997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31064997" title="Love Your Shorts Film Festival">
Love Your Shorts Film Festival

The Love Your Shorts Film Festival is a film festival held in Sanford, Florida, around Valentine's Day. The Festival screens only short films under 30 minutes in length. Films are divided into different blocks for screening. Audience members at each block vote for their favorite film and winners are announced on the spot. The winning films from each block advance to a final block for a panel of judges to pick the overall festival winner. Winners of each block earn the festival’s award, the “Monroe,” an original piece of metal artwork named after Sanford’s Lake Monroe. At the end of each block a brief Q&A session is conducted between the filmmakers and audience members. The Festival hosts an hour-long moderated filmmakers panel in which movie techniques and filmmaker triumphs and tribulations are discussed.
2011 Festival.
General Information.
The 2011 Love Your Shorts Film Festival was held at the Greater Sanford Regional Chamber of Commerce, which used to be a USO headquarters. The dates of the festival were February 11–13, 2011. There were over 220 movies submitted from 15 countries, of which, 63 were selected for screening.
2012 Festival.
General Information.
The 2012 Love Your Shorts Film Festival was held at the historic Ritz Theater / Wayne Densch Performing Arts Center on February 10–12, 2012. The theater was established in 1922 and has a seating capacity of 585. Film submissions were accepted from June 1, 2011 through November 30, 2011 via Withoutabox.

</doc>
<doc id="31065008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065008" title="Ahwan Sebastian">
Ahwan Sebastian

Ahwan Sebastian was a playwright, director, music director and actor in Malayalam. Within a career of more than five decades, he has directed six stage plays, and has given music to more than twenty plays and two films ("Love Marriage" and "Karutha Pennu"). He has also scripted and directed a film "Kalopasana" (1981). He is best known as the writer and director of the stage play "Devasutram" which ran in Kerala theatres for many years. Other notable scripts include "Upasana", "Brahmasuran", "Chooshakamanthram" and "Anaswaramanthram". His last play, "Kabandhangal", was released in 1984. He established his own professional drama group called "Musical Theatres" in 1958. He died on 2 March 2011, he was 77.

</doc>
<doc id="31065020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065020" title="Guy Ferri">
Guy Ferri

Guy Ferri (July 7, 1922 – 1991) was a United States diplomat and United Nations official who served as a State Department foreign service officer from 1954–1972 and as the deputy representative of the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations from 1972 to 1983. 
Early life.
Born as Gaetano Ferri in Loreto Aprutino, Italy on July 7, 1922 to Assunta and Pasquale Ferri. The Ferri family immigrated to the United States when he was a young child and settled in Hamburg, Pennsylvania.
Military career.
Upon completion of high school in Hamburg, Ferri then served in the United States Army as a sergeant in North Africa and Europe during World War II and later served as a captain in the United States Air Force Reserve. Ferri completed his undergraduate studies at Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service and earned a Masters Degree in Public Administration from Harvard University. He married Teresa Bursley in 1955. 
Political career.
During his career as a foreign service officer with the State Department he was stationed with his family in numerous United States embassies including Buenos Aires; Saigon, South Vietnam, and Asuncion, Paraguay, as well as a multitude of assignments in Washington D.C. He was fluent in English, Italian, Spanish, and French.
Ferri resided in Rye, NY during his time as deputy representative of the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations and then retired with his wife to Palm Coast, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31065037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065037" title="Massage for Relaxation">
Massage for Relaxation

Massage For Relaxation is a 1985 instructional video and was among the first on how to massage another person. Produced by Mark Schulze and Patricia Mooney of New & Unique Videos, of San Diego, California.
Background.
Patricia Mooney graduated from the Mueller College of Massage in San Diego as a massage technician in 1981, and subsequently authored several articles in national publications. In 1987 she added additional footage of Self Massage instruction to the 1985 prequel. The film was videotaped and live-switched in a Public-access television studio with three video cameras, and distributed worldwide on VHS, Beta and PAL videotape formats.
Synopsis.
The instructional film shows Cleo (aka Patty Mooney) performing a massage on Maria (aka Maya Campos) using Swedish Oil techniques. Also included are instructions for a Glowing Salt Rub.
Release.
New & Unique Videos was founded in 1985. That same year, the 45-minute instructional video "Massage for Relaxation" was listed in a special interest video Christmas catalog at London's Heathrow Airport bookstore." Other special interest video distributors carried the title in their catalogs, including Wood Knapp, BFS Limited in Canada, Instructional Video, Inc., The Learning Annex, and Publishers Clearing House.
In 2011, New & Unique Videos reissued "Massage For Relaxation" in DVD format, and made it available for on-demand downloading at video kiosks at Microsoft and Sony Style stores in Europe and the United States.
Recognition.
Awards and nominations.
In 1985, the film won an International Television Association (ITVA) Video Medallion Award.
Reception.
In July 1995, P.J. Birosik of "Nexus Magazine" noted the 1985 ITVA award and commented that the video had a "soothing score" making it "easy to relax while learning how to massage oneself or another." He noted also that through closeup shots the demonstrations were clear and the proffered techniques of massage and salt rub were easy to learn.
In September 1988, "Billboard Magazine" wrote that while "Everyone enjoys a good massage", "the difficult part is getting someone to give you one," noting "Briskly paced and modestly priced, this program just may make a dent in the sell-through market."
"Vegetarian Times" wrote that after a hard workout, a massage is always welcome, and noted the instruction available through the film.
"Total Health Magazine" found the video to be unique in that it "is both instructional for someone learning to be a masseur and instructor Cleo demonstrates how to give yourself a massage. Techniques are plainly shown how to relieve tension in neck, shoulders, back, hips, chest, abdomen, legs, arms, feet, face and head".
"Health Foods Business" wrote in 1988 that while the benefits of massage might be obtainable "from the hands of a trained and certified pro," decent massage can be done by amateurs who use some of the available "books and video cassettes which, while not a substitute for a massage therapy course, can help the nonprofessional acquire some skills for home use." They noted that "Massage For Relaxation", put together in 1985 by trained masseuse and frequently published author Patricia Mooney, is one such video and that it contained "a 15-minute section on self-massage."
The "Video Rating Guide for Libraries" wrote that while the video's cover jacket was "attractive and provocative", it was an otherwise "highly professional, nonpornographic treatment of whole body massage," noting that the camera angles and detail work presented an "excellent focus on various techniques of massage", and that the benefits of whole body massage were featured with "emphasis placed on relieving pain and enhancing digestion." They made special note of the video including detailed explanation of self-massage techniques, and that the instructor's demonstrations of a wide variety of techniques would be "especially useful for novices".

</doc>
<doc id="31065047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065047" title="Cerithiella amblytera">
Cerithiella amblytera

Cerithiella amblytera is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Watson in 1880.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 6.3 mm.
Distribution.
This species is known from European waters and occurs also off the Cape Verdes.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 960 m. Maximum recorded depth is 1234 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065060" title="Cerithiella astrolabiensis">
Cerithiella astrolabiensis

Cerithiella astrolabiensis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Watson in 1880.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 11.5 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 95 m. Maximum recorded depth is 298 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065068" title="Rath (Oriya surname)">
Rath (Oriya surname)

Rath or Rathasharma (, ) are Utkala Brahmins having Atreya or Krishnatreya gotra. The surname in ancient days were given according to gotra and the speciality of the job done by Brahmin scholars. They especially specialise the Vikriti Paatha of Shukla Yajurveda and Rigveda which is "Ratha Patha". The Veda can be recited in eleven different ways among which three are Prakruti and remaining seven are Vikruti. These are Samhita (Richa), Pada, Krama (3 Prakruti) and Jataa, Rekha, Maala, Dhwaja, Shikha, Danda, Ratha and Ghana (Vikrutis). So the surname holders once mastered the Ratha tradition of chanting Veda. Sometimes they are called Rathatreya(रथात्रेय).
Etymology.
"Rath" is a word from the Sanskrit language meaning:
The three definitions are different and should not be confused with Rathee spelt with the hard 'T' as Raṭha (रठ), Rāṭhī(राठी) or Rāṭhore (राठोर).
Tradition.
These group of Brahmins have Harihara worship and Bhuvaneshwari worship as family tradition. Goddess Bhuvaneshvari is regarded as their Kula devi. Many Oriya Devi Mahatmya Pundits also belong to this sub group. The revival of Utkala Brahmins is attributed to Pundit Shri Sadashiva Rathasharma who in mid 20th century re-established the Sanskrit education in around Orissa. The Sadashiva Parishad is established in Puri to keep Sanskrit education alive.
Gotra.
Ātreya (Sanskrit: आत्रेय) Gotra: Generally belonging to the lineage of Maharṣi Atri, seer of the 5th maṇḍala of the Ṛk Veda. Specifically, they are the direct descendents of Maharṣi Rathātreya (रथात्रेय) one of the seers of this maṇḍala.

</doc>
<doc id="31065077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065077" title="Samuil Guz">
Samuil Guz

Samuil Yurievich Guz (; December 5, 1905, Melitopol, Russia - May 29, 1969, Zaporizhia, USSR) was an important innovator in Soviet Metallurgical Industry and one of the founders of the Soviet Titanium Industry.
Biography.
Samuil Yurievich Guz was born to a Jewish family in South-Western Russia (currently Ukraine), and received his engineering degree in 1927 from the evening division of rabfak, Odessa, (currently Ukraine). He worked at the Dneprovsky Magnesium Works (currently Zaporizhia Titanium-Magnesium Plant) in Zaporizhia, USSR (currently Ukraine). He fought in the Winter War of 1939-1940. 
He became Chief Engineer of the Dneprovsky Magnesium Works in 1935, and in 1941, at the beginning of the Great Patriotic War, was in charge of the plant’s evacuation to the village of Solikamsk, in the Eastern Russian region of Ural. The newly founded factory later became the Solikamsk Magnesium Works.
In 1942 he became Director of the Polevskoy Cryolite Plant (town of Polevskoy, Ural Region, Russia). Along with A.F. Pavlov, N.N. Kichin, V.P. Sipailov and V.V. Shchenkov, he developed the technology for industrialized production of titanium at the Polevskoy Cryolite Plant. From 1954 to 1960 he was the Chief Engineer of Zaporizhia Titanium-Magnesium Plant, Zaporizhia, USSR. He was also the Chief Metallurgist of the Titanium Institute, Zaporizhia, USSR (1961-1968), where he took part in the construction and launching of the Bereznikovsky and Ust-Kamenogorsky Titanium Magnesium Plants. He was the chairman of the State Approval Commission for those two enterprises.
S.Yu. Guz authored several textbooks on the technology of titanium production. He was awarded the Stalin Prize (1947) for the “development and industrial implementation of a new method for obtaining chemical products” (titanium). He was awarded many Soviet awards and distinctions: three orders of the Red Banner of Labor, the order Badge of Honor, the order of the Red Star and several civilian medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31065078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065078" title="List of clubs in the Landesliga Bayern-Süd">
List of clubs in the Landesliga Bayern-Süd

This is a List of clubs in the Landesliga Bayern-Süd, including all clubs and their final placings from the first season in 1963–64 to 2010–11. The league, commonly referred to as the "Landesliga Süd", is the second-highest football league in the state of Bavaria () and the Bavarian football league system. It is one of three "Landesligas" in Bavarian football, the 6th tier of the German football league system. Until the introduction of the 3rd Liga in 2008 it was the 5th tier.
Overview.
Since the formation of the league in 1963, it has served as the tier below the Fußball-Bayernliga, together with the northern and the central division of the Landesliga. Originally a tier-four league, it was demoted to tier-five status in 1994, when the Regionalligas were introduced. In 2008, it was then demoted to tier-six status, when the 3rd Liga was established.
Originally, the Bezirksligas were the feeder leagues to the Landesliga Süd, of which there were, for the most part, five, three in Upper Bavaria and two in Bavarian Swabia. From 1988, Bezirksoberligas served as feeder leagues instead, having been established as a new tier between the Landesligas and the Bezirksligas. The two leagues below the Landesliga Süd have since been the Bezirksoberliga Oberbayern and the Bezirksoberliga Schwaben.
Clubs and their placings.
The complete list of clubs and placings in the league since the introduction of the league in 1963:
1963–1988.
The first 25 seasons from 1963 to 1988:
1988–2012.
The last 24 seasons from 1988 to 2012:

</doc>
<doc id="31065079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065079" title="Cerithiella axicostulata">
Cerithiella axicostulata

Cerithiella axicostulata is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Castellanos, Rolán and Bartolotta, in 1987.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 4.7 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 600 m. Maximum recorded depth is 600 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065084" title="Cerithiella cepene">
Cerithiella cepene

Cerithiella cepene is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. This species is known from European waters. It was described by de Lima and de Barros, in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31065088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065088" title="Cerithiella danielsseni">
Cerithiella danielsseni

Cerithiella danielsseni is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Friele, in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="31065095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065095" title="Cerithiella enodis">
Cerithiella enodis

Cerithiella enodis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. This species is known from European waters. It was described by Watson in 1880.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 4.8 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 1234 m. Maximum recorded depth is 1234 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065102" title="Cerithiella eulimella">
Cerithiella eulimella

Cerithiella eulimella is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Powell, in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="31065112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065112" title="Chief deputy">
Chief deputy

Chief deputy sheriff (or Deputy chief) is a rank title used in American law enforcement. The position of chief deputy is primarily found within the office of sheriff throughout the United States. In some smaller agencies, a chief deputy may serve as the senior ranking officer below the sheriff. In larger agencies, other officers may outrank the chief deputy, but officers with this title are usually senior members of a department command staff.

</doc>
<doc id="31065115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065115" title="Cerithiella insignis">
Cerithiella insignis

Cerithiella insignis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Jeffreys, in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="31065121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065121" title="Tony Harrison (lobbyist)">
Tony Harrison (lobbyist)

Tony Harrison is a communications consultant from Tasmania who has worked in journalism and public relations, marketing and government relations. He is a former political journalist and former press secretary to two Tasmanian Premiers. Tony Harrison was a former corporate affairs manager with the Australian Tourist Commission. He is a former Executive Chairman of Tasmanian public relations, marketing and government relations consultancy, Corporate Communications and was a majority shareholder of the business. Tony Harrison has been involved in providing high-level corporate advice and political lobbying services to clients in Tasmania and Australia, as well as overseeing community consultation programs for the corporate sector and for government. He is the former National President of the Public Relations Institute of Australia (PRIA) and past President of the PRIA in Tasmania. He has won awards for public relations and marketing including a PRIA National Golden Target Gold Award in 2000 and 2003 for government communication. The consultancy has won a National Golden Target Gold award. Tony Harrison was also awarded a special Tasmania Day Award for his service to the public relations profession. Outside the business, Tony Harrison is a Director of Cricket Australia (the former ACB) and Chairman of Cricket Tasmania, and a member of the Council of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD).
Career.
Harrison was on the PRIA Tasmanian Council for approximately 12 years and served as Vice President for two years followed by four years as Tasmanian President. He was involved in the organisation of two national conferences held in Tasmania and was chairman of a highly successful 1992 Hobart event. Tony Harrison was instrumental in establishing the Tasmanian Awards for Excellence in conjunction with two sister organisations, the Australian Marketing Institute and the Advertising Club of Tasmania and chaired the Awards committee for three terms. The Tasmanian awards became the benchmark for the establishment of similar State-based awards programs throughout Australia.
In 1996, he travelled to the United Kingdom to initiate talks with the Institute of Public Relations in London about reciprocal industry activities. In 1997 he visited Singapore and Malaysia as a representative of the PRIA to be a keynote speaker in consecutive industry professional development seminars. He was a keynote speaker at the 1993 PRIA national convention in Sydney, the 1996 Public Relations Institute of New Zealand (PRINZ) Convention in Rotorua, New Zealand and the 1997 joint PRIA/PRINZ convention in Auckland. He also chaired the 1997 Public Relations Industry Summit in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="31065125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065125" title="Cerithiella laevis">
Cerithiella laevis

Cerithiella laevis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. .

</doc>
<doc id="31065132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065132" title="Jack McBean">
Jack McBean

John Lucas "Jack" McBean (born 15 December 1994) is an American soccer player who plays as a forward for Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer. He was the club's youngest-ever signing. 
Life and career.
Club career.
McBean, a California native american, formally signed for LA Galaxy at the age of 16 in April 2011. As of July 2011, he is the youngest player to have signed for the club in its history. He previously played for the LA Galaxy under-16s and, prior to that, Slammers FC and Corona del Mar High School.
He was assigned the number 32 shirt for the 2011 Major League Soccer season.
He made his first appearance for the club in a friendly match against Manchester City on 24 July 2011, coming on as a 66th minute substitute for teammate Miguel Pedro López. The "Los Angeles Times" noted that he "quickly provided a threat" after appearing, while Fox Sports West stated that he "immediately made an impact" in the game. The match finished 1-1, but included a penalty shootout. Manchester City won the shootout 7-6, with McBean having his penalty saved by goalkeeper Joe Hart. On October 23, 2011 McBean played his first league game against Houston Dynamo getting the start, and subsequently scored.
International career.
McBean has represented his country of birth at the under-17 age level. He played for the United States under-17s in the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup, in which the US reached the round of 16, and in the 2011 CONCACAF U-17 Championship, in which the US were champions.
McBean has a Scottish father and is eligible to play for the senior national teams of the United States and Scotland. In June 2011, Scotland manager Craig Levein confirmed that he has instructed his chief scout, Michael Oliver, to continue a dialogue with the player and his parents to determine his interest in representing Scotland in future. As of summer 2011, he has yet to confirm long-term allegiance to either country.

</doc>
<doc id="31065135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065135" title="Cerithiella macroura">
Cerithiella macroura

Cerithiella macroura is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Melvill and Standen, in 1912.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 3.55 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 102 m. Maximum recorded depth is 102 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065139" title="Beth Behrs">
Beth Behrs

Beth Behrs (born December 26, 1985) is an American actress. She plays Caroline Channing in the CBS sitcom "2 Broke Girls".
Early life.
Behrs was born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, the elder daughter of David Behrs, a college president, and Maureen Behrs, a first grade teacher. She has a sister who is six years younger. Behrs moved to Lynchburg, Virginia, in 1989, where she was raised. She began performing in theater at the age of four, and played soccer while growing up. She was a student at E.C. Glass High School. 
At age 15, Behrs relocated with her family to Marin County, California. She began attending Tamalpais High School in 2001, and was accepted into the school's highly regarded drama program. Behrs studied at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco, and went on to perform in the musical "Dangling Conversations: The Music of Simon and Garfunkel", and the plays "Korczak’s Children", and "A Bright Room Called Day". She was classically trained as a singer.
Behrs moved to Los Angeles, California, in 2004 to study acting at the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. In 2005, she played Sandy Dumbrowski in a production of "Grease" at San Francisco's Ray of Light Theatre, and was named Miss Marin County in 2006. She began auditioning for roles in her senior year and graduated in 2008 with a degree in critical studies. Behrs was awarded a Young Musician's Foundation Vocal Scholarship after graduating.
Career.
Behrs landed her first film role in the teen comedy "", which she filmed in Vancouver for seven weeks beginning in March 2009. The seventh in the "American Pie" series, the film was released direct-to-video on December 22, 2009. Behrs starred in "Adventures of Serial Buddies", an independent comedy about an inept group of serial killers, produced by TV personality Maria Menounos. The film also starred Christopher Lloyd, Kathie Lee Gifford, and Artie Lange. In late 2010, Behrs shot the independent feature "Route 30, Too!" in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, playing an alien girl.
Behrs began working in television with guest appearances on "" and ABC's "Castle". In 2011, she was working as a nanny and at the Geffen Playhouse in Westwood when she auditioned for the CBS sitcom "2 Broke Girls". She landed the lead role after seven auditions. Behrs stars as Caroline Channing, an heiress from Manhattan's Upper East Side, who is forced to become a waitress at a diner in Williamsburg, Brooklyn after her father is arrested for financial wrongdoing. Her character is a graduate of the Wharton School who teams up with a cynical waitress named Max (Kat Dennings) in a business venture. The series is produced by comedian Whitney Cummings and "Sex and the City"-producer Michael Patrick King. CBS renewed the series for a fourth season on March 13, 2014.
In 2013, Behrs appeared on "It's a Brad, Brad World", a Bravo reality television series featuring fashion stylist Brad Goreski. She starred in the music video for country music group Lady Antebellum's song "Downtown", playing singer Hillary Scott's friend. Behrs was also a presenter at the 2013 Academy of Country Music Awards. She voiced sorority girl Carrie Williams in the Pixar animated film "Monsters University". The film was a prequel to 2001's "Monsters, Inc." and opened on June 21, 2013.
Personal life.
, Behrs is in a relationship with actor Michael Gladis. They appeared in a short film together, "The Argument", written and directed by the comedy duo HoltandSteele for the website Funny or Die.

</doc>
<doc id="31065144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065144" title="The Hat Squad">
The Hat Squad

The Hat Squad is a crime drama television series that ran for only one season on CBS, during the 1992–1993 season. 13 episodes were made, but only 11 of them aired.
Synopsis.
Police officer Mike Ragland and his wife Kitty have adopted three boys whose parents' lives were taken by violence; having been told stories about the police "hat squads" of the past, the three boys grew up to become an elite police unit called The Hat Squad, dressed in street clothes and fedoras. They consist of Buddy, who was just a baby when his father died; Rafael, who doesn't carry a firearm and uses a wide variety of methods to subdue criminals; and Matty, who is studying to become a lawyer.

</doc>
<doc id="31065149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065149" title="Cerithiella martensii">
Cerithiella martensii

Cerithiella martensii is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. This species is known from the Gulf of Mexico. It was described by Dall, in 1889.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 11.3 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 419 m. Maximum recorded depth is 2160 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065156" title="Cerithiella metula">
Cerithiella metula

Cerithiella metula is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. This species is known from European waters, the Gulf of Maine, the northwestern Atlantic Ocean, and the United Kingdom Exclusive Economic Zone. It was described by Lovén, in 1846. It is a predator, omnivore, and scavenger.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 11 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 201 m. Maximum recorded depth is 2915 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065157" title="Bob McRoberts (American football)">
Bob McRoberts (American football)

Bob McRoberts is a former halfback in the National Football League. He was a member of the Boston Yanks during the 1944 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="31065175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065175" title="Cerithiella pernambucoensis">
Cerithiella pernambucoensis

Cerithiella pernambucoensis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by de Lima and de Barros, in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31065179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065179" title="Cerithiella producta">
Cerithiella producta

Cerithiella producta is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Dall, in 1927.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 8.5 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 538 m. Maximum recorded depth is 538 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065180" title="William Pitt Byrne">
William Pitt Byrne

William Pitt Byrne (c. 1806 – April 6 or 8 1861) was a British newspaper editor and proprietor of "The Morning Post".
He graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge with a BA and M.A.. He was admitted to the Inner Temple in 1835 and called to the bar in 1839 but never practised law.
His father Nicholas Byrne was his predecessor as editor and proprietor of the "Morning Post", about whom there is little biographical information in the historical record. Nicholas Byrne took a strongly pro-Tory editorial stance, and his son was named after William Pitt the Younger. He was mysteriously attacked by a masked intruder around 1833 and never fully recovered, dying of his injuries about two years later.
His mother was the Gothic novelist Charlotte Dacre, who had three children with Nicholas: William Pitt Byrne (born 1806), Charles (born 1807) and Mary (born 1809); however the children were not baptised until 1811 and Nicholas and Charlotte did not marry until July 1, 1815. William Pitt Byrne was baptised on 8 Jun 1811 at St. Paul's, Covent Garden.
He married the writer Julia Clara Busk on 28 April 1842. Her books were sometimes attributed to "Mrs. William Pitt Byrne", and for this reason some sources (particularly online book sellers) mistakenly attribute authorship of her books to her husband.
He broadened the focus of the "Morning Post" from being a mostly political journal by including more general topics. He ended his connection with the paper prior to his death to follow literary pursuits, contributing to leading journals.
Memorial fountain and tomb.
After his death, his wife and friends built a memorial fountain in his name in 1862 or 1863, at the south end of Bryanston Square in London; the fountain is still in existence and is a Grade II listed monument. The fountain has an associated plaque.
He was buried in St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cemetery at Kensal Green in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31065181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065181" title="Miniussi">
Miniussi

Miniussi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31065189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065189" title="Cerithiella seymouriana">
Cerithiella seymouriana

Cerithiella seymouriana is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Strebel, in 1908.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 8.2 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 94 m. Maximum recorded depth is 213 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31065197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065197" title="Oedemera flavipes">
Oedemera flavipes

Oedemera flavipes is a very common species of beetle belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Oedemerinae.
These beetles are present in most of Europe and in the Near East.
Their body is gray-green, dark green or coppery, while forelegs are yellow (hence the Latin word "flavipes") or reddish. The male of "Oedemera flavipes", as in most "Oedemera" species, possesses the hind femora very swollen, whereas in female the femora are thin.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from May through July feeding on pollen and nectar, mainly on Asteraceae, Rosaceae, Convolvulaceae and Apiaceae species. They are a common prey of the checkered beetle, "Trichodes alvearius".
The larvae develop in stems of herbaceous plants or in decaying branches.

</doc>
<doc id="31065199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065199" title="Cerithiella superba">
Cerithiella superba

Cerithiella superba is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. This species is known from European waters. It was described by Thiele, 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="31065202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065202" title="Opera Awards (Australia)">
Opera Awards (Australia)

The Opera Awards is an annual singing competition, for professional Australian opera singers. It was established in 1986 with the purpose of assisting and developing professional Australian opera singers. This is achieved through programs of study with selected international educational institutions, engagements with professional opera companies, as well as through introduction, networking and educational opportunities with prominent members of the international operatic community. 
The Opera Awards consists of a group of awards, including the YMF Australia Award and the Armstrong-Martin Scholarship, amongst others. Major sponsors and supporters of the Awards have included YMF Australia, the Armstrong-Martin Estate, Haas Foundation, The Glyndebourne Festival Opera (UK), the Royal Over-Seas League (UK) and the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust.
History.
In 1986/87, Music & Opera Singers Trust Limited (MOST) created the 'Opera Awards' as a competition within the Australian SInging Competition, and then as a separate, stand-alone competition in 2001.
The competition provides cash prizes, scholarships and career opportunities to professional Australian opera singers, enabling the study of grand opera and related music overseas.
Since 2007, the primary award within the Opera Awards is the YMF Australia Award, sponsored by YMF Australia. The recipient of the 'Opera Awards' actually receives a group of awards, scholarships and opportunities which include the YMF Australia Award, the Armstrong-Martin Scholarship, the Haas Foundation Award and the Editorial Resources Prize. 
'Runners up' receive prizes and opportunities which include (in 2011) The Royal Over-Seas League (UK) Music Bursary, the Britten-Pears Young Artists Programme, the Glyndebourne Festival Prize, and the 4MBS Classic FM Award.
The recipient of the Opera Awards (Australia) is acknowledged and invited to perform at the Finals Concert of the Australian Singing Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31065216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065216" title="Jason Brown (figure skater)">
Jason Brown (figure skater)

Jason Brown (born December 15, 1994) is an American figure skater. He is the 2013 Trophée Eric Bompard bronze medalist, 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy silver medalist, and 2014 U.S. national silver medalist. Brown is also a two-time World Junior medalist (2013 silver, 2012 bronze), the 2011 JGP Final champion, and the 2010 U.S. national junior champion. He won a bronze medal in the team event at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Career.
Early years and junior career.
Brown began skating at age three and a half when his mother enrolled him and his sister in Learn to Skate classes. Coached by Kori Ade since the age of five, he trained in various rinks in the Chicago area until April 2013. Since 2009, his programs have been choreographed mainly by Rohene Ward. Brown also skated pairs with Thea Milburn for three years.
At 11, Brown won the national juvenile title. He won the bronze medal on the novice level at the 2009 U.S. Championships. Competing on the junior level at the 2010 U.S. Championships, he placed second in the short program, 0.07 behind Max Aaron, and second to Joshua Farris in the long program. Brown's overall score was the highest and he won the national junior title.
During the 2010–11 season, Brown won the silver medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan. He finished 9th in his senior national debut at the 2011 U.S. Championships with an impressive performance despite not attempting a triple axel, which he had decided to put off due to a growth spurt. He was assigned to compete at the World Junior Championships where he finished 7th. Brown worked on the triple axel for the following season, while adapting to another growth spurt. He stopped wearing hinge boots.
Brown began the 2011–12 season by winning his first Junior Grand Prix event in Brisbane, Australia. He then won silver in Milan, Italy, to qualify for the final. In a December 2011 interview, Brown said he needed the triple axel to be competitive on the senior level and continued to work on it. He occasionally uses Dartfish, a computer imaging system, and a harness. At the Junior Grand Prix Final, Brown was second in both segments and won the gold medal overall. Brown was assigned to the 2012 World Junior Championships and won the bronze medal.
In 2012–13, Brown won gold and silver medals on the JGP series and qualified for his second JGP Final, where he finished fourth. He was sent to the 2013 World Junior Championships where he placed third in the short program and first in the free skate after landing two triple Axels for the first time in his career. Brown won the silver medal while fellow Americans Joshua Farris and Shotaro Omori took the gold and bronze medals respectively.
Senior career.
In May 2013, Brown and his coach, Kori Ade, moved to the Colorado Sports Center in Monument, Colorado. His secondary coaches include Eddie Shipstad and Ryan Jahnke.
Brown won the silver medal in his senior international debut at the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy in Oberstdorf, Germany. On September 30, 2013, he was called up to replace reigning Olympic champion Evan Lysacek at Skate America after the latter withdrew due to injury. Brown finished 5th at the event, his first senior Grand Prix event. In November 2013, he competed at a GP event in Paris, the 2013 Trophée Eric Bompard, and won the bronze medal. He also attracted much attention from the skating public and the French in particular, becoming a crowd favorite.
At the U.S. Championships in January 2014, Brown placed third in the short program and first in the free skate, the latter of which became a viral video garnering more than 4,000,000 hits. He won the silver medal and was named in the U.S. team to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. In Sochi, while Jeremy Abbott skated the short program in the team event, Brown was assigned to the free program and placed fourth. He and team USA were awarded the bronze medal.
Personal life.
Brown's mother, Marla (Kell), is a television producer, and his father, Steven Brown, works for a lighting company. He has an older sister, Jordan, and a younger brother, Dylan. He is Jewish and celebrated his bar mitzvah in 2007. He plays piano. He graduated from Highland Park High School and received the Ralph Potter Memorial Award for Exceptional Ability and Achievement and the President's Education Award for Outstanding Academic Excellence. He is currently a student at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="31065227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065227" title="Kasma Science Fiction">
Kasma Science Fiction

Kasma Science Fiction Magazine (ISSN 1920-5686) is a free online science fiction magazine based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, founded in 2009 by Alex Korovessis. Some notable contributors include Robert J. Sawyer, Ken Liu, Tom Doyle and Douglas Smith. 
References.
1.http://www.duotrope.com/market_3836.aspx <br>
External links.
1.http://www.kasmamagazine.com/

</doc>
<doc id="31065242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065242" title="Jisoe">
Jisoe

Jisoe is a Melbourne-based graffiti writer. He was the subject of the 2005 film "Jisoe", directed by Eddie Martin, which gained a cult following among graffiti writers. Critic and filmmaker Megan Spencer hailed the documentary as one of her favorites.

</doc>
<doc id="31065246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065246" title="Penpahad">
Penpahad

Penpahad is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Villages.
The villages in Penpahad mandal includes PENPAHAD,Anajipuram, Anantharam, Bhakthala Puram, noorjahan peta(devireddy's),Cheedella, Dharmapuram, Dupahad, Dosa Pahad, Gajula Mallkapoor,
Lingala, Macharam,Anireddy gudem, Mohammad Puram, Mukunda Poor, N. Annaram, Narayana Gudem, Potla Pahad, Singireddy Palem, anireddygudem etc.
From Penpahad to cheedella 15km.It has a Gopanna, Thirupathamma good Temple there. Can visit jathara will happend in every year Feb 15th.

</doc>
<doc id="31065269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065269" title="Natalia Valenzuela">
Natalia Valenzuela

Natalia Valenzuela Cutiva (born April 16, 1989 in Neiva) is a Colombian beauty pageant titleholder. Cutiva won the Miss Huila 2010 contest which allowed her to participate in the Miss Colombia 2010 pageant, where she won the title of 1st princess (2nd runner-up) and Miss Colombia International.
Early life.
Cutiva was born in Neiva on April 16, 1989. Cutiva's measurements are 86–61–91 (centimeters); she is 1.77 meters tall and has brown eyes, brown hair and white skin. She has studied performance arts and is part of the Casting models agency. Natalia now works for a Colombian private television network RCN TV as a television program presenter, for the show, "Style RCN" in Spanish "Estilo RCN".
Miss Colombia 2010.
Cutiva represented the department of Huila in Miss Colombia 2010, held in Cartagena de Indias, on November 15, 2010. She was crowned as 1st princess after obtaining some of the highest scores: 9.7 in the evening gown competition and 9.6 in the swimsuit competition. In addition, Cutiva also won several special awards prior to the final competition for Miss Colombia: Miss National Police, Miss Bodytech Figure (Best Body) and Miss Natural Beauty.
Traditionally 1st runners-up represent Colombia at Miss International, but the maximum age to compete is 24, at the time of the event. Lizeth Gonzalez was therefore delegated to represent Colombia in the 18 version of Top Model of the World and Valenzuela took her place in Miss International 2011.
Miss International 2011.
On November 6, 2011, Valenzuela competed at the Miss International 2011 pageant, held in Chengdu (China), when she represented her country Colombia, but did not place.

</doc>
<doc id="31065284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065284" title="Drenje, Dolenjske Toplice">
Drenje, Dolenjske Toplice

Drenje (; ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
A late Bronze Age unfortified hill settlement has been identified on Plešivica Hill just north of the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="31065290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065290" title="Chollas View, San Diego">
Chollas View, San Diego

Chollas View is a community in the southeastern section of the city of San Diego. It is bordered by Webster and California State Route 94 on the north, Mount Hope and Interstate 805 on the west, Emerald Hills and Euclid Avenue on the east, and Lincoln Park and the San Diego Trolley on the south. Major thoroughfares include Market Street and 47th Street.
History.
Chollas View is named after the large numbers of Cholla cactus that once
covered the land. Holy Cross Cemetery opened in the area in 1919. During World War II, a defense housing project was built in the neighborhood. The neighborhood began to develop around the housing project in the 1950s. 
Landmarks and facilities.
The Holy Cross Cemetery is found in Chollas View.
Education.
Chollas View is served by the San Diego Unified School District. Public schools in Chollas View include Gompers Preparatory Academy, Millennial Tech Middle School and Horton Elementary School.
Demographics.
The census tract that includes Chollas View has 4,634 residents. Chollas View neighborhood is 62.2% Hispanic, 26.9% White (2.8% non-Hispanic white), 17.8% African-American, 15.9% Asian, 4.2% multiracial, 0.9% Pacific Islander, and 0.7% Native American. Chollas View has a large Laotian American population, with 539 residents being of Laotian descent (12% of its residents).

</doc>
<doc id="31065291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065291" title="The Crimson Armada">
The Crimson Armada

The Crimson Armada was an American metalcore band from Columbus, Ohio. The band initially formed in Westerville, Ohio in 2007, but after several live shows and demos the band went on hiatus. After pressure from the local music scene, the group reformed a year later. According to Allmusic, the band has found itself "on a meteoric rise through the extreme metal world." The band's lyrics contain spiritual themes and the band has members who are Christian. However, the band's songwriter and lead vocalist Saud Ahmed has stated that the band is not Christian, as the band has never written a song about Jesus.
History.
Formation and "Guardians" (2007–2010).
The band originally formed in Westerville, Ohio in 2007 but after releasing several demos and playing some live shows with bands like The Black Dahlia Murder and It Prevails, the band went on hiatus in early 2008. At the urging of the local music scene however, The Crimson Armada reformed in 2008 in Columbus, Ohio. In the summer of 2008, the group inked a deal with Metal Blade Records, and in July, 2009, the band released its debut album, "Guardians". Following the album's release, the band went on several tours with acts such as The Chariot, and Mychildren Mybride. In the Summer of 2010 the group headed out on the Scream the Prayer Tour. They closed out the album's touring cycle in the fall of 2010 the "Monument Tour".
"Conviction" and break-up (2011–2012).
In January 2011, The Crimson Armada signed a new record deal with Artery Recordings, and has announced a new album entitled "Conviction" that is scheduled for release June 21, 2011.
Their style changed a lot from their debut album. The guitars are darker, there's a more recognizable structure in most songs and their new guitarist Brandon McMaster implemented clean vocals, mostly used in or around the choruses of the songs, a well known element from the metalcore genre.
The album contains a song featuring Andy Adkins of A Plea for Purging (vocals) called "Composed Of Stone", and a song featuring Levi Benton of Miss May I (vocals) called "Napalm".
According to "Alternative Press", The Crimson Armada is scheduled to play on April 14 at the 13th Annual New England Metal and Hardcore Festival, a three day festival. They are also set for a summer tour with MyChildren MyBride, Impending Doom, This or the Apocalypse. In February 2012, Brandon McMaster left the band, stating that The Crimson Armada was "too much metal for one band." He was replaced by current lead guitarist Cye Marshall.
On October 29, 2012 the band announced that lead vocalist Saud's side project, The Holy Guile, had become a full-time band with new members, and that The Crimson Armada would not be putting out another album.

</doc>
<doc id="31065306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065306" title="Heaven with a Barbed Wire Fence">
Heaven with a Barbed Wire Fence

Heaven with a Barbed Wire Fence is a 1939 drama film starring Glenn Ford and directed by Ricardo Cortez
Plot.
Joe Riley (Glenn Ford) has worked six long years in New York City to save enough money to buy a piece of land in Arizona. Unable to buy a car (because he spent all his money on the property), he has to travel to his new home by hitchhiking. Riley ends up traveling to Arizona along with a homeless man and a local female immigrant.

</doc>
<doc id="31065318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065318" title="Gabrje pri Soteski">
Gabrje pri Soteski

Gabrje pri Soteski () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. It lies on the left bank of the Krka River on the road between Straža and Soteska. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gabrje" to "Gabrje pri Soteski" in 1953. 

</doc>
<doc id="31065320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065320" title="List of Millwall F.C. seasons">
List of Millwall F.C. seasons

This is a list of all seasons played by Millwall Football Club from their early beginnings in the Southern League, to their inaugural season in 1920–21 in the English Football League and up to their last completed season. It details their record in the FA Cup, the League Cup and other major competitions entered, as well as managers, top goalscorers and average home attendance for each season.
Millwall were founded in 1885 and for the first nine years of their existence did not compete in league football. They first entered the FA Cup in 1887, turning full time professional as a club in 1890. They were founding members of the Southern League in 1894, which they competed in for 22 seasons, claiming the title twice. They left to join the Football League in 1920. Millwall have played in all four divisions during their 86 seasons in the league, including the Third Division South, which they won twice, in 1928 and 1938. Millwall were Fourth Division champions in 1962.
The 1988–89 season stands as The Lions most successful, where they finished 10th in their first ever season in the First Division, after being promoted as champions of the Second Division in 1988. Their lowest league finish is 9th in the founding season of the Fourth Division in 1958–59. 
Millwall were Second Division champions in 2001, where they finished with their highest ever points total of 93. They reached the 2004 FA Cup Final, losing to Manchester United, but still qualified for the UEFA Cup the following season, playing in Europe for the first time in their history. They've also reached the FA Cup semi-finals on four separate occasions, in 1900, 1903, 1937 and 2013. Millwall have also reached the quarter-finals of the League Cup on three separate occasions, in 1974, 1977 and 1995. Millwall won the Football League Group Cup in 1983 and were runners up in the Football League Trophy in 1999. They've reached the Football League play-offs six times, winning promotion once in 2010.
Richard Parker holds the record for most goals scored in a season with 38 in 1926–27. The Lions highest average home attendance is 27,373 in 1938–39, just before the Second World War broke out.
As of the 2014–15 season, Millwall have spent 2 seasons in the top division of English football, 40 in the second, 41 in the third and 5 in the fourth. They have been promoted ten times (five as champions), relegated nine times and are statistically the 40th most successful Football League side in English football based on finishing position.

</doc>
<doc id="31065337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065337" title="Shumov">
Shumov

Shumov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31065371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065371" title="Mahindra Aerospace">
Mahindra Aerospace

Mahindra Aerospace is aerospace division of the Indian multinational conglomerate company Mahindra Group. It is the first Indian private firm to make smaller civil aircraft for the Indian general aviation market. It is an AS9100 Rev.B certified design organization. 
GippsAero.
Gippsland Aeronautics was founded by Peter Furlong and George Morgan. The company started operations at the Latrobe Regional Airport in Morwell in the 1970s as an aircraft maintenance and modification business working for large organisations such as the National Safety Council of Australia and Esso Australia, as well as local commercial operators.
During the late 1960s and early 1970s, Peter Furlong and John Brown were pilots, builders, fabricators and maintenance personnel for, amongst others, the Latrobe Valley Aircraft Club and the Ultra Light Club of Australia. The company builds single-engined utility aircraft. These include the multi-role GA8 Airvan and the agricultural GA200 Fatman. The company is owned by Indian conglomerate Mahindra Group. In December,2009 Mahindra Aerospace Pvt. Ltd. (MAPL), belonging to Mahindra Group of India acquired a 75.1% majority stake and the company was renamed GippsAero.
Aerostaff Australia.
Aerostaff Australia (AA) is a component manufacturer of high-precision, close-tolerance, aircraft components and assemblies for large aerospace original equipment manufacturers. AA’s acquisition will help M&M tap the burgeoning defence offset and commercial aviation market.
Manufacturing Plant.
Mahindra Group had announced to set up a plant for aerospace component manufacturing at Malur in Karnataka with an investment of about Rs 40 crore. Mahindra Aerospace had acquired about five acres for this purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="31065389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065389" title="Leslie Jamison">
Leslie Jamison

Leslie Jamison (born ca. 1985) is an American novelist and essayist. Her work has been published in "Best New American Voices 2008", "A Public Space", and "Black Warrior Review". Originally from Los Angeles, she attended Harvard University and the Iowa Writers' Workshop, and she is currently finishing a Ph.D. in English literature at Yale. Her father is the economist and global health researcher Dean Jamison.
Jamison's first novel, "The Gin Closet", was published by Free Press in 2010. It received positive reviews by the "San Francisco Chronicle", "Vogue", and "Publishers Weekly".
Jamison's second book, "The Empathy Exams", an essay collection published by Graywolf Press, debuted in April 2014 at no. 11 on the New York Times bestseller list. The book received wide acclaim from critics, with the New York Times writer Olivia Lang saying, "It’s hard to imagine a stronger, more thoughtful voice emerging this year."

</doc>
<doc id="31065423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065423" title="Henry George Boldero">
Henry George Boldero

Henry George Boldero (1794–1873) was a British Army officer and a Tory Member of Parliament for Chippenham.
The second son of the Rev. John Boldero (died 1796), rector of Ampton, Suffolk, by his marriage to Mary Ann Sibbs of Blakeney, Norfolk, Boldero was educated at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. He was commissioned into the Royal Engineers as a cornet in 1814, was promoted Lieutenant in 1815, and Captain in 1827.
Boldero was first elected as one of the two Members of Parliament for Chippenham in 1831. He lost the election of 1832 to William Fox Talbot, but was elected again in 1835, holding the seat until he stood down in 1859. From 1841 to 1845, he was Clerk to the Ordnance. On 15 July 1842 he fought a duel with Craven Berkeley. He retired from the army with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in 1851.
Boldero was the father of Lieutenant General George Neeld Boldero (died 1898).

</doc>
<doc id="31065440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065440" title="Chick Keating">
Chick Keating

Walter Francis "Chick" Keating (August 8, 1891 – July 13, 1959) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago Cubs and Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="31065456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065456" title="Gorenje Gradišče, Dolenjske Toplice">
Gorenje Gradišče, Dolenjske Toplice

Gorenje Gradišče () is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sušica River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola.

</doc>
<doc id="31065461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065461" title="Kleffman v. Vonage Holdings Corp.">
Kleffman v. Vonage Holdings Corp.

Kleffman v. Vonage Holdings Corp., 232 P.3d 625 (Cal. 2010), is a 2010 Supreme Court of California case certified by United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The decision ruled that sending unsolicited advertisement Emails (commonly known as “spam”) using multiple domain names was not unlawful under California Business and Professions Code section 17529.5, subdivision (a)(2), which made it unlawful to advertise in a commercial Email advertisement that contained or was accompanied by falsified, misrepresented, or forged header information.
Background.
In March 2007, plaintiff Craig E. Kleffman filed this class action in California state court against defendants Vonage Holdings Corp., Vonage America, Inc., and Vonage Marketing, Inc. (Vonage), asserting a claim under California Business and Professions Code section 17529.5, subdivision (a)(2) (section 17529(a)(2)), which makes it unlawful to advertise in a commercial Email if the advertisement contains or is accompanied by falsified, misrepresented, or forged header information. The plaintiff received 11 unsolicited Email advertisements. Although they were able to be tracked back to a Vonage’s marketing agent, each Email contained a different domain name, from which people cannot tell it was sent from Vonage. According to Kleffman, Vonage’s use of these multiple domain names reduced the likelihood that Emails were filtered out as spam. Kleffman asserted that Vonage’s use of multiple domain names to bypass spam filters, its failure to use a single domain name in sending its advertisements, and its failure to identify Vonage in the domain name from which the advertisements were sent constituted falsified and misrepresented header information prohibited by section 17529.5(a)(2).
Vonage removed the case to federal court and moved to dismiss the complaint. In May 2007, United States District Court for the Central District of California dismissed the action. The court ruled that the claim failed under the plain language of section 17529.5(a)(2).
Kleffman appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The Ninth Circuit asked the Supreme Court of California the following question: Does sending unsolicited commercial Email advertisements from multiple domain names for the purpose of bypassing spam filters constitute falsified, misrepresented, or forged header information under section 17529.5(a)(2)?
The Supreme Court of California granted the Ninth Circuit’s request.
Defendant’s argument.
Vonage argued that header information was not “misrepresented” within the meaning of section 17529.5(a)(2) unless it contained “a false representation of fact” because it was the established definition of the term “misrepresent” according to the tort of misrepresentation. Thus, according to Vonage, their Email advertisements, whose header information was fully accurate and traceable, did not violate section 17529.5(a)(2).
Plaintiff’s argument.
Kleffman argued ”misrepresented” header information must encompass something in addition to a false statement of fact because section 17529.5(a)(2) already prohibited “falsified” header information. Then, referring to other statutory provisions in the false advertising sections of the Business and Professions Code that prohibited false or misleading advertising, he asserted that the court should construe the term “misrepresent” to give a “misleading” representation or idea. He stated that this construction fitted in the dictionary meaning of the term “misrepresent” and complied with the legislative history. By constructing this way, according to Kleffman, sending of Email ads with random, varied, garbled and nonsensical nature of the multiple domain names could violate section 17529.5(a)(2) because it created the misleading impression that these ads were from different entities.
Court Opinion.
The court agreed with the defendant’s opinion and held that sending commercial Email advertisements from multiple domain names for the purpose of bypassing spam filters is not unlawful under section 17529.5(a)(2). More specifically, the court found that a single Email with an accurate and traceable domain name neither contains nor was accompanied by misrepresented header information within the meaning of section 17529.5(a)(2) merely because its domain name was random, varied, garbled, and nonsensical. According to the court, absent a misrepresentation of header information, using a given domain name could not violate section 17529.5(a)(2) even if the sender intended to bypass the spam filters. The reasoning was as follows:
Kleffman tried to construct the section 17529.5(a)(2) by defining the term misrepresent as giving a misleading representation or idea. Pertaining to this construction, the court pointed out that the Business and Professions Code used each of the terms of “misrepresent” and “mislead” in expressing a different meaning; thus defining the term “misrepresent” by the term “mislead” was contradictory even though some lay dictionaries did that.
Kleffman also asserted that the relevant legislative history supported his construction by relying on a legislative analysis of a subsequent bill that amended section 17529.5(a)(2) in 2004. This legislative analysis stated that the federal CAN-SPAM Act did not preempt the right of action under State law against those who send spam “with misleading or falsified headers.” The court, however, denied this position by stating that the analysis just ensured the private right of action under State law against spammers who use falsified headers and Kleffman overstated the significance of the imprecise and summary language in the isolated statement. Furthermore, the court found that the legislative history of the 2004 amendment rather reflected a careful and purposeful distinction between the terms “misrepresented” and “misleading.”
The court stated that the Legislature did not intend section 17529.5(a)(2) generally to prohibit the use of multiple domain names because it addressed the subject of multiple domain names by passing another section.
The court also pointed out that the Legislature did not intend section 17529(a)(2) to make it unlawful to use a domain name that did not identify the sender. According to the court, use of a domain name that did not identify the sender was not capable of misrepresenting the sender because it did not represent any sender from the beginning. Moreover, court emphasized that the constructing section 17529.5(a)(2) as requiring sender information would bring about significant preemption problems because federal CAN-SPAM Act preempted a State law requiring commercial Email to carry specific types of labels, or to follow a certain format or contain specified content.
Kleffman argued that if domain names of commercial Email ads were “random”, “varied”, “garbled” and “nonsensical,” sending of such Email ads violated section 17529.5(a)(2). The court pointed out that this construction was especially problematic given that a violation of section 17529.5(a)(2) was punishable by imprisonment for up to six months because what these words meant was uncertain.
Kleffman argued the legislative history of section 17529.5(a)(2) showed Legislature’s concern about limitation of spam filters. The court, however, found that references made by Kleffman to illustrate this did not have enough weight to be considered.
Criticism against opt-out regulation.
The U.S. CAN-SPAM Act has “opt-out” regulation that allows sending commercial Email without prior consent from the recipient. While on the other hand, lots of countries other than U.S. have introduced “opt-in” regulation that prohibits sending commercial Email without obtaining prior permission from the recipient.
Sending of Email ads using multiple domain names is lawful under the ruling of the Kleffman v. Vonage holdings Corp., even if aimed at avoiding spam filters. If opt-in regulation in sending commercial Email were introduced, however, this kind of Email-ads sending would become unlawful. For this reason, there is a criticism that the CAN-SPAM Act leaves its loop holes.

</doc>
<doc id="31065486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065486" title="Lane Cove Valley Expressway">
Lane Cove Valley Expressway

The Lane Cove Valley Expressway was a planned freeway route in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, intended to link the Sydney CBD to its north-western suburbs, and ultimately to the Pacific Motorway and Newcastle.

</doc>
<doc id="31065493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065493" title="Papaipema sulphurata">
Papaipema sulphurata

The Water-willow Stem Borer ("Papaipema cataphracta") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. Its larvae tunnel into the stems of the water-willow plant ("Decodon verticillatus") and it is found in the parts of the eastern United States where this plant grows.
Description.
The Water-willow Stem Borer is a robustly-built moth with a greyish hairy body. It has a wingspan varying from 32 to 38 millimetres. The forewings are buff or straw-coloured, darker at the base and in the peripheral region which is separated by a narrow dark band. There are a number of roughly circular spots which are a pale ochre colour, outlined in brown. The hind wings are a pinkish-tan colour. The adults can be seen flying in September and October.
Habitat.
This moth is found in wetland areas of the eastern United States where the water-willow ("Decodon verticillatus") grows. This can be found in swampland, ditches and in shallow water at the edges of ponds, lakes and streams. It often forms tangled clumps and occurs from Maine to Florida and west to Minnesota, Tennessee and Louisiana.
Life history.
The adult female lays eggs on the stems of water-willow in September and October. These hatch in the spring and the larvae tunnel into the stem. Here they grow, moulting several times, feeding on the vascular tissue of the plant and creating galleries. They pupate in August, undergo metamorphosis and emerge as adults a month later.

</doc>
<doc id="31065498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065498" title="Cynorhinella">
Cynorhinella

Cynorhinella is a genus of hoverflies from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.

</doc>
<doc id="31065513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065513" title="Blondie Plays Cupid">
Blondie Plays Cupid

Blondie Plays Cupid (1940) is a Comedy movie, starring Penny Singleton - Glenn Ford and directed by Frank R. Strayer.
Plot Summary.
Dagwood Bumstead has been caught possessing illegal fireworks and now he tries to make up for this by taking his wife Blondie to Aunt Hannah's ranch for 4 July celebrations. The ranch is a peaceful place in the country, but trouble starts already on the way over there, when the Bumsteads board the wrong train and have to hitchhike most of the way. The young couple that picks them up, Millie and Charlie, are on their way to get married and elope together, without their parents' consents. The Bumsteads have to accompany the young couple to court and the wedding ceremony, but the wedding is interrupted by Millie's father, Mr Tucker, storming in with a shotgun. Mr Tucker then takes the car, with Dagwood, his son and their dog still in it, and drives off. Charlie is forced to take Blondie to Aunt Hannah's ranch, and in she encourages him to have another go at marrying Millie and elop. unfortunately he twists his ankle on the way, and a very reluctant Dagwood has to take his place and go and fetch Millie from her (and her father's) home. Dagwood accidentally climbs through the window to Millie's father's bedroom, and is held at gunpoint. He flees head over heels and is chased around the property. His son discovers what he thinks is some kind of fireworks and lights it, but it is in fact a dynamite stick. When the dynamite explodes it rips up a hole in the ground, and in doing so, opens up an oil well. Millie's father is so happy over the new source of income that he consents to Charlie marrying his daughter after all, and the Bumsteads finish their weekend holiday at the hospital, in peace and quiet.

</doc>
<doc id="31065519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065519" title="Gorenje Polje, Dolenjske Toplice">
Gorenje Polje, Dolenjske Toplice

Gorenje Polje (; ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31065570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065570" title="Sjötulls BK">
Sjötulls BK

Sjötulls BK is a Swedish football club located in Gävle in Gävleborg County.
Background.
Sjötulls Bollklubb were founded in 2002 and played their first season in the Swedish football league in 2003 in Division 6 Gästrikland where they finished in a creditable 7th place. Since their inaugural season the club have made good progress and have been promoted three times, the most recent success being winning Division 4 Gästrikland in 2010.
Since their foundation Sjötulls BK has participated mainly in the lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Norrland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Träffen in Gävle.
Sjötulls BK are affiliated to Gestriklands Fotbollförbund.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Sjötulls BK have competed in the following divisions:
2011 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2010 - Division IV, Gästrikland
2009 - Division IV, Gästrikland
2008 - Division IV, Gästrikland
2007 - Division V, Gästrikland
2006 - Division VI, Gästrikland
2005 - Division VI, Gästrikland
2004 - Division VI, Gästrikland
2003 - Division VI, Gästrikland
Attendances.
In recent seasons Sjötulls BK have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="31065592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065592" title="Matthew Temple">
Matthew Temple

Matthew Temple is an American actor and filmmaker who has made numerous films from both sides of the camera, including , Chillerama with Kane Hodder and Joel David Moore and "L.A. Paranormal", in which he stars, co-wrote and produced. At the age of 25 he produced his first film, going on to win a Silver Remi award from World Fest Houston, a best of the fest nod at Lake Placid Film Festival and a nomination for Best Independent Film at the Ohio Independent Film Festival.
career.
Actor.
Shortly after his return to Los Angeles, Temple was cast in his first feature film Animals with Naveen Andrews, Marc Blucas and Nicki Aycox. But it wasn’t until two years later that Temple’s career as an actor began to take off. He started off 2010 being cast in Jonah Hex with Josh Brolin and went on to star in Chillerama with Joel David Moore and Kane Hodder, "L.A. Paranormal", 8213: Gacy House, an #Assylum Picture, Crescendo whose second short “Historia de un Letrero” won the highly coveted Best Short Film Award in the Short Film Corner at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.
Filmmaker.
In 2001, Temple wrote his first feature film, Senses of Place, which one-year later was in production. It was a co-production with Marlboro College, as Temple was a student at the time. Shot on super 16mm film, the film went on to play at over a dozen film festivals nationwide and won a couple of awards.
In 2007, Temple began working with producers Bill Borden and Barry Rosenbush, producers of High School Musical. He worked on music design and development for two feature films with them, The American Mall, an MTV co-production, First Love: It’s the Music, a Columbia Pictures local language production in Russia and most recently developed music for an upcoming TV movie. Additionally, Temple co-wrote and produced the feature comedy L.A. Paranormal and The Luckiest Man Alive, a short film which he also wrote and directed.
Personal life.
Temple was born in Los Angeles, CA, where he lived until the age of nine, when his father was offered a job in Denver, CO. That move was the beginning of something of a nomadic life for Temple, who four years later moved on to San Cristobal, Chiapas, Mexico, then Cullowhee, NC, Santa Rosa, CA, and Goettingen, Germany all before graduating Summerfield Waldorf School in 1995.
After high school, Temple planned on taking a year off of school to travel. He spent the following spring and summer hitch hiking all over Europe, including parts of eastern and southern Europe before postponing college indefinitely while, at the age of 19, prepared for the arrival of his first daughter.
In 1998, with his wife, one year-old daughter and his a cappella trio, Voicewell, Temple moved back to Germany and spent several months touring before settling down for the remainder of the year near Bremen to work on music.
Temple received his Bachelors of Arts degree from Marlboro College where he worked with professor and filmmaker Jay Craven, a relationship that moved him toward filmmaking and in 2006, Temple returned to Los Angeles.
Additionally, Temple is the founder of the non-profit organization NetworkM, now called WeStrive.org

</doc>
<doc id="31065594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065594" title="Chilkur, Nalgonda district">
Chilkur, Nalgonda district

Chilkur () is a village and Mandal headquarters in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, in South India. It is situated approximately 185 km from Hyderabad and 100 km from Vijayawada. According to Census of India, 2011, Chilkur mandal has a population of 39,226 inhabitants with literacy rate of 64.68%.
Villages.
Villages in Chilkur mandal include: Acharlagudem, Arlagudem, Bethavole, Chennarigudem, Chilkur, Janakinagar,Dudiya Thanda, Jerripotula Gudem, Kondapuram, Narayanapuram, Polenigudem, Ramapuram(Kattakommugudem), Sethala Thanda, and Setharamapuram.

</doc>
<doc id="31065597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065597" title="Fort Simple">
Fort Simple

Fort Simple was built in Topeka, Kansas, as a result of Maj. Gen. Sterling Price's Missouri Raid in the late summer and fall of 1864 (see Price's Raid). Topeka had become the permanent capital of the State of Kansas in 1861, but no fortifications had been built to protect the city from guerrilla bands, which roamed eastern Kansas. Even the raid and massacre in August 1863 in Lawrence, Kansas (see Lawrence Massacre), did not result in a fort being built to protect the capital, although plans had been made to build one by July 1864.
On October 8, 1864, Gov. Thomas Carney called the state militia to defend Kansas against Price's Confederates. The 2nd Regiment, based in Shawnee County (where Topeka was located), was sent to western Missouri to meet Price's force. A group of 292 men were also organized into a home regiment to guard Topeka. The men possessed one cannon, probably a mountain howitzer (see Mountain gun).
The home regiment, led by Maj. Andrew Stark, built a stockade in the middle of the intersection of 6th and Kansas Avenues and two sets of trenches on the east side of town. The stockade, which until after the Civil War had no name, was in the Topeka business district. Someone after the War called the structure Fort Simple and the name stuck. Both 6th and Kansas Avenues were wide streets and Kansas Avenue was at the top of a ridge that ran from 5th to 11th Streets. Therefore the view from the fort commanded the surrounding countryside. The temporary State Capitol was on Kansas Avenue just north of 5th Street.
Simple was a circular stockade. The walls consisted of cottonwood logs sixteen feet long and split in half. The bark side faced the fort's outside. The logs were driven into the ground until only the top ten feet of them stood above ground. Fort Simple was forty to fifty feet in diameter. A flagpole in the center of the fort was erected.
The mountain howitzer was kept inside the fort and a port was cut in the east, west, south and north sides to allow it to be moved and fired. Notches for rifles were located completely around the fort. George A. Root claimed two notches were cut between each erect log, so one man could fire standing while another could fire kneeling. A wooden gate on the fort's west side was the only entrance to Fort Simple. No part of this fort had a roof, so it was completely open to the weather.
The home battalion guarded Topeka while the rest of the 2nd Regiment was east engaging Price's men. On October 23, in the evening, news reached Topeka that the Union forces had been crushed in the Battle of Westport, waged in what is now part of Kansas City. The entire city was in a state of panic and 350 armed men manned the trenches and Fort Simple through the night, expected an attack. In the morning a lone horseman raced into Topeka with the news that Price, not the Union forces, had been defeated.
The fort was used to defend Topeka until almost the end of the Civil War. In April and July 1865 the Topeka city council took actions to make the fort appear more attractive, since it was no longer used. In April 1867 it was decided Fort Simple had become an unsightly relic and it was torn down. In 1929 a bronze tablet was laid on the southwest corner of the intersection to honor Fort Simple's memory. In 1995 this tablet was removed during construction and not replaced.

</doc>
<doc id="31065606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065606" title="Outsourcery">
Outsourcery

Outsourcery Plc, is a UK-based independent Cloud Services Provider (CSP) listed on the UK’s Alternative Investment Market (AIM:OUT). The business was founded in 2007 by co-CEOs, Piers Linney and Simon Newton and has offices in Cheltenham, Leicester, London and Manchester. The company has a range of offerings for both SMEs and large enterprises including hosted software applications (software-as-a-service or SaaS), virtualised infrastructure (infrastructure-as-a-service or IaaS), unified communications (UC) solutions and other cloud-based services, offered primarily via a network of partners. These services are deployed on its proprietary O-Cloud platform, which is housed in a third-party, enterprise grade datacentre.
Outsourcery positions itself as a cloud provider in the systemic market shift from an ‘on-premises’ or ‘managed service’ deployment model, to a cloud-based model.
Outsourcery’s Co-CEO, Piers Linney, has become better known since taking on the role of a ‘Dragon’ for Series 11 of the BBC Two television programme, "Dragons’ Den".
History.
Outsourcery’s origins date from 1997 when the business initially provided mobile solutions to UK organisations. Piers Linney and Simon Newton acquired the business and assets of Genesis Communications – an established business-to-business mobile voice and data reseller. In the same year, Genesis acquired an early stage Microsoft application hosting company, Servelogic Limited, enabling it to enter the hosted services market. Between 2007 and 2010, the company saw revenue for cloud-based services grow from zero to over £4 million and the legacy business was subsequently sold through two transactions during 2011 for a total of £15 million.
Outsourcery’s partner network includes a number of enterprise businesses including Vodafone (including the former Cable & Wireless), Virgin Media Business, BT, Atos and HP. It provides cloud services to the end-customers of its partners and continues to develop partnerships with a number of smaller IT and communication companies. Outsourcery’s board is led by Ken Olisa OBE (Non-Executive Chairman), and the company is also a founder member of the UK Cloud Industry Forum.
On 24 May 2013, Outsourcery was admitted to London's Alternative Investment Market (AIM). The sale of the legacy mobile distribution business was completed on 3 September 2013.
On 6 November 2013, Outsourcery announced that it had partnered with Dell to design and deploy a secure cloud-based system using Dell's IL3 platform. The announcement follows Outsourcery's agreement with Microsoft to lead its UK initiative to accelerate the offering of IL3-compliant cloud services for the UK public sector, in particular central government. Outsourcery is also an HP Cloud Agile Select partner.
Products.
Outsourcery launched its first generation cloud platform in 2008 and second generation platform during 2011 and 2012. The O-Cloud is a single, scalable platform which enables the delivery of converged IT and communications. Today, Outsourcery offers a range of cloud-based solutions for businesses, including:
Awards and Accreditations.
Outsourcery is ISO 27001 (Information Security), ISO 9001 (Quality Management) and ISO 14001 (Environmental Management) accredited. Outsourcery has worked with CLAS consultants to ensure it can meet IL2 standards, as required by Government and Public Sector organisations. Outsourcery also follows an ITIL framework.
Outsourcery is a Microsoft Certified Gold Partner with a total of eight competencies:
Corporate Social Responsibility.
Outsourcery aims to conduct business in an ethical way, balancing economic, social and environmental considerations through a variety of initiatives.
Popular Culture.
Piers Linney (born February 1971) is a British businessman and current Co-CEO of Outsourcery. He is best known for being a 'dragon' on the BBC Two business series "Dragons’ Den". Linney joined the panel in 2013, along with new dragon Kelly Hoppen.
Linney also appeared on the Channel 4 series, Secret Millionaire in 2011, where he spent ten days working in Wolverhampton, volunteering at Brinsford Young Offenders' Institution.
Linney has been recognised as one of the top 100 most influential black Britons in the 2013 PowerList.

</doc>
<doc id="31065608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065608" title="Eastwood County Road">
Eastwood County Road

The Eastwood County Road was a planned freeway route in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, intended to link the Kissing Point Road at Dundas to Epping Road at North Ryde, via Eastwood.

</doc>
<doc id="31065652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065652" title="Suicide Battalion">
Suicide Battalion

Suicide Battalion is a 1958 World War II film starring Mike Connors and John Ashley who made the film while on leave from the US Army. It was remade for television by Larry Buchanan as "Hell Raiders", which was the original working title of the film.
American International Pictures originally released it as a double feature with "Jet Attack".
Synopsis.
This story takes place during World War II in the Philippines. A group of American soldiers are recruited for a dangerous mission to destroy an enemy base and keep strategic documents out of the reach of the invading Japanese army. 
Production.
John Ashley was doing a six-month stint in the army at the time. The producers got him an early release to make the movie, which started filming on 12 November 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="31065653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065653" title="Kannadi Higher Secondary School">
Kannadi Higher Secondary School

Overview.
Kannadi Higher Secondary School is situated in the Kannadi panchayath in the Palakkad district. It is about 5 kilometers away from the Palakkad town, on the side of NH-47. The school offers courses for Higher Secondary studies, for 11th and 12th grade, students who passed their 10th grade.
Courses offered.
The school offers three streams - Science, Commerce and Humanities, in which Science stream has an option to choose between Biology and Computer Science.
Admission.
The admission to school is carried out through merit and management quota for all streams. The admission through merit quota is carried out through Centralised Admission Process(CAP) of Kerala Government, namely "Ekajaalakam". As per norms of the Educational Department of Kerala, the school offers reservation for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes category students in merit quota executed through Ekajaalakam. There are also other reservation claims available under the norms of educational department of Kerala. The school management can also allot admission to certain number of students in each stream, under management quota, apart from merit quota.

</doc>
<doc id="31065675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065675" title="The Smokering (band)">
The Smokering (band)

The Smokering is the Los Angeles, Ca.-based music production duo Ed Vichnick and Jason D. Kuhar. Their music blends elements of Trip Hop, Downtempo, Classical, and World Music with a Lounge aesthetic.
History.
The Smokering was formed in January 2005. They produced 4 studio albums that year: 
"Escape From Van Nuys", "Fall Classic", "Poder A Le Gente", and "Tropicalifornia".
In 2006 The Smokering released the classic "13" in 2006. Four additional albums were created that year, notably "La La Land", which yielded two of The Smokering's most well received songs, "Freshoutdabox" and "Sativa".
Over the next year and a half Ed & Jason would work with a handful of established artists including Lumis (Bazerk, Pigface),
David "Mavis" Senescu (Cynic, ONLY), and bassist Ray Burke (Bruce Dickinson, Live After Death).
In 2007 "Blacklight District" was released. This album defined the duo and realized their distinct “soundtrack" vibe. They would record 2 more albums that year: "The Motherboard Connection" and "Floatation Device".
By 2008 the duo had transformed into group form with Lumis on turntables and vocals, Ray Burke on bass,
and Leanna Burke & Larry Foster on percussion. This version of The Smokering performed 4 shows that year.
In early 2009 The Smokering returned to the studio to create their 13th studio album, "Colorformed". Chillout, funk, trip hop, r&b, dub reggae, and even a touch of smooth jazz can be heard on this album.
September 2009 the compilation '05 - '09 was released and features choice tracks from their first 13 albums.
The Smokering collaborated with Los Angeles based dj/emcee Lumis on the track "Before The World Was Digital". It was recorded for "Into The Vortex, Volume 2", an IDM compilation released by Global Vortex Records in 2010. The song also aired on Los Angeles radio station 90.7FM KPFK's "Breakbeats & Rhymes" Radio Show on September 5, 2010.
Fall 2010 brought new music from The Smokering. The self-produced "Mellow Majestic" album offers a sophisticated blend of old school and nu-skool trip hop.
The first installment of a new mixtape series by The Smokering, "Adventures In Wi-Fi Vol. 1" was released in Spring 2011.
The Smokering's first official e.p. "Disco Balls" was released worldwide on May 17, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31065727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065727" title="Actelion">
Actelion

Actelion was founded in December 1997 and has its headquarters in Allschwil near Basel (Switzerland). Its CEO and co-founder is cardiologist Jean-Paul Clozel. 
Actelion scientists were among the first to work in the field of endothelian receptor antagonists. The company name might be a reminder for its first product, an endothelian receptor antagonist and the verb "action", "act upon". Actelion was initially financed with venture capital provided through a syndicate including Sofinnova and HealthCap.
Actelion specializes in orphan diseases. Often R&D investments in such diseases are low because companies see no ROI. Obviously, this is a serious problem for patients affected by a rare disease. Orphan diseases often affect very vulnerable patient groups such as children; Actelion keeps investing in such areas:
Actelion has 29 operative affiliates around the world, including the United States, Canada, Brazil, Australia, Japan, Switzerland and a number of EU countries.
The Swiss affiliate is located in Baden, the German affiliate in Freiburg, the Austrian one in Vienna, the French one in Paris and the UK affiliate is located in London
In 2006, the company established the Actelion Endothelin Research Award programme which supports selected clinical research projects.
Medicines.
Actelion currently has 10 compounds in its pipeline – including 3 in late-stage development – and 4 medicines on the market for orphan diseases:
Actelion's pipeline includes compounds for PAH, ALS (aka Lou Gehrig's disease), multiple sclerosis, asthma, psoriasis, allergic rhinitis and cystic fibrosis. Quite some new scientific data on these molecules is expected to be published in 2011 and 2012.
Key figures.
By January 2011, Actelion had a total of 2,467 employees, 392 in research, 640 in development and 1017 in sales and marketing. In 2010, Actelion's sales amounted to 1,929 million CHF.
Actelion's shares have been listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (ticker symbol ATLN) since 2000 SWX Swiss Exchange Swiss Leader Index. In September 2008, Actelion shares began trading as part of the blue-chip SMI Swiss Market Index.
Current News.
While Elliot Advisors, a US hedge fund, is currently criticising Actelion's Board, CNBC published a list of top executives in Europe where Actelion ranks second. The hedge fund asked for a number of changes re. Actelion's corporate governance and criticised its Management and Board.
At Actelion's AGM on May 5, 2011, shareholders dismissed all of Elliot's motions, see Reuters'article for details:
In June 2011, Actelion announced a reorganisation of its senior management (c.f. story from Thomson Reuters): 
Awards.
Actelion received the "Prix Hermès de l'innovation" (Hermès Award for Innovation) in April 2011: The "European Institute for Creative Strategy and Innovation", the creator of the Prix Hermès, was founded in 2003 in France. The Institute is a think-tank which supports innovation strategies by its research and know-how in Europe and all over the world. It is developing a global approach to research in the context of a European culture which goes back to the humanism of Renaissance, taking into account the most advanced technologies and great international openness. Since it was founded, the EISCSI has been working with more than a hundred companies, universities and research entities.
The "performance report for Swiss pharma websites" awarded Actelion the first Prize in the second consecutive year:. While Actelion gets some criticism re. its use of social webtools, the company is now also active on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="31065736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065736" title="Dorota Wellman">
Dorota Wellman

Dorota Wellman (b. February 2, 1961 in Warsaw) is a Polish journalist, television and radio personality and television producer. She graduated Polish studies and Art history from University of Warsaw. Wellman debuted in 1980s in Solidarity Radio and later in Radio Eska. Since 2006 she is known for presenting TV programme Dzień Dobry TVN.
She portrayed Polish activist Henryka Krzywonos in Andrzej Wajda's film "Walesa. Man of Hope" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="31065755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065755" title="List of richest people of Ukraine">
List of richest people of Ukraine

Richest people of Ukraine are several ratings compiled and published often by two Ukrainian magazines "Focus" and "Korrespondent". Korrespondent conducts its rating since 2006, while both magazines publish them simultaneously since 2007. Both magazines only include the top performers such as top-50, top-100, top-200 etc.
__TOC__
Criteria.
The "Korrespondent" criteria for the ratings stay almost unchanged since were initiated in 2006. The only change that took place it was extending of the ratings from top-50 top-100 for 2010. The ratings come out on June 11 every year. The calculations for the magazine are conducted by financial specialists of the investment company "Dragon Capital". Those calculations are made by an established system of assets evaluation based on the market capitalization of businesses and the method of comparable evaluation. Korrespondent also contacts every potential candidate to the list (ratings) to confirm the available information.
The "Focus" criteria change slightly from year to year. See below for more information.
Richest people of Ukraine (2010).
Korrespondent.
Top-10 included
Focus.
Top-10 included

</doc>
<doc id="31065762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065762" title="PSISra Sragen">
PSISra Sragen

PSISra stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Sragen ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Sragen"). PSISra Sragen is an Indonesian football club based in Sragen Regency, Central Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31065766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065766" title="Reality Only Fantasized">
Reality Only Fantasized

Reality Only Fantasized is the first full length album by American technical death metal band Capharnaum.

</doc>
<doc id="31065784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065784" title="SS Al-Abbas">
SS Al-Abbas

SS Al-Abbas was the first major ship to be built at the Karachi Shipyard in 1967.
History.
SS Al-Abbas was built for Muhammadi Steamship Company Limited in 1967. She was a cargo vessel plying between Karachi and Chittagong.
She was blown up and sunk on August 16, 1971 during Operation Jackpot in the Bangladesh Liberation War. She was berthed at Jetty No. 6 of the Port of Chittagong when Indian-trained commandoes of the Bangladeshi guerrilla force, Mukti Bahini, used limpet mines to blow her up.

</doc>
<doc id="31065790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065790" title="Treatise on the Resurrection">
Treatise on the Resurrection

The Treatise on the Resurrection is an ancient Gnostic or quasi-Gnostic Christian text which was found at Nag Hammadi, Egypt. It is also sometimes referred to as "The Letter to Rheginos" because it is a letter responding to questions about the resurrection posed by Rheginos, who may have been a non-Gnostic Christian.
Background.
The main message of the treatise is that Christians should consider themselves already resurrected in a spiritual sense and that the resurrection is real, not just a metaphor. It asserts that Jesus "lived as flesh" and was "both human and divine." These statements imply that the author rejected docetism, an idea frequently found among the Gnostics. The text also says that Jesus "displayed himself as the Son of God."
The treatise.
Aside from these more Orthodox characteristics, the text is otherwise Gnostic, since it embraces typical Gnostic themes such as the restoration of the pleroma, multiple divinities, aeons, predestination, and respect for Paul whom it calls "The Apostle." As such, the text may have come from a quasi-Gnostic school which retained more orthodox interpretations concerning the nature of Christ.
The text is noticeably Christian in its tone, and is Jesus-centric to a greater degree than other texts found at Nag Hammadi. It alludes to the account of the Transfiguration found in Mark, saying, "Do you remember reading in the Gospel how Elijah and Moses appeared?" Hence, the text indicates that the author accepted Mark's synoptic gospel narrative as a sacred text.
Unlike many other texts found at Nag Hammadi, The Treatise on the Resurrection is not pseudepigraphal, since the author does not pretend to be a great apostolic figure who received a special revelation. The text is simply a letter to someone named Rheginos, and hence belongs to a genre more akin to the New Testament letters than to the apocryphon typical of Gnostic pseudepigrapha.
The treatise contains a mix of proto-orthodox and gnostic views. This mixture is apparent in an excerpt regarding who Jesus was and what his purpose in coming into this world was. The excerpt states: "Now the Son of God, Rheginos, was Son of Man. He embraced them both, possessing the humanity and the divinity, so that on the one hand he might vanquish death through his being Son of God, and that on the other through the Son of Man the restoration to the Pleroma might occur; because he was originally from above, a seed of the Truth, because this structure (of the cosmos) had come into being. In this (structure) many dominions and divinities came into existence." 
The concept that Jesus was both divine and human was part of the proto-orthodox view. However, the belief in the existence of many divinities and the Pleroma were both gnostic views that were rejected by proto-orthodox Christians. Accordingly, the idea that Jesus' purpose was to restore the Pleroma was also a gnostic belief.
The author also asserts that this world is an illusion and instructs Rheginos not to "live in conformity with the flesh", because the goal of gnostic Christians is to be "released from this Element" (released from the material world). 
The letter also contains statements that indicate that the author believed in predestination. One excerpt states, "Therefore, we are elected to salvation and redemption since we are predestined from the beginning not to fall into the foolishness of those who are without knowledge, but we shall enter into the wisdom of those who have known the Truth." This excerpt also emphasizes the importance of knowledge for salvation, which is also a gnostic view.
Dating.
The date of the text may have been early 2nd century. By the late 2nd century, Irenaeus and 2nd Timothy 2:18 had come to dominate Catholic and Orthodox thinking. Irenaeus insisted that the resurrection was not simply spiritual, but rather a literal restoration of the flesh, and Timothy insisted that the resurrection was still in the future, and that those who believed otherwise were heretics.
The author of the Treatise on the Resurrection, however, seems unaware of the exclusivism of their dogma, and says instead in the opening line of the letter that the question has not been answered. The author's failure to employ polemics against the Catholic/Orthodox consensus argues for a date prior to the existence of the consensus, which would place the date of the text in the early 2nd century. Yet this is an argument from silence, and although plausible, is not decisive. Also, the text never explicitly denies a fleshly resurrection in the future. It only asserts a spiritual resurrection in the present is a reality, and leaves open the possibility that the fleshly resurrection of the future is also a reality. Hence, the author may not have felt it necessary to challenge the Catholic/Orthodox consensus. Therefore, a date in the late 2nd or even 3rd century is still possible.

</doc>
<doc id="31065800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065800" title="Gorenje Sušice">
Gorenje Sušice

Gorenje Sušice () is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to Saint Roch () and belongs to the Parish of Toplice. It was built in 1651.

</doc>
<doc id="31065813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065813" title="Mano Gai airstrike">
Mano Gai airstrike

Mano Gai or Manogi airstrike refers to the killing of Afghan children in Mano Gai, Dara-I-Pech District, Kunar province, Afghanistan on March 1, 2011.
Nine boys aged 8–14 were killed through gun fire from NATO helicopters while collection firewood for their family.
The next day hundreds of Afghan villagers protested the killing chanting slogans against the United States and the Afghan government as they marched to the bombing site. General David Petraeus said "We are deeply sorry" while Mohammed Bismil, the 20-year-old brother of two boys killed in the strike said "I don't care about the apology. The only option I have is to pick up a Kalashnikov, RPG or a suicide vest to fight." President Hamid Karzai called the attack "ruthless".

</doc>
<doc id="31065822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065822" title="Neredcherla">
Neredcherla

Nereducharla () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India. Nereducharla is the third largest mandal in the state of Andhra pradesh. 
Villages.
Nereducharla is a fast developing town, consists of many rice industries, Trading(Kalayni Agencies), cement factories and many other small scale industries. This manadal is very famous for producing rice.
The villages and grampanchyaths in Nereducharla mandal includes: 

</doc>
<doc id="31065827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065827" title="Tebenna agelasta">
Tebenna agelasta

Tebenna agelasta is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="31065841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065841" title="Satya Narayan Bohidar">
Satya Narayan Bohidar

Satya Na rayan Bohidar (1 August 1913 – 31 December 1980) was a Sambalpuri writer.
Known as the pioneer of Sambalpuri language and grammar, Bohidar was born at Sonepur. His formative and creative years were spent in Sambalpur and produced a good number of literary translations and biographies. Fighting against all odds, Sri Bohidar was successful in preparing the dictionary and grammar specially in Sambalpuri Language which provided a significant identity to it. Satya Narayan Bohidar left a great legacy behind him to influence the future generations.
Books.
Books written by him are:-

</doc>
<doc id="31065855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065855" title="Forst, Lower Saxony">
Forst, Lower Saxony

Forst is a district of the municipality Bevern, Lower Saxony, Germany.
Forst lies in the Weserbergland.
In the 1970s, the musicians Hans-Joachim Roedelius, Dieter Moebius and Michael Rother lived there.

</doc>
<doc id="31065856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065856" title="Tebenna balsamorrhizella">
Tebenna balsamorrhizella

Tebenna balsamorrhizella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from northern North America, including Montana, Utah, British Columbia and Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065862" title="Joe Wanag">
Joe Wanag

Joseph Paul Wanag (born August 2, 1966) was an American Judoka martial artist. He trained under Kiyoshi Shiina. In 1992, he competed as member of the judo team representing the United States at the Olympic Summer Games held in Barcelona, Spain. He was a native of Fairfield county, Connecticut. He was a World University champion, Pan-American champion, placed second in the 1991 World Championships, US Open champion, Collegiate Champion, and many times a National champion. Joe appeared in numerous publications including Judo Journal Newspaper and United States Judo Federation Newspaper. [http://www.ma-mags.com/srchmag.php?SrchFor=Joe+Wanag&SrchHow=all&Search=Search] He now lives in Litchfield county with his family. 

</doc>
<doc id="31065870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065870" title="Tebenna onustana">
Tebenna onustana

Tebenna onustana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Ontario, Quebec and the north-eastern part of the United States.
The forewings are brownish-gray with broad white antemedial and postmedial lines. The antemedial line is almost straight, while the postmedial line is arc-shaped or almost V-shaped. There are two blackish patches inside the postmedial line, and one blackish patch beyond the postmedial line. The hindwing is brownish-gray with scattered white scales near the center. The top of the thorax is brownish with three thin white longitudinal lines. The top of the head is light brown or tan.

</doc>
<doc id="31065886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065886" title="Persiks Kuantan Singingi">
Persiks Kuantan Singingi

Persiks stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kuantan Singingi (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Kuantan Singingi"). Persiks Kuantan Singingi is an Indonesian football club based in Kuantan Singingi, Riau. Club played at Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31065887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065887" title="Big Coulee, Alberta">
Big Coulee, Alberta

Big Coulee is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065890" title="Tebenna gemmalis">
Tebenna gemmalis

Tebenna gemmalis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from California to British Columbia.
The forewings are dark yellow or orange in the basal third, divided in two by dark longitudinal lines. The remainder of the wing is dark gray, covered with whitish spots that give a dappled appearance. There are three black patches aligned longitudinally in the distal half of wing, interspersed by two bands of cream-colored scales. The hindwings are brownish-gray with a dark terminal line and a long bicolored fringe.
Adults are on wing from April to July in California.

</doc>
<doc id="31065900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065900" title="Joost Taverne">
Joost Taverne

Joost Taverne (born 22 September 1971) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He has been an MP since 8 November 2012. He was already an MP from 26 October 2010 to 19 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31065901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065901" title="Tarsus railway station">
Tarsus railway station

Tarsus Railway Station ( is a railway station in the city of Tarsus. Tarsus is a city in Mersin Province, Turkey. (population 238276 as of 2010)
The station.
The station was built in 1886 to be one of the four intermediate stations on the long Adana–Mersin Railway Line (others being Zeytinli, Yenice and Taşkent). It became a part of the Berlin-Baghdad Railway in 1911. This increased the traffic of the station. After the Republic of Turkey was proclaimed in 1923, Turkish government began the railway nationalization project. According to act no.1376 (Jan. 5, 1929) Adana-Mersin railway was also absorbed by the Chemins de Fer Ottomans d'Anatolie (Turkish: Osmanlı Anadolu Demiryolları), a subsidiary of the Turkish State Railways (TCDD). Presently the number of intermediate stations is 9.
The station building.
The original station building doesn't survive. The present station building has been built in 1949. The building is symmetrical. The tolbooths are in the central section.
Services.
The majority of trains using Tarsus station are freight trains. The main passenger service is between Mersin and Adana, 23 times daily, all of which stop at Tarsus. Some of these trains connect with main line trains at Yenice, the next station east of Tarsus.

</doc>
<doc id="31065905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065905" title="Century Estates, Alberta">
Century Estates, Alberta

Century Estates is a rural subdivision in Athabasca County, located adjacent to the designated place of McNabb's, which is in the Hamlet of Colinton, Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065908" title="Coolidge, Alberta">
Coolidge, Alberta

Coolidge is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065914" title="Sébastien-Melchior Cornu">
Sébastien-Melchior Cornu

Sébastien-Melchior Cornu, a French historical painter, was born at Lyons in 1804. He first studied under Richard and Bonnefond, and then went to Paris and entered the studio of Ingres. There are by him at Versailles the 'Surrender of Ascalon to Baldwin III,' and the 'Battle of Oued-Halleg'. He continued the decorative works at St. Germain-des-Prés after the death of Flandrin, and died at Longpont (Seine-et-Oise) in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="31065916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065916" title="Deep Creek, Alberta">
Deep Creek, Alberta

Deep Creek is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065936" title="Tebenna gnaphaliella">
Tebenna gnaphaliella

The Everlasting Tebenna Moth ("Tebenna gnaphaliella") is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from Florida to California and north at least to New Hampshire.
The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are brown basally and in the terminal area. The median and subterminal areas have dense light gray speckling and three irregular white spots arranged in a triangle, each white spot is surrounded by black shading. The legs and antennae are banded black and white. It is extremely similar/identical to the Palearctic "Tebenna micalis".
Adults are on wing in June and July. There are probably at least two generations per year. They are usually found on flowers of herbaceous plants.
The larvae feed on various plants (cudweed, everlasting, pussytoes) formerly placed in the "Gnaphalium" genus, including "Pseudognaphalium obtusifolium", "Pseudognaphalium helleri", and "Helichrysum" species. They mine the leaves of their host plant and can cause considerable damage to cultivated and ornamental plants. They have a dark shiny green body, tapered at both ends and lighter colored at each abdominal joint.

</doc>
<doc id="31065938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065938" title="Olivia Chance">
Olivia Chance

Olivia Juliet Bridget Chance (born 5 October 1993), is an association football player who has represented New Zealand at international level. 
Club Career.
Chance plays her club football with Claudelands Rovers, helping them to become the first non-Auckland side in 15 years to win the national women's cup.
National Career.
Chance was a member of the New Zealand U-17 side at the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup playing in all three games at the finals in Trinidad and Tobago.
Chance and Terri-Amber Carlson were the only two new caps included in the women's national team to contest the 2011 Cyprus Cup where she made her début in a 4–1 loss to The Netherlands in their opening game on 2 March 2011.
College career.
Chance joined the University of South Florida in 2012. In her freshman year she was named to the All-Big East Rookie Team.

</doc>
<doc id="31065956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065956" title="Awareness Sunday">
Awareness Sunday

Awareness Sunday takes place each year on a Sunday in September. Awareness Sunday in 2014 will take place on Sunday 14 September. Awareness Sunday is described as "about healing and reconciliation in our communities".
Awareness Sunday is an initiative of the Awareness Foundation. "Awareness Sunday is an annual opportunity to reflect on the value of loving our neighbour as ourself, even if our neighbour is of a different religious faith or worldview." 
According to the Awareness Sunday website, "This is an invitation to everyone, whatever their faith or world view, to join us at this time and make a commitment to change attitudes and build relationships in your own community, based on respect and understanding."
Supporters.
Awareness Sunday is supported by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Archbishop of York, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, and many other leading clergy in the Church of England, the Roman Catholic Church, the Methodist Church and the Baptist Church. In addition, Awareness Sunday is supported by Lord Sacks, the former Chief Rabbi for the United Kingdom and Commonwealth, and Sunni and Shia scholars.
Main Events in 2011.
A special public service of remembrance and reconciliation for Awareness Sunday took place at Westminster Abbey in London at 6.30 pm on Sunday 11 September 2011. The Abbey was packed with people from around the world: Londoners and tourists, plus priests, imams and rabbis. A large number of those attending were American. Other events took place across the UK, and internationally. The Revd Nadim Nassar, Director of the Awareness Foundation, preached, and Dr Courtney Cowart, a survivor of 9/11, spoke about her experiences. Dr Cowart laid a wreath at the Memorial to Innocent Victims during the service.
In addition, the Sunday Worship on BBC Radio 4 at 8.10 am on the morning of 11 September featured a live broadcast of a special Awareness Sunday service at Grosvenor Chapel in London. The Revd Nadim Nassar, preached and Dr Courtney Cowart spoke. In addition, a memorial candle was lit by Barbara J Stephenson, Deputy Chief of Mission at the US Embassy in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31065957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065957" title="Daylesford Football Club">
Daylesford Football Club

Daylesford Football Club, nicknamed the Bulldogs, are an Australian rules football team in the Central Highlands Football League. The team was formerly known as the Daylesford Demons and competed for many years in the Ballarat Football League before switching leagues in the early 2000s.
Daylesford's senior side has had a successful run since joining the Central Highlands Football League with three premiership wins in 2007, 2009 and 2012. 
Notable Daylesford alumni includes former Western Bulldogs captain Chris Grant, Former Rover Jack Gervasoni, North Melbourne ruckman Noel Teasdale and current Geelong Football Club youngster Josh Cowan.

</doc>
<doc id="31065961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065961" title="Persipo Purwakarta">
Persipo Purwakarta

Persipo stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Purwakarta (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Purwakarta"). Persipo Purwakarta is an Indonesian football club based in Purwakarta, Purwakarta Regency, West Java. Club played at Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31065964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065964" title="United States v. Kilbride">
United States v. Kilbride

United States v. Kilbride, 584 F.3d 1240 (9th Cir. 2009) is a case from the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit rejecting an appeal from two individuals convicted of violating the CAN SPAM Act and US obscenity law. The defendants were appealing convictions on 8 counts from the District Court of Arizona for distributing pornographic spam via email. The second count which the defendants were found guilty of involved the falsification of the "From" field of email headers, which is illegal to do multiple times in commercial settings under 18 USC § 1037(a)(3). The case is particularly interesting because of the majority opinion on obscenity, in which Judge Fletcher writes an argument endorsing the use of a national community obscenity standard for the internet.
Background.
Jeffery A. Kilbride and James Robert Schaffer ran an unsolicited bulk email company called Ganymede Marketing, which sent hundreds of thousands to millions of spam emails a year. These emails advertised a variety of products, including sexually explicit websites, and a portion of them contained sexually explicit images. Kilbride and Schaffer set up Ganymede as a foreign shell company in an attempt to avoid US laws and gave fake contact information both in the emails they sent and their website registrations. The FTC and AOL claimed to have received over 600,000 complaints relating to spam emails sent by Ganymede, before they were finally taken to court in Arizona for violating anti-spam and obscenity laws.
On June 25, 2007, the United States District Court, D. Arizona found the defendants guilty of 8 counts:
Following their conviction, Kilbride and Schaffer moved for acquittal or a retrial based on a number of arguments involving jury instructions and evidence pertaining to the obscenity charges. The District Court rejected these arguments and denied their motion.
Subsequently, Kilbride and Schaffer appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals (this case), arguing that:
Opinion of the court.
In the majority opinion, Judge Fletcher agreed with the defendants that there was a clerical error regarding counts 1-3 and remanded, but affirmed the other District court rulings. In each case, either the appeal was rejected outright, or error from the district court was recognized, but found not to be plain error or have significantly affected the outcome of the case.
Obscenity and community standards.
The most involved and important section of the opinion deals with the defendants' argument that the instructions given the jury regarding determining obscenity were flawed. This argument focuses on the District Court's implementation of the Miller Test for determining that the images distributed by Kilbride and Schaffer were obscene and therefore not protected as free speech. The relevant section of the Miller Test states that to be obscene, "'the average person, applying contemporary community standards', would find that the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient interest".
The defendants challenged the instructions given to the jury on obscenity in two ways. First, they challenged that the jury was instructed to "apply the standards of communities outside their own community" in contrast with precedent. Second, they challenged that the court was even correct in applying a community standard given that email is not constrained to certain geographical areas or communities.
In response to the first challenge, the court cites precedent, suggesting that the "portion of the instruction explicitly and implicitly allowing jurors to consider evidence of standards existing in places outside of the district is clearly permitted under Hamling." Additionally, they argue that referencing standards outside of the immediate community in no way prejudices jurors against the defendants.
In contrast, the court agrees with the main point in the second challenge - that community standards are outmoded in the age of the internet. As Judge Fletcher writes in the opinion: "We agree with Defendants that the district court should have instructed the jury to apply a national community standard." The court argues that email is different from other communication subject to community standards because "they cannot tailor their message to the specific communities into which they disseminate their speech and truly must comply with the standards of the least tolerant community in a manner the defendants in did not."
Since this position was novel and not clearly supported by precedent, the court turned to a supreme court case to find justification. Citing many different opinions in Ashcroft v.ACLU, 535 U.S. 564 (2002), the court builds a case that the majority of justices view local community standards as a problem when applied to the internet. Additionally, evidence is provided that many justices do not see a national community standard to be a problem, or unconstitutional. In summary, Judge Fletcher writes: "Accordingly, five Justices concurring in the judgment, as well as the dissenting Justice, viewed the application of local community standards in defining obscenity on the Internet as generating serious constitutional concerns. At the same time, five justices concurring in the judgment viewed the application of a national community standard as not or likely not posing the same concerns by itself."
Despite this huge shift in how the court is suggesting obscenity should be judged, the obscenity conviction in this case was confirmed. The court states that its reasoning, though distilled from "the various opinions in Ashcroft... was far from clear and obvious to the district court" and so it is not a reversible error to be addressed.
Subsequent developments.
Though the Ninth Circuit Court proposed new guidelines for judging internet obscenity, other Circuit Courts have chosen not to follow suit. In an unpublished opinion, the Eleventh Circuit Court rejected the idea of a national community standard, instead relying on a local one. This has been interpreted as proof that there is disagreement on whether the Ninth Circuit misinterpreted the Supreme Court's opinion. The Supreme Court has not directly weighed in on the matter since.
Prison escape and recapture.
On December 27, 2013, Kilbride escaped from the federal prison in Lompoc. He was apprehended and returned to prison on December 28, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31065972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065972" title="Grosmont, Alberta">
Grosmont, Alberta

Grosmont is a locality located within Athabasca County in Alberta, Canada. It is located on Highway 2, approximately northwest of the Town of Athabasca and north of Edmonton. It is northwest of Island Lake and has an elevation of .
The locality shares its name with the Grosmont Formation, a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin, and the Imperial Grosmont No. 1 well.

</doc>
<doc id="31065973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065973" title="Recrystallization">
Recrystallization

Recrystallization may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31065978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065978" title="Kinikinik, Alberta">
Kinikinik, Alberta

Kinikinik is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065982" title="Lahaieville, Alberta">
Lahaieville, Alberta

Lahaieville is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065983" title="Lincoln, Alberta">
Lincoln, Alberta

Lincoln is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31065992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31065992" title="Meadowbrook, Alberta">
Meadowbrook, Alberta

Meadowbrook is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066002" title="Sund IF">
Sund IF

Sund IF is a Swedish football club located in Sundsbruk in Sundsvall Municipality, Västernorrland County.
Background.
Sund Idrottsförening were formed on 9 September 1921. Eight years later Sund IF and Skönviks IF merged and took the "neutral" name Sköns IF. For many years the club was called anything but Sund IF, but on 23 January 1965, it became Sund IF again and that's the name that still applies today. The club has over the years not only been involved with football and has had sections covering skiing and orienteering.
Since their foundation Sund IF has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 4 Medelpad which is the sixth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Malands IP in Sundsbruk.
Sund IF are affiliated to Medelpads Fotbollförbund.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Sund IF have competed in the following divisions:
2013 - Division IV, Medelpad
2012 - Division IV, Medelpad
2011 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2010 - Division IV, Medelpad
2009 - Division IV, Medelpad
2008 - Division IV, Medelpad
2007 - Division IV, Medelpad
2006 - Division IV, Medelpad
2005 - Division IV, Medelpad
2004 - Division IV, Medelpad
2003 - Division IV, Medelpad
2002 - Division III, Mellersta Norrland
2001 - Division IV, Medelpad
2000 - Division III, Mellersta Norrland
1999 - Division IV, Medelpad
1998 - Division IV, Medelpad
1997 - Division IV, Medelpad
1996 - Division IV, Medelpad
1995 - Division IV, Medelpad
1994 - Division III, Mellersta Norrland
1993 - Division III, Mellersta Norrland
Attendances.
In recent seasons Sund IF have had the following average attendances:
The attendance record was established on 27 May 2004 when 1,903 people watched the Svenska Cupen ladies match at Maland IP between Sund IF and Umeå IK.

</doc>
<doc id="31066007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066007" title="O'Morrow, Alberta">
O'Morrow, Alberta

O'Morrow is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066010" title="Paxson, Alberta">
Paxson, Alberta

Paxson is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066017" title="List of Presidents of the Second Chamber of the States of the Grand Duchy of Hesse">
List of Presidents of the Second Chamber of the States of the Grand Duchy of Hesse

The President of the Second Chamber of the States of the Grand Duchy of Hesse was the presiding officer of the lower chamber of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="31066025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066025" title="Pleasant View, Alberta">
Pleasant View, Alberta

Pleasant View is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066032" title="Richmond Park, Alberta">
Richmond Park, Alberta

Richmond Park is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066035" title="Sawdy, Alberta">
Sawdy, Alberta

Sawdy is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066041" title="Spruce Valley, Alberta">
Spruce Valley, Alberta

Spruce Valley is an unincorporated area in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066052" title="Parbati Giri">
Parbati Giri

Parbati Giri, nicknamed as the "Mother Teresa of Western Orissa", was a prominent female freedom fighter from Orissa, India. The women freedom fighters of Orissa played a significant role in the Indian Freedom Struggle. Giri was born in Samlaipadar village near Bijepur of the present Bargarh district and
undivided Sambalpur district in 19 January 1926. Due to her anti-British government activities, she was imprisoned for two years.Parbati Giri was just 16 when she was in the forefront of agitation following Mahatma Gandhi’s “Quit India” call. She continued to serve the nation socially after independence. She opened an orphanage at Paikmal village and devoted rest of her life for the welfare of orphans

</doc>
<doc id="31066057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066057" title="Kapawe'no First Nation Indian Reserve No. 150B">
Kapawe'no First Nation Indian Reserve No. 150B

Kapawe'no First Nations Lands 150B is an Indian reserve in Alberta. It is one of six reserves under the governance of the Kapawe'no First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="31066061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066061" title="Anna University of Technology">
Anna University of Technology

Anna University of Technology may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31066065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066065" title="Halcro and Pakashan">
Halcro and Pakashan

Halcro and Pakashan is an Indian reserve in Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066080" title="Post Bank of Iran">
Post Bank of Iran

Post Bank of Iran () is an Iranian bank.
History.
Post Bank of Iran was formally established in 2006. It is the eleventh state owned bank in Iran.
International issues.
On 6 September 2013, the European General Court in Luxembourg ruled to annul the European Union sanctions in place since 2010 against the bank on grounds of supporting the Iranian nuclear and missile programs, as EU governments had not proved the accusations against the bank.

</doc>
<doc id="31066084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066084" title="Bank Bay, Alberta">
Bank Bay, Alberta

Bank Bay is an unincorporated area in central Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87. It is located on the bank of the Cold Lake Provincial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31066086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066086" title="West Persija">
West Persija

Persija Barat stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Jakarta Barat (en: "Football Association of Indonesia West Jakarta"). West Persija is an Indonesian football club based in West Jakarta, Jakarta. Club played at Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
