<doc id="31193173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193173" title="People's Pledge">
People's Pledge

The People's Pledge is a political campaign that seeks a referendum in the United Kingdom on the European Union. It aims to achieve this by getting voters to sign a pledge to help secure a majority of Members of Parliament (MPs) in Parliament who support an EU referendum. The 1975 European Communities membership referendum was the last time such a vote had occurred in Britain. 
Directed by Mark Seddon and with cross-party support from sitting MPs and other politicians including the Mayor of London Boris Johnson, and Labour party head of policy Jon Cruddas MP it aimed to put particular pressure on marginal seats. According to British Labour Party politician Kelvin Hopkins: "While those who initiated the People’s Pledge campaign are primarily Eurosceptic, it has support from those who take a different, pro-EU view, but who wish to see the issue properly resolved by a vote of the British people." More than 128,000 voters and 87 MPs have so far signed up to the campaign. The Campaign in September 2012 were announced as the secretariat to the APPG for an EU referendum, with Conservative MP John Baron acting as the groups chair.
James Forsyth writing in "The Spectator" asserts that Boris Johnson signing the Pledge has made an EU referendum almost certain. "The Romford Pledge might not have the same ring to it as the Tamworth Manifesto. But Boris Johnson’s decision while campaigning last month to sign up to the campaign for an in/out referendum on EU membership could be a key moment in the history of the Conservative party — the moment when the party’s balance of power tipped decisively in favour of a referendum." Along with Forsyth, Paul Goodman of ConservativeHome and Leo Mckinstry of the "Daily Express" have cited the success of the campaign as a main reason why a referendum is now a possibility.
Background.
In January 1973, on its third application, Britain was accepted into the European Economic Community. The 1975 European Communities membership referendum was held after that, following a change in government from the Conservatives under Edward Heath who had led the application process, to the minority Labour government of Harold Wilson, who had made a referendum an election promise. The referendum found 67% to be in favour, on a 65% turnout. Subsequent treaties leading to the development of the European Union were signed into law without recourse to a referendum.
According to the campaign, all three major British political parties withdrew promises of a referendum on the last major European treaty, which proposed the creation of a European Constitution, after it was re-drafted as the Treaty of Lisbon, and subsequently ratified by the UK on 19 June 2008 by the Labour Government of Gordon Brown. The subsequent 2010 general election unusually produced a hung parliament, leading to a Conservative – Liberal Democrat coalition government bound by an agreement that there would be "no further transfer of sovereignty or powers over the course of the next Parliament", and to cover for future terms, proposed the introduction of the European Union Bill 2010, which sought to "amend the 1972 European Communities Act so that any proposed future treaty that transferred areas of power, or competences, would be subject to a referendum on that treaty". The coalition did not however commit to holding a referendum on the status of the existing membership.
A YouGov poll conducted in September 2010 of 1,948 adults in the UK found that if there was a referendum on Britain's membership of the EU, 47% would vote to leave, compared to 33% who would want to remain.
History.
The People's Pledge campaign was launched in Westminster on 15 March 2011. The campaign website had been launched two days earlier. The campaign claimed that over 6,000 people had already signed the pledge before the official launch, and 30,000 people had signed by 17 March. Dan Hannan in "The Daily Telegraph" claimed that "in the first 5 days more than 42,000 people had signed up via the campaigns website and 3,000 more volunteered to help leaflet". To date the campaign has more than 128,000 listed supporters.
The People's Pledge were the only campaign listed in the BBC's "Timeline: Campaigns for a European Union referendum".
Organisation.
Mark Seddon, a former editor of "Tribune" and member of the Labour National Executive Committee, is the campaign's director, alongside co-founders Christopher Bruni-Lowe, Stuart Coster and Marc Glendening. It also has a number of MPs and other figures listed as part of an 'Advisory Council'. On 20 December 2011 the campaign announced that Ian McKenzie, former New Labour adviser and aide to the former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott and leader of the House of Commons Anne Taylor had joined its campaign as its director of communications. Patrick Wintour political editor of the Guardian and Tim Montgomerie of ConservativeHome remarked that the appointment of McKenzie was a "clever choice".
The Council.
Other supporters also listed include:
In Parliament.
Support amongst MPs.
Although the campaign has the support of various MPs on its Advisory Council, a number of other MPs have publicly backed the campaign. The campaign have the support of 87 MPs to date who have all signed the Pledge. A number of MPs have expressed their support in public, including Labour party head of policy Jon Cruddas, Shadow Environment Minister Tom Harris, Keith Vaz Richard Drax,John Stevenson, Andrew Turner, Edward Leigh, Mike Weatherley, George Howarth, Jason McCartney,Gordon Henderson, Martin Vickers, Matthew Offord and Steve Baker. Conservative MP Mark Reckless whilst on the BBC Daily Politics discussing his EU bailout motion stated that he backs the campaign and urged others to do so. Reckless also congratulated the campaign during Parliamentary Business Questions for "pressing for a referendum on Europe and the debate on Monday", This comment related to the in/out referendum debate and vote that was being held a few days later.
In that same parliamentary sitting the Conservative MP David Nuttall asked whether the "Government will recompense anyone who planned to attend a lobby of Parliament next Thursday, organised by the People’s Pledge, but have now had to reorganise their travel plans as a result of the rescheduling of Government business?" This comment related to the campaigns holding of a lobby on the original day of the in/out referendum vote. This was subsequently brought forward by a few days.
The Conservative MP Guto Bebb had signed up to the campaign but subsequently backed out of voting for the referendum motion on 24 October.
MPs Signed up to the Campaign.
The campaign has 86 MPs listed as supports on their website. They are David Amess, Steve Baker, John Baron, Guto Bebb, Andrew Bingham, Brian Binley, Bob Blackman, Peter Bone, Andrew Bridgen, Steve Brine, Conor Burns, Gregory Campbell, Douglas Carswell, William Cash, Christopher Chope, James Clappison, Rosie Cooper, David Crausby, Tracey Crouch, Jon Cruddas, John Cryer, David TC Davies, Philip Davies, Nick de Bois, Caroline Dinenage, Nigel Dodds, Jeffrey Donaldson, Nadine Dorries, Richard Drax, Natascha Engel, Mark Field, Jim Fitzpatrick, Mike Freer, Roger Godsiff, Zac Goldsmith, James Gray, Mike Hancock, Tom Harris, Gordon Henderson, Kate Hoey, Lindsay Hoyle, Philip Hollobone, Adam Holloway, Kelvin Hopkins, George Howarth, Stewart Jackson, Edward Leigh, Julian Lewis, Caroline Lucas, Anne Main, Jason McCartney, Karl McCartney, William McCrea, Iain McKenzie, Patrick Mercer, Nigel Mills, Austin Mitchell, Anne-Marie Morris, Caroline Nokes, David Nuttall, Matthew Offord, Ian Paisley, Neil Parish, Priti Patel, Andrew Percy, Mark Reckless, John Redwood, Simon Reevell, Laurence Robertson, Andrew Rosindell, Jim Shannon, Richard Shepherd, David Simpson, Henry Smith, John Stevenson, Bob Stewart, Graham Stringer, Gerry Sutcliffe, Justin Tomlinson, Andrew Turner, Derek Twigg, Keith Vaz, Martin Vickers, Mike Weatherly, Heather Wheeler, Sammy Wilson
All Party Parliamentary Group.
The Campaign in September 2012 were announced as the secretariat to the APPG for an EU referendum, with Conservative MP John Baron acting as the groups chair and Keith Vaz as vice chair. The groups aim is to push for an EU referendum at the earliest opportunity.
Other Notable Support.
Boris Johnson, London Mayor.
The campaign announced on 25 March that the Conservative Mayor of London Boris Johnson had signed up to their campaign after being approached by an activist while on a visit to the Romford constituency of Conservative MP Andrew Rosindell. Rosindell said in a statement, "I am delighted Boris has signed up for the People’s Pledge. A clear majority of the British People and the vast majority of Conservative supporters want a referendum on our membership of the European Union. I wish the campaign all the best in its efforts." Influential blog Conservative Home remarked that "This latest move makes him the most senior person in the party to support an in/out referendum - the Mayor of Britain's biggest city, no less. It is major news - and won't be looked upon kindly by Downing Street." This lead Daniel Hannan to say "A referendum on EU membership is starting to feel unavoidable. Boris Johnson's support for the People's Pledge is just the latest token of a changed atmosphere." The campaign also has the support of the Green London Mayoral candidate Jenny Jones.
James Forsyth writing in "The Spectator" asserts that Boris Johnson signing the Pledge has made an EU referendum almost certain. "The Romford Pledge might not have the same ring to it as the Tamworth Manifesto. But Boris Johnson’s decision while campaigning last month to sign up to the campaign for an in/out referendum on EU membership could be a key moment in the history of the Conservative party — the moment when the party’s balance of power tipped decisively in favour of a referendum." 
Bob Crow, RMT Union.
It was reported by the Alliance for Workers' Liberty that "The Rail, Maritime and Transport workers’ union RMT has become the first union to formally back the campaign. RMT leader Bob Crow was already an individual supporter." It was announced in the Morning Star that the Communist Party Executive backed the People's Pledge.
Campaign strategy.
The People's Pledge is a cross-party political campaign to bring about a binding yes or no referendum in the United Kingdom on the issue of Britain's continued membership of the European Union. It aims to achieve this by making sure that only prospective candidates or sitting MPs standing for election to the House of Commons in the next United Kingdom general election who promise to support the holding of such a referendum, are elected. Specifically, it asks voters to sign up to a pledge via the campaign's website to only support such candidates. In addition to showing the total number of signatories, the campaign would also present those figures broken down by constituency. The campaign claimed this breakdown would be particularly effective in swaying the outcome in the 100 most marginal seats. In addition, the campaign sought to make available to all who signed the pledge, the voting record of their local MP on European issues. Co-founder Christopher Bruni-Lowe outlined the strategy of the campaign in the November edition of Total Politics magazine in an article titled "Putting voters back in charge".
The pledge that voters are urged to sign is worded as follows:
Campaign position.
Upon its launch, the campaign cited five key reasons why a referendum was needed: that nobody under the age of 54 had ever been given the chance to vote on the issue (i.e., those aged 18 or over in 1975), that the EU now made the majority of laws of the United Kingdom, that the ministers and parliamentarians making those laws were not accountable to British voters, that the cost of the EU to the British taxpayer was rising, and that the European Commission was aiming for further powers of economic governance. Accompanying the launch, 
Seddon wrote a piece for the "The Daily Telegraph" titled "A referendum on Europe is long overdue".
Local referendums.
The campaign announced at a press conference in London that they would be holding local referendums around the country. The first would be in April, a further ten in 2012 and 100 more in 2013. They are to be overseen by the independent Electoral Reform Services Ltd. The "Morning Star", which ran the referendum announcement on the front page, stated that "every constituency chosen for a referendum would see door-to-door canvassing, posters, leaflets and media debate. It would be a full by-election-style campaign." The prominent website ConservativeHome stated that "under present boundaries, each seat represents about 70,000 constituents, and therefore to get 10,000 voters (or more) in each seat would be a very ambitious task. To add to the enormity of the project, it should be remembered that there is no precedent for a grassroots campaign holding seat-by-seat referendums."
At the press conference attended by Keith Vaz, Douglas Carswell and Natascha Engel, communications director Ian McKenzie announced the 1-10-100 campaign plan. This would see more than 100 local referendums take place over the next year, making it the most ambitious grassroots campaign ever undertaken in Britain. Writing in the Guardian Natascha Engel the day before the referendum announcement she said "the People's Pledge hopes to trigger the biggest grassroots campaign for an EU referendum we've ever seen in this country. Real voters will be voting for a say on our relationship with Europe." Douglas Carswell at the press conference urged all MPs to welcome the local referendums. "This campaign is not a threat to MPs, it’s an opportunity. I hope MPs will regard this as an opportunity to restore trust in the political process." ‘With ministers and mandarins left in charge, we have lurched from one disastrous Euro deal to the next. It is time for the people to take back control.’ Keith Vaz said he has "no hesitation" in asking the British people to settle the issue. "We need to take this argument outside Parliament and let the British people participate in a proper discussion about our role in the EU. I am very confident if we have a referendum that the British people will vote to stay in."
There were 13 constituency seats under consideration to have the first referendum including that of MPs Chris Huhne Louise Mensch, Geoffrey Cox and Julie Hilling
The constituency of Thurrock was chosen as the first seat to have a referendum. It is held by the Conservative MP Jackie Doyle Price who has a 92 majority.
Thurrock.
Thurrock was the first constituency to have the EU referendum and the polls closed on Thursday 5 April 2012. The question on the ballot paper read
The result of the referendum was announced on BBC Radio 4 in a special edition of the PM programme. In total 47,995 ballots were sent out, with 14,590 votes recorded. 13,111 (89.9%) backed a referendum and 1,479 voted against having a referendum. The turnout was 30.39% considered high even by local government election standards and greater than the last local election results in Thurrock.
Labour MP Kate Hoey who visited Thurrock during the campaign was quoted in the Express after the result saying "Thurrock has shown that voters who want a referendum in marginal seats will have real power to decide the outcome of the election. This amazing result should be a wake-up call for all MPs who have said Europe is not an important issue. I visited Thurrock during the campaign and was impressed with the enthusiasm for the Pledge campaign. There is huge disenchantment with all the mainstream political parties with their failure to keep their promises on a referendum on the EU. Today a clear message has gone to MPs who oppose giving the British ­people a say – listen to us or lose our vote."
More than 9,000 voters in Thurrock also signed the Pledge which is where they commit to only vote for candidates that support an EU referendum.
Ian McKenzie, the campaign's communications director, said the 30.3% turnout was "truly astonishing", higher than many council election turnouts. He added: "This turnout is unignorable. The sitting MP and her Labour opponent cannot stick their fingers in their ears, or they are half the politicians I think they are. We were just 2,000 short of the votes the main candidates got in the election." The local elections held in Thurrock on 3 May 2012 had an average turnout of 26%, the Thurrock Gazette reported in an article titled 'Councillors ponder poor vote turnout', that the turnout for the People’s Pledge referendum was higher than the turnout for last week’s Thurrock Council election.
Other campaigns.
AV referendum.
The People's Pledge announced its first ground campaign in Sheffield Hallam on 4 and 5 May 2011 which was publicized by the "Evening Standard". The campaign was launched to coincide with the referendum on the Alternative Vote and targeted Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg over perceived changes of position over the holding of a referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union. The "Sheffield Star" reported that an actor dressed as "Cleggy Pollard" (after Vicky Pollard, a TV show character with the catchphrase "Yeah But, No But") toured Clegg's Sheffield constituency as voters went to the polls. Seddon announced that "the object of the campaign is to highlight the Lib-Dem leader's betrayal of promises, such as student fees and the EU referendum, since he joined the Coalition... We’re drawing attention to a politician who cannot make up his mind on anything." Dan Hannan, writing in "The Daily Telegraph" blog, said "at last someone draws attention to Nick Clegg's referendum hypocrisy".
Both the "Evening Standard" and "Sunday Express" reported that Seddon had been denied entry into the House of Commons while carrying leaflets with images of Nick Clegg mocked up as Vicky Pollard. On his way to see John Cryer MP, Seddon had the leaflets confiscated before being allowed entry.
Marginal constituency campaigns.
Following on from its activity in Sheffield the campaign announced via its website that they would be launching its follow up marginal constituency campaign in the months of June and July in the South East of England. The constituencies mentioned were Hendon, Brent Central, Hampstead and Kilburn, Ealing Central and Acton, Ealing North, Sutton and Cheam, Streatham, Watford, Hammersmith, Islington South and Finsbury, Kingston and Surbiton, Brentford and Isleworth, Enfield North.
No more EU Bail-out protest.
On the same day as EU leaders agreed to a new £96 billion bail-out for Greece, the campaign held a protest outside Her Majesty's Treasury in Westminster, declaring that no further bail-outs of Eurozone countries should take place without holding an EU Referendum. The Labour MP Kate Hoey who joined the protest said: "Our country needs an EU referendum. People are fed up that we have lost control of our destiny to Brussels."
Congress for an EU referendum.
The People's Pledge announced that on 22 October they are holding a one-day event in London at Westminster Central Hall. The participants will include MPs, journalists and businessmen. The Independent newspaper claimed that the Congress would be "the largest ever held for a referendum on Europe".'
In an article entitled "Euroscepticism isn’t just for Tories any more", the journalist Daniel Knowles writing in "The Spectator" asserts that the Congress could be the event in which the growing private eurosceptic views amongst MPs is manifested. "A particular flash point could come in October, when the People’s Pledge, a campaign group that wants to force an in-or-out referendum on the EU, hosts a rally. Several Labour and Conservative MPs are expected to attend, including some close to the government. David Cameron will be looking on with concern. He knows that nothing makes his party more mutinous than Europe." Dan Hannan writing in "The Daily Telegraph" urged all supporters of a referendum to attend saying that "this is the single most important issue facing us as a people". He also claimed that despite the best efforts of the campaign, they had so far been unable to get anyone to come and debate not having a referendum. "All three parties oppose an In/Out referendum, but no one will publicly admit the reason".
In the "Mail on Sunday" entitled "Cameron fears EU referendum revolt as MPs' vote looms", Brendan Carlin states that the congress for an EU referendum is timely given the in/our referendum vote in parliament a few weeks later. "The referendum vote move comes ahead of a major pro-referendum rally next Saturday in London, organised by the cross-party ‘People’s Pledge’ campaign". Dan Hannan reported in "The Daily Telegraph" that 2,000 people attended the congress.
The campaign were featured on the front page of "The Sunday Telegraph" on 23 October in a story titled "New euro 'empire' plot by Brussels", mention was made of the congress held on the Saturday. "Tory rebels were among speakers at a 'People’s Pledge' pro-referendum rally in Westminster. They included David Davis, the former shadow home secretary, who called the EU a 'nascent superstate'."
Congress speakers.
In the program for the day the following were listed to participate; Mark Seddon, Kate Hoey, David Davis, Douglas Carswell, Steve Baker, Ruth Lea, Mark Littlewood, Dan Hannan, Kelvin Hopkins, Lembit Opik, Jenny Jones, Zac Goldsmith, Richard Drax, Brian Denny, Bob Crow, Patricia McKenna, Dounne Alexander, Keith Vaz, Peter Bone, John Cryer, Graham Stringer, Nich Brown, Priti Patel, Mark Reckless, Dominic Raab, Mike Weatherley, Tim Montgomerie, Marta Andreasen, John Stevens, Richard Lamming Steve Radford
EU referendum vote in Parliament.
The Conservative MP David Nuttall secured the debate via the Backbench Business Committee and the vote was announced to be on 27 October. To coincide with the vote, the People's Pledge secured the mass lobby of parliament where thousands were expected to attend to lobby their MP. Hours after this was announced the government changed the voting day to three days earlier. This was described by Tory MP Peter Bone as "unprecedented manipulation of backbench business". The newspapers reported that the change of date was "designed to undermine a mass lobby organised by the People’s Pledge campaign for an EU referendum. The organisation was hoping thousands of supporters would be at Westminster next Thursday". In light of the change of date the Conservative MP David Nuttall asked whether the "Government will recompense anyone who planned to attend a lobby of Parliament next Thursday, organised by the People’s Pledge, but have now had to reorganise their travel plans as a result of the rescheduling of Government business?" In the same parliamentary debate Mark Reckless congratulated the campaign for "pressing for a referendum on Europe and the debate on Monday", The campaign subsequently re booked the lobby for the day of the vote.
In a letter circulated to all MPs on the day of the vote, the Conservative MP Steve Baker claimed the public appetite for the vote could be seen with the strength of support in each constituency for the People's Pledge campaign and the number of supporters that attended the Congress for an EU Referendum on Sat 22 October.
Polling.
Another YouGov poll commissioned by the campaign ahead of its launch found that, of 2,436 voters, 61% supported the idea of holding a referendum, with 25% opposing.
An opinion poll carried out by YouGov for the campaign showed that 54% would rather have a vote on whether Britain should remain members of the European Union than the 25% who wanted a vote on the Alternative Voting system.
To coincide with the proposed bailout of Portugal the campaign commissioned two further polls. It found that 65% were against Britain’s participation in bailing out Portugal, whilst only 19% were in favour. It also found that 55% say that if we do contribute to the bail out of Portugal then we should have a referendum on our continued membership of the EU. Only 25% were against having a referendum under these circumstances. The poll results were widely reported in various newspapers and were used by Seddon in his comment piece in the "Daily Express" on 8 April. and by the economist Ruth Lea in a thunderer piece in "The Times" on the same day.
In a piece for the "Evening Standard" entitled "Miliband 'can split the Coalition if he backs a poll on EU membership", a poll commissioned by the campaign found that 53 per cent of Labour supporters would back holding an "in-out" referendum. Some 76 per cent of Tory voters and 51 per cent of Lib-Dem supporters would also support a vote. Advisory Council member and former government whip Graham Stringer said: "If Ed wants a game changer, and we are not doing as well as we should be doing in the opinion polls, but if he wants to put the Conservatives into disarray, if he wants to change the public perception of him as a leader, then we the Labour Party need to say we want to listen to what the people are saying - we want your views on Europe".
Reactions.
While Seddon stated on its launch that what differentiated this new campaign was that the initiative had come from the left, the leader of the Labour party Ed Miliband told the "Daily Express" the same day that "It seems to me that we made a decision on Europe in 1975. I think it was the right decision."
A day before the official campaign launch, "The Daily Mail" featured the campaign in a lead article titled 'Give us a vote on our future in Europe: Cross-party campaign launched to secure historic referendum'. It claimed the campaign "hopes to emulate Barack Obama by harnessing the power of the internet to mobilise support in every constituency".
The campaign launch in Westminster was accompanied by a front page headline in support of the campaign 'New Hope to Get Out of EU', from the British tabloid newspaper the "Daily Express", who themselves had recently handed in a petition to Number 10 calling for a referendum, under the Express 'Crusade' banner 'Get Britain Out of the EU'.
The day before the official launch, Peter Hoskin writing for the political magazine "The Spectator" stated that, while there had been many previous campaigns for such a referendum, it cited the timing of the People's Pledge campaign as slightly more resonant, given the recent positions of the two parties that went on to form the governing coalition in 2010, and that polling suggested 54% of people would prefer to have a referendum on issue of the EU, instead of the 2011 referendum on the Alternative Vote brought about as part of the coalition agreement and scheduled for 5 May 2011, the first UK referendum since the 1975 EU membership referendum. Of the campaign's outcome, he stated that "at the very least, it might persuade some candidates to face up to, and meet, the tide of public opinion on Europe.", claiming that public support for leaving the EU had been steadily rising, and even a large number of non-Eurosceptics have wanted such a referendum for some time.
Caroline Crampton writing for "Total Politics" said "the campaign has pulled off a major coup by persuading touchy-feely Tory Zac Goldsmith to lend his support. Goldsmith, a star of the new intake, gives the campaign a way of rebutting the idea that this is a thinly veiled attempt to put pressure on the government to pull out of the EU. He lends credibility to their claim that this is just about democratic consultation".
Charles Moore writing in "The Spectator" said "the real power of this campaign will be seen in the selection of candidates. If constituencies can muster a few thousand Pledgers, anyone wishing to be an MP next time round will be wise to favour a referendum whether he or she wants in or out".
In his weekly column, Trevor Kavanagh of "The Sun" called the People's Pledge "the first serious, credible and accelerating campaign for a proper referendum since 1975", going on to say it was backed not only by traditional Eurosceptics but also by "major firms alarmed by soaring costs and dubious benefits". Chief political commentator at the "Daily Express" Patrick O'Flynn subsequently reported on the "rattling" effect the campaign was having on MPs less than a week after launching.
On 9 May 2011 the campaign was featured on BBC Radio 4's "Start the Week" program hosted by Andrew Marr. In a discussion with Denis MacShane, Ruth Lea noted that the People's Pledge campaign had a real chance of succeeding where others have failed before given the current political atmospherics and that it is "genuinely cross party and led from the left".

</doc>
<doc id="31193177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193177" title="Ventricular outflow tract obstruction">
Ventricular outflow tract obstruction

A ventricular outflow tract obstruction is one type of congenital heart defect in which either the right or left ventricular outflow tract is blocked or obstructed. These obstructions represent a spectrum of disorders.
Right side.
A right ventricular outflow tract obstruction (RVOTO) may be due to a defect in the pulmonic valve, the supravalvar region, the infundibulum, or the pulmonary artery.
Left side.
A left ventricular outflow tract obstruction (LVOTO) may be due to a defect in the aortic valve, or a defect located at the subvalvar or supravalvar level.

</doc>
<doc id="31193180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193180" title="Even Torkildsen Lande">
Even Torkildsen Lande

Even Torkildsen Lande (1758 – 1833) was a Norwegian farmer and politician. He was born in Bygland. He represented Råbyggelaget at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Thomas Bryn and Ole Knudsen Tvedten.

</doc>
<doc id="31193184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193184" title="Fejd">
Fejd

Fejd is a Swedish Neofolk band that started in 2001. While generally considered to be part of the folk metal scene, their music is significantly more folk-sounding (and less metal-sounding) than most other folk metal bands, making them somewhat difficult to classify.
History.
Between 2002 and 2006 they released four EPs. In 2008 they were signed by Napalm Records, and they released their first full length album, "Storm", in 2009. 2010 saw the release of their second album, "Eifur".
Personnel.
Patrik Rimmerfors - lead singer, bouzouki, säckpipa, jaw harp, hurdy-gurdy, cow antler, recorder, willow-pipe
Niklas Rimmerfors - nyckelharpa, secondary vocalist
Lennart Specht - keyboards
Thomas Antonsson - bass
Esko Salow - drums
Discography.
I En Tid Som Var - Demo (2002) 
Huldran - Demo (2004) 
Eld - EP (2006) 
Storm - Full-length (2009) 
Eifur - Full-length (2010)
Nagelfar - Full-length (2013)

</doc>
<doc id="31193189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193189" title="Tveitetunet">
Tveitetunet

Tveitetunet is a farm museum in Valle, Setesdal, Norway. It became part of Setesdal Museum in 1969. It consists of the courtyard and farm buildings of the farm Nordigard Tveiten, home of farmer and district sheriff Olav Knutsson Tveiten (1758-1837). The location is regularly used for exhibitions and cultural gatherings. 

</doc>
<doc id="31193215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193215" title="ABMRF/The Foundation for Alcohol Research">
ABMRF/The Foundation for Alcohol Research

ABMRF/The Foundation for Alcohol Research is a private, non-profit foundation supporting young investigators researching the effects of alcohol on health and behavior. The Foundation's mission is "To achieve a better understanding of the effects of alcohol on the health and behavior of individuals; To provide the scientific basis for the prevention, treatment and future cure of alcohol-use disorders; To fund innovative, high quality research; To support promising new investigators; To share information with the research community and other interested parties." Studies on the effects of alcohol consumption - highly innovative ideas, looking at alcohol in the context of many complex factors - are approved semi-annually by independent advisory committees, with grants being awarded to institutions in the United States, Canada and South Africa. Currently, the Foundation funds approximately $1.2 million in research grants and conference support annually. Over 260 institutions and more than 570 grantees in the United States, Canada and South Africa have been awarded grants since ABMRF's founding in 1982. The Foundation encourages open communication of research through peer-reviewed scientific journals and research conferences without any foundation review or approval, assuring quality and independence in science. To date, ABMRF grantees have amassed more than 2,300 articles, book chapters or scientific presentations based upon Foundation-funded research.
History.
ABMRF was founded in 1982 as the Alcoholic Beverage Medical Research Foundation (ABMRF). Prior to its founding, ABMRF’s predecessor organization was the Medical Advisory Group (MAG). Formed in 1969 under the administrative auspices of The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, the MAG was created to provide independent medical information on the health effects of alcoholic beverages and prevention of alcohol abuse to members of the brewing industry. The MAG was an esteemed council of physicians from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, Harvard University, Yale University and Dartmouth College. The MAG merged with a similar group in Canada, the Health Advisory Group. At this point, the Foundation became independent of Johns Hopkins and the Alcoholic Beverage Medical Research Foundation was formed, ensuring ironclad scientific independence from its financial contributors. Evaluating and recommending applications for research grants became the primary focus. Emphasis was placed on prevention rather than treatment, concentrating on short- and long-term effects of moderate drinking, why a minority of drinkers move beyond moderate to excessive intake, and prevention of alcohol misuse. These effects could be not only medical but also social and behavioral, so two advisory committees were born: the Medical and Biomedical Advisory Council and the Behavioral and Social Advisory Council. Following the highest scientific and academic traditions, all grant applications were peer-reviewed by a team of highly respected individuals serving on these councils.
Leadership.
Currently, the Foundation is led by Dr. Mack C. Mitchell, Jr., who was selected to serve as president in 1989 and also serves as vice chairman of internal medicine at University of Texas Southwestern Medical School. The Board of Trustees is chaired by Bruce M. Ambler, M.B.A., retired president and chief executive officer of Constellation Holdings. 
The Medical and Biomedical Advisory Council (MBAC) reviews applications in the biological, physiological and clinical sciences. The chair of the Medical and Biomedical Advisory Council is Dr. Laura E. Nagy, professor of molecular medicine at Cleveland Clinic and former ABMRF grantee. The Behavioral and Social Advisory Council (BSAC) reviews applications in the behavioral and social sciences. The BSAC is led by Dr. Kim Fromme, professor of psychology and director of Studies on Alcohol, Health and Risky Activities Lab at University of Texas at Austin and former ABMRF grantee. A team of highly respected leaders in the alcohol research community serve along with the chairs of the advisory councils to select the best and brightest investigators from academic and scientific institutions for an ABMRF grant award.
Prior to Dr. Mitchell's tenure, Dr. Thomas B. Turner, ABMRF's founder, served as president from 1982 - 1989. The first chairman of the Behavioral and Social Advisory Council was Dr. Alex Richman, chairman and professor of psychiatry and preventive medicine at Dalhousie University, and Dr. Brian MacMahon, professor and head of the department of epidemiology at the Harvard School of Public Health, chaired the Medical and Biomedical Advisory Council.
Grants Program.
ABMRF/The Foundation for Alcohol Research supports scientific studies on the use and prevention of misuse of alcohol. Promising young investigators at institutions in the United States, Canada and South Africa are eligible for funding. Young investigators should be independent, faculty members, who are either new to the field or a trained researcher beginning a new line of research. Nearly 75% of the grant awards go to researchers in instructor or assistant professor positions.
The Foundation accepts applications for grants to conduct research on important aspects of alcohol consumption and its effects. Of greatest importance to the Foundation are the transitions in drinking patterns and behavior; health effects of moderate alcohol use; behavioral and biomedical effects of alcohol, and biobehavioral studies on the etiology of alcohol misuse.
Grant awards are a maximum of $75,000 for each of two years, for a total of $150,000 for the two-year project. Applications are electronic and may be found on the Foundation's website.

</doc>
<doc id="31193226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193226" title="Robert (Bob) Jani">
Robert (Bob) Jani

Robert (Bob) Jani (1934-1989) was an American event producer who specialized in spectaculars. He is most recognized for his affiliation with the Walt Disney Company and some of its most famous entertainment events. He is also credited with producing the 1976 U.S. Bicentennial Celebration in New York Harbor and the Super Bowl half-time entertainment. In the latter part of his career, he rejuvenated the Radio City Music Hall stage show.
Early Years.
Jani was born in Los Angeles in 1934. He graduated from the University of Southern California (USC) with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Telecommunications and Stage Production and Design. He was 21 when he first joined the Disney organization as the head of the newly created Guest Relations Department at Disneyland in 1955.
Early career.
He became Director of Special Events for his alma mater USC after working as the Entertainment Director for the U.S. Army for two years. While working at USC, he is credited with the idea of Tommy Trojan riding Traveler 1 as the school's mascot.
Disney Legacy.
In 1961, Jani formed Pacific Pageants, his own private event company. However, by 1967, he rejoined the Disney Organization as Director of Entertainment, replacing his predecessor, Tommy Walker. He quickly rose to vice president, and then to creative director of Walt Disney Productions. Jani created much of the live entertainment that has become a standard at Disneyland and Walt Disney World. Among his many achievements were America on Parade and, perhaps his greatest Disney legacy, The Main Street Electrical Parade. The Main Street Electrical Parade was designed by Hub Braden, and the original electric parade units built by a display company in Chicago, Illinois. The Walt Disney Company inducted Bob Jani into its "Disney Legends" program in 2005. Established in 1987, The Disney Legends program acknowledges and honors the individuals whose imagination, talents and dreams have created Disney magic. The Disney organization dedicated a window on Main Street at Disneyland to Jani.
Later career.
Bob Jani produced the Richard Nixon Washington D.C. 4h of July Inaugural "Honor America Day" in 1976. Bob Jani had his Disneyland Entertainment designer Hub Braden, (as a service volunteer Democrat), design the raised show stage platform and framing structure. Braden had his twin brother John Braden, (as a service volunteer Republican), a staff ABC-NY TV Art Director, supervise set construction and installation at the Washington, D.C. Park presentation sight. This Washington D.C. 4 July celebration has become an annual City, National and televised event.
In 1978, he formed Robert F. Jani Productions, Inc. and left Disney. Through his own production company, he revitalized Radio City Music Hall's "Magnificent Christmas Spectacular." From 1979 to 1982, he was in charge of all live stage productions and reestablished this New York City landmark from its decade of decline as "The Showplace of the Nation."
Among the other spectacular undertakings he produced in the 5,882-seat theater were "America," which had a 27-week record run, and "Encore" and "Manhattan Showboat," which received critical and public acclaim.
Jani created the master plan for the opening and closing ceremonies of the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, but he did not provide the staging which eventually was awarded to David L. Wolper. Jani was also artistic director for the Hollywood Bowl, producer of several television specials, and master plan consultant for Disneyland Paris and Disney-MGM Studios at Walt Disney World. He worked worldwide as producer and production consultant during his last years. Along with Tommy Walker and Andrea Elizabeth Michaels,he is noted as an event industry pioneer.
Death.
Robert Jani died in August 1989 at his Palos Verdes Estates home after a three-year struggle with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, known commonly as Lou Gehrig's disease. He was 54.

</doc>
<doc id="31193229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193229" title="Eric Bertram Rowcroft">
Eric Bertram Rowcroft

Major General Sir Eric Bertram Rowcroft CB, KBE, M.I.Mech.E., M.I.E.E.; 1891 – 12 March 1963), was a British Army officer. His military career started in 1908 as a TA Officer in the Royal Engineers and retired at the rank of Major General in 1946. He is noted for his involvement in the formation of The Corps of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME) and the planning of Operation Overlord.
Military career.
After his initial involvement with the TA, Rowcroft received his commission in 1911 after he passed out of Sandhurst into the Army Service Corps. At the outbreak of The First World War he served with the BEF overseas serving with various mechanical transport units. By 1918, Rowcroft worked at the War Office in a technical capacity. During the interwar period he served in India, Ceylon and even at the Tank Inspection Department, at Woolwich Arsenal. His Army Career continued along the Technical route when in 1936 he was appointed Commander Royal Army Service Corps (RASC), 1st Div in Palestine.
Second World War.
On the outbreak of the Second World War, Rowcroft was in command of the RASC Training Battalion, back in the UK. However the repair and recovery element within the British Army was divided between the various service corps of the time, this was considered inefficient. By 1942 REME was formed to recover and maintain the army's equipment, both in the battlefield and in the rear area, with Rowcroft becoming its first Director. As part of his responsibilities as Director, he assisted in the planning of Operation Overlord; as a beach invasion on such a vast scale, the operation posed enormous engineering challenges, chief of which was the waterproofing and de-waterproofing of all British Army vehicles.
Later life.
For his efforts during the Second World War Rowcroft was appointed a Companion of the Order of Bath (CB) in 1944, and in 1946 on his retirement from the Army he became a Knight of the Order of the British Empire (KBE). However, his involvement in the REME continued until 1956, as he served in the capacity of Colonel Commandant. During his later years he got heavily involved in local affairs in his home town of Lyme Regis, where he died in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="31193240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193240" title="Lívia Gyarmathy">
Lívia Gyarmathy

Lívia Gyarmathy (born 8 January 1932) is a Hungarian film director and screenwriter. She has directed over 20 films since 1962. She was a member of the jury at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31193242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193242" title="Minuscule 858 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 858 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 858 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε423 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has complex context.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels and the Pauline epistles on 588 paper leaves (size in the Gospels, in the Pauline epistles). The text of the Gospels is written in one column per page, 48 lines per page. The text of the Pauline epistles is written in one column per page, and 24 lines per page.
It contains a commentary of Theophylact's authorship.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in any Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
F. H. A. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 15th century, C. R. Gregory dated it to the 14th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (671e) and Gregory (858e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Gr. 647), in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31193245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193245" title="Hurricane Fly">
Hurricane Fly

victory at the Punchestown Champion Hurdle equaling the record for Grade 1 wins held by Kauto Star and John Henry. He took sole possession of the record when winning the Morgiana Hurdle on 17 November 2013.
Background.
Hurricane Fly is a small bay horse with a white star bred in Ireland by the Italian Agricola Del Parco. He is one of many top-class horses sired by Montjeu. Others include the Derby winners Pour Moi, Authorized, Camelot and Motivator, the St Leger winners Scorpion and Masked Marvel and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Hurricane Run.
Hurricane Fly was originally sent into training with Jean-Louis Pelletan in France.
Racing career.
2006 & 2007 seasons: Flat racing.
As a two-year-old in France in 2006, Hurricane Fly ran four times, failing to win but finishing second twice. In the following year he won two races including the listed Prix Omnium II (beating the subsequent Champion Stakes winner Literato) but finished well beaten when moved up to Group class in races such as the Prix Daphnis, Prix de Guiche and Prix Eugene Adam. In late 2007 the horse was sold to George Creighton and was transferred to the stable of Willie Mullins at Muine Bheag, County Carlow in Ireland to be trained for a National Hunt career.
2008/2009 season: Novice hurdles.
In his first season as a jumper, Hurricane Fly competed in Novice Hurdle races, restricted to horses who had not won a hurdle race before the start of the season. He won a race at Punchestown Racecourse in May and then returned to France to win the GradeThree Gras Savoye Prix de Longchamp Hurdle at Auteuil. Racing over the same course and distance in June he finished second to Grivette in the Grade One Prix Alain de Breil, finishing just ahead of his stable companion Quevega. Returning to Ireland later in the year he recorded his first Grade One win when beating Donnas Palm by a neck in the Royal Bond Novice Hurdle at Fairyhouse Racecourse in November and followed up by winning the Future Champions Novice Hurdle at Leopardstown Racecourse a month later, beating Go Native by ten lengths. In the following spring he bypassed the Cheltenham Festival in March, but ran at Punchestown Festival in April, where he won the Evening Herald Champion Novice Hurdle by seven lengths.
2009/2010 season: Senior hurdles.
On his first appearance as a senior hurdler, Hurricane Fly started the 8/13 favourite for the Punchestown Hurdle, but finished third of the four runners behind Solwhit. On his only other appearance of the season returned to Punchestown in April and defeated Solwhit by a neck in the Punchestown Champion Hurdle: the other beaten horses included Thousand Stars, Dunguib, Voler la Vedette and Punjabi.
2010/2011 season.
Hurricane Fly was undefeated in five starts in the 2010/2011 National Hunt season. In December he defeated Solwhit in two Group One races: the Hatton's Grace Hurdle at Fairyhouse and the December Festival Hurdle at Leopardstown. In January he won the Irish Champion Hurdle and was then sent to the Cheltenham Festival for the first time to contest the Champion Hurdle. Racing for the first time in England, he started the 11/4 favourite in a field of eleven runners and was ridden by Ruby Walsh. He took the lead at the last flight of hurdles and won by one and a quarter lengths from Peddlers Cross. After the race Walsh described the winner as a "deserved champion" and "a great horse". Hurricane Fly ended his season by beating Thousand Stars by five lengths in the Punchestown Champion Hurdle on 6 May.
2011/2012 season.
After a break of more than eight months, Hurricane Fly returned to the racecourse in January 2012 to contest the Irish Champion Hurdle. He started favourite at odds of 4/5 and won by six and a half lengths from Oscar's Well. In March he returned to Cheltenham to defend the Champion Hurdle and was made 4/6 favourite in a field of ten runners. He was held up in the early stages and made steady progress in the last half mile, but was unable to reach the leaders and finished third behind Rock On Ruby and Overturn. On his only other start of the season he won the Punchestown Champion Hurdle for the third time, beatind Zaidpour by two and a half lengths.
2012/2013 season.
Having failed to convince in the latter part of the 2011/2012 season the 'Fly's' doubters were aplenty. Hurricane Fly began the 2012/2013 season in brilliant fashion by winning the Morgiana Hurdle in November by twelve lengths from Captain Cee Bee. On 29 December the gelding won his thirteenth Grade One race when he won the December Festival Hurdle by seven lengths. Hurricane Fly won his third consecutive Irish Champion Hurdle on 27 January, beating Thousand Stars by five lengths with Binocular in third place. After the race Mullins expressed the view that the gelding had returned to his best form. In the lead up to Cheltenham it was clear that many pundits and bookies still doubted whether the 2011 champion could act on the track. Paddy Power gave a money back special that if Hurricane Fly won, all losing bets would be refunded. A huge crowd travelled over from Ireland in expectation of what was about to unfold and to support their hero, Hurricane Fly.
On 12 March 2013 at Cheltenham, Hurricane Fly attempted to become the first horse since Comedy of Errors in 1975 to regain the Cheltenham Champion Hurdle. Ridden by Ruby Walsh, he was backed from 9/4 in the morning into an SP of 13/8 favourite against eight opponents, including 2012 champion Rock On Ruby and 2010 champion Binocular. After going through a flat spot and appearing to struggle early in the race, Hurricane Fly tracked the front-running Rock On Ruby before coming back on the bridle coming around the home bend and taking the lead after the second last hurdle. Once he hit the front it was obvious he would not be passed. He won by an impressive two and a half lengths from the 2012 champion, Rock On Ruby with Countrywide Flame in third place. Hurricane Fly returned to the winners enclosure to a rapturous reception from the crowd and cemented his place in history following this performance.
On 26 April Hurricane Fly ended his season by winning his 16th grade one race, equalling legendary chaser Kauto Star and American flat champion John Henry. This was also Hurricane Fly's fourth consecutive Punchestown Champion Hurdle, he comfortably beat Thousand Stars by seven lengths with Rock On Ruby back in third.
2013/2014 season.
Hurricane Fly began his next season in the Morgiana Hurdle at Punchestown on 17 November. Starting the 1/16 favourite he created a new world record by recording his 17th Grade I success, but was not particularly impressive in beating Marito by one and a quarter lengths. Both Mullins and Walsh stated that the gelding would improve significantly for the race. On 29 December, in the Ryanair Hurdle at Leopardstown, Hurricane Fly took on two of the best young hurdlers in Ireland: Our Conor the winner of the 2013 Triumph Hurdle and Jezki, the winner of the 2013 Hatton's Grace Hurdle. Hurricane Fly took the lead approaching the final hurdle and won by two and a half lengths from Jezki, with Our Conor three and a quarter lengths back in third place. 
He headed a list of 18 entries for the 2014 incarnation of the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham, announced on 16 January 2014. On 26 January Hurricane Fly attempted to win the Irish Champion Hurdle for fourth time. Starting the 4/7 favourite, he took the lead approaching the last hurdle and fought back after being headed to win by one and a half lengths from Our Conor with Captain Cee Bee third and Jezki the last of four. Hurricane Fly started 11/4 favourite to win his third Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham on 11 March. He briefly disputed the lead after the second last, but eventually finished fourth behind Jezki, My Tent Or Yours and The New One.

</doc>
<doc id="31193255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193255" title="List of buildings and structures in São Tomé and Príncipe">
List of buildings and structures in São Tomé and Príncipe

A list of buildings and structures in São Tomé and Príncipe:

</doc>
<doc id="31193309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193309" title="Felicia (pharmacy)">
Felicia (pharmacy)

Felicia is a leading pharmacy chain in Moldova, with outlets throughout the country. Felicia is the first private pharmacy chain in Moldova. 
History.
Felicia was established in 1997, by Dorian Berdos. The company introduced in 2005 a new concept for Moldova, the first pharma-market (health & beauty pharmacy). As of 2012, there are over 100 pharmacies across Moldova.

</doc>
<doc id="31193311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193311" title="Kelly Overton">
Kelly Overton

Kelly Overton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31193315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193315" title="Orrin Devinsky">
Orrin Devinsky

Orrin Devinsky, M.D. (born February 12, 1957) is the Director of the NYU Comprehensive Epilepsy Center and the Saint Barnabas Institute of Neurology and Neurosurgery (INN). He is also a Professor of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Psychiatry at NYU Langone School of Medicine. Devinsky specializes in epilepsy and behavioral neurology.
Education and academic career.
Devinsky was mentored by Norman Geschwind, who stimulated his interest in both epilepsy and behavioral neurology.
He received his B.S. and M.S. from Yale University (1977) and his M.D. from Harvard Medical School (1982). He interned at Boston's Beth Israel Hospital, completed neurology training at the New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center, and his epilepsy fellowship at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
Devinsky arrived at Saint Barnabas Medical Center in 1998. In 2009, Saint Barnabas’ Neurology and Neurosurgery Program became the first in New Jersey to make U.S. News & World Report top 50 in the nation list.
Devinsky directs The Comprehensive Epilepsy Center (CEC) at New York University Langone Medical Center. The CEC has 16 inpatient video-EEG-monitored beds in a specialized Epilepsy Monitoring Unit. Each bed has the capacity for 64 channels of EEG data with on-line computer analysis for 24-hour seizure and spike detection.
He has chaired several committees of the American Epilepsy Society and has served as a Board member. He is active in the American Academy of Neurology and the Epilepsy Foundation. He is an associate editor of Epilepsy and Behavior and co-founded Reviews in Neurological Disorders, and serves as a reviewer for more than 30 journals.
Devinsky founded Finding A Cure for Epilepsy and Seizures (FACES) and co-founded epilepsy.com. He co-founded the Epilepsy Therapy Project, where he serves as the Vice President for Translational programs.
Devinsky has appeared on many television news programs, including NBC Nightly News, Today Show, and Good Morning America, and he has been featured several times on Mystery Diagnosis. He was invited to the White House to ask President Obama a question about Health Care.
Research.
Devinsky's epilepsy research interests include translational therapies, sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP), devices to deliver drugs directly to the brain, quality of life, cognitive and behavioral issues in epilepsy, surgical therapy, and new medications. Other areas of active interest include autism, tuberous sclerosis, and head trauma.
Devinsky serves as the director of the Phenome Core for the Epilepsy Phenome/Genome Project, funded by an NIH multi-institutional grant. Devinsky and his co-investigators are conducting studies of several investigational antiepileptic medications such as topiramate, tiagabine, lamotrigine, vigabatrin, oxcarbazepine, and remacemide, as well as vagal nerve stimulator implantation. He is also collaborating with other researchers to develop a device to deliver antiepileptic drugs directly to the brain to treat seizures.
He was involved in pivotal drug studies for felbamate, oxcarbazepine, intravenous valproate and other drugs. He was the lead investigator of the Quality of Life in Epilepsy group that developed the four inventories that were translated into many languages and used in over 150 academic studies.
Publications.
Articles.
Devinsky has published more than 350 articles and book chapters.
Books.
Devinsky has authored more than 20 books and monographs.
Alternative Therapies for Epilepsy (Orrin Devinsky,Steven C. Schachter, Steven V. Pacia) 2012
Epilepsy (Orrin Devinsky) 2007
Complementary and Alternative Therapies for Epilepsy (Orrin Devinsky,Steven C. Schachter, and Steven V. Pacia) 2005
Managing Epilepsy and Co-Existing Disorders, i.e. (Alan B. Ettinger and Orrin Devinsky) 2001
Epilepsy and Developmental Disabilities, 1e (Orrin Devinsky and Lauren Westbrook) 2001
Examination of the Cranial and Peripheral Nerves, i.e. (Orrin Devinsky and Edward Feldman) 1987
Neurological Complications of Pregnancy (Advances in Neurology) (Orrin Devinsky, Edward Feldmann, and Brian Hainline) 1994

</doc>
<doc id="31193321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193321" title="Katta Maisamma temple">
Katta Maisamma temple

Katta Maisamma temple is an Hindu temple located at Tank Bund in Hyderabad. It is popular during the time of Bonalu festival.
Location.
Kanakala Katta Maisamma temple is located on Lower Tank Bund. Katta Maisamma Temple is one of the most significant temples in the city of Hyderabad. This temple is located on lower Tank Bund road, near Indira Park, in between Hyderabad and Secunderabad.
Katta Maisamma Temple of Hyderabad is principally dedicated to the Mother Goddess Maisamma. The Goddess is an epitome of 'Shakti' or strength. It is faithfully believed that the worship of this goddess in the Katta Maisamma Temple imparts power within a person by virtue of which he or she can win over all the adversities of life.
Katta denotes a bridge across a river or a lake. The people living in Andhra Pradesh's Telangana region established the Katta Maisamma Temple to procure the Goddesses' favor and blessing for the well being of the people crossing the bridge.
In the month of Ashad (July), the temple witnesses a large crowd of devotees for the "Bonalu" festival. The month of Karthik is also marked here with grand celebrations.Even Hyderabad Nizam used to give offering to goddess in this ashad month for safety of Hyderabad (during massive floods in Hyderabad in 1908, Nizam mahboob ali khan done offering to goddess on banks of hussain sagar lake (tributary of musi river) and immediately floods where under control which saved Hyderabad from devastating damage) 
The people in Andhra Pradesh have depicted 'Katta Maisamma' as the supreme power. She has been looked upon as the all powerful, the eternal, as well as the giver of health, prosperity and happiness. 'Mother Maisamma' in the Katta Maisamma Temple in Hyderabad is religiously worshiped with great faith and devotion.

</doc>
<doc id="31193338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193338" title="Febronia">
Febronia

Febronia may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31193369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193369" title="List of buildings and structures in Cape Verde">
List of buildings and structures in Cape Verde

A list of buildings and structures in Cape Verde:

</doc>
<doc id="31193441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193441" title="Chrysotus elegans">
Chrysotus elegans

Chrysotus elegans is a fly species in the genus of "Chrysotus" found in Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="31193450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193450" title="Frank Gorman (diver)">
Frank Gorman (diver)

Francis Xavier "Frank" Gorman (born November 11, 1937 in New York, New York) is a former American diver. He represented the United States at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where he received a silver medal in men's 3 metre springboard.

</doc>
<doc id="31193456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193456" title="HRHS">
HRHS

HRHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31193464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193464" title="Hose Station No. 4">
Hose Station No. 4

Hose Station No. 4 is located in the Village of East Davenport in Davenport, Iowa, United States. It is a contributing property of the Davenport Village Historic District that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1980. The fire station was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993. It is one of two old fire stations on the east side of the city that are still in existence. The other one is Davenport Hose Station No. 3. The building sits adjacent to Lindsay Park and now houses the International Fire Museum.
History.
The first group of volunteer firefighters in Davenport were organized in 1856 and called the Independent Fire Engine and Hose Company. The city’s first fire house, Hose Station No. 1, was built on Perry Street in 1877 for the Fire King Engine 2nd Hose Company. In the first decades of the 20th century the city built other small hose stations throughout the city such as Hose Station No. 4. 
The Davenport Fire Antique & Restoration Society was formed by four members of the Davenport Fire Department in 1984. They acquired Hose Station No. 4 and opened the museum in 1986. The museum contains artifacts and photographs pertaining to firefighting throughout the world. It includes a 1951 Mack pumper from Riverdale, Iowa.
Architecture.
The station was designed in the Italianate style. It features a rectangular plan, hipped roof covered in tile and a short tower in back where the hoses dried. The red brick exterior features quoined corners in brick. A single pair of fire-house doors, behind which the firefighting equipment was stored, fronted Eleventh Street. The pedestrian entrance was along the side of the building. Two large rectangular windows are above the fire-house doors and a dormer is on the roof above the main façade.
See also.
Other Davenport fire stations on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="31193474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193474" title="Indian Chartered Accountancy Course">
Indian Chartered Accountancy Course

The Indian Chartered Accountancy Course is the membership qualification course offered by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). Any person who wants to become a member of ICAI and designate himself as a Chartered Accountant in India has to pass this course. There are presently around two lakh members of ICAI. It is a prestigious group who are available for assessing the income of a country with a population of 121 crore ( record 2011 ) .They collect 70% of the revenue of The Government of India.This course is an optimum blend of practical and theoretical education. It consists of three levels of examinations and three years of practical training under a practising Chartered Accountant. The Chartered Accountancy course is considered to be one of the rigorous professional courses in India but not difficult if one puts his/ her fullest efforts.The efforts are worth because the benefits that one reaps post- qualification are much higher in magnitude. 
Final.
CA Final Examination is the last and final level of Chartered Accountancy Examinations. Any person who has passed both the groups of IPCC, during the last six months of articleship can take the Final Examination. This exam consists of two groups of four papers each, for a total of eight papers.
Articled and industrial training.
After passing Group - I of IPCC or candidate through direct entry after completing U.G or P.G, a candidate must undergo a rigorous 3 year on-the-job training as article or audit assistant, "articleship". Only members in practice are entitled to hire the student as an articled assistant.
GMCS.
General Management and Communication Skills Course or GMCS is a 15 day mandatory course and was introduced in 2003 to improve business communication, presentation and interpersonal skills of Chartered Accountants. Completion of the course is a pre-requisite for obtaining membership and can be taken twice, once during the first year of the articleship training and second during the last 12 months of Articleship, before or after appearing for the final examinations.
Discrimination.
Common Proficiency Test is conducted in English and Hindi only making it harder for the regional language 12th standard students, Tamil, Gujarati, Marathi, Bengali, Kannada, Telugu... are prominent. Gujarati Sahitya Parishad, 100 years old literary organisation files a PIL in Gujarat High Court for conducting entrances in Gujarati and marathi languages also.

</doc>
<doc id="31193483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193483" title="Sousa Esporte Clube">
Sousa Esporte Clube

Sousa Esporte Clube, commonly known as Sousa, is a Brazilian football team based in Sousa, Paraíba state. They competed in the Série C and in the Copa do Brasil three times.
History.
The club was founded on July 10, 1991. Sousa won the Campeonato Paraibano Second Level in 1991, and the Campeonato Paraibano in 1994 and in 2009. They competed in the Série C in 1994, when they eliminated in the Second Stage by CSA. Sousa competed in the Copa do Brasil for the first time in 1995, when they were eliminated in the prelimanary round by Flamengo. They competed in the Série C in 1995, when they were eliminated in the Third Stage by Icasa. The club was eliminated in Third Stage by Sergipe in the 2003 Série C. Sousa competed again in the Copa do Brasil in 2008, when they were eliminated in the first round by Vitória. The club competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2010, when they were eliminated in the first round by Vasco.
Stadium.
Sousa Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Governador Antônio Mariz, nicknamed "Marizão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31193489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193489" title="Tom Gompf">
Tom Gompf

Thomas Eugen ("Tom") Gompf (born March 17, 1939 in Dayton, Ohio) is a former American diver. He represented the United States at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where he received a bronze medal in men's 10 metre platform.

</doc>
<doc id="31193502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193502" title="Chrysopilus elegans">
Chrysopilus elegans

Chrysopilus elegans is a snipe fly species in the genus "Chrysopilus" found from Costa Rica to Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="31193514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193514" title="Azamabad Industrial Estate">
Azamabad Industrial Estate

Azamabad Industrial Estate is an Industrial estate located in Hyderabad, India. It is located in Azamabad.
Many historic companies are located which include VST Industries. 
A power plant, Azamabad Thermal Power Estate was operationalized in 1956. 
History.
Azamabad Industrial Estate was built during the time of the Nizam. 

</doc>
<doc id="31193519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193519" title="Ramanathapuram C S Murugabhoopathy">
Ramanathapuram C S Murugabhoopathy

Ramanathapuram C. S. Murugabhoopathy (February 14, 1914 — March 21, 1998), popularly referred to as CSM, was one of the most distinguished Mridanga maestros of the 20th century. He was a contemporary of Palghat Mani Iyer (1912–1981) and Palani Subramania Pillai (1908–1962). The three legends are revered as the "Holy Trinity of Mridanga".
Early life.
Born in the town of Ramanathapuram (also known as Ramnad) in Tamil Nadu, Murugabhoopathy obtained his early lessons in Mridanga from his father Chitsabai Servai (also Sirchabai Servai) and later on from Palani Muttiah Pillai (the father of Palani Subramania Pillai), both of whom were students of the great Pudukottai Manpoondia Pillai (read as Maamudia Pillai). Murugabhoopathy’s elder brother C. S. Sankarasivam Bhagavatar was a strong influence in the development of Murugabhoopathy's musical style. A young CSM picked up many tips from legendary percussionists including Kumbhakonam Azhaganambi Pillai, who taught him some intricate techniques of playing with his left hand.
Major Performances.
Murugabhoopathy accompanied many carnatic stalwarts such as Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar, Chittoor Subramania Pillai, Musiri Subramania Iyer, and Dandapani Deshikar. CSM benefited a lot from the generous promotion and support given by Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer. He later on played alongside G. N. Balasubramaniam, Madurai Mani Iyer, M. D. Ramanathan, Ramnad Krishnan, T. M. Thyagarajan, Maharajapuram Santhanam, Madurai Somasundaram, Madurai T N Sheshgopalan, T.R.Mahalingam(flute), Mysore V. Doreswamy Iyengar (veena), Tirumakudalu Chowdiah (violin), T. N. Krishnan (violin), Lalgudi Jayaraman (violin) and other leading musicians in many concerts.
Legacy.
CSM improvised the left hand playing technique with innovative movements of split fingers. He was renowned for his unmatched sense of pitch, tonal purity and meaningful silent pauses while following the main artiste. Clarity even during very high speed renditions was one of the hallmarks of his "thani aavarthanes" (solos). CSM also developed many unique patterns and lessons and established a new playing style. 
Some of his notable students include Mavilekkara Shankarakutty Nair, Karaikudi Krishnamurthy (Singapore & London), Kumbakonam Premkumar (AIR Delhi), and B. Druvaraj (Bangalore). His most famous student was the Khanjira wizard G. Harishankar (AIR Madras).
The Mridanga trinity influenced one another and drew inspiration by listening to one another. It is a fact that Palani Subramania Pillia, who rarely played the Khanjira in live concerts (although he was extremely good at it), played on a Khanjira only with two Mridangists. One of course was Palghat Mani Iyer and the other was C S Murugabhoopathy.

</doc>
<doc id="31193522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193522" title="Firehole Ranch">
Firehole Ranch

Firehole Ranch is a private 640-acre guest ranch located on Hebgen Lake in Gallatin County, Montana.
Owned and operated by Lynda Caine since 1999, Firehole Ranch was founded in the late 1890s as Watkins Creek Ranch by George S. Watkins. Originally much larger, Watkins Creek Ranch sold much of its land to the Madison Power and Light Company in 1904 to make way for the Hebgen Lake Dam. Much of Watkins’ cattle were sold to Yellowstone National Park while the remaining land was converted into a dude ranch.
Firehole Ranch was entered into the National Register of Historic Places under the name Watkins Creek Ranch on December 27, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31193531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193531" title="Kartli Stadium">
Kartli Stadium

Kartli Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gori, Georgia. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Spartaki Tskhinvali. The stadium is able to hold 1,500 people.
See also.
Stadiums in Georgia

</doc>
<doc id="31193532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193532" title="Metabolic age">
Metabolic age

Metabolic Age refers to a number calculated by comparing your Basal Metabolic Rate to the Basal Metabolic Rate average of your chronological age group.
Chronological age is your age in calendar years. Basal metabolic rate is the amount of energy consumed per unit of time when all environmental factors are considered neutral, the digestive system is in a post-absorptive state (meaning that the digestive system is inactive, which requires about twelve hours of fasting in humans), and the energy expenditure is only sufficient to support normal functioning of the vital organs, the heart, lungs, nervous system, kidneys, liver, intestine, sex organs, muscles, and skin. Formulas for calculating basal metabolic rate take into account age, weight, height, activity level, body fat mass, and lean body mass.
All the components in the body require various levels of energy to be maintained. Body fat requires much less energy than lean muscle, as lean muscle is much more metabolically active and therefore requires more energy expenditure to remain in homeostasis. If comparing two individuals, with all variables being equal, the person with more lean muscle mass will have a higher basal metabolic rate, and therefore, a lower metabolic age in comparison to those with the identical chronological age.
An individual's metabolic age will vary depending how their calculated basal metabolic rate compares to others of the same chronological age. Metabolic age is a new term used in the health and fitness industry to describe overall fitness and metabolic activity. Examining metabolic age will give insights to the overall level of health and wellness in comparison to those of the same age. Improving personal fitness is a main concern of most health-conscious individuals.:
Metabolic age is a reflection of physical health in the form of a calculation based on the base metabolic rate (BMR). If someone's metabolic age is lower than his or her actual age, it suggests that the body is in good health, while a metabolic age higher than the actual age indicates that someone may be experiencing health problems. This measurement is one among many which can be used to assess health, and people should avoid putting too much weight on it; a more complete assessment of physical health can be obtained from a doctor, who may also have suggestions to improve health.
References.
153
153
13.12
581.15
435

</doc>
<doc id="31193534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193534" title="College of Science, Technology and Applied Arts of Trinidad and Tobago">
College of Science, Technology and Applied Arts of Trinidad and Tobago

The College of Science, Technology and Applied Arts of Trinidad and Tobago (COSTAATT) is a non-public, multi-campus college in Trinidad and Tobago. 

</doc>
<doc id="31193541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193541" title="Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988">
Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988

The Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 (, ) is a major law of the so-called "War on Drugs" passed by the U.S. Congress which did two significant things:
The media campaign mentioned in the act later became the National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="31193548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193548" title="Bolt (character)">
Bolt (character)

Bolt is a fictional American White German Shepherd Dog, and the protagonist of the 2008 animated film "Bolt". In the film, he is voiced by John Travolta. His journey and the personal evolution it provokes in him embodies the movie's main themes regarding trust and loyalty.
In the film, he has spent his entire life from early puppyhood on the set of a television show, kept isolated from the outside world. In the show, Bolt must use his superpowers to save his owner and co-star Penny, whom he loves dearly, from the evil Dr. Calico. However, Bolt believes that he actually has the superpowers possessed by his television character, a delusion the directors of the show maintain by tricking Bolt, week after week, into thinking his adventures are real, in order to make his performance more authentic.
The character Bolt was created by Chris Williams and Byron Howard together with the chief character designer Joe Moshier. Much of the inspiration for the character was provided by John Lasseter.
Development.
Characterization and Design.
The character known as Bolt initially started out as red, bipedal dog named Henry as designed by Chris Sanders. He, in difference to Bolt, would be aware of the fact that he is an actor. Henry, as well as Sander’s idea for the movie, was eventually scrapped when John Lasseter and some colleagues from Pixar reviewed the project. The character was subsequently redesigned and made into an White German Shepherd Dog, although changes were done to the muzzle, ears and overall body-structure to give the character a more distinctive and expressive appearance. To make Bolt’s movement seem more realistic and in-line with that of real canines, the animation department studied the body language and locomotion of real white shepherds and utilized virtual bone-structure in the CGI-models.
Personality-wise, the new Bolt would be more naïve and insecure conveying more pathos than Henry. At the same time, the art department worked to give Bolt a whimsical nature with a pose which excels confidence, thus allowing the character to have a contrasty personality and a body language which reflects that.
Voice work.
John Travolta was chosen to do the voice work for Bolt. Despite a history of turning down voice over offers for animated characters, Travolta agreed to provide the voice for Bolt as he, according to the actor himself, “indicated as the right character”. In an interview with CBS, Travolta explained that he was intrigued with Bolt’s personality after reading the script. “When I read this script and saw this character, so guileless, so kind of naive and fun and touching I just said to myself; maybe this is the one to do”. When recording the dialog for Bolt’ the animators would film Travolta’s facial expressions and use when sketching the storyboard and animating Bolt’s mimics. Travolta took inspiration from his performance from earlier action movies such as "Broken Arrow" and "Face/Off", mixing it up with a certain naiveté and guilelessness suitable for Bolt’s character.
Physical appearance.
Bolt’s breed is not defined in the movie but the animators based him on the White German Shepherd Dog, his big, erect ears and long, brushy tail being the most prominent indicators. Most of the time, his ears are standing vigilantly erect over his head which matches his intent personality and sharp profile, and allowed the animators to emphasize his expressiveness as they leave his face uncovered.
Bolt is a medium sized dog with a height at the wither of 50 cm and a creamy white coat. Bolt has a strong neck with thick, double-coated fur, which is raised when excited and lowered while running, much like a real shepherd dog. The difference between Bolt’s back head and furry neck is not very defined. Bolt’s appearance is “softer” than a normal German Shepherd with a more curved outline, thick, rounded legs and domed forehead. The "normal" Shepherd has longer, thinner legs and a more meager appearance.
Bolt’s coat is a creamy white and his fur differs in thickness as it is short haired over his belly, flanks and back, and a bit thicker over his neck. The animators worked much with Bolt’s fur so that it would seem soft and fluffy with every hair moving in a realistic way. Special animation software was used by the production team to animate and render Bolt's more than 200 000 hairs. During the making of the movie, having Bolt’s white fur getting smudged and dirty was a bit of a challenge according to the animators.
Background.
From early puppyhood, Bolt has been playing the lead in a popular TV-show where he is a genetically altered superdog with superpowers such as the ability to shoot lasers from his eyes and the iconic “superbark”. His mission is to protect his owner Penny, a child actress, from the evil villain Doctor Calico. Although the dog’s love and concern for Penny is authentic, everything else about his life is, unbeknownst to Bolt, entirely fake. The programme makers are intentionally setting up the show with extensive scenography and real-time special effects in a way to condition the young canine into believing the fiction around him is real and that his owner is in immediate danger. For the experiment to work, Bolt is not allowed to get a glimpse of reality and is therefore locked in a trailer inside the studio where he is allowed to spend a few minutes together with Penny after each shooting.
When the director ends an episode with a “cliff-hanger” in an attempt to boost ratings, Bolt escapes his trailer convinced that Penny is in mortal danger. In the process, he knocks himself unconscious and ends up in a shipping box packed with Styrofoam, and is subsequently shipped to New York.
Stranded in the real world, Bolt initially and unsuccessfully attempts to recreate the stunts from the TV-show, repeatedly hurting himself in the process. He eventually realizes that his sense of a reality, and therefore his sense of identity, has been severely screwed, although he still holds on the hope that Penny’s love for him was real and not faked. With the help of Mittens, an abandoned street cat, and Rhino, a fearless, TV-obsessed hamster and Bolt fan, who help him recognize his limitations and come to terms with his self-realization, he embarks on a journey back to Hollywood where he is eventually rejoined with Penny after saving her from a burning sound-stage.
Personality.
Bolt is depicted in the film as having a very complex and multifaceted personality. When in the company of Mittens and Rhino, in the beginning of the movie, he is earnest, intent and introverted. The gradual process of self-realization did at times make him hostile towards Mittens who attempted to convince Bolt that he is delusional. However, after his epiphany, Bolt opened up to Mittens and trusted her to help him adjust to reality and teach him how to be a normal dog. When in the company of Penny, his owner, Bolt behaves much like a normal affectionate, albeit very protective dog.
Despite the handicap provided by his delusions, Bolt is portrayed as a highly intelligent character who is quick to adapt to new environment and find solutions to problems. When he can’t break into a U-haul truck with his laser vision, Bolt instead distracts nearby workers with a coin and sneaks in. When Bolt rescues Penny from the burning building, he is able to locate a ventilation shaft and bark to alert firemen outside, before succumbing to smoke inhalation.
During his entire journey, Bolt remained loyal to Penny, fixed on the goal of returning to her. After his brush with reality, Bolt also beings to open up to other characters in the film. His ability to trust other characters, despite the hardship he has been through is depicted as one of his most admirable characteristics.
Reception.
The character Bolt was met with generally positive critical reception with critics praising the animators' work with his body language, as well as Bolt's personality and expressiveness. A.O. Scott, writer for the New York Times said that “"Bolt is a cute enough little fellow and a winning personality and a nice voice"” and that “"his physical gestures and expressions turn him into a memorable, irresistible character"”. A critic for the Daily Express wrote that “"the wonderfully expressive features on Bolt make him feel almost real"”.
Many reviews praised the detailed and realistic animation of Bolt. The British newspaper The Daily Telegraph wrote that “"Bolt’s fur is startlingly real, and animal gestures are faithfully reproduced: Bolt savaging his favourite plastic toy, raising a front paw slightly when he hears a distant unidentified sound"”. Movie critic Brian Tallerico wrote ""Bolt is DAMN cute and shockingly well-rendered when it comes to his always moving hair”" "Many critics also praised John Travolta’s voice work with Bolt: critic Jeffrey M. Anderson who praised the actors “earnest and gentle voice performance”. Colin Covert, writer for StarTribune.com, wrote that "The dog's expressions are heart-rending as well as hilarious, and Travolta's vocal performance is utterly winning".
Other critics noted on the important values embodied by the character's process towards self-realization. "“Bolt's disastrous attempts at using his powers off the set get laughs at first, but they give way to important lessons about accepting your limitations while still believing you are special."” wrote Sean O'Connell from FilmCritic.com.
Josh Taylor from CinemaBlend, wrote“"This is a beautiful, big, epic story constructed for the sole purpose of saying something incredibly simple and emotional. Your dog loves you. Go home and give him a hug"."
Bolt was also included as the ”recommended pet dog” in FilmCritic.com list of ""The best Fantasy Creatures"”. Another example of the characters cultural impact was the "Superbark Contest" which took place in Finsbury Park, England, shortly after the movie’s release. Inspired by the titular character’s iconic superbark, dozens of owners rounded up their dogs to try to break the record for loudest bark in history. More than 50 dogs participated and a represent from Guinness World Records was on hand to oversee the contest. A white American shepherd dog, who was handpicked due to his striking resemblance to Bolt, broke the record with a 108 decibels and became a Guinness World Record holder. Disney’s Gavin Quirk was quoted saying: ""The Big Bolt Bark has brought pride to the nation."" Since 2009, Bolt character performers has been spotted semi-regularly at the Walt Disney World theme park in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31193549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193549" title="Heinonen">
Heinonen

Heinonen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31193551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193551" title="Nasihat">
Nasihat

Nasihat is a 1986 Hindi film directed and produced by Aravind Sen. Rajesh Khanna, Shabana Azmi play the lead roles and supported by Mithun Chakraborty and Deepti Naval.
Plot.
Indrani, a daughter of a multimillionaire Seth Ratanlal, falls in love with an ordinary but honest Dinesh and vows to marry him. Dishonest and cunning servant Mohanlal gets hurt to know this and starts bittering the cars of Seth Ratanlal against Indrani. Indrani confessing all this, gives a shocking news that she is going to be a mother of Dinesh's child.
Mohanlal gets beaten by Dinesh's hired gangsters who take him underground and tell Seth Ratanlal that Dinesh absconded to London by giving false promise of marriage to Indrani.
To get rid of defaming, Seth Ratanlal gives the charge of his office and business to Mohanlal, and leaves the city with his daughter for few days.
Honest accountant Jagdish seeing Mohanlal in the chair of owner Seth Ratan Lal, exposes his true figure of dishonesty and unfaithfulness. This insult hurts Mohanlal very much and as a revenge he causes Jagdish to be in a truck accident. Rajesh, son of Jagdish, takes a vow of revenge for the one who made his father lame.
After returning, Seth Ratan Lal comes to know that cunning Mohanlal has captured all his business. Circumstances compel Indrani to marry Mohanlal.
Mohanlal's son Ranjeet, who is very helpful to the poor and very much aloof from the character of his father, gets released union leader Bajrangee from the jail. Sunita with a view to take revenge works as a private secretary to Mohanlal.
Reception.
The film had collections worth 8.5 crores at the box office in 1986 in India. It received thee and a half stars in the Bollywood guide "Collections".

</doc>
<doc id="31193567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193567" title="Shifnal Festival 2010">
Shifnal Festival 2010

The 2010 Shifnal Festival ran from Friday 17 September to Sunday 26 September 2010 and hosted a number of musical, artistic and cultural events at a number of locations around the town. The organising committee was chaired by Tony Stringfellow.
2010 events.
Workshops.
Throughout the festival a number of workshops were held. These included:<br>
Children's Barn Dance<br>
Morris Dancing<br>
Chinese Dance<br>
Arabic Belly Dancing<br>
Appalachian Step Dance<br>
Street Dance<br>
Salsa<br>
Jive<br>
Ceilidh Dancing <br>
Felt making <br>
Clay figure sculpting<br>
Art<br>
Sugar Craft
Film.
"Flick in the Sticks" was the first major event of the festival. The event included locally made films shot in the town, or by residents of the town. Other films included "Waiting in Rhyme" starring John Alderton and Les Dennis and "Expresso" starring Norman Wisdom.
Poetry.
"The Poetry Train" was a night of poetry readings conducted by local and international poets. These included: Olugbala Kokumo, Dreadlockalien, SPOZ, Simon Pitt, Fatima Al Matar, Rattan Reehal, Stephen Morris and Tony Stringfellow.
Art.
During the festival, the town became an Art Gallery as artwork produced by local artists was displayed in the windows of local businesses to form an art trail. Larger exhibitions were set up in St Andrew's Church, Trinity Methodist Church and the Old Fire Station.<br>
A photographic exhibition was also established.
Music.
A number of music events were staged throughout the week. These included a performance called "Little Big Time Band" by the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and local choir groups from in and around the town.
Shifnal Talent Search.
A talent show was also held, with Vix, lead singer of 1980s pop-punk band Fuzzbox (We've Got a Fuzzbox and We're Gonna Use It) sitting on the judging panel. The winners, local band Fake Obsession, were given a slot in the festival's Grand Finale.
Grand Finale.
The Grand Finale of the festival was held on Saturday 25 September 2010 at Idsall School. It featured music from:<br>
Talent show winners, Fake Obsession,<br>
Will Morgan,<br>
Lynus,<br>
The Band of Locals,<br>
Beaver,<br>
and headline act: Fuzzbox (We've Got a Fuzzbox and We're Gonna Use It)

</doc>
<doc id="31193568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193568" title="Jeanne Collier">
Jeanne Collier

Jeanne Ellen Collier (born May 15, 1946) is a former American diver. She competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and won a silver medal in the 3 meter springboard. Collier graduated from the Xavier High School in Phoenix and won the 1963 AAU Championships on the springboard. She married Ken Sitzberger, who won the men's springboard event at the 1964 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31193576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193576" title="Thirty Mile Fire">
Thirty Mile Fire

The Thirtymile Fire started as an escaped picnic cooking fire on July 9, 2001, in the Chewuch River canyon, approximately 30 miles north of the town of Winthrop, on the Okanogan National Forest in the state of Washington. On the evening of July 9, the Libby South Fire was already burning to the south, and this fire exceeded . To the north on the Thirtymile Fire, four firefighters were killed in the fire: Tom Craven, Karen FitzPatrick, Jessica Johnson, and Devin Weaver. 
Origins of the Fire.
Those responsible for abandoning the campfire that started the fire were never found .
High temperatures, low humidity, and severe drought conditions combined to allow an abandoned cooking fire to grow into a huge and fatal fire. 
The Thirtymile seemed at first to be a very controllable fire, and fire managers assigned a crew of 21 firefighters, estimating that the fire would be contained by nightfall. However, the temperature on the day of the blaze was nearing 100 degrees, and the fire was spreading fast. By mid-afternoon, the crew watched the fire crawl up the slope on the opposite side of the valley, and they called in for more help.
Firefighting Difficulties.
The area where the fire had started was not within a designated wilderness, but was located in a United States Forest Service-designated special-study area. The fire's location caused communication difficulties regarding the firefighters' request for helicopter support because of confusion over the legality of dipping water from a "protected" river. Details of the helicopter dispatch issues are explained in author John N. Maclean's book "The Thirtymile Fire:" 
"... the firefighters proceeded to break most all of the Forest Service's cardinal 10 Standard Fire Orders, failing to do everything from posting lookouts to identifying escape routes. Trapped when the fire began burning across the only road out of the area, the crew was not prepared for the suddenness with which it arrived," the Forest Service's accident report states. "A rain of burning embers was followed by a rolling wave of heat, fire , smoke, and wind." As the crew members frantically tried to deploy their portable fire shelters, the fire overtook Karen FitzPatrick, 18; Jessica Johnson, 19; Devin Weaver, 21, and squad boss Tom Craven, 30 — asphyxiating them in heat so intense that it transformed a pickup truck into a pile of molten aluminum."
In 2001 the U.S. Forest Service released the Thirtymile Fire Investigation Report.
http://www.fs.fed.us/t-d/lessons/documents/Thirtymile_Reports/Thirtymile-Final-Report-2.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="31193591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193591" title="Ulli Bögershausen">
Ulli Bögershausen

Ulli Bögershausen (born 1954 in Brauneberg) is a German solo guitarist and guitar teacher. He is internationally known due to touring Japan, USA and Taiwan in 1995 and further authored several educational books for guitar playing.
Bögershausen started classical guitar music education at the age of 9. He played electric guitar in several music bands and further started academic studies for music teacher but did not finish. 
He lives with his family - wife and son - at the river Moselle near Trier, where he runs a music school for guitar playing. 
Ulli Bögershausen prefers playing steel string guitars, which - by a more acute tonal differentiation - give complex melodies and rhythms improved transparency. He likes to use the long lasting, singing tune of that instrument as compositional element. 
He is currently mentoring Sungha Jung, a teenage fingerstyle guitar prodigy.

</doc>
<doc id="31193599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193599" title="Edward Thurland">
Edward Thurland

Edward Thurland (22 February 1607 – 14 January 1683) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1673. 
Thurland was the son of Edward Thurland of Reigate, Surrey. He matriculated from Clare College, Cambridge in 1624 and was admitted at Inner Temple on 20 October 1625. He was called to the bar in 1634. 
In April 1640, Thurland was elected Member of Parliament for Reigate in the Short Parliament. He was a Bencher of his Inn in 1652, and was re-elected MP for Reigate in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament.
In 1660, Thurland was elected MP for Reigate in the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1673. Also in 1661, he became Recorder of Reigate and Guildford. He was solicitor-general to James, Duke of York and was knighted on 22 April 1665. He became King's Counsel in 1668 and serjeant-at-law in 1672. In 1673 he became a Baron of the Exchequer which post he held until 1679. 
Thurland died at the age of 76 and was buried at Reigate.
Thurland married Elizabeth Wright of Buckland Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="31193603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193603" title="Rockall (band)">
Rockall (band)

Rockall is a band named after the island off the west coast of Scotland, who nevertheless operate chiefly around the south of England, rather the northern homes of many members. The band plays largely instrumental dance music, mostly traditional tunes and original compositions with west-coast Scottish style melodies, with a variety of unlikely and increasingly reckless influences including classical baroque, reggae and 80s rock: Vivaldi's Mandolin Concerto (1st movement), Mark Knopfler and Jean-Jacques Goldman are covered regularly in live performances. 
Rockall is also the name used in solo performances by one of the band's long-standing members, Ruairidh Howells, who founded the band with piper Robert Maclean in 2006.
Discography.
Rockall's first album is due for release in the second half of 2011. It has been provisionally titled "Northwesterly, Good", a reference to the UK Shipping Forecast in which the island features.

</doc>
<doc id="31193608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193608" title="Nacional Atlético Clube (Cabedelo)">
Nacional Atlético Clube (Cabedelo)

Nacional Atlético Clube, commonly known as Nacional de Cabedelo, is a Brazilian football club based in Cabedelo, Paraíba state.
History.
The club was founded on April 21, 1973. Nacional de Cabedelo won the Campeonato Paraibano Second Level in 2004.
Stadium.
Nacional Atlético Clube play their home games at Estádio Francisco Figueiredo de Lima. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31193626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193626" title="Braasch Biotech">
Braasch Biotech

Braasch Biotech LLC is a privately held company that specializes in the development of biopharmaceutical vaccine products for the human and veterinary healthcare markets. Specifically, Braasch has developed the world’s first anti-obesity vaccine. They are also researching applications for Growth Hormone Deficiency and Type 2 diabetes markets.
History.
In 2008, Braasch Biotech LLC was incorporated in the State of South Dakota. Their total focus was on developing Somatostatin vaccines and related technology.
In addition to developing and testing its Somatostatin vaccine technology in a variety of species and for different metabolic conditions, the company has also expanded its worldwide intellectual property positions by multiple filings and anticipates several additional filings to support their technology.
Technology.
Somatostatin (also known as Growth Hormone Inhibiting Hormone) is the main regulator for the release of Growth Hormone (GH) from the pituitary gland, which leads to several body functions including an increase of IGF-1 (Insulin-like Growth Factor 1) levels. Somatostatin inhibits the actions of Growth Hormone-Releasing Hormone, also a hypothalamus hormone, which controls the release of Growth Hormone.
Braasch's Somatostatin vaccine technology allows the immune system to temporarily reduce, but not completely eliminate, the mostly inhibitory actions of Somatostatin. The vaccination effect causes more Growth Hormone to be released, which in turn stimulates the release of IGF-1 from the liver. This hormone cascade can help address issues relating to obesity and Type 2 diabetes, since growth hormone deficiencies can lead to increased risk for those conditions.
Research and Development.
For human applications, Braasch Biotech is focused on human obesity and Type 2 diabetes applications, along with Growth Hormone deficiencies and IGF-1 disorders. In the veterinary field, Braasch has developed vaccines to increase livestock productivity and reduce obesity in pets (dogs, cats, and horses).
The applicability of GH and IGF-1 treatments are currently being pursued by many pharmaceutical companies for a variety of human conditions. Based on the success of drug treatments, over time, Braasch will pursue additional applications and intellectual property for their vaccination approach (e.g. development of myocardial infarction treatments).

</doc>
<doc id="31193656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193656" title="Spin Away">
Spin Away

Spin Away is an album of cover songs done by the pop music group Lettermen. Originally released on vinyl in 1972 by Capitol Records. The album was produced by Ed Cobb and Lettermen for Lettermen, Inc. Vocal Arrangements by Vince Morton and Lettermen.
Track listing.
Production Coordinator: Billy Delbert<br>
Personal Management: Jess Rand<br>
<br>
Recorded at Producer's Workshop, "Hollywood, California"<br>
Engineers: Edd Cobb and Tom Knox
Musicians.
Keyboards: Vince Morton, Michael Lang, Michael Melvoin and Michael Omartian<br>
Guitars: Richard Bennet and David Cohen<br>
Bass: Emory Gordy, Jr.<br>
Drums: Dennis St. John, Jimmy Gordon and Colin Bailey<br>
Percussion: Gary Coleman

</doc>
<doc id="31193680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193680" title="Gadicherla Harisarvottama Rao">
Gadicherla Harisarvottama Rao

Gadicherla Harisarvottama Rao (; 14 September 1883 – 29 February 1960) was a freedom fighter from Andhra during the Indian independence movement. He was inspired by the ideologies of Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Bipin Chandra Pal and joined the freedom movement at a very young age. He is the person who named the region as RAYALASEEMA when every body taunted the region as CEEDED because Nizam has ceeded the region to the British.
Early life and Education.
Rao was born in Kurnool in 1883. After finishing school and college education in Kurnool, Nandyal and Gutti, Rao finished his M.A. from Madras Christian College in 1906. While training as a teacher at the Teachers Training College of Rajahmundry, he joined the Indian Independence movement.
While at the Teachers Training College, Rao and his fellow students attended a lecture by Bipin Chandra Pal at Rajahmundry. Inspired by Pal's speech, the students wore badges with 'Vande Mataram' inscribed on them to the college the next day. Mark Hunter, the principal of the college, objected to this and refused to admit the students into the college until they removed the badges. The students refused. The principal dismissed Rao, who was the student leader, from the college. This was a critical moment in Rao's life.
Role in the Freedom Movement.
In 1908, Rao started a Telugu weekly newspaper publication called 'Swarajya' with the help of Bodi Narayana Rao. He wrote numerous essays in this newspaper criticizing the many unfair policies adopted by the British government. The British declared that his article 'Viparita Buddhi', which adopted a very severe tone in criticizing violence against the Indians, was an act of sedition and sentenced Rao to 3 years of imprisonment.
In 1914, Gadicherla was made the Secretary for the Andhra division of the Home Rule League formed by Tilak and Annie Besant
. In this position, he played a pivotal role in inspiring the people by traveling widely to lecture. In 1923, he joined the Swarajya Party formed by Chittaranjan Das and Motilal Nehru. He was elected to the Madras Legislative Council as a candidate for the Andhra Congress from the Nandyala constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="31193688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193688" title="Rantanen">
Rantanen

Rantanen is a Finnish surname (in Finnish, it means "small shore") and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31193698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193698" title="Sorption cooling">
Sorption cooling

Sorption cooling is a technology that uses heat to produce cooling, by taking advantage of material properties. One substance will heat or refrigerate depending on whether it is absorbed or released by another substance. There may be a third substance that is displaced when the first substance is absorbed and re-absorbed when the first substance is released. The absorption and release are dependent on ambient temperature.
External links.
Here are some links with more explanation of sorption cooling in diverse applications.

</doc>
<doc id="31193701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193701" title="List of buildings and structures in Comoros">
List of buildings and structures in Comoros

A list of buildings and structures in Comoros:

</doc>
<doc id="31193705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193705" title="Cristóbal Island">
Cristóbal Island

Cristóbal Island (in Spanish: "Isla San Cristóbal") is a mostly deforested 37 km2 island located south of Isla Colón, in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama. "Laguna Bocatorito", also known as Dolphin Bay, lies on the east side of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="31193707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193707" title="Patsy Willard">
Patsy Willard

Mary Patricia ("Patsy") Willard (born May 18, 1941) is a former American diver. She competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where she won a bronze medal in the 3 meter springboard event.
At the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, she finished in fourth place in the springboard.
Willard is a 1959 graduate of Mesa High School in Mesa, Arizona and attended Arizona State University.

</doc>
<doc id="31193717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193717" title="Calyptranthes elegans">
Calyptranthes elegans

Calyptranthes elegans, the bashy guava, bois baguette, bois petite feuille, is a flowering plant species in the genus "Calyptranthes" endemic to the Lesser Antilles.

</doc>
<doc id="31193719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193719" title="Heteroteuthis dispar">
Heteroteuthis dispar

Heteroteuthis dispar, also known as the odd bobtail, is a small deep water squid found in the North Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
Taxonomy.
"Heteroteuthis dispar" is a deep sea species of squid and relatively little is known about it because of the difficulty of observing it "in situ". Its description is very similar to that of "Heteroteuthis hawaiiensis", which is found in the central North Pacific Ocean. It has not been possible to compare the two species side by side and so it is unclear whether they are identical. DNA sequencing should eventually clarify this issue.
Distribution.
"Heteroteuthis dispar" is found in the Mediterranean Sea and across the Atlantic Ocean. The range includes a broad swathe from southwest Ireland south to the coastal fringes of West Africa, across to Bermuda, the Caribbean Sea and the eastern fringes of the United States north to Maryland. The western and eastern Atlantic populations may be isolated.
Description.
There are five pairs of appendages. Arms 1 and 2 are fused at the base and each is a hectocotylus in the male. Arm 3 has two or three greatly enlarged suckers at the proximal end and a few moderate sized ones at the distal end. Arms 3 and 4 are longer than the others. In the female, arms 1 and 2 have no suckers on the distal ends. The tentacles are retractable, slender and whip-like, with a short club with eight rows of microscopically small suckers. 
The funnel is found under the head and the locking apparatus has a deep, curved groove and an angled posterior pit. The mantle margin is detached from the head, and the neck cartilage is either free or fused. On the underside, the mantle shield is confined to the anterior part of the mantle. The fins are quite short and are attached to the posterior part of the mantle from which they bulge forwards. The mantle length in the adult female is about 25 millimetres.
Biology.
The male "Heteroteuthis dispar" produces a spermatophore or sperm package which is transferred to the female before she is sexually mature. She stores it and makes use of it at the optimal time for fertilisation. The spermatophore is large, constituting about 3% of her weight, and therefore disadvantageous to her. This reproductive practice may be due to the fact that finding a mate deep in the ocean at the appropriate time is difficult.
This species is found in the mesopelagic zone of the ocean at depths down to 1600 metres. Spawning takes place on the bottom and the paralarvae live at even greater depths, down to 3000 metres. Adults often live in groups at depths of 200 to 300 metres, often in areas where shrimps are found. Predators that feed on this squid include dolphins ("Grampus griseus"), the velvet belly lantern shark ("Etmopterus spinax"), the blackmouth catshark ("Galeus melastomus"), the small-spotted catshark, ("Scyliorhinus canicula"), the swordfish ("Xiphias gladius") and tuna ("Thunnus alalunga").
"Heteroteuthis dispar" can be bioluminescent, emitting light from photophores containing bacterial symbionts. A large photophore is found on the underside and contains two pores through which the luminescent material is extruded. An iridescent shutter cover helps to filter and control the light. The squid can also secrete bioluminescent mucous from glands near the ink sac. This can be released into the water through the funnel and the glowing cloud is believed to blind or confuse predators for long enough for the squid to make its escape.

</doc>
<doc id="31193725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193725" title="Edwin Pain">
Edwin Pain

Edwin Llewellyn Pain (2 June 1891 – 14 July 1947) was a Welsh cricketer and Royal Navy sailor. Pain was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Swansea, Glamorgan.
Pain made his only first-class appearance for the Royal Navy against the Army at Lord's in 1926. In this match he scored 17 runs in the Royal Navy first-innings, before being dismissed by Philip Davies. In their second-innings he scored a single run before being dismissed by Kenneth Mackessack. With the ball he claimed 3 wickets in the Army's first-innings. In 1932 he played four Minor Counties Championship fixtures for Devon.
He died in Plymouth, Devon on July 14, 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="31193728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193728" title="Voyage d'une mélodie">
Voyage d'une mélodie

"Voyage d'une mélodie" is a 2011 multilingual album by the French singer of Jewish Algerian origin Enrico Macias, after five years of absence due to the death of his wife. The critically acclaimed album comprises music explorations by Macias into many cultures where he interprets songs in French, Spanish, Tamazight (Berber language), Arabic, Hebrew and Yiddish. There are a number of collaborations with artists as duets in the album including Idir, Yasmin Levy, Daniel Lévi, Théodore Bikel and Claude Zuffrieden. The album was partly produced by Socalled, partly by his son Jean-Claude Ghrenassia.
The release is in anticipation of the 50th anniversary of Enrico Macias' prosperous musical career. He promoted the album and interpreted songs on the French TV programme "Vivement Dimanche" on France 2.

</doc>
<doc id="31193733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193733" title="Latele Novela Network">
Latele Novela Network

Latele Novela Network () is a Spanish-language television network in the United States. Latele Novela is the first premier National Hispanic Television Network dedicated entirely to telenovelas in Spanish for the US Hispanic Market.
History.
Beginnings.
In November 1, 2005...Latele Novela Network was launched.
2000s.
Latele Novela
External links and sources.
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31193736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193736" title="BR Class 37 renumbering">
BR Class 37 renumbering

The 309 members of the class 37 underwent many changes in their long career on British railways. Under the TOPS system each change was reflected in a change of identity. This table attempts to catalogue those changes.
The names shown are those carried at some stage in the loco's career. Names in "italics" are unofficial.<br>
The D prefix was generally dropped after 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="31193739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193739" title="Aurea of Ostia">
Aurea of Ostia

Saint Aurea of Ostia (or "Aura"; in Greek, "Chryse"; both names mean “golden girl”) is venerated as the patron saint of Ostia. According to one scholar, “lthough the acta of Saint Aurea are pious fiction, she was a genuine martyr with a very early cultus at Ostia.”
According to tradition, she was martyred sometime during the mid-third century, either during the reign of Roman Emperor Claudius Gothicus or Trebonianus Gallus. Said to have been of royal or noble blood, Aurea was exiled from Rome to Ostia because she was a Christian. In Ostia, she lived on an estate outside of the city walls and maintained contact with local Christians, including the bishop of Ostia, Cyriacus (Quiriacus). 
Miracles associated with Aurea while she was in Ostia relate how a Christian prisoner named Censorinus had his chains miraculously loosened after he had been comforted by Aurea. Seventeen soldiers converted to Christianity as a result of this miracle, and were later beheaded near Ostia's Arch of Caracalla. Another legend states that Aurea and her friends also brought back to life the dead son of a shoemaker. Ulpius Romulus executed Aurea’s friends and tortured Aurea. When she refused to sacrifice to the Roman gods, she was thrown into the sea with a stone tied around her neck.
Veneration.
According to tradition, Aurea was buried on her estate in Ostia. The church of Santa Aurea grew around her tomb. The church was rebuilt in the 15th century. A fragment of a Christian inscription that refers to Aurea was rediscovered near Santa Aurea in 1981 and later relocated to the castle of Ostia. It reads: "CHRYSE HIC DORM" ("Chryse sleeps here"). "It may be her original funerary inscription," one scholar states, "but it may also have been added later to the tomb." A marble column from perhaps the 5th century was discovered in 1950 near the same church. It reads "S.AVR."

</doc>
<doc id="31193757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193757" title="Service for Foreign Policy Instruments">
Service for Foreign Policy Instruments

The Service for Foreign Policy Instruments (FPI) is a department (Directorate-General) of the European Commission set up in response to the establishment of the European External Action Service (EEAS). The EEAS merged the Commission's Directorate-General for External Relations (and various other departments) with its counterparts in the Council of Ministers. 
The Service is a Commission department managing foreign policy issues within the Commission's mandate; those areas not transferred to the EEAS and which fall outside the mandate of the EuropeAid Development and Cooperation DG. It works with the EEAS in the same building, the Triangle building in Brussels. It manages programmes such as the crisis response "Instrument for Stability", which is shared between the Commission and EEAS.

</doc>
<doc id="31193771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193771" title="William Hillman">
William Hillman

William Hillman (13 November 1848 – 4 February 1921) was a British bicycle and automobile manufacturer. In partnership with Louis Coatalen he founded the Hillman-Coatalen Company in 1907, later the Hillman Motor Company after Coatalen's defection to Sunbeam in 1909.
Early life.
Hillman was born on 13 November 1848 in Stratford, Essex, where his father, also called William, was a shoemaker; his mother was Sarah Stitchbury. He became an apprentice in the engineering works of John Penn & Co. at Greenwich together with his friend James Starley, who became known as "the father of the cycle industry". Hillman and Starley moved to the expanding industrial area of the English Midlands, where they were employed by the Coventry Sewing Machine Company. Sales of sewing machines had declined, and to compensate the company had become the first British manufacturers of bicycles, using designs based on French "boneshakers". The Franco-Prussian War of 1870 halted bicycle manufacture in France and led to a boom in British production. Hillman set up his own bicycle manufacturing company in 1875, Auto Machinery, in partnership with W. H. Herbert, who provided the capital.
Career.
As well as bicycles Hillman's company made roller-skates, sewing machines, and ball and roller bearings, of which it pioneered the mass production; Hillman was soon operating four factories in Coventry, and by 1896 a fifth in Germany. His success made him a millionaire, and allowed him to move to Abingdon House, an "impressive home" in Stoke Aldermoor, now a suburb of Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="31193789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193789" title="Kishor Gurung">
Kishor Gurung

Kishor Gurung is a Nepalese guitarist and ethnomusicologist.
Biography.
Kishor Gurung comes from a musical family; the first instrument he played was the tabla drums. When he decided to learn the guitar he faced the difficulty of inaccessibility to printed music, recordings and accredited teachers in his homeland Nepal, but he eventually won a full scholarship to study guitar at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music, where he studied with Larry Almeida, George Sakallariou and David Tanenbaum and participated in Master Classes conducted by such distinguished international guitarists as Michael Lorimor (USA), Julian Bream (UK), Manuel Barrueco (Cuba), David Russell (Scotland), Jose Tomas (Spain), Abel Carlevaro (Paraguay). He pursued then an MA degree in ethnomusicology at the University of Hawaii as an East-West Centre grantee, following which he has participated in international music seminars and performed in Asia and Europe with favourable press reviews. Kishor is the first Nepali to obtain music degrees from the accredited institutions of the West. In addition to his TV and radio appearances, Kishor has also appeared as a soloist with the Long Island Youth Orchestra of New York.
Kishor has been an executive member of the state-run Radio Nepal, and has taught at Tribhuvan University and Malpi International College (affiliated with the University of Mississippi, USA) in Kathmandu. During his recent residency in the UK, he taught at various schools for the Harrow Council, London.
As the founder and president of the Classical Guitar Society of Nepal, he organized the first Ethnomusicology Seminar and International Guitar Festivals in Nepal that were participated by luthiers, scholars and guitarists from Germany, Japan, USA, Finland, Liechtenstein and Thailand. He has written and produce songs to promote drug abuse awareness among youth for the United Nations and the American Embassy/Kathmandu. He has lectured at Folklore Society Congress, Kathmandu; St. Lawrence University; Society for Ethnomusicology Colorado; Heidelberg University, Germany and in Italy .
With the onset of focal dystonia (a debilitating nerve condition) in 2006, Kishor had to stop giving concerts. In addition to seeking medical attention, he has devised his own therapy and a miniature guitar for shadow practicing. He has almost cured himself and has embarked on playing guitar again. He performed his UK debut in Folkestone, Kent in 2010, for the charity of the Gurkha Memorial Statue.
Kishor has been accorded a commendation from the Government of Nepal for assisting in the making of the new National Anthem (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="31193790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193790" title="Nuclear power whistleblowers">
Nuclear power whistleblowers

There have been a number of nuclear power whistleblowers, often nuclear engineers, who have identified safety concerns about nuclear power. In 1976 Gregory Minor, Richard Hubbard, and Dale Bridenbaugh "blew the whistle" on safety problems at nuclear power plants in the United States. The three nuclear engineers gained the attention of journalists and their disclosures about the threats of nuclear power had a significant impact. George Galatis was a senior nuclear engineer who reported safety problems at the Millstone 1 Nuclear Power Plant, relating to reactor refueling procedures, in 1996. Other nuclear power whistleblowers include Arnold Gundersen and David Lochbaum. Some nuclear power plant workers may have to decide whether to blow the whistle on their employer's nuclear safety practices or to be silent out of fear of losing their jobs.
Karen Silkwood.
The first prominent nuclear power whistleblower was Karen Silkwood, who worked as a chemical technician at a Kerr-McGee nuclear fuel plant. Silkwood became an activist in the Oil, Chemical and Atomic Workers International Union in order to protest health and safety issues. In 1974, she testified to the United States Atomic Energy Commission about her concerns. A few months later she died in a car crash under mysterious conditions on the way to a meeting with a "New York Times" reporter and a national union leader. The 1983 film "Silkwood" is an account of this story.
The "GE Three".
On February 2, 1976, Gregory C. Minor, Richard B. Hubbard, and Dale G. Bridenbaugh (known as the GE Three) "blew the whistle" on safety problems at nuclear power plants, and their action has been called "an exemplary instance of whistleblowing".
The three engineers gained the attention of journalists and their disclosures about the threats of nuclear power had a significant impact. They timed their statements to coincide with their resignations from responsible positions in General Electric's nuclear energy division, and later established themselves as consultants on the nuclear power industry for state governments, federal agencies, and overseas governments. The consulting firm they formed, MHB Technical Associates, was technical advisor for the movie, "The China Syndrome." The three engineers participated in Congressional hearings which their disclosures precipitated.
A book chapter which discusses the whistleblowing, written by Vivian Weil, was published in 1983 as "The Browns Ferry Case" in "Engineering Professionalism and Ethics", edited by James H. Schaub and Karl Pavlovic, and published by John Wiley & Sons.
Ronald Goldstein.
Ronald J. Goldstein was a supervisor employed by EBASCO, which was a major contractor for the construction of the South Texas plants. In the summer of 1985, Goldstein identified safety problems to SAFETEAM, an internal compliance program established by EBASCO and Houston Lighting, including noncompliance with safety procedures, the failure to issue safety compliance reports, and quality control violations affecting the safety of the plant.
SAFETEAM was promoted as an independent safe haven for employees to voice their safety concerns. The two companies did not inform their employees that they did not believe complaints reported to SAFETEAM had any legal protection. After he filed his report to SAFETEAM, Goldstein was fired. Subsequently, Golstein filed suit under federal nuclear whistleblower statutes.
The U.S. Department of Labor ruled that his submissions to SAFETEAM were protected and his dismissal was invalid, a finding upheld by Labor Secretary Lynn Martin. The ruling was appealed and overturned by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, which ruled that private programs offered no protection to whistleblowers. After Goldstein lost his case, Congress amended the federal nuclear whistleblower law to provide protection reports made to internal systems and prevent retaliation against whistleblowers.
Arnold Gundersen.
In 1990 Arnold Gundersen discovered radioactive material in an accounting safe at Nuclear Energy Services in Danbury, Connecticut, the consulting firm where he held a $120,000-a-year job as senior vice-president. Three weeks after he notified the company president of what he believed to be radiation safety violations, Gundersen was fired. According to the "New York Times", for three years, Gundersen "was awakened by harassing phone calls in the middle of the night" and he "became concerned about his family's safety". Gundersen believes he was blacklisted, harassed and fired for doing what he thought was right.
"The New York Times" reports that Gundersen's case is not uncommon, especially in the nuclear industry. Even though nuclear workers are encouraged to report potential safety hazards, those who do risk demotion and dismissal. Instead of correcting the problems, whistleblowers say, industry management and government agencies attack them as the cause of the problem. Driven out of their jobs and shunned by neighbors and co-workers, whistleblowers often turn to each other for support.
David Lochbaum.
In the early 1990s, nuclear engineer David Lochbaum and a colleague identified a safety problem in a plant where they were working, but were ignored when they raised the issue with the plant manager, the utility and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). After bringing their concerns to Congress, the problem was corrected not just at the original nuclear plant but at plants across the country.
George Galatis.
George Galatis was a senior nuclear engineer and whistleblower who reported safety problems at the Millstone 1 Nuclear Power Plant, relating to reactor refueling procedures, in 1996. The unsafe procedures meant that spent fuel rod pools at Unit 1 had the potential to boil, possibly releasing radioactive steam throughout the plant. Galatis eventually took his concerns to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, to find that they had "known about the unsafe procedures for years". As a result of going to the NRC, Galatis experienced "subtle forms of harassment, retaliation, and intimidation".
Rainer Moormann.
Rainer Moormann is a German chemist and nuclear power whistleblower. Since 1976 he has been working at the Forschungszentrum Jülich, doing research on safety problems with pebble bed reactors, fusion power and spallation neutron sources. In 2008 Moormann published a critical paper on the safety of pebble bed reactors, which raised attention among specialists in the field, and managed to distribute it via the media, facing considerable opposition. For doing this despite the occupational disadvantages he had to accept as a consequence, Moormann was awarded the whistleblower award of the Federation of German Scientists (VDW) and of the German section of the International Association of Lawyers Against Nuclear Arms (IALANA).
Setsuo Fujiwara.
Setsuo Fujiwara, who used to design reactors, said he clashed with supervisors over an inspection audit he conducted in March 2009 at the Tomari nuclear plant in Japan. Fujiwara refused to approve a routine test by the plant's operator, Hokkaido Electric Power, saying the test was flawed. A week later, he was summoned by his supervisor, who ordered him to "correct" his written report to indicate that the test had been done properly. After Fujiwara refused, his employment contract was not renewed. "They told me my job was just to approve reactors, not to raise doubts about them", said Fujiwara, 62, who is now suing the nuclear safety organization to get rehired. In a written response to questions from "The New York Times", the agency said it could not comment while the court case was under way.
Larry Criscione and Richard H. Perkins.
In 2012, Larry Criscione and Richard H. Perkins publicly accused the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission of downplaying flood risks for nuclear plants which are sited on waterways downstream from large reservoirs and dams. They are engineers with over 20 years of combined government and military service who work for the NRC. Other nuclear safety advocates have supported their complaints.
Nuclear Medicine in Hospital Son Dureta.
A serious transgression occurred in Radiopharmacology Unit of Nuclear Medicine Service of Hospital Son Dureta in Palma, Majorca (Spain). For three weeks in September 2010, quality controls of radioactive pharmaceuticals with Technetium-99m used for scintigraphy were omitted.
A complaint was filed. An inspection on the subject by the Nuclear Security Service of Balearic Islands of the Radiopharmacology Unit was held in November 2011. No penalty was applied. Whistleblowing was unsuccessful.
Furthermore, it is possible that similar omissions have been repeated.
Recent trends.
A major expansion of nuclear power could lead to "pressure to build and operate nuclear plants faster and cheaper". Lessons from history tell us that these pressures will most likely lead to a "schedule over safety" culture at some plants, and nuclear workers may be pressured to "cut corners and overlook safety problems in the interest of getting and keeping plants online and profits flowing to shareholders".
Nuclear power plant workers may have to decide whether and how vigorously to blow the whistle on their employer's nuclear safety practices or to be silent out of fear of losing their jobs. It has been argued that these workers, who have a legal duty to report nuclear safety concerns, need to be aware of their legal rights and that nuclear power plants adhere to zero-tolerance policies that prohibit harassment and intimidation made unlawful by the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974.
Workers at the San Onofre Nuclear Power Plant fear retaliation and possible job loss if they report a safety concern, according to a 2010 survey of workers conducted by a Nuclear Regulatory Commission inspector.

</doc>
<doc id="31193813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193813" title="List of Italian dancers">
List of Italian dancers

List of Italian dancers in alphabetical order:

</doc>
<doc id="31193818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193818" title="KS Piecobiogaz Murowana Goślina">
KS Piecobiogaz Murowana Goślina

KS PIECOBIOGAZ Murowana Goślina is a Polish women's volleyball team, based in Murowana Goślina, playing in the Polish I League Women's Volleyball League.

</doc>
<doc id="31193828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193828" title="List of hotels in Spain">
List of hotels in Spain

A list of notable hotels in Spain ordered by autonomous region. The list mainly includes five and four star hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="31193831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193831" title="Grand Contour Canal">
Grand Contour Canal

The Grand Contour Canal in England and Wales was intended to enhance and upgrade the British canal system, but was never built. This canal was proposed in 1943, and again ten years later, by J F Pownall .  Mr Pownall observed that there was a natural 'contour' down the spine of England, around the 300ft level that connected several of the most populated areas. He put forward the idea that this contour could be used to define the course of a large European sized canal which contained no locks except at its entry and exit points. It would also serve as a water grid capable of distributing domestic water supply around England as need arises. 
The proposal would have accommodated 300-ton continental-size barges. Feeder conduit canals at the same contour level would have been used to bring water into the system from North Wales, The Pennines and the South West Peninsular.
It was also named "The Three-hundred-foot Canal" for its height above sea level, . It was to be wide by deep, with headroom.
It was intended to connect the major industrial centres of London, Bristol, Southampton, Coventry, Birmingham, Nottingham, Derby, Chester, Manchester, Blackburn, Bradford, Hartlepool and Newcastle, with vertical lift locks at the nine termini, having tanks by by draught. A long tunnel was proposed between Airedale and Ribblesdale.
The scheme was intended both for transport and for a water supply grid, for water distribution is a major problem in London and South East England.
In 2012 the scheme was brought back to attention after Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London, showed his support for the scheme as a way to transport water from the higher, and wetter, areas of Wales, Scotland, and northern England to the 'breadbasket' of the south east. A maximum flow of water of some anywhere in either direction was visualised, sourced from the Northern Pennines , the Dee, the Severn and the Wye and Exmoor .
Earlier schemes.
The Elan Valley Reservoirs scheme (1892) in mid-Wales (capacity 99,000 megalitres) which includes (with four others) the Craig Goch Dam provides water to Birmingham (pop. 1 million), but was designed looking forward 63 years.
Lake Vyrnwy was created by the construction of the first large masonry dam in Britain, between 1881 and 1888, to provide an urgently needed new water supply for the growing city of Liverpool, and the water from the Welsh mountains was to be carried by an aqueduct to the city.
The Longdendale Reservoir, in the Pennines east of Manchester, was one of the first of its kind in the country when it was opened in 1851. By 1875 it was obvious that growing population of the city would need even more water, so plans were drawn up to construct a reservoir in the Lake District. Thirlmere (1894) now provides water for Manchester away.

</doc>
<doc id="31193832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193832" title="Bauruoolithus">
Bauruoolithus

Bauruoolithus is an oogenus of fossilized eggs belonging to an extinct crocodyliform from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil. "Bauruoolithus" eggs were most likely laid by the notosuchian crocodyliform "Baurusuchus". Eggs of "Bauruoolithus" were described in 2011 from the Adamantina Formation. The type oospecies is "B. fragilis".
Description.
"Bauroolithus" eggs are elongated, with a width measuring about half that of its height. The ends of the egg are blunt. At 0.15 to 0.25 millimeters in thickness, the shell is thin and somewhat wavy. The eggshell is divided into wedge-shaped shell units, which are pieces of calcareous aggregate. The surface of the shell is covered in small tear-shaped pores.
Paleobiology.
"Bauroolithus" eggs belong to the crocodyloid basic egg type. Overall, their morphology is similar to that of the eggs of living crocodylians. The eggs of living crocodylians undergo degradation over their incubation period so that hatchlings can easily break through the shells. Some fossils of "Bauroolithus" in Brazil are most likely from eggs that already hatched, but none show any signs of extensive degradation. This suggests that hatchlings broke through egg shells that were so thin that degradation was not necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="31193852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193852" title="Pitts Special (monoplane)">
Pitts Special (monoplane)

Pitts built a monoplane racer Special in the early postwar years. Pitts also built several monoplane racing planes in the 1940s–1950s, the most famous of which was the low-winged "Pellet" of 1947 and the mid-winged Special "Lil' Monster" & "Miss Dayton" of 1951. Among other one-off projects, he also built a two-seat sport monoplane called the "Big Hickey".

</doc>
<doc id="31193854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193854" title="Resurrection (DVD)">
Resurrection (DVD)

Resurrection is a 2008 live DVD released only in Japan by Flower Travellin' Band. It commemorates their reunion in the 21st century, and features two discs. The first disc features an entire concert, while the second features interviews and other special features. It was recorded at the Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall

</doc>
<doc id="31193856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193856" title="Sarah Darwin">
Sarah Darwin

Sarah Catherine Vogel FLS (née Darwin; born 14 April 1964 in London) is a British botanist. 
She is the daughter of George Erasmus Darwin, a metallurgist, and his wife Shuna (née Service). She has two older brothers; Robert George Darwin (born 1959) and the conservationist Chris Darwin (born 1961). She is descended from Charles Darwin via Charles's son George Howard Darwin (1845–1912); his son William Robert Darwin (1894–1970), a stockbroker, and his wife Sarah Monica (née Slingsby) were the parents of George Erasmus Darwin (1927-).
Sarah first visited the Galapagos Islands in 1995 with her parents and brother Chris on holiday. She stayed behind to prepare botanical illustrations for a field guide to the Islands. She is an ambassador for the conservation charity Galapagos Conservation Trust.
She gained a BSc in Botany from Reading University in 1999 and a PhD from University College London in 2009. Her PhD thesis was entitled "The systematics and genetics of tomatoes on the Galápagos Islands". Her supervisors were Sandy Knapp, James Mallet and Ziheng Yang.
She has been married to German botanist Johannes Vogel, former Keeper of Botany at the Natural History Museum and now Director General of the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin, since 2003, with whom she has two sons, Leo Erasmus Darwin Vogel (born 2003) and Josiah Algy Darwin Vogel (born 2005).
In 2005 the family, along with other descendants of Charles Darwin, including George Erasmus Darwin, and Chris Darwin were involved in counting the flowers at Down House.
She wrote a foreword for the 2009 book "Galapagos: Preserving Darwin's Legacy" by Tui de Roy.
In 2009, Sarah was reported in various media outlets as having "won" a "talking to plants competition" against ten others. In the experiment, tomato plants grew the most when subjected to Sarah reading extracts from "The Origin of Species".
She appeared in the 2009–10 Dutch VPRO television series "" in which she, with her husband and children, along with others such as Redmond O'Hanlon, participated in a recreation of Charles Darwin's voyage on HMS Beagle on board of the sailing ship Stad Amsterdam. She attended the Science & Technology Summit at the World Forum Convention Center in The Hague on 18 November 2010, at which O'Hanlon was also a featured guest.

</doc>
<doc id="31193861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193861" title="Thomas Cranley">
Thomas Cranley

Thomas Cranley DD (aka Craule; c.1337–1417) was a leading statesman and cleric in early 15th-century Ireland, who held the offices of Chancellor of Oxford University, Archbishop of Dublin and Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
Early career.
He was born in England about 1337, entered the Carmelite order, is recorded as a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, in 1366, became Warden of New College in 1389 and Chancellor of the University of Oxford in 1390. He was a Doctor of Divinity and judge. 
Irish career.
In 1397, on the death of Richard Northalis, he was made Archbishop of Dublin and arrived in Ireland the following year. After the accession of King Henry IV, he undertook a mission on his behalf to Rome before being made Lord Chancellor of Ireland in 1401. When Henry's son Thomas, Duke of Clarence, was made Lord Deputy of Ireland, Cranley was appointed to his council. A letter he sent to the King around the end of 1402 painted a grim picture of English rule in Ireland. Cranley assured the King of his absolute loyalty and duty to both the King and his son, but implores the King to send money and aid since ""your son is so destitute of money that he has not a penny in the world ... and his soldiers have departed from him, and the people of his household are on the point of leaving."" The King, who was generally short of money, is not known to have responded.
Pressure of business, ill health and old age made Cranley increasingly unfit to perform his duties, and the office of Chancellor was carried out by deputies, first Thomas de Everdon, then Laurence Merbury. Cranley resigned in 1410, but in 1413 the new King Henry V reappointed him Chancellor. This is a tribute to the high regard in which the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the Earl of Shrewsbury, held him; he also acted as Justiciar of Ireland. In 1417 he was asked to present a memorial on the state of Ireland to the Crown; he reached England, but died at Faringdon in Berkshire on 25 May. He was buried in New College, Oxford: the inscription on his tomb hails him as ""the flower of prelates"".
Appearance and character.
Early historians praised Cranley for both mental and physical qualities: ""thou art fair beyond the children of men, grace is diffused through thy lips because of thine eloquence"". He is described as tall and commanding in appearance with fair hair and a ruddy complexion, witty, eloquent and learned. As a cleric, he was described as charitable, a notable preacher and a great builder of churches.

</doc>
<doc id="31193869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193869" title="2000–01 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season">
2000–01 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season

During the 2000–01 English football season, Blackburn Rovers F.C. competed in the Football League First Division (known as the Nationwide Division One for sponsorship reasons).
Season summary.
Blackburn returned to the top flight of English football, thanks to a second place finish in the First Division. Marking the breakthrough of a new breed of players from the academy, Blackburn looked intent on returning to the top flight in style, especially with David Dunn catching the eyes of top-flight clubs with an impressive season. Striker Matt Jansen also impressed, scoring 23 league goals.
Results.
"Blackburn Rovers' score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31193874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193874" title="Dinosaur diet and feeding">
Dinosaur diet and feeding

Dinosaur diets and feeding behavior varied widely throughout the clade, including carnivorous, herbivorous, and omnivorous forms.
Ornithopoda.
Hadrosauridae.
While studying into the chewing methods of hadrosaurids in 2009, the paleontologists Vincent Williams, Paul Barrett, and Mark Purnell found that hadrosaurs likely grazed on horsetails and vegetation close to the ground, rather than browsing higher-growing leaves and twigs. This conclusion was based upon the evenness of scratches on hadrosaur teeth, which suggested the hadrosaur used the same series of jaw motions over and over again. As a result, the study determined that the hadrosaur diet was probably made of leaves and lacked the bulkier items such as twigs or stems, which might have required a different chewing method and created different wear patterns. However, Purnell said these conclusions were less secure than the more conclusive evidence regarding the motion of teeth while chewing.
The hypothesis that hadrosaurs were likely grazers rather than browsers appears to contradict previous findings from preserved stomach contents found in the fossilized guts in previous hadrosaurs studies. The most recent such finding before the publication of the Purnell study was conducted in 2008, when a team led by University of Colorado at Boulder graduate student Justin S. Tweet found a homogeneous accumulation of millimeter-scale leaf fragments in the gut region of a well-preserved partially grown "Brachylophosaurus". As a result of that finding, Tweet concluded in September 2008 that the animal was likely a browser, not a grazer. In response to such findings, Purnell said preserved stomach contents are questionable because they do not necessarily represent the usual diet of the animal. The issue remains a subject of debate.
Coprolites (fossilized droppings) of some Late Cretaceous hadrosaurs show that the animals sometimes deliberately ate rotting wood. Wood itself is not nutritious, but decomposing wood would have contained fungi, decomposed wood material and detritus-eating invertebrates, all of which would have been nutritious.
Theropoda.
Tyrannosaur tooth marks are the most commonly preserved feeding traces of carnivorous dinosaurs. It is usually not possible to identify tooth marks on bone made by small predatory dinosaurs due to similarities in the denticles on their teeth. However there are exceptions, like an ornithomimid caudal vertebra that has tooth drag marks attributed to "Saurornitholestes" and a partial "Troodon" skeleton with preserved puncture marks. Small bones of small theropods that were preyed upon by larger ones may have been swallowed whole and digested frequently enough to affect their abundance in the fossil record.
In 2001, Bruce Rothschild and others published a study examining evidence for stress fractures in theropod dinosaurs and the implications for their behavior. Since stress fractures are caused by repeated trauma they are more likely to be a result of the animal's behavior than fractures obtained during a single injurious event. The distribution of stress fractures also has behavioral significance. Stress fractures to the hand are more likely to result from predatory behavior since injuries to the feet could be obtained while running or migrating. In order to identify stress fractures occurring in the feet of "Allosaurus" specifically due to predatory behavior, the researchers checked to see if the toes which bore the greatest stress while in motion also had the greatest percentage of stress fractures. Since the lower end of the third metatarsal would contact the ground first while a theropod was running it would have borne the most stress and should be most predisposed to suffer stress fractures. The lack of such a bias in the examined fossils indicates an origin for the stress fractures from a source other than running, like interaction with prey. They suggested that such injuries could occur as a result of the allosaur trying to hold struggling prey with its feet. Contact with struggling prey is also the likely cause of tendon avulsions found in the forelimbs of "Allosaurus" and "Tyrannosaurus". The authors concluded that the presence of stress fractures provide evidence for "very active" predation-based diets rather than obligate scavenging.
Tyrannosauridae.
Tyrannosaur tooth marks are the most commonly preserved feeding traces of carnivorous dinosaurs. They have been reported from ceratopsians, hadrosaurs and other tyrannosaurs. Tyrannosaurid bones with tooth marks represent about 2% of known fossils with preserved tooth marks. Tyrannosaurid teeth were used as holdfasts for pulling meat off a body, rather than knife-like cutting functions. Tooth wear patterns hint that complex head shaking behaviors may have been involved in tyrannosaur feeding.
In 2001, Bruce Rothschild and others published a study examining evidence for stress fractures and tendon avulsions in theropod dinosaurs and the implications for their behavior. Since stress fractures are caused by repeated trauma they are more likely to be a result of the animal's behavior than fractures obtained during a single injurious event. The distribution of stress fractures also has behavioral significance. Stress fractures to the hand are more likely to result from predatory behavior since injuries to the feet could be obtained while running or migrating. The researchers concluded that contact with struggling prey is the likely cause of a tendon avulsion found in the forelimb of the Tyrannosaurus specimen Sue. The authors concluded that the presence of stress fractures in theropods provide evidence for "very active" predation-based diets rather than obligate scavenging.
"Saurornitholestes" preyed upon by juvenile tyrannosaur.
A. R. Jacobsen published a description of a dentary referred to "Saurornitholestes" with tooth marks. The dentary is about 12 cm long and preserves fifteen tooth positions, ten of these have teeth, with five of those teeth fully erupted and intact, two broken but functional as evidenced by the presence of wearfacets, three are only partially erupted. Three toothmarks were visible on the lingual surface of the dentary. Two of the three marks are series of grooves made by the serrations on the maker's teeth. 
The first consists of 6-7 parallel grooves within a 4 x 1.3 mm area beneath the alveolus of the third tooth and angled at forty-five degrees to the dentary's longitudinal axis. The striations are between .37 mm and .40 mm thick with cuboidal cross-sections.
The second tooth mark lies between the fifth and sixth alveoli and consists of two smaller grooves separated 1.8 and 1.6 mm respectively from a larger central groove, with a V-shaped groove beneath it at an angle of sixty degrees to the longitudinal axis of the jaw. The third mark consists of four parallel grooves in a 2 x 2 mm area on the seventh tooth oriented at ninety degrees to the longitudinal axis of the tooth.
The shape of the preserved serrations are too different from those of "Saurornitholestes" for the marks to be the result of injuries incurred during intraspecific face biting behaviors. Although the right shape for "Dromaeosaurus" tooth serrations, the preserved marks are too coarse to have been left by that genus. Although a specific identification cannot be made, the most likely perpetrator would be a juvenile individual of one of the Dinosaur Park Formation's tyrannosaurids, like "Gorgosaurus", "Daspletosaurus", or "Aublysodon". Jacobsen determined that all of the marks on the jawbone were left by the same animal because the serration marks all share the same morphology.
Dromaeosauridae.
"Saurornitholestes".
An ornithomimid caudal vertebra has been discovered that has tooth drag marks attributed to "Saurornitholestes".

</doc>
<doc id="31193877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193877" title="Calyptrocalyx elegans">
Calyptrocalyx elegans

Calyptrocalyx elegans is a palm species in the genus "Calyptrocalyx" found in Papua New Guinea and the nearby Maluku Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="31193883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193883" title="Gateshead Fell">
Gateshead Fell

Gateshead Fell was a district in County Durham, England. It was located on the immediate border of the town of Gateshead, 2.3 miles from the city of Newcastle upon Tyne. Once described as a ""dark, spongy moor"", Gateshead Fell existed in some form for almost nine hundred years before it was enclosed in 1809 and divided into a number of villages, notably Sheriff Hill, Low Fell and Wrekenton, which were themselves absorbed by the urban expansion of Gateshead and were officially incorporated into the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead with the passing of the Local Government Act in 1974.
History.
Gateshead Fell, a constituent part of the ancient County of Durham, took its name from nearby Gateshead and the fact that the area was ""a fell or common contigious to it"". It has existed in some form for over one thousand years, but little of that early history survives today. Perhaps the most notable occurrence was that in 1068 when Malcolm, King of Scotland, marched across the Scottish border to challenge the authority of William the Conqueror. Malcolm, accompanied by "a retinue of native insurgents and foreign auxiliaries", was met by William's men and was decisively beaten. Little of further note is recorded until approximately 1647, when Gateshead Fell was surveyed and found to contain some 1,300 acres. In that lay much of what is now part of the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead. The northern boundary reached Whinney House and Beacon House, to the south came Wrekendyke, to the east lay the old Roman road and to the west was Chowdene, now ostensibly part of Low Fell, along with what is now Eighton Banks (near Wrekenton). Each boundary was marked by a cross, with some engraved with the inscription "I, Christ".
By the middle of the eighteenth century, Gateshead Fell had become a place of considerable notoriety. Indeed, when John Wesley arrived in Gateshead in February 1745, he noted that:
""It was past eight before we got to Gateshead Fell, which appeared a great, pathless waste of white. The snow filling up and covering all the roads, we were at a loss as how to proceed, when an honest man of Newcastle overtook and guided us to safe into the town. Many a rough journey have I had before, but one like this I never had...""
By the turn of the 18th century, the essential character of Gateshead Fell had changed very little. Herbage still flourished (composed of "whins and briars") and this formed the modest means for a smattering of tinkers and cuddies who comprised the majority of the population of the Fell.
Industry.
Gateshead Fell was dominated by heavy industry. One of the predominant industries was on the fell was quarrying, with one observer noting:
""The grindstones from the quarries here, known as "Newcastle grindstones," have been celebrated for centuries, and are exported to all parts of the world.""
Tyneside has a rich coal mining heritage and Gateshead Fell was no different in this regard. Roger de Fulthorpe and others, in 1368, worked the coal-mines in "Gateside Moore." At one time, there were "eight pittes on Gateside Low Fell," which accounts for the immense extent of pit-waste on this part of the Fell previous to the division.
Ellison Main Colliery (sometimes referred to as Sheriff Hill Colliery) was situated at the summit of Gateshead Fell (now the boundary between Sheriff Hill and Low Fell). Opened in 1793, ownership of the mine changed hands a number of times: in 1840 the lease was granted to ""messers Hutchinson and Lamb under Cuthbert Ellison"" whilst by the time of the colliery closure some eighty years later, ownership appears to have been transferred to Heworth Coal Company Ltd.
As a result of the Great Hartley Disaster in 1862, legislation was passed which required all collieries have two main exits. As a result, Sheriff Hill Colliery operated two main shafts- Fanny Pit and Isabella Pit. Fanny Pit was some 535 feet above see level and plumbed a depth of some 804 feet (as of 1894). Isabella, on the other hand, was slightly shallower with a total shaft depth of 738 feet (as of 1894).
Contemporary evidence provides that the operation of the colliery ran thus:
""The coals are drawn at two shafts by an engine of about 30 horses' power, which raises three corves at once. Another engine, of the same power, is employed in pumping the water to a height of 30 fathoms from the bottom, where it is discharged into a drift of about 1¼ mile in length, and is finally drawn out by an engine at the Low Fell. The waggon-way from the Isabella Pit to the Tyne is about 3 miles in length, and the waggons are transmitted along it chiefly by means of inclined planes.".
Mining during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries was notoriously difficult and often resulted in disasters causing numerous fatalities. Sheriff Hill Colliery suffered a number of such incidents, notably on 27 December 1793 when fourteen workers lost their lives in an explosion. On 19 July 1819, when a further explosion caused the deaths of thirty-five men.
The Colliery closed in 1926 and never re-opened.
Far less is known about Hope Pit, another mine which operated in Gateshead Fell (more specifically) and which is evidenced in Ordnance Survey maps up to 1919, but no such listing is evidenced in the map of 1939. This was situated in the area now known as Blue Quarries Road and Hewson Street, both of which are now residential areas, and very little documentary evidence regarding this pit survives today.
Social conditions.
Criminality.
The Fell, and particularly the turnpike road, had, in spite of its natural beauty, earned itself a reputation as something of a haven for neer-do-wells and a place of considerable danger for those unaccustomed to it.
In 1880, the "Monthly Chronicle" reflected that:
"“Gateshead Fell, as the name implies, was once a wild common, over a portion of which lay the road between Durham and Newcastle. The loneliness of the bleak moorland was quite guile enough to invest it with terror to travellers a hundred years ago and occasionally there were incidents that served greatly to enhance the evil repute of the locality ”"
In 1770, Robert Hazlett, a highwayman, was convicted of committing two acts of highway robbery in the same night. In the first instance, he attempted to steal a watch and coins from a lady named Miss Benson. After succeeding in obtaining from the woman her coin purse, Hazlett continued along the turnpike and encountered a postman, who, despite having been forewarned by Miss Benson, was 'lured into a trap' and robbed. Hazlett was tried within one week of his arrest at the Newcastle Assizes and was convicted. He was sentenced to hang until dead. His remains were hung on chains near a pond on the Fell as a warning to other potential, would-be criminals. That pond, named "Hazlett’s Pond" in dubious honour of the highwayman, has since been drained and enclosed.
The Fell was also reportedly the home of minor criminal gangs. Local press reports referred often to the actions of a notorious family in the name of Clark and the actions and impact of the so-called "Gateshead Fell-Bishop Auckland Gang" have been scrutinised. However, the gang had ‘a tenuous identity’ and, despite "many arrests, few serious crimes were confirmed in court". It is true, however, that Walter Clark and his wife, Jane Trotter, lived on the Fell and a number of pickpockets arrested around 1780 were associated with that house. The "Newcastle Chronicle" reported in 1786 that one of the gang, Francis Russell, was ‘whipped around the Sandhill’. A number of other individuals were pursued for other minor acts of criminality, such as stealing geese or killing sheep. These incidents gained something of a local reputation for individuals such as Thomas Colpits, who was arrested on several occasions and found himself reported in the local press.
The modus operandi of these ‘gangs’ was that “they often changed their names and frequently rendezvous at the Crown and the Cannon at Gateshead Fell and had ware rooms for their stolen goods...” It seems likely that these acts were the sporadic acts of associated ‘tinkers’ rather than an organised gang of criminals: ‘there was no evidence of definite ringleaders or organisation’.
Religion.
Gateshead Fell was once one of the strongest seats of Methodism in the whole of England. This is due almost entirely to the visit of John Wesley, the joint founder of the Methodist movement, in March 1743. It is said that he was returning from Pelton to Newcastle when ""...he observed a little village called Chowden Chowdene, which they told me consisted of colliers only. I resolved to preach there as soon as possible, for these are sinners and need repentance."" He duly returned on 8 March 1743, was moved by the amazement of the local children (who he described as "neither clothed or naked" to his presence and duly began his preachings. In doing so, Wesley ensured that Methodism was bourne on the Fell. Curiously, the Gateshead Fell movement quickly disassociated itself from the Newcastle circuit and formed itself into a strong, separate existence so that by 1840, well attended Wesleyan services were being held in Carr Hill, Low Fell and in Sheriff Hill
Demise.
Boundary Disputes.
Gateshead Fell has been described as 'uninhabitable waste' which made the frequent boundary disputes somewhat perplexing. In 1595, for example, when commissioners riding on behalf of the Bishop of Durham rode along the boundary they were harangued by local residents and then confronted by the primary local landowners, William Gascoigne and John Hedworth, who rode on horseback in a fury to confront the transgressors and threatened death by rapier upon all of them. The commissioners evidently believed them, and duly fled.
Rather more amicable challenges to the boundaries came through the courts, including that raised by the Bishop of Durham against Sir Henry Liddell in 1714. The Bishop of Durham, suspected of having a close friendship with the notorious Jacobite Thomas Forster, duly lost his case on appeal in 1717, the Court evidently finding the evidence of Liddell, a staunch Royalist, much more to their liking.
On no fewer than three separate occasions, in 1691, 1735 and 1778, were recommendations made to enclose Gateshead Fell, but none of them made it any further than a mere proposal. These proposals, raised by a succession of Lords, were repeatedly rebuffed by the efforts of the local borough holders . Yet in spite of the official failures to enclose the land, It seems likely that unofficial encroachments must have slowly nibbled away at the Fell, for by the time enclosure was actually undertaken in 1809, the size of Gateshead Fell had officially shrunken to a mere 631 acres.
Enclosure.
In 1809 an Act was finally obtained ordering the enclosure of Gateshead Fell. Enclosure was completed in 1822. Commissioners were appointed to settle claims in land and to apportion the Fell accordingly. The commissioners were empowered to set out such parts as they pleased for roads, drains, quarries, watering places, and one acre as a church-yard: of the residue, one-sixteenth part was appropriated to the bishop of Durham as lord of the manor, and another sixteenth part to the boroughholders and freemen of Gateshead, in compensation for their exclusive right of letting stints: the rest of the Fell (except a part for making two waggon-ways) was divided amongst persons having right of common. The whole Fell contained 631 acres, 0 roods, 21 poles, exclusive of roads, quarries and wells.
This proved a lengthy process and dozens of contested issues were raised in court. Once these had been settled, plans were laid for the requisition and construction of wells, quarries, drains, roads, watering places and other essential requirements. New roads were to be built on what is now Blue Quarries Road, Church Road and Windy Nook Road to supplement the turnpike road which was to remain in spite of the development of a new turnpike road along the route which is now Durham Road, running from Newcastle to Durham through Low Fell. The new road was completed in 1827. A well was also to be provided at Blue Quarries.
A number of the existing residential properties on the Fell were demolished, including sixteen at Sour Milk Hill, Sheriff Hill; an act which apparently had caused the commissioner considerable distress, with one Thomas Bell noting:
...the pulling down of these cottages was one of the most unpleasant duties of the Commissioners, the greater number having to be taken down by force".
Progress was slow, with the last allotment land disputes not settled until almost 1830, but by the time of completion, Gateshead Fell was, at last and after centuries of dispute, enclosed. The divisions which enclosure created were to prove more or less settled: so much so that almost two hundred years later, the old Fell remains divided almost exactly asenclosed, and it was from the enclosure sprang the birth of villages (notably Sheriff Hill and Low Fell) which form part of the metropolitan borough of Gateshead today.

</doc>
<doc id="31193885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193885" title="Belovo Basilica">
Belovo Basilica

The Belovo Basilica (, "Belovska bazilika") is a large partially preserved Christian basilica from Late Antiquity near the village of Golyamo Belovo in Belovo Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southwestern Bulgaria. Located on a hill in the vicinity of the village, the church dates to the 6th century and was first described in the 19th century. It features three naves and three apses as well as a baptistery. Notably, instead of a dome it was covered by a vaulted roof.
Location and history.
The basilica is located on the Spasovitsa Hill (or Holy Savior's Hill) to the south of Golyamo Belovo and south of the town of Belovo. The church is accessible via a road which starts to the east of the village and passes some of its fruit orchards.
Built in the first half of the 6th century, the church has been only partially preserved to this day. Among the sections that are still standing are the north arcade, the south wall of the narthex and monumental west facade. The church was first described in the 19th century by Bulgarian National Revival enlighteners Stefan Zahariev and Petko Slaveykov, followed by a scholarly description by historian Petar Mutafchiev in 1915.
The earliest professional excavations of the church's ruins date to 1924. These were financed by American scholar Thomas Whittemore and carried out by art historian André Grabar. Since 1927, the church has been under state protection as a national antiquity, and in 1966 it was classified as a cultural monument of national importance. In 1994, the basilica underwent partial reconstruction.
Architecture.
The chief material employed in the Belovo Basilica's construction were square bricks joined together with mortar. The basilica measures . The interior is divided into three naves by two rows of fours columns each running through the middle of the church. Each of the naves has an apse at its east end. The apses are of a semicircular design; the middle apse, the largest of the three, houses a three-tiered "synthronon" (stone benches for the clergy).
The western section of the church includes a narthex, which has a baptistery with three semi-domes attached to its south wall. There are several entrances to the church, none of which can be considered the main entrance. The basilica is not topped by a dome. Rather, a row of baldachin-like arches acted as its roof. This feature of the basilica's architecture sets it apart from most other examples of early Christian architecture in the Balkans.
While architecture historian Stanford Anderson considers the ruins to be characteristic for the architecture of modern Bulgaria at the time, Bulgarian archaeologist Krastyu Miyatev believes it to be radically different from Bulgaria's other preserved basilicas of the same period. Architecture historian Stefan Stamov likens the Belovo Basilica's plan to that of Mediterranean basilicas and presents the opinion that it was influenced by construction techniques from Asia Minor. The construction materials are, however, typical for the Bulgarian lands.

</doc>
<doc id="31193914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193914" title="Frederic Oddone">
Frederic Oddone

Judge Frederic (Ric) Oddone is serving in the Utah Third District Juvenile Court 
Early life & education.
Oddone was raised in Washington, D.C. After receiving his high school diploma from Woodrow Wilson High School, also in Washington, DC, Oddone moved to Utah to attend Brigham Young University. Oddone completed his undergraduate degree at Brigham Young University in 1969. Afterward, Judge Oddone attended the University of Utah for post-graduate studies. He received his JD (Juris Doctor) law degree from the University of Utah in 1972.
Legal career.
After graduation, Mr. Oddone served as a Deputy Salt Lake County Attorney under Carl Nemelka, Salt Lake County Attorney at the time. Mr. Oddone served in the Salt Lake County Attorney's office criminal division, specializing in juvenile deliquency, child abuse and child neglect cases. In 1986, Mr. Oddone was appointed the Division Chief of Juvenile & Family Court Division. While working in the Salt Lake County Attorney's office, Mr. Oddone served on the Governor's Task Force on Juvenile Justice, the Utah Supreme Court Committee on Rules & Procedure in the Juvenile Court, the Salt Lake County Commission on Young, the Salt Lake City Gang Task Force, the Utah Legislature's Blue Ribbon Task Force on Family Law and the Utah Adoption Council. Mr. Oddone continued his service in the Salt Lake County Attorney's office until 1994, when he was appointed to the Utah Juvenile Court.
Judicial career.
In 1994, Mr. Oddone was appointed to the Third District Juvenile Court by then Governor Michael Leavitt. He has since been retained to the bench after a successful judicial retention election in 2010. Judge Oddone has had several successful retention elections, winning the most recent election with 73% of the vote. While in service to the Third District Juvenile Court, Judge Oddone has been a member of the Salt Lake City Mayor's Gang Task Force on Gang Violence, a member of the Judicial Council Family Court Task Force, the chairman of the Utah State Task Force on Court Security, served on the Salt Lake Criminal Justice Advisory Council. Judge Oddone serves as the Court's representative to the Sentencing Commission, an instructor for judicial faculty, the chairman of the Criminal Justice Program Advisory Committee at Salt Lake Community College and teaches law within the paralegal department of Salt Lake Community College. Judge Oddone has also served two terms as the presiding judge for Utah's Third District Juvenile Court in addition to serving on the Court's Management Committee.
Notable cases and rulings.
State of Utah in the interest of ACC.
Case No. 20000596, 2002 04.22 6
In 1998, Judge Oddone heard a case involving a minor who was claiming to have been the subject of an illegal search. The Judge decided that, as a minor, the accused was not accorded the same rights to privacy as would be accorded an adult. The Judge's decision was subsequently overturned by the Utah Court of Appeals. The Court of Appeals ruled that the accused did have a reasonable expectation of privacy, and therefore, ruled that the search was unlawful. A certiorari petition was sent to and accepted by the Utah State Supreme Court. The Supreme Court then found, in a 5-0 ruling, that the accused had no reasonable expectation of privacy . The Supreme Court overturned the ruling of the appellate court and agreed with Judge Oddone's original ruling on the matter.
State v. Heidi Mattingly.
In January 2005, Judge Oddone was assigned by the presiding judge of the Utah Juvenile Court to review a videotaped interview entered as evidence in a custody case between the State of Utah and Heidi Mattingly-Foster. Mattingly-Foster, one wife within a known polygamist family, was placed on trial after reportedly abusing her ten children and using her children as leverage. Judge Oddone's participation in the case stemmed from a need to review a videotaped interview with one of the children. The interview was obtained through a different, criminal investigation. The State of Utah was hesitant to give Mattingly-Foster a copy of the interview, unsure as to whether she would use the evidence for unsavory reasons. Judge Oddone was assigned to review the tape to determine whether any information contained within had any bearing on the custody case.
MN v State.
Case No. 2005009, 2005 Ut. App. 146
In 2005, a case that originally sat before Judge Oddone was sent to the Utah Court of Appeals. In this situation, Judge Oddone had terminated that parental rights of the defendant, after reviewing the prosecution's evidence of "neglect, unfitness, and failure to remedy the circumstances". The defendant appealed the termination of her parental rights, claiming that the prosecution did not present sufficient evidence to prove the charges. The Utah Court of Appeals upheld Judge Oddone's decision, stating that the juvenile court is given a "'wide latitude of discretion as to the judgments arrived at' based upon not only the court's opportunity to judge credibility firsthand, but also based on the juvenile court judges' 'special training, experience and interest in this field,'".
State of Utah, in the interest of L.P., a person under eighteen years of age.
Case No. 20080396, 2009 Ut. App. 42
In 2009, another of Judge Oddone's cases was appealed to the Utah Court of Appeals. The defendant appealed the Judge's original decision to terminate his parental rights. The Utah Court of Appeals affirmed Judge Oddone's original decision to terminate the parental rights of the father and affirmed the finding that the father was an unfit parent.
Personal life.
Judge Oddone is married. The Judge is also an avid basketball fan, making a point of attending every NCAA tournament game held at the University of Utah's Huntsman Center, a tradition dating back to 1979. The Judge also enjoys trout fishing. Judge Oddone is a co-founder of the Utah non-profit, international adoption agency, Children's House International.

</doc>
<doc id="31193929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193929" title="My Babysitter's a Vampire (TV series)">
My Babysitter's a Vampire (TV series)

"My Babysitter's a Vampire" () is a 2011 Canadian television series, based on the television film of the same name. In Canada, the series premiered in French on Télétoon on February 28, 2011, in English on Teletoon on March 14, 2011, and on Disney Channel in the United States on June 27, 2011 and finished airing October 5, 2012 on Disney and April 11, 2013 on Télétoon. The show was created by Fresh TV, creators of "6teen" and "Total Drama". The show follows Ethan Morgan (Matthew Knight), who, in the television film, learns that his babysitter Sarah (Vanessa Morgan) is a vampire. In the film, he learns he is able to have visions and his best friend Benny Weir (Atticus Mitchell) is a spellmaster. The series follows the three as they take on supernatural forces and have adventures, with occasional help from fellow vampires Rory (Cameron Kennedy) and Erica (Kate Todd), while dealing with the troubles of regular high school life.
A second season was confirmed to start production in September 2011 and it first premiered on Disney Channel on June 29, 2012, it premiered on Teletoon September 6, 2012. Télétoon started featuring season 2 sneak-peek episodes on October 28, 2012 and premiered it on January 10, 2013. On September 18, 2013 Fresh TV Inc. said that there will be no season 3 as of now, but they are exploring a possible second movie. However on February 18, 2014, Fresh TV tweeted they were still working on producing a second movie as well as getting the series picked up again. 
On April 7, 2014, Fresh TV announced YTV would be airing the pilot movie as well as seasons 1 and 2 of "MBAV". The movie on April 11 at 6:00PM (EST) and again on the 13th at 8:00PM (EST); The series will then air Monday-Thursday nights at 8:00PM (EST); season 1 starting April 14, 2014 and season 2 episodes on May 6, 2014. Fresh TV urging fans to watch the movie and episodes airing on YTV, for them to pick the series up for a third season and produce a 2nd movie.
Production.
Early in 2011, four episodes of the series aired on Teletoon as previews for the series. Disney Channel announced in June that year that they acquired the rights to air the movie and series. Disney Channel aired the movie on June 10, 2011, and aired first season episodes from June 27, 2011 to July 19, 2011, with all episodes premiering before the series made its official premiere on Teletoon. First season episodes aired on Thursdays at 8:00 P.M./E.T. on Teletoon and at 8:30 P.M./E.T. on Télétoon starting January 5, 2012. through April 5, 2012 on Teletoon. The first season finale on Teletoon had an extra scene added to coincide with the online companion game results, which Disney Channel did not air.
A 13 episode second season of the show was greenlit by Fresh TV, and was originally revealed by Vanessa Morgan on her official, personal Twitter. Filming for the second season lasted from September 21, 2011 to November 17, 2011. The same day filming ended, Disney Channel announced that it would pick the show up again for a second season. A promo for the second season first aired on Disney Channel on May 7, 2012. It was later revealed by Vanessa Morgan on Twitter that it would premiere June 29, 2012, at 8 PM Eastern time on Disney Channel. Teletoon released its first season two promo on August 13, 2012, with the season premiering on Thursday, September 6, 2012, at 7:30PM Eastern time.
Premise.
The series follows the supernatural adventures of a geeky freshman, Ethan Morgan (Matthew Knight), a Seer who has visions from contact with the paranormal, his best friend Benny (Atticus Mitchell), a spellmaster, and his vampire babysitter Sarah (Vanessa Morgan). They are often aided by Rory (Cameron Kennedy), their dorky friend, and Erica (Kate Todd), Sarah's best friend, both of whom are vampires turned in the pilot film.
Film.
"My Babysitter's a Vampire" aired on October 9, 2010, on the Canadian television channel Teletoon. The French version of the film aired on Teletoon's French-Canadian counterpart, Télétoon, on October 16, 2010. It premiered in the United States on the Disney Channel on June 10, 2011.
The film was released on DVD in the United States and Canada on May 22, 2012 with the whole first season. The film was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on June 25, 2012, with the premiere episode of the series, "Lawn of the Dead".
Ratings and Reception.
The first season episodes of "My Babysitter's a Vampire" that aired on Disney Channel in the United States in June 2011, averaged 3.7 million viewers and was the number 1 cable show among kids 2–11 in its time period (weekdays 7PM/6c).
In an interview about Disney Channel programming; Senior VP of programming, scheduling, multiplatform, acquisitions and co-productions, Paul DeBenedittis; stated ""My Babysitter’s a Vampire" was a great performer for us this past summer (June and July 2011). It is a well-crafted series, with rich characters and great stories. It was creator-driven, with a strong point of view that was relevant and connected with our core audience in a big way," when he was asked about top-performing acquired programming.
"My Babysitter's a Vampire" is the first series to air on Disney Channel without the TV-G rating (as the series is rated TV-PG-V), a rating that most Disney shows carry, which is a significant change for the channel as most of their programming has been targeted towards children and preteens since the channel's launch. Another change is that the movie and series airs only in the summer and the fall. Another change is that new episodes of Season 1 premiered Monday-Thursday weekly instead of on Friday or Sunday. However, season 2 episodes will premiere weekly on Fridays on Disney Channel from June 29, 2012 to September 14, 2012, but starting on September 14, 2012, new episodes will premiere weekly on Fridays and Sundays, replacing "Shake It Up" in the 8:30 Sunday timeslot. The show has also been added to Disney Channel's website and its channel On Demand.
The second season premiere episode ("Welcome Back Dusker"), which originally aired June 29, 2012, on Disney Channel in the United States, was watched by approximately 3.20 million total viewers and was ranked as Friday’s #2 cable TV telecast and the #2 TV telecast in Tweens 9–14 (1.3 million/5.5 rating).
Game.
In May 2011, prior to first season episodes of "My Babysitter's a Vampire" airing on Disney Channel (in the United States) and after certain episodes aired as sneak peeks on Teletoon/Télétoon (in Canada); Secret Location, with support from the Bell Broadcast and New Media Fund, began developing a video game for Teletoon and "MBAV" called ""Humans vs. Vampires in 3D"". "Humans vs. Vampires" is a modern spin on classic arcade-style games like ""Street Fighter"" and ""Mortal Kombat"". In this badge system game, the user can play as either a human or a vampire, using over 30 battle moves to defy their opponent, including three special moves unique to each character. Each character has over 30 moves plus three special moves, players battle their way through five levels and five different opponents, with rivals getting increasingly more difficult to beat as the game progresses. The points that are scored get counted toward the overall site tally, which affect the outcome of the season finale.
A testing session for the game took place in Toronto, Ontario, CA on Sunday, June 5, 2011, before the game officially launched on the official website on October 14, 2011. In February 2012, popular game site Kongregate added "Humans vs. Vampires" to their website. Based on the final scores for each team, an extra scene was aired after the season one finale on Teletoon that was not aired on Disney Channel (the original episode remained unaltered).
Between July 27 and July 31, 2012, another testing session for "Humans vs. Vampires" took place in Toronto for an iOS App release for mobile devices to play the game. In the mobile version, Ethan's sister Jane and a character from season 2 named Boltz are added to the game. It's optimized for the fourth generation iPod touch, iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S.
The game is free to download in the App Store under the title "Humans VS Vampires". A one-time 99 cent in-app upgrade allows players to unlock all five good guys and five undead characters. The game has been nominated for a Digi and Kidscreen Award, and won a Canadian Screen Award for Best Cross-Platform Project in Children's and Youth.
International release.
Season 1.
The show originally premiered on Teletoon on March 14, 2011 and on Télétoon on February 28, 2011. In the United States it premiered on June 27, 2011 on Disney Channel. In the UK and Ireland it premiered on October 4, 2011 on Disney Channel and in April 2012 on Disney XD. In India the show premiered on October 21, 2011 on STAR World and on October 28, 2011 on Disney Channel. It began on October 28, 2011 in both Pakistan and Bangladesh on Disney Channel. The series premiered in late 2011 in Australia and New Zealand.
Season 2.
The second season originally premiered on Teletoon on September 6, 2012 and on Télétoon on October 28, 2012. In the United States it premiered on June 29, 2012 on Disney Channel. In the UK and Ireland it premiered on October 22, 2012 on Disney Channel. The season premiered October 6, 2012 on Disney Channel in Australia and New Zealand. It is yet to premiere in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and on Disney XD in the UK & Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="31193934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193934" title="Arda (band)">
Arda (band)

Arda () is a Russian heavy metal band that was formed in 2000 in Moscow, by vocalist Pavel Okunev (ex-Epidemia). 
Band made its breakthrough releasing their debut album «О скитаниях вечных и о земле» (2004) and mini-album «Экзорцист» (2005), with popular songs Egzorcist, Taet sneg, Mrak, Pervaya zima, Net nikogo, Krilyataya tma, Radi zvezd and Tolyko pilj. In 2007 they released their second studio album called «Море исчезающих времён» followed by internet single's «В небо» in 2009 and «Холод» in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31193935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193935" title="Milton Keynes Council election, 2004">
Milton Keynes Council election, 2004

The 2004 Milton Keynes Council election took place on 10 June 2004 to elect members of Milton Keynes Unitary Council in Buckinghamshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Liberal Democrats stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Election result.
The results saw no change in the political composition, with the Liberal Democrats remaining in control of the council. The closest result came in Middleton ward, with the Liberal Democrats holding the seat by 2 votes after 8 recounts. Overall turnout in the election was 37%, an increase of 10% on the 2003 election.

</doc>
<doc id="31193936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193936" title="18th People's Choice Awards">
18th People's Choice Awards

The 18th People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 1991, were held on March 17, 1992 at Universal Studios Hollywood, in Universal City, California. They were hosted by Kenny Rogers, and broadcast on CBS.
Aaron Spelling received a special tribute to celebrate his long career in television.

</doc>
<doc id="31193945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193945" title="Jason Beckett">
Jason Beckett

Jason Beckett (born July 23, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Nottingham Panthers of the British Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL). He was drafted by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 2nd round (42nd overall) of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="31193962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193962" title="David Agmashenebeli University of Georgia">
David Agmashenebeli University of Georgia

Davit Agmashenebeli University – SDASU is a Georgian University that was founded in 1992. The SDASU offers the Bachelor’s (four-year), Master’s (two-years) and Doctoral (three-years) programs according the ECTS (European System of Credits and Transfers) which is based on the modern methods of teaching and evaluation. 
The SDASU is a partner with the universities from the United States, United Kingdom, Germany and Israel. The students are given an opportunity of doing the internships at the universities in these countries.

</doc>
<doc id="31193968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193968" title="Muammar Gaddafi's response to the Libyan Civil War">
Muammar Gaddafi's response to the Libyan Civil War

Muammar Gaddafi (1942 - 2011) attributed the protests against his rule to people who are "rats" and "cockroaches", terms that have been cited by Hutu radicals of the Tutsi population before the Rwanda genocide began, thus causing unease in the global community. Gaddafi accused his opponents as those who have been influenced by hallucinogenic drugs put in drinks and pills. He specifically referred to substances in milk, coffee and Nescafe. He claimed that Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda were distributing these hallucinogenic drugs. He also blamed alcohol.
Gaddafi also claimed that the protests against his rule were a "colonialist plot" by foreign countries to control oil and "enslave" Libyan people. He had asserted that he will chase down the protesters and cleanse the country "house by house". Gaddafi had also stated that "those who don't love me do not deserve to live". On 22 February 2011, Gaddafi mentioned China’s 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre which crashed the democratic movement led by students and threatened widespread killings against dissidents in an appearance on state television as the revolt against his regime consolidated its grip on the eastern half of the country and spread to the suburbs of Tripoli. 
Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam Gaddafi has stated that family will "fight to the last man and woman and bullet".
He denied wrongdoing by government forces. "We are not killing our fellow citizens. We are not dropping bombs on them. We and our loyal army have shown unprecedented tolerance towards our own people, who are already armed with tanks and heavy artillery. But even despite that we do not touch innocent civilians." He said that the largest demonstration the opposition had made was of a few thousand people in Bengazi, and that the opposition was made up of terrorists who publicly executed soldiers of the Libyan army on "dozens of videos" on the Internet. He said that "Libya does not use mercenaries, period", and that half of Libya's population are blacks, some of whom were being falsely labeled as mercenaries. He accused opposition members, whom he called "armed bandits, who are sitting in the tanks", of being "eager to divide the country into two parts — the East and the West."
Arms traffic to Gaddafi.
Russia got billions of dollars worth of arms deals with Gaddafi and government officials were also late to condemn the massacres of civilians. The EU's arms trafficking watchdog organization has observed flights between Tripoli and Belarus. Some of the planes have visited a military base in Baranovichi, Belarus, which has a dedicated military base that only handles stockpiled weaponry and military equipment. Gaddafi's sons have attended Belarusian-Russian military exercises before.
Treatment of civilians.
During ongoing international military operations in Libya to enforce a no-fly zone, the National Transitional Council claimed that Gaddafi was importing civilians to Misrata to use as human shields for pro-Gaddafi tanks and soldiers in an effort to deter airstrikes.
Replacement of unwilling soldiers with mercenaries.
Human Rights Watch said it had seen no evidence of mercenaries being used in eastern Libya. This contradicted widespread earlier reports in the international media that African soldiers had been flown in to fight rebels in the region as Gaddafi sought to keep control.
Soon after Gaddafi started to fight against civilians evidence surfaced that Libyan military units have refused to shoot protesters and Gaddafi had hired foreign mercenaries to do the job. Gaddafi's ambassador to India confirmed that defection of military units had indeed led to such a decision. Video footage of this started to leak out of the country.
Nigerians reported advertisements for mercenaries in Nigerian newspapers in the early days of the conflict.
One group of mercenaries from Niger, who had been recruited from the streets with promises of money, included a soldier of just 13 years of age. On 18 February, it was reported that armed forces with military members from Chad were operating in Benghazi, having been "paid with 5,000 (Dinars) and provided with the latest car models to 'get rid' of Libyan citizen-demonstrators." On 21 February, a lawyer working in Benghazi said that a local security committee formed by native civilians had taken control of the city and had arrested 36 mercenaries from Chad, Niger and Sudan who were allegedly hired by Gaddafi's body guards to fight in the city. On 22 February, there were reports of mercenaries from Chad, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Niger, Mali, Sudan, Tunisia, Morocco, and possibly even Asia and Eastern Europe, fighting in Bayda. Mercenaries allegedly killed 150 people in the city of Bayda. Various other reports told of Chadians operating in Southern Libya, Benghazi and Tripoli. Mercenaries from Chad, Mali and Niger were reportedly working in the rest of eastern Libya. On 23 February, Gaddafi reportedly deployed mercenaries from nearby countries such as Mali, Niger and Chad with some mercenaries from Chad and Niger reportedly in Bengazi and other eastern cities. On 24 February, the Aruba School in the coastal town of Shahhat became the prison for almost 200 suspected pro-Gaddafi mercenaries. They are reportedly part of Libya's Khamis Brigade, the well-equipped 32nd brigade led by Khamis Gaddafi. Rebel forces claimed that after the fall of Bin Jawad to Gaddafi's forces, mercenaries publicly raped, mutilated, and executed captured fighters.
Gaddafi's former Chief of Protocol Nouri Al Misrahi stated in an interview with the Al Jazeera that Nigerien, Malian, Chadian and Kenyan mercenaries are among foreign soldiers helping fight the uprising on behalf of Gaddafi. On 25 February, speculation that members of the Zimbabwe National Army were covertly fighting in Libya grew as Zimbabwe’s Defence Minister Emmerson Mnangagwa avoided giving a straight answer to a question posed in Parliament about it. On the same day, the Foreign Ministry of Chad denied allegations that mercenaries were fighting for Gaddafi, although he admitted it was possible that individuals had joined such groups.
According to African Union chairman Jean Ping, the "NTC seems to confuse black people with mercenaries,". Ping said that for the rebels, "All blacks are mercenaries. If you do that, it means (that the) one-third of the population of Libya, which is black, is also mercenaries. They are killing people, normal workers, mistreating them."
In some cases misidentifications have been reported. Peter Bouckaert reported one case of captured soldiers in Bayda who seemed to be from southern Libya. Libya has a significant black population that could be mistaken for mercenaries but are actually serving in the regular army. Also, many Chadian soldiers who fought for Gaddafi in past conflicts with Chad were given Libyan citizenship.
"The Daily Telegraph" studied the case of a sixteen-year-old captured Chadian child soldier in Bayda. The boy, who had previously been a shepherd in Chad, had gone to a border town to look for work. At a bus stop, a Libyan man had offered him a job and a free flight to Tripoli, but in the end he had been airlifted to shoot opposition members in Eastern Libya. Othman Fadil Othman, the Gaddafi official who had hired the boy in Chad, was captured along the boy in the airport and he claimed he did not know either that they were sent to shoot opposition members. However, according to the "Telegraph", "It seemed more likely that Mr Othman was trying to save his skin than tell the truth. A beefy, confident man of 30, with three wives and several children back home – he told us with a smirk – he spent a career as a party organiser in Gaddafi's bizarre Soviet-style dictatorship, telling people what to do. He worked for the youth wing headed by the dictator's son Saeef. Mr Othman still couldn't quite bring himself to condemn the colonel. It was painfully obvious that he was hopelessly unsuited for Gaddafi's attempt to terrorise his own people into submission. Like nearly all the captives Mr Othman had no military training. Unleashing thugs and mercenaries like him had backfired disastrously."
Non-aligned Yugoslavia and its successor Balkan countries have had long and friendly relations with Libya since Josip Broz Tito's era, with cooperation ranging from civil engineering to military trade. In particular, many Yugoslav planes including Soko G-2 Galeb were exported to Libya, and some were shot down during imposing of a no-fly zone. In response to unconfirmed allegations that Gaddafi hired Serbian pilots and training officers during the early stages of the Libyan uprising, the Serbian Ministry of Defence denied that any of its active or retired personnel were participating in the events in Libya, calling the allegations "total stupidity". Serbia has suspended all military trade with Libya, in accordance with UN resolution 1973. The rumors of Serbian and Ukrainian military staff training and helping Gaddafi forces have also been heard in Libya at the beginning of the conflict, and were reported by Al Jazeera from two Libyan colonels who defected to Malta. However, when asked by Serbian TV Pink, Gaddafi said that opposition forces tried to bribe a Serbian officer to say that he was mercenary for Gaddafi, which he refused, quoting this incident as an example of a failed war propaganda. Miroslav Lazanski, a military expert from ex-Yugoslavia, born in Slovenia but now based in Belgrade, claimed the allegations were nonsense, since Serbian pilots never flew the Sukhoi aircraft that comprised the backbone of the Libyan Air Force.
In June 2011, Amnesty International said it found no evidence of foreign mercenaries being used, saying the black Africans claimed to be "mercenaries" were in fact "sub-Saharan migrants working in Libya," and described the use of mercenaries as a "myth" that "inflamed public opinion" and led to lynchings and executions of black Africans by rebel forces.
Other methods of suppressing protests.
Gaddafi offered an automobile, money and weapons for gangs of three people who will be accompanied by one Gaddafi's officials to drive around Tripoli to deter opposition activities.
The population of some cities were loyal to Gaddafi, one example is his hometown of Sirte which has been well developed. Control over Tripoli came in large part from several elite security brigades, which were well-supplied with arms and training while the regular army was somewhat neglected in order to guard against potential coups. Southwestern Libya contains a large population of sub-Saharan Africans, primarily Chadian refugees who Gaddafi settled there in the 1970s–1980s. Gaddafi had also been recruiting soldiers from among the Tuareg people in southwestern Libya, although the tribe as a whole have announced their support for the protesters.
Internationally, several Latin American nations including Venezuela and Cuba released statements of supports for Gaddafi due to shared social revolutionary backgrounds and alliances.
Censorship.
International journalists were banned by the Libyan authorities from reporting from Libya except by invitation of the Gaddafi government. Additionally, reports suggest that the Internet was widely disrupted. On 13 February, Gaddafi warned against the use of Facebook, and security organisations arrested several prominent internet activists and bloggers. The novelist Idris al-Mesmari was arrested hours after giving an interview with Al Jazeera about the police reaction to protests in Benghazi on 15 February. Rolling Internet censorship occurred mostly but not entirely at night; all Internet traffic was abruptly lost on 18 February. Furthermore, some satellite phones were jammed. By 8 March, the government had allowed a large number of foreign reporters into Tripoli, however the journalists complained of having their movements restricted and the government has complained of biased reporting.
A BBC News crew was beaten and then lined up against a wall by Gaddafi's soldiers, who then shot next to a journalist's ear and laughed at them.
Government media campaign.
Throughout the uprising, Gaddafi had been able to use the state owned television channel, Al-Jamahiriya, to appear as if he and his forces were in control and to craft a pro-government message. For example, channels that appeal to Libyan youth had broadcast Libyans reciting Gaddafi's historical accomplishments and patriotic songs. On 8 March, the state television broadcast what appeared to be Gaddafi loyalists celebrating in Martyrs' Square in Zawiya; however, analysis determined that the footage was actually shot elsewhere, outside of Zawiya. Analysts speculate that this effort at propaganda may not have much of an effect with a population that is accustomed to such tactics. Gaddafi described the Western intervention as "crusader colonial aggression".

</doc>
<doc id="31193973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193973" title="Castilleja elegans">
Castilleja elegans

Castilleja elegans, the elegant Indian paintbrush, is a herbaceous plant species in the genus "Castilleja" found in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31193988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193988" title="Francis Oliver Finch">
Francis Oliver Finch

Francis Oliver Finch (1802–1862), was an English watercolour painter, and a member of The Ancients, the group of young artists formed around Samuel Palmer and the elderly 
William Blake in the 1820s.
Life.
Finch was the son of Francis Finch, a merchant in Friday Street, Cheapside, London, was born on 22 November 1802, and spent his boyhood at Stone, near Aylesbury. When twelve years of age, at that time 
fatherless, he was placed under John Varley, with whom he worked altogether five years, a friend having paid a premium of £200. Among his earliest patrons was Lord Northwick, a patron of the fine arts, who employed FInch in making views of his mansion and grounds. Some time after leaving his master's studio the same friend who had assisted in 
placing him there afforded him the benefit of a tour through Scotland.
After his return he doubted for some time whether he should continue the practice of landscape or enter as a student at the Royal Academy. He joined Sass's life academy and produced several 
portraits, but circumstances drawing him back to landscape-painting he became a candidate for admission into the then newly formed Society of Painters in Water Colours. On 11 February 1822 he was elected an 
associate, and on 4 June 1827 a member of that society. He first exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1817, at that period living at 44 Conduit Street, Bond Street. He married in the spring of 1837, and lived in Charlotte Street for some time, and later in Argyle Square, Euston Road. 
He possessed a fine voice, and was a talented musician, and a poet. He printed a collection of sonnets entitled "An Artist's Dream". 
Works.
Among his best works may be counted "Garmallon's Tomb", (oil 1820); "View of Loch Lomond" (1822); "View on the River Tay" (1827); "View of Windsor Castle" (1829); "View of the College of Aberdeen" (1832); "The Dell of Comus" (1835); "Alpine Scene, Evening" (1838); "A Watch Tower" (1840); "The Thames near Cookham, Berkshire" (1845); "Ruined Temple, Evening" (1852); "Rocky Glen, Evening" (1855); "The Curfew - Gray's Elegy" (1860); "Pastoral Retreat" (1861); and "Moonlight over the Sea" (1862). His portrait was engraved by A. Roffe.
Death.
On 10 October 1861 Finch lost the use of his limbs, and died 27 August 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="31194000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194000" title="List of buildings and structures in Burundi">
List of buildings and structures in Burundi

A list of notable buildings and structures in Burundi:

</doc>
<doc id="31194016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194016" title="2010–11 USC Trojans men's basketball team">
2010–11 USC Trojans men's basketball team

The 2010–11 USC Trojans men's basketball team represented the University of Southern California during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Trojans, led by second year head coach Kevin O'Neill, played their home games at the Galen Center and were members of the Pacific-10 Conference. They finished the season 19–15, 10–8 in Pac-10 play. They lost in the semifinals of the 2011 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament to Arizona. They received an at-large bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they lost in the new "First Four" round to Virginia Commonwealth.
2010–11 Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Pac-10 Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31194042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194042" title="Robert Fergusson (disambiguation)">
Robert Fergusson (disambiguation)

Robert Fergusson was a Scottish poet.
Robert Fergusson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31194044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194044" title="Efficient XML Interchange Working Group">
Efficient XML Interchange Working Group

Efficient XML Interchange Working Group (EXI WG) is a World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) group established in 2006. 
The EXI WG conducted a survey of the various situations and applications in which data exchange using XML were desired, and studied a best solution in which XML-based data exchange could be made sufficiently efficient and reasonable under any conditions. 
The effort of the group is now available as the W3C Recommendation, Efficient XML Interchange Format 1.0. 
Fujitsu has been participating in the EXI WG as a charter member and serving as a co-chair of the group since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31194051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194051" title="LazySave">
LazySave

LazySave is a proprietary backup software for Windows first released in 1998.
LazySave is a screensaver. It provides a feature rich interface enabling Duplication, Differential and Version Control backups. The latest version adds the ability to create a new folder each day if required. Most backup software is configured to run at specific times and so can be annoying if it slows down your computer. LazySave runs on your computer when you are not there, as it is a screensaver. As a consequence, the time between your files changing and your files being backed up, is minimised.

</doc>
<doc id="31194056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194056" title="Chirvat-türkisi">
Chirvat-türkisi

Chirvat-türkisi or Croatian song (Bosnian and Croatian: Hrvatska pjesma) is a love song from c. 1588/89, written in Arabica by a certain Mehmed in Transylvania. It does also contain a number of German, Hungarian and Latin songs written in the Arabic script. This manuscript is held in the National Library in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="31194057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194057" title="LeRoy Apker">
LeRoy Apker

LeRoy W. Apker (11 June 1915 – 1970) was an American experimental physicist. Along with his colleagues E. A. Taft and Jean Dickey, he studied the photoelectric emission of electrons from semiconductors and discovered the phenomenon of exciton-induced photoemission in potassium iodide. In 1955, he received the Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize of the American Physical Society for his work.
Biography.
Born in Rochester, New York on 11 June 1915, Apeker attended the University of Rochester, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1937. He then commenced graduate studies there under Lee Alvin DuBridge, along with fellow graduate students Ernest Courant, Esther M. Conwell, Robert H. Dicke, and others. He received his Ph.D. in physics in 1941. Also in 1941, he began working for the General Electric Research Laboratory in Schenectady, New York.
Research.
Photoelectric effect in semiconductors.
While at General Electric, he began to research the photoelectric effect, which causes matter to emit electrons when exposed to some types of electromagnetic radiation. In 1916 Robert Andrews Millikan, while verifying the photoelectric equations of Albert Einstein, had proposed the idea that photoelectrons emitted from semiconductors should behave in a different way than those emitted from other types of matter, and a very similar theory was advanced by Edward Condon in 1938.
In 1948 Apker, working with E. A. Taft and J. E. Dickey, he completed experiments that confirmed Condon's theory. The main discovery made was that photoelectrons from some semiconductors moved much slower than photelectrons from metals with the same work function, an unexpected result which was used to increase understanding of the electronic structure of semiconductors.
Flash filament method.
Apker was also active in the field of vacuum science. In 1948 he developed the flash filament method for measuring very low pressures, which was the first widely used method for measuring pressures less than formula_1 Torr. In this method, a gas is allowed to adsorb onto a clean tungsten filament for a set amount of time, and the filament is then rapidly heated. The gas adsorbed onto the filament is released, and the resulting pressure burst can be measured. Though very time consuming, the flash filament method was later used for thermal desorption spectroscopy.
Potassium iodide.
Apker followed up his work on the photoelectric effect with an investigation of the photoelectric properties of the alkali halides, particularly potassium iodide. In potassium iodide, an ionic crystal, some iodide ions can be removed and their vacant places will be filled by electrons. Called "F-Centers," these defects absorb visible and ultraviolet light, coloring the crystals at photon energies where they are usually transparent. Additionally, the absorption of visible radiation can free trapped electrons inside the crystal and produce photoconductivity.
Apker found that in addition to visible radiation, near-ultraviolet radiation also produces photoconductitivty. Deeper into the ultraviolet spectrum, however, potassium iodide has a strong absorption line due to the formation of chargeless particles called excitons. These excitons transfer energy to the electrons in the F-Centers with remarkably high efficiency, and these excited electrons are excited from the crystals in exciton-induced photoemission. Apker observed the same sort of behavior in other crystals such as barium oxide.
Legacy.
In 1978, Apker's wife and colleague Jean Dickey Apker established the LeRoy Apker Award of the American Physical Society in memory of Apker. The award is presented to two college undergraduates each year.

</doc>
<doc id="31194069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194069" title="Popa Island">
Popa Island

Popa Island (in Spanish: "Isla Popa") is the second largest island in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama, with 53 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="31194082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194082" title="1994–95 South Pacific cyclone season">
1994–95 South Pacific cyclone season

The 1994–95 South Pacific cyclone season was one of the least active South Pacific tropical cyclone season's on record, with only three tropical cyclones officially occurring within the South Pacific Ocean basin between 160°E and 120°W. The season ran from November 1, 1994 until April 30, 1995 with the first disturbance of the season developing on November 12 and the last disturbance dissipating on March 17. The most intense tropical cyclone during the season was Tropical Cyclone William, which affected the Cook Islands. After the season the name William was retired, from the tropical cyclone naming lists.
During the season, tropical cyclones were officially monitored by the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centers (TCWC) in Nadi, Fiji, Wellington, New Zealand and Brisbane, Australia. Throughout the season the United States Navy also monitored the basin and issued unofficial warnings, through its Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) and Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center (NPMOC). Tropical cyclones that were located between the Equator and 25S were monitored by TCWC Nadi while any that were located to the south of 25S were monitored by TCWC Wellington. During the season the JTWC issued warnings on any tropical cyclone that was located between 160°E and 180° while the NPMOC issued warnings for tropical cyclones forming between 180° and the American coast. TCWC Nadi, Wellington and Brisbane all used the Australian Tropical Cyclone Intensity Scale, and measured windspeeds over a 10-minute period, while the JTWC and the NPMOC measured sustained windspeeds over a 1-minute period.
__TOC__
Seasonal summary.
The season was one of the most inactive tropical cyclone seasons on record, with only two tropical cyclones officially occurring within the South Pacific Ocean basin between 160°E and 120°W. The first tropical depression of the season developed out of an area of convection on November 12 to the northeast of Vanuatu, before it was named Vania on November 14 after it had become a category one tropical cyclone. The cyclone went on to end a long dry spell in Vanuatu, before it last noted on November 19 to the west of Port Vila, Vanuatu. The basin remained quiet until December 13, when Tropical Depression 04P developed to the east of the Solomon Islands, before going on to affect Fiji and Tonga. During the final days of 1994, Tropical Cyclone William developed to the northeast of American Samoa. Throughout its lifetime, William moved southeast and affected parts of French Polynesia and the Cook Islands before becoming extratropical on January 3. After William left the basin on January 5, the basin remained quiet until March 16, when Tropical Depression 18P developed near Fiji, before dissipating during the next day. After the season had ended the name William was retired from the tropical cyclone naming lists, while in June 1995, the World Meteorological Organization made TCWC Nadi an Regional Specialized Meteorological Center.
Storms.
Tropical Cyclone Vania.
On November 12, TCWC Nadi reported that a tropical depression had developed within a persistent area of convection, that was located about to the northeast of Port Vila, Vanuatu. Over the next couple of days the depression gradually developed further as it started to move towards the southwest, before the JTWC started to issue warnings on it during November 13 and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 01P after it had become equivalent to a tropical storm. Early on November 14, as the system passed near the Solomon Island of Tikopia, TCWC Nadi reported that the system had become a category one tropical cyclone on the Australian scale, and named it as Vania. During that day as it continued to move towards the south — southwest and intensify, it started to affect Vanautu with storm force windspeeds and heavy rain which helped break a long dry spell in Vanuatu.
Early on November 15, TCWC Nadi reported that Vania had become a category two tropical cyclone with peak 10-minute sustained windspeeds of between , while the JTWC reported peak 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 110 km/h (70 mph) which made it equivalent to a tropical storm. Later that day Vania passed near or over several of the Vanuatuan islands as it continued to move towards the south — southwest, and started to weaken as it encountered a higher amount of vertical windshear. During the following day, TCWC Nadi reported that Vania had weakened into a category one tropical cyclone as the systems low level circulation stalled, before it turned and started to move westwards while located to the north of New Caledonia. During November 17, as the system had become sheared the JTWC issued their final advisory on Vania, before the systems remnant low level circulation was last noted by TCWC Nadi and the JTWC during November 19, while it was located about to the west of Port Vila, Vanuatu. Only minor damage to crops and bush houses was reported to have occurred in the archipelago while no deaths were reported. As a result of Vania affecting parts of Vanuatu during November 15, voting in provincial elections had to be extended by 24 hours.
Tropical Depression 04P.
On December 13, the US Navy started to monitor an area of disturbed weather that was located about 720 km (480 mi), to the east of Honiara in the Solomon Islands. During that day, TCWC Nadi started to monitor the system as a tropical depression as the system moved southeast towards Fiji. Over the next couple of days, the depression continued to move southeast towards Fiji and gradually developed further. On December 15, the NPMOC initiated advisories on the depression and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 04P, while it was located about 110 km (70 mi) to the northeast of Labasa, Fiji. Later that day, the NPMOC reported that the system had become a tropical storm and reached its peak 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km/h (40 mph), as it affected several Fijian islands including Vanua Levu and Thikombia. During December 16, the cyclone continued to move towards the southeast and started to affect Tonga before the NPMOC issued their final warning on the system as it had weakened into a tropical depression. During the next day, the depression moved into TCWC Wellingtons area of responsibility and was subsequently declared extratropical.
Tropical Cyclone William.
On December 30, TCWC Nadi reported that a tropical depression had developed about 860 km (535 mi), to the northeast of Pago Pago in American Samoa. During the next day, as the depression moved to the southeast it gradually developed further, before the NPMOC designated the depression as Tropical Cyclone 05P. TCWC Nadi then reported early on January 1, that the depression had developed into a category one tropical cyclone. However they did not name it as William, until later that day. Throughout January 1, the system continued to intensify, as it moved towards the southeast. TCWC Nadi then reported early the next day, that William had become a category two tropical cyclone as it passed near to the Southern Cook Islands while the NPMOC reported that William, had reached its peak 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 120 km/h (75 mph). During that day, William accelerated towards the southeast, before TCWC Nadi reported that William had reached its peak 10-minute windspeeds of 110 km/h (70 mph) while affecting parts of French Polynesia.
During January 3, William continued to move rapidly into the Southeastern Pacific Ocean and started to transition into an extratropical cyclone as it approached TCWC Wellingtons area of responsibility. As William moved into TCWC Wellingtons area of responsibility, the NPMOC issued their final advisory on William as it became an extratropical cyclone. Williams remnants were then tracked by TCWC Wellington until January 5 as they continued to move towards the east and out of the South Pacific basin. Within the Cook Islands, William destroyed a causeway to a tourist resort on Aitutaki, and caused damage to houses, crops and coconut trees with the total cost estimated at US . William injured two people and destroyed over 150 houses in French Polynesia, where local leaders accused Météo-France off underestimating Williams intensity.
Tropical Depression 18P.
On March 15, the US Navy started to monitor an area of disturbed weather, that had developed about 245 km (150 mi) to the northeast of Nadi, Fiji. During that day the depression moved towards the southeast and gradually developed further while moving around the south coast of Viti Levu. During the next day, the NPMOC initiated advisories on the area of disturbed weather and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 18P, with 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 55 km/h (35 mph). During the following day as the depression did not intensify any further as it continued to move towards the southeast. The NPMOC then issued their final advisory on the system later that day, as the depression dissipated about 960 km (600 mi) to the southeast of Nuku'alofa, Tonga.
Season effects.
This table lists all the storms that developed in the South Pacific basin during the 1994–95 season. It includes their intensity on the Australian Tropical cyclone intensity scale, duration, name, areas affected, deaths, and damages. For most storms the data is taken from TCWC Nadi and Wellingtons archives, however data for 04P and 18P have been taken from the JTWC archives as opposed to TCWC Nadi and Wellington's, and thus the winds are over 1-minute as opposed to 10-minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="31194089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194089" title="1995–96 South Pacific cyclone season">
1995–96 South Pacific cyclone season

The 1995–96 South Pacific cyclone season was one of the least active South Pacific tropical cyclone season's on record, with only four tropical cyclones occurring within the South Pacific Ocean to the east of 160°E. The season officially ran from November 1, 1995 until April 30, 1996. The first storm developed on January 12, while the last one dissipated on April 2. During the season the most intense tropical cyclone was Severe Tropical Cyclone Beti, which reached a minimum pressure of 935 hPa (27.61 inHg) as it affected New Caledonia. After the season ended Beti's name was the only name to be retired from the tropical cyclone naming lists and was replaced with Bune, after it inflicted over 4.3 million (USD) worth of damage to Australia, Vanuatu, New Caledonia and New Zealand.
During the season, tropical cyclones were officially monitored by the Regional Specialized Meteorological Center (RSMC) in Nadi, Fiji, and the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centers (TCWC) in Brisbane, Australia and Wellington, New Zealand. Throughout the season the United States Navy also monitored the basin and issued unofficial warnings, through its Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) and Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center (NPMOC). Tropical cyclones that were located between 160°E and 120°W as well as the Equator and 25°S were monitored by RSMC Nadi while any that were located to the south of 25°S between 160°E and 120°W were monitored by TCWC Wellington. During the season the JTWC issued warnings on any tropical cyclone that was located between 160°E and 180° while the NPMOC issued warnings for tropical cyclones forming between the 180° and the American coast. RSMC Nadi and TCWC Wellington both used the Australian Tropical Cyclone Intensity Scale, and measured windspeeds over a 10-minute period during the season, while the JTWC and the NPMOC measured sustained windspeeds over a 1-minute period.
__TOC__
Seasonal summary.
Because of a weak La Nina event, most tropical cyclones that developed within the season occurred within the Coral Sea. The weak La Nina also affected the amount of tropical cyclones that occurred during the year with only 4 tropical cyclones occurring the season as a whole became one of the most inactive tropical cyclone seasons since 1969-70. The first tropical cyclone of the season, Yasi, developed on January 12 as a tropical depression before it was named on January 16. As a tropical cyclone, Yasi brought significant rain to both Fiji and Tonga before it dissipated on January 19 to the south of Papette in French Polynesia. After Yasi dissipated, no tropical cyclones were recorded in the basin until March 9; however on February 12, a tropical low developed to the west of New Caledonia. Over the next 24 hours the low deepened to about 1002 hPa before it crossed 160°E and moved into the Australian region where it became known as the Queen Elizabeth II storm. On February 22 and 23, a shallow tropical depression moved around the Fijian archipelago and caused some flooding of low lying areas in Vanua Levu. On March 9 and 10, Tropical Cyclones Zaka and Atu both developed near New Caledonia, about apart and took similar tracks towards the southeast before becoming extratropical. On March 21, the final tropical cyclone of the season developed to the northeast of Vanuatu. Over the next couple of days the depression gradually developed further and was named as Beti, before it passed over Vanuatu and New Caledonia. On March 29, after it had passed over New Caledonia, Beti degenerated into an extratropical cyclone, before dissipating on April 2. After the season ended the name Beti was retired from the tropical cyclone naming lists.
Storms.
Tropical Cyclone Yasi.
On January 12, RSMC Nadi reported that a tropical depression had developed over the Fijian island of Vanua Levu, about 430 km (270 mi) to the south of Labasa. Over the next few days, the depression moved towards the southeast before it started to affect Tonga on January 15. During the following day, the depression rapidly developed further as it interacted with the South Pacific Convergence Zone, before the NPMOC initiated warnings on the system and designated it as 08P. At 0000 UTC on January 17, the NPMOC reported that the depression had reached its peak 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 85 km/h (50 mph) while RSMC Nadi reported that the depression had intensified into a tropical cyclone while it was located about 510 km (320 mi) to the southeast of Nukualofa, Tonga. However RSMC Nadi did not name it Yasi for another 12 hours, while the system reached its peak 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 85 km/h (50 mph). After it was named on January 17, Yasi accelerated towards the southeast, before it moved out of RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility. During January 18, the NPMOC issued their final warning because Yasi had degenerated into an extratropical cyclone. TCWC Wellington monitored Yasi's remnants for another day, before they dissipated about 1520 km (940 mi) to the south of Papette, French Polynesia. Although no major damage was reported from any of the islands affected some minor damage was reported in Tonga, after Yasi caused heavy rainfall there.
Tropical Cyclone Zaka.
On March 9, RSMC Nadi started to monitor a tropical depression had developed within an active convergence zone, about 150 km (95 mi) to the northwest of Noumea, New Caledonia. During that day an upper level trough moved over New Zealand which brought the jet stream over New Caledonia. As a result this made the depression hard to locate with satellite imagery. However later that day despite the system being poorly organized, RSMC Nadi reported that the depression had intensified into a tropical cyclone and named it Zaka. As they named it RSMC Nadi reported that the system had reached its peak 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km/h (40 mph) with further development of the system restricted by strong vertical wind shear. Early on March 10, the JTWC designated Zaka as Tropical Cyclone 20P, while it had its peak 1-minute windspeeds of 75 km/h (45 mph). RSMC Nadi then issued their final advisory at 0600 UTC, as Zaka had weakened into a tropical depression and was moving into TCWC Wellingtons area of responsibility. TCWC Wellington and the JTWC monitored Zaka for another day before it was last noted during March 11 as it became an extratropical cyclone. Zaka dumped of rain on Vanuatu in just 24 hours.
Tropical Cyclone Atu.
On March 4, the JTWC started to monitor an area of disturbed weather that had developed within the Australian region about 900 km (560 mi), to the southeast of Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea. Over the next few days, the system remained weak and gradually moved southeast before it crossed 160°E and moved into the basin on March 9. During the next day, both the JTWC and RSMC Nadi started to monitor the system as a tropical depression as it moved through the Loyalty Islands. On March 11, the depression intensified into a tropical cyclone as it moved southeastward, prompting RSMC Nadi to name it Atu at 1800 UTC. Early on March 12, the JTWC reported that Atu had reached its peak 1-minute windspeeds of 100 km/h (65 mph). Later that morning RSMC Nadi reported that Atu had reached its peak 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 85 km/h (50 mph). After it had peaked in intensity, Atu weakened under the influence of strong vertical windshear before the JTWC and RSMC Nadi issued their final advisories during March 13 as Atu had become extratropical. Atu's remnants were then monitored by RSMC Nadi and TCWC Wellington until they dissipated on March 18.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Beti.
On March 19, the JTWC started to monitor a tropical disturbance that was located about 1145 km (710 mi) to the northwest of Suva, Fiji. Over the next couple of days the system moved towards the south and gradually developed further in an area of low vertical windshear, before the system was designated as Tropical Depression 23P by the JTWC and RSMC Nadi on March 21. Over the next couple of days, 23P moved further towards the south, before the depression started to move towards the southwest as a ridge of high pressure strengthened on March 23. Later that day, RSMC Nadi reported that the depression had intensified into a category 1 tropical cyclone and named it as Beti. During that day, Beti continued to develop further before the system moved into the Coral Sea on March 24, after passing over the Vanuatuan islands of Pentecost and Malekula. As Beti moved into the Coral Sea, the system quickly intensified further, with RSMC Nadi reporting on March 25 that Beti had intensified into a category 3 severe tropical cyclone. As Beti intensified into a severe tropical cyclone, the ridge of high pressure weakened as it interacted with an upper level trough of low pressure. As a result, the system started to move towards the south-southeast.
Over the next couple of days Beti continued to intensify as it moved towards New Caledonia, before the JTWC reported at 1800 UTC on March 26, that Beti had reached its peak 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 195 km/h (120 mph). Six hours later, RSMC Nadi reported that the system had peaked as a category 4 severe tropical cyclone with 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 165 km/h (105 mph). Later on March 27, Severe Tropical Cyclone Beti made landfall on the Grande Terre island of New Caledonia near its peak intensity and quickly weakened into a category 2 tropical cyclone. During the next day, Beti moved towards the southeast under the influence of the trough, reemerging into the Coral Sea as a weakening tropical cyclone that had started to transition into an extratropical cyclone. Later on March 28, RSMC Nadi passed the primary warning responsibility of the cyclone to TCWC Wellington, before the JTWC issued their final advisory on Beti as it had become extratropical. Over the next few days, TCWC Wellington continued to monitor Beti's remnants, as they came under the influence of a high pressure area and moved around New Zealand's East Coast, before they were last noted on April 2 while located about 1400 km (870 mi) to the southeast of Wellington.
While it was active, Cyclone Beti was responsible for 2 deaths and caused damage in Australia, New Caledonia, New Zealand, and Vanuatu. The most significant damage occurred in New Caledonia where wind and flooding destroyed crops, gardens and caused disruption to the electricity network, water supply, road and telephone communications. Many homes and roads were also badly damaged, with over 50% of lower standard housing on the outskirts of Noumea damaged after rivers and creeks burst their banks. Press reports indicated that Beti inflicted between FF 22- (US$4.3 - ) in damage to New Caledonia and that only a few injuries had occurred.. Within Vanuatu, Beti caused about , () in damage to food gardens and shelters. As an extratropical cyclone, Beti generated a high surf and long period swells that hit both eastern Australia and New Zealand. Within Australia, the high surf left several competitors in the Australian life surfing championships injured, while another competitor was killed after his boat was swamped by large waves. Within New Zealand, Beti's remnants caused flooding and mud-slips, which led to several roads being closed. A helicopter and its pilot were lost at the height of the storm, while they were travelling from Napier to Gisborne.

</doc>
<doc id="31194092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194092" title="Modern competitive archery">
Modern competitive archery

Modern competitive archery involves shooting arrows at a target for accuracy from a set distance or distances. This is the most popular form of competitive archery worldwide and is called target archery. A form particularly popular in Europe and America is field archery, shot at targets generally set at various distances in a wooded setting. There are also several other lesser-known and historical forms, as well as archery novelty games.
Note that the tournament rules vary from organization to organization. WA rules are often considered normative, but large non-WA-affiliated archery organizations do exist with different rules.
Target archery.
Modern competitive target archery is often governed by the World Archery Federation, abbreviated as WA (sometimes also referred to as FITA, from its former French name of "Fédération Internationale de Tir à l'Arc"). Olympic rules are derived from WA rules. 
Target archery competitions may be held indoors or outdoors. Indoor distances are and . Outdoor distances range from to . Competition is divided into "ends" of 3 or 6 arrows. After each end, the competitors walk to the target to score and retrieve their arrows. Archers have a set time limit in which to shoot their arrows.
Targets are marked with 10 evenly spaced concentric rings, which have score values from 1 through 10 assigned to them. In addition, there is an inner 10 ring, sometimes called the X ring. This becomes the 10 ring at indoor compound competitions. Outdoors, it serves as a tiebreaker with the archer scoring the most X's winning. Archers score each end by summing the scores for their arrows. Line breakers, an arrow just touching a scoring boundary line, will be awarded the higher score.
Most targets in competitive archery use some kind of stalks of grain or grass and may be constructed of marsh grass woven into a rope then wrapped around into a target. 
Different rounds and distances use different size target faces. These range from ( WA Indoor) to ( and WA, used in Olympic competition).
Field archery.
Field archery involves shooting at targets of varying (and sometimes unmarked) distance, often in rough terrain.
Three common types of rounds (in the NFAA) are the field, hunter, and animal. A round consists of 28 targets in two units of 14 (until the early 60's two rounds of 28 were shot for 56 targets). Field rounds are at 'even' distances up to 80 yards (some of the shortest are measured in feet instead), using targets with a black bullseye (5 points), a white center (4) ring, and black outer (3) ring. Hunter rounds use 'uneven' distances up to , and although scoring is identical to a field round, the target has an all-black face with a white bullseye. Children and youth positions for these two rounds are closer, no more than 30 and , respectively. Animal rounds use life-size 2D animal targets with 'uneven' distances reminiscent of the hunter round. The rules and scoring are also significantly different. The archer begins at the first station of the target and shoots his first arrow. If it hits, he does not have to shoot again. If it misses, he advances to station two and shoots a second arrow, then to station three for a third if needed. Scoring areas are vital (20, 16, or 12) and nonvital (18, 14, or 10) with points awarded depending on which arrow scored first. Again, children and youth shoot from reduced range.
One goal of field archery is to improve the technique required for bowhunting in a more realistic outdoor setting, but without introducing the complication and guesswork of unknown distances. As with golf, fatigue can be an issue as the athlete walks the distance between targets across sometimes rough terrain.
IFAA Field and International rounds are used in European Professional Archery competition.
Other modern competitions.
The following are listed on the WA website. These competitions are not as popular as the two listed above, but they are competed internationally.
3D archery.
3D archery is a subset of field archery focusing on shooting at life-size models of game and is popular with hunters. It is most common to see unmarked distances in 3D archery, as the goal is to accurately recreate a hunting environment for competition.
Though the goal is hunting practice, hunting broadheads are not used, as they would tear up the foam targets too much. Normal target or field tips, of the same weight as the intended broadhead, are used instead.
In the past 10 years 3D archery has taken new light with a competitive edge. There is a whole new group of competitions that are no longer considered hunting practice. Competitions are held in many U.S. states with the totals from each state being added together to crown a single winner within each division. Some competitors will travel thousands of miles a year to compete to try and claim the world title in 3D archery. This competitive style has been growing in many other countries and should continue with strong support for many years to come.
The major 3d archery groups are the IBO (International Bowhunting Organization) and the ASA (American Shooters Association) are primarily based in Eastern United States. They each have different rules and scoring methods. They host a number of competitive shoots across the Eastern United States. There are several classes in each organization that range from hunter all the way up to professional classes. Each class shoots at maximum yardages that vary by class.
Clout archery (G.N.A.S. rules in the United Kingdom).
Similar to target archery, except that the archer attempts to drop arrows at long range (180 yards/ for the men and 140 yards/ for women; there are shorter distances for juniors depending on age) into a group of concentric circular scoring zones on the ground surrounding a marker flag. Traditional clout archery, up to Elizabethan times, was shot at 'twelve score', 240 yards. The flag is 12 inches () square and is fixed to a stick. The flag should be as near to the ground as is practicable. Archers shoot 'ends' of six arrows then, when given the signal to do so, archers proceed to the target area. A Clout round usually consists of 36 arrows. Clout tournaments are usually a 'Double Clout' round (36 arrows shot twice). They can be shot in one direction (one way) or both directions (two way). All bow types may compete (longbows, recurve, barebow and compound).
Crossbow archery (IAU rules internationally).
The International Crossbow-shooting Union (Internationale Armbrustschutzen Union – IAU) was founded in Landshut, Germany on June 24, 1956 as the world governing body for crossbow target shooting. The IAU supervises World, Continental and International crossbow shooting championships in 3 disciplines; 30m Match-crossbow, 10m Match-crossbow and Field-crossbow archery. IAU World Championships take place every two years with Continental Championships on intervening years. Other International and IAU-Cup events take place annually.
Field-crossbow archery was first adopted by the IAU during their General Assembly at Frütigen, Switzerland in 1977. Since then the sport has become the most poplar, in terms of worldwide activity, of the IAU's three target crossbow disciplines. A feature of this sport is that many crossbow archers make their own equipment. By following the detailed guidelines issued by the IAU's Technical Committee it is possible to construct a field crossbow from locally available archery materials and target shooting accessories. The IAU's Field regulations call for the wearing of light-weight sports clothing, thereby eliminating the need for specialized (and costly) shooting clothing. Shooting takes place on open sports fields or in sports halls using portable archery target buttresses, once again avoiding the need for the expense of permanent shooting ranges (subject to IAU and local safety regulations being met).
Crossbow archers shoot from the standing position and they must draw the bow string by hand without mechanical assistance. At outdoor competitions Bolts (arrows) are shot in "ends" (series) of three at multi-coloured 10-zone archery target faces. A time limit of three minutes is allowed per three shots. After a sound signal from the official in charge of shooting, all competitors walk forward together to score and collect their bolts from the targets. This sequence is repeated until the completion of the competition 'round'.
Equipment – Field-crossbows are designed to specifications laid-down by the International Crossbow-shooting Union (IAU). These rules limit the power, weight and physical dimensions of equipment for use in archery-style competition. Other restrictions include the use of mechanical triggers and open sights only. The bowstring has to be drawn by hand without the use of mechanical assistance. The materials used in construction include laminated hardwoods, aluminium alloy and composites. The prod, or bow, is usually made from laminated carbon-fibre or glass-fibre which is fitted with a bowstring made from synthetic fibres. The maximum permitted draw weight is 43 kilos at a maximum power stroke of . Shooting a 20 gram bolt this set up will generate an initial velocity of around 67 meters per second. Field crossbow bolts are made from tubular aluminium or carbon-fibre archery shaft materials.
The majority of the crossbows used in this sport are custom made in small quantities, often by the archers themselves.
IAU Championships Timeline – 1958 1st European Match-crossbow Championships Gent Belgium, 1979 1st World Match-crossbow Championships Linz Austria, 1982 1st World Field-crossbow Championships Mikkeli Finland, 1989 1st European Field-crossbow Championships Wolverhampton England, 1992 1st Asian Field-crossbow Championships Tainan Taiwan ROC.
Flight archery.
In flight archery the aim is to shoot the greatest distance; accuracy or penetrating power are not relevant. It requires a large flat area such as an aerodrome; the Ottoman Empire established an "arrow field" (Ok-Meidan) in Istanbul and there were others in several major cities. Turkish flight archery astonished early modern Europeans, whose wooden longbows and heavy arrows had much shorter maximum ranges; in 1795 Mahmoud Effendi, a secretary at the Turkish Embassy in London, made a shot of 482 yards on Finsbury Fields, and reportedly apologised for an indifferent performance by Turkish standards.
Modern rules have flight archers shooting in various classes and weights. Generally they shoot six arrows at each "end" and then search for all of them. Only four ends are usual in one shoot (as per UK rules – in the US only one end is permitted). At the end of the shoot, archers stay by or mark their furthest arrows while judges and their assistants measure the distances achieved.
Flight archery relies on the finest in performance equipment, optimized for the single purpose of greater range, using various types of bows (some unusual such as foot bows). The search for better flight archery equipment has led to many developments in archery equipment in general, such as the development of carbon arrows.
Flight archery arrows are highly specialised. They are very short (Mahmoud Effendi's was only 14 inches), so that the point of the arrow is inside the arc of the fully drawn bow, requiring a support projecting back from the bow towards the archer to keep the arrow in position, or the use of a 'siper'(Turkish) on the bow hand/wrist on which to rest the arrow. Also, the shafts are 'barrelled', tapering towards both ends from the middle, to reduce both weight and air resistance.
Ski archery.
An event very similar to the sport of biathlon except a recurve bow is used in place of a gun. The athletes ski around a cross-country track and there are two stances in which the athlete must shoot the targets: kneeling and standing. During competition the skis must not be removed at any time. The athlete may unfasten the ski when shooting in the kneeling position but must keep the foot in contact with the ski. The shooting distance is 18 meters and the targets in diameter. In certain events, for every missed target, the athlete must ski one penalty loop. The loop is 150 meters long. In summer or regions with little snow, the European run archery is a mentionable alternative.
Traditional competitions.
The following are not listed on the WA website but are competitions that have a long tradition in their respective countries.
Beursault.
A traditional northern French and Belgian archery contest. Archers teams shoot alternately at two targets facing each other, 50 meters away. A perpendicular array of wooden walls secures a path parallel to the shooting range. After each round, the archers take their own arrow and shoot directly in the opposite direction (thus having opposite windage). One always shoots the same arrow, supposedly the best built, as it was difficult in medieval times to have constant arrow quality. The round black-and-white target mimics the size of a soldier: its diameter is shoulder-wide, the center is heart-sized.
Popinjay (or Papingo).
A form of archery originally derived from shooting birds on church steeples. Popinjay is popular in Belgium, and in Belgian Clubs internationally but little known elsewhere. Traditionally, archers stand within () of the bottom of a () mast and shoot almost vertically upwards with 'blunts' (arrows with rubber caps on the front instead of a point), and 'flu-flu' fletchings (very large, wound round the shaft to quickly reduce speed and distance of flight) the object being to dislodge any one of a number of wooden 'birds'. These birds must be one Cock, four Hens, and a minimum of twenty-four Chicks. A Cock scores 5 points when hit and knocked off its perch; a Hen, 3; and a Chick, 1 point. A horizontal variation with Flemish origins also exists and is also practiced in Canada and the United States
A Papingo is also hosted during the summer in Scotland by the Ancient Society of Kilwinning Archers. The archers shoot at a wooden bird suspended from the steeple of Kilwinning Abbey. Here only one bird is the target, and the archers take it in turn to shoot with a longbow until the "bird" is shot down.
Roving marks.
Roving marks is the oldest form of competitive archery, as practiced by Henry VIII. The archers will shoot to a "mark" then shoot from that mark to another mark. A mark is a post or flag to be aimed at. As with clout a rope or ribbon is used to score the arrows. In the Finsbury Mark the scoring system is 20 for hitting the mark, 12 for within ~3 ft, 7 points for within the next ~6 ft and 3 points for within the next ~9 ft. "Hoyles" are marks that are chosen at the time from the variety of debris, conspicuous weeds, and so on found in most outdoor areas. As the distances have to be estimated this is good practice for bowhunting, and it requires minimal equipment.
Wand shoot.
A traditional English archery contest. Archers take turns shooting at a vertical strip of wood, the wand, usually about six feet high and three to six inches (152 mm) wide. Points are awarded for hitting the strip. As the target is a long vertical strip this competition allows for more errors in elevation, however since no points are awarded for near misses the archer's windage accuracy becomes more important. The wand shoot is, in some respects, similar to the traditional Cherokee game of cornstalk shooting.
Other competitions.
Archers often enjoy adding variety to their sport by shooting under unusual conditions or by imposing other special restrictions or rules on the event. These competitions are often less formalized and are more or less considered as games. Some forms include the broadhead round, bionic and running bucks, darts, archery golf, night shooting, and turkey tester.
Historical reenactment.
Archery is popularly used in historical reenactment events. This sort of event usually combines education of the audience about aspects of archery (such as the bow, arrows, and practice drill), combined with a demonstration or competition of archery in the style most favored by the period on display, generally in period costume.
Archery education.
A relatively new program has developed in U.S. schools called the National Archery in Schools Program (NASP). In this students use Genesis bows (a compound-style bow without a let-off). This is similar to a physical education programs, and students who want to can also go to state and national shoots to compete against other schools. Though started in the United States, it has begun to spread to other countries.
Many sportsman's clubs and similar establishments throughout the US and other countries offer archery education programs for those under 18. These programs are commonly referred to as Junior Olympic Archery Development Programs, or simply JOAD. There are over 250 JOAD Clubs recognized by the National Archery Association.
4-H is also offering archery as an activity for those under 18. Usually members are have to have certain requirements for the bows they shoot (ex. use a Genesis Bow, no sights, no release, etc.). Members of archery 4-H clubs and those who use archery as their project can compete in target archery and field archery competitions.
Archery with humans as targets, or very near the target.
Demonstrations of archery skill are sometimes featured as entertainment in circuses or wild west shows. Sometimes these acts feature a performer acting as a human "target" (strictly speaking they are not the target as the objective of the archer is to narrowly miss them, however they are frequently referred to as human targets). Archery in this context is sometimes known as one of the "impalement arts", a category which also includes knife throwing and sharpshooting demonstrations. Apache boys were trained to protect themselves by giving them a shield and having several warriors shoot at them with blunt arrows, which can still do severe damage.
In some recreational groups, a form of archery known as combat archery is practiced, where several archers divided into "lights" and "heavies", namely those wearing armour or not, shoot at each other with cushion-tipped arrows from low-powered longbows, with a maximum draw-weight of . The rules of combat archery dictate that no archer may shoot at a light, however all may shoot at a heavy. Combat archery can be an interesting challenge for participants, as it involves shooting at moving targets, and can be used to re-create battles. In Australia, it is more common for 'lights' to wear enough protection that they can shoot at each other as well.
It is important to note the strict separation between archery practised as a competitive sport and archery as an impalement art. For example, organising bodies for competitive archery prohibit activity that involves deliberate shooting in the general direction of a human being. The separation between the worlds of competition archery and the impalement arts is more marked than that between, for example, knife throwing as a sport and as an entertainment. While some competition knife throwers have also performed circus acts and there are official organisations that embrace both worlds, there is little or no evidence of such crossover in archery, with perhaps the sole exception of reenactment groups (e.g. Society for Creative Anachronism), where archers can both compete in a tournament (target archery) and participate in combat archery, shooting with light bows and special safety arrows at well armoured warriors (often knights).
However archery involving a person in the vicinity of the target is a particularly dangerous practice and, even with very experienced performers, there have been cases of very serious injury.
Another situation where archery features as an entertainment is in its portrayal in movies. Howard Hill used his extraordinary accuracy for the archery in the movie "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938) starring Errol Flynn. He used a heavy hunting bow to hit small reinforced target areas on the chests of actors in motion. Hill also performed stunts such as shooting an apple held by a volunteer and shooting a stone as it was thrown in the air. Some of his stunts can be seen in the short film "Cavalcade of Archery" (1946).

</doc>
<doc id="31194107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194107" title="Rincon Valley, Arizona">
Rincon Valley, Arizona

Rincon Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pima County, Arizona, United States. The population was 5,139 at the 2010 census.
The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 79.9% non-Hispanic white, 1.5% black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 1.6% Asian, 0.1% non-Hispanic from some other race, 2.5% two or more races and 15.0% Hispanic or Latino.

</doc>
<doc id="31194112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194112" title="Colletes elegans">
Colletes elegans

Colletes elegans a species of ground-nesting bee in the genus "Colletes", which is found in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="31194118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194118" title="The Sun Saboteurs">
The Sun Saboteurs

The Sun Saboteurs is a 1961 science fiction novel by Damon Knight. Its topic is expatriate Earthmen living on an alien planet, and their daily hardships in dealing with their status as a minority group among aliens.
The story first appeared in the form of a novella in "If" magazine in 1955 entitled "The Earth Quarter". An expanded version was published by Ace in 1961, bound dos-à-dos with G. McDonald Wallis's "The Light of Lilith" as "Ace Double F-108". It was reissued under its original title in the omnibus "World Without Children and The Earth Quarter"; and in the UK under the original title in the omnibus "Two Novels".
Synopsis.
In the future, Earth has been devastated by war and disease and supports only a primitive agrarian society. Most Earthmen live elsewhere, as émigrés on planets that are populated by alien species. The author suggests that the human species is the only one plagued by "original sin", i.e. by an innate tendency to lie, cheat, kill; aliens have come to accept these traits without understanding them. The story takes place among a group of humans in the "Earth Quarter", a ghetto on the planet Palu that is populated by an insect-like alien race called the Niori. The story opens with a visit by a representative of a political group, the "Minority People's League", which endorses the return of humans to their ancestral planet and accommodation with the aliens. The envoy is attacked and murdered by a group of thugs who see all aliens as inferior to humans and who seek retribution for humans' second-class status. Their leader, Rack, commandeers a space ship and convinces a group from the Quarter to follow him as he establishes a new colony on an uninhabited planet. Instead, Rack puts them to work building "total-conversion bombs" and begins a campaign of using the bombs to destroy the suns of alien solar systems (hence the "sun saboteurs" of the title). Eventually Rack is stopped by a fleet of galactic (alien) ships, but he barely escapes and returns to Palu. The humans murder him, but are nevertheless forced by the Niori to leave. At the story's close, the humans are preparing to board a ship for Earth.
Critical reception.
Rich Horton writes "The novel is very well written -- from the first it is clear we are in the hands of a real writer... The action is mostly in a minor key, and the entire feel is both sad and bitterly cynical."

</doc>
<doc id="31194124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194124" title="5-cell honeycomb">
5-cell honeycomb

In four-dimensional Euclidean geometry, the 4-simplex honeycomb, 5-cell honeycomb or pentachoric-dispentachoric honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation honeycomb. It is composed of 5-cells and rectified 5-cells facets in a ratio of 1:1.
Cells of the vertex figure are ten tetrahedrons and 20 triangular prisms, corresponding to the ten 5-cells and 20 rectified 5-cells that meet at each vertex. All the vertices lie in parallel realms in which they form alternated cubic honeycombs, the tetrahedra being either tops of the rectified 5-cell or the bases of the 5-cell, and the octahedra being the bottoms of the rectified 5-cell.
Projection by folding.
The "5-cell honeycomb" can be projected into the 2-dimensional square tiling by a geometric folding operation that maps two pairs of mirrors into each other, sharing the same vertex arrangement:
A4 lattice.
This vertex arrangement is called the A4 lattice, or 4-simplex lattice. The 20 vertices of its vertex figure, the runcinated 5-cell represent the 20 roots of the formula_1 Coxeter group. It is the 4-dimensional case of a simplectic honeycomb.
The A lattice is the union of five A4 lattices, and is the dual to the omnitruncated 5-simplex honeycomb, and therefore the Voronoi cell of this lattice is an omnitruncated 5-cell
Related polytopes and honeycombs.
The "tops" of the 5-cells in this honeycomb adjoin the "bases" of the 5-cells, and vice versa, in adjacent laminae; but alternating laminae may be inverted so that the tops of the rectified 5-cells adjoin the tops of the rectified 5-cells and the bases of the 5-cells adjoin the bases of other 5-cells. This inversion results in another non-Wythoffian uniform convex honeycomb. Octahedral prisms and tetrahedral prisms may be inserted in between alternated laminae as well, resulting in two more non-Wythoffian elongated uniform honeycombs.
Rectified 5-cell honeycomb.
The rectified 4-simplex honeycomb or rectified 5-cell honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation honeycomb.
Cyclotruncated 5-cell honeycomb.
The cyclotruncated 4-simplex honeycomb or cyclotruncated 5-cell honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation honeycomb. It can also be seen as a birectified 5-cell honeycomb.
It is composed of 5-cells, truncated 5-cells, and bitruncated 5-cells facets in a ratio of 2:2:1. Its vertex figure is an Elongated tetrahedral antiprism, with 8 equilateral triangle and 24 isosceles triangle faces, defining 8 5-cell and 24 truncated 5-cell facets around a vertex.
It can be constructed as five sets of parallel hyperplanes that divide space into two half-spaces. The 3-space hyperplanes contain quarter cubic honeycombs as a collection facets.
Truncated 5-cell honeycomb.
The truncated 4-simplex honeycomb or truncated 5-cell honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation honeycomb. It can also be called a cyclocantitruncated 5-cell honeycomb.
Cantellated 5-cell honeycomb.
The cantellated 4-simplex honeycomb or cantellated 5-cell honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation honeycomb. It can also be called a cycloruncitruncated 5-cell honeycomb.
Bitruncated 5-cell honeycomb.
The bitruncated 4-simplex honeycomb or bitruncated 5-cell honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation honeycomb. It can also be called a cycloruncicantitruncated 5-cell honeycomb.
Omnitruncated 5-cell honeycomb.
The omnitruncated 4-simplex honeycomb or omnitruncated 5-cell honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation honeycomb. It can also be seen as a cantitruncated 5-cell honeycomb and also a cyclosteriruncicantitruncated 5-cell honeycomb.
It is composed entirely of omnitruncated 5-cell (omnitruncated 4-simplex) facets.
Coxeter calls this Hinton's honeycomb after C. H. Hinton, who described it in his book "The Fourth Dimension" in 1906.
The facets of all omnitruncated simplectic honeycombs are called permutahedra and can be positioned in "n+1" space with integral coordinates, permutations of the whole numbers (0,1..,n).
A4* lattice.
The A lattice is the union of five A4 lattices, and is the dual to the omnitruncated 5-simplex honeycomb, and therefore the Voronoi cell of this lattice is an omnitruncated 5-cell
See also.
Regular and uniform honeycombs in 4-space:

</doc>
<doc id="31194172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194172" title="17th People's Choice Awards">
17th People's Choice Awards

The 17th People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 1990, were held on March 11, 1991 at Universal Studios Hollywood, in Universal City, California. They were hosted by Burt Reynolds, and broadcast on CBS.

</doc>
<doc id="31194179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194179" title="Avenue B and C, Arizona">
Avenue B and C, Arizona

Avenue B and C or B&C Colonia is a census-designated place (CDP) and colonia in Yuma County, Arizona, United States. The population was 4,176 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
In 2010 Avenue B and C had a population of 4,176. The racial and ethnic makeup of the population was 22.0% non-Hispanic white, 0.9% black of African American, 2.5% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% Pacific Islander, 0.1% non-Hispanic of some other race, 3.2% from two or more races and 74.7% Hispanic or Latino.

</doc>
<doc id="31194185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194185" title="List of buildings and structures in Guinea">
List of buildings and structures in Guinea

A list of notable buildings and structures in Guinea by city:

</doc>
<doc id="31194204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194204" title="Robert D. Schreiber">
Robert D. Schreiber

Robert D. Schreiber (born 1946) is an immunologist and currently is the Alumni Endowed Professor of Pathology and Immunology at Washington University School of Medicine. Schreiber has led a major revision in our understanding of how the immune system interacts with cancer. His work on the cancer immunoediting hypothesis has helped reveal that the immune system is not only capable of destroying cancers, but can also drive them into a dormant state that, in some cases, results in an enhancement of their malignancy.
Education & early career.
Schreiber obtained his B.A. and PhD in biochemistry from the State University of New York at Buffalo. His post-doctoral training was with Han Mueller-Eberhart at the Scripps Clinic studying the complement system. He joined the Scripps faculty in 1976 and rose to Associate Member with tenure at Scripps before joining Washington University in St. Louis as Professor of Pathology. He was given the Alumni Endowed Professorship in 1990 and became an Affiliate of the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research in 2001.
Area of expertise.
Dr. Schreiber’s work focuses on the concept of immune surveillance in cancer pathogenesis. For over 50 years, scientists have argued about the role of the immune system in preventing the initiation of cancer. The original immune surveillance hypothesis proposed that tumor cells arise naturally and are normally eradicated by the immune system. Tumors would, therefore, only arise if the tumor could develop a mechanism to evade the immune system, or if the immune system were compromised. This hypothesis was directly tested in a landmark paper published by Osias Stutman (1974). In this paper, Stutman tested whether athymic, nude mice which lack an adaptive immune system have an increased incidence of tumors. His finding that the incidence of tumor formation was the same in nude mice, as compared to wild type mice, led to the strong belief, for over 20 years, that the immune system played no role in preventing the initiation or the prevention of tumors. This finding was consistent with the idea that most tumors arise in individuals with normal immune systems.
With the explosion of new information about the role of the innate immune system over the last two decades, and with the knowledge that the innate immune system was intact in the nude mice that Stutman had used, Schreiber repeated these experiments using a strain of mice he bred to lack both innate and adaptive immunity. These mice lacked the recombination activating gene (RAG) required for adaptive immune responses and the STAT1 gene that is required for innate responses. Dr. Schreiber’s lab was the first to generate STAT1 deficient mice and has worked to characterize the important role of this gene in innate immunity.
In 2001, in a landmark paper, Schreiber reported that RAG2 knockout mice, which lack an adaptive immune system (T and B cells), had a dramatically increased rate of tumor formation compared to wild type mice. This study invalidated the conclusions of the Stutman study, and revived the idea that the immune system could play a critical role. Subsequent work showed that tumors escape immune recognition by losing their antigenicity in a process he named cancer immunoediting.
These studies have been critical in forming the scientific basis of many of the immune mediated strategies currently being tested in patients as anti-tumor regimens. Not only do these studies confirm that the immune system can, in fact, play an important role in destroying tumors, but they support the idea that better understanding of immunological recognition and regulation will lead to breakthroughs in our ability to eradicate tumors using the immune system.

</doc>
<doc id="31194218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194218" title="John Hulsman">
John Hulsman

John C. Hulsman (b.1967/1968), PhD is an American-born foreign policy expert. He was the Alfred von Oppenheim Scholar in Residence at the German Council on Foreign Relations in Berlin.
Hulsman writes for the Aspen Institute of Italy and is Senior Research Fellow at the Hague Centre for Strategic Studies. He used to write for the Heritage Foundation and he was a Senior Research Fellow in International Relations there. He is president and co-founder of John C. Hulsman Enterprises, an international relations consulting firm. He has taught European Security Studies at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS), and world politics and U.S. foreign policy at the University of St. Andrews, Scotland.
He is the author of the books "Ethical Realism", "The Godfather Doctrine", and a biography of Lawrence of Arabia titled "To Begin The World Over Again".
He has been interviewed on C-SPAN
, The Daily Show with Jon Stewart ABC, CBS, Fox News, CNN, MSNBC, PBS, and the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="31194221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194221" title="Sal Esquivel">
Sal Esquivel

Sal Esquivel (born May 19, 1948) is a Republican politician from the US state of Oregon. He serves in the Oregon House of Representatives for District 6, representing Medford.
Early life and career.
Esquivel was born in Pittsburg, California and was raised in Medford, graduating from Medford High School in 1966. Following his graduation, he joined the United States Navy and served in the Vietnam War from 1969 to 1970. He returned to Medford following the war and worked in the wood products industry while attending Southern Oregon College. In 1982, he started Western States Parts and Equipment, a heavy equipment and parts distributor. Esquivel now works as a real estate broker.
Political career.
Esquivel served on the Medford City Council until 2004, when he was appointed to the Oregon State Senate to complete the term of Lenn Hannon, who resigned to take a position on the Oregon state parole board. Later that year, Esquivel ran for and won an open seat Oregon House of Representatives. He has been re-elected four times.
Personal.
Esquivel and his wife Jan have five children and live in Medford.

</doc>
<doc id="31194223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194223" title="Ansembourg Castle">
Ansembourg Castle

Ansembourg Old Castle (, , ), known as the Old Castle of Ansembourg, in central Luxembourg is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles. Located high above the little village of Ansembourg, the medieval castle is the private residence of the current Count and Countess of Ansembourg.
History.
The property is first mentioned in 1135 when the lord of the castle was Hubert d'Ansembourg. The fortifications were probably built in the middle of the 12th century. At the beginning of the 14th century, the south-western tower gate and the northern keep appear to have been built by Jofroit d'Ansembourg. Since the times of Jakob II de Raville-Ansembourg, the castle does not appear to have been significantly altered. The main entrance bears the date of 1565. In 1683, the castle was damaged by the French troups of Marshal de Boufflers. In the 17th century, repairs were carried out by the Bidart and the Marchant et d'Ansembourg families who built the New Castle of Ansembourg.
Recent developments.
Today the castle is owned by Count Gaston-Gaëtan de Marchant et d'Ansembourg who moved into the property after the death of his father. At the end of 2008, the Luxembourg government acquired the family's library (around 6000 books) and were offered the family archives. Interest had grown in the collection after the Codex Mariendalensis manuscript telling the story of Yolanda of Vianden was found in 1999 by the linguist Guy Berg. The manuscript dating from the end of the 14th or beginning of the 15th century was especially significant as it was written in the Moselle Franconian dialect which is closely related to modern Luxembourgish.
The castle today.
The castle is strictly private property and is not open to visitors.
Recently, the Count of Ansembourg opened a very exclusive boutique hotel, in one of the buildings surrounding the castle.

</doc>
<doc id="31194230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194230" title="Anthony Veiller">
Anthony Veiller

Anthony Veiller (23 June 1903, New York, New York – 27 June 1965, Hollywood, California) was an American screenwriter and film producer. The son of the screenwriter Bayard Veiller and the English actress Margaret Wycherly, Anthony Veiller wrote for 41 films between 1934 and 1964.
Biography.
He was born on 23 June 1903 in New York City to Bayard Veiller and Margaret Wycherly. He moved to Hollywood in 1930.
Veiller was twice nominated for an Academy Award for Best Screenplay. In 1937, he co-wrote (with Morrie Ryskind) the screenplay for Stage Door, starring Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers and Adolphe Menjou. This very loose adaptation of the play by George S. Kaufman and Edna Ferber was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Veiller was also Oscar-nominated for writing (with uncredited help from John Huston and Richard Brooks) "The Killers" (1946), an adaptation of the short story by Ernest Hemingway. This seminal example of film noir, which introduced Burt Lancaster to filmgoers, won an Edgar Award as best mystery film of 1946, and in 2008 was enshrined in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Veiller frequently worked with top directors. During the Second World War he worked with Frank Capra on several films in the documentary/propaganda film series collectively titled "Why We Fight". In 1946 (the same year as "The Killers"), Veiller co-wrote The Stranger, directed by and starring Orson Welles. For "State of the Union" (1948), again directed by Capra, Veiller was credited as co-producer as well as co-writer. Veiller worked with director John Huston on several films: "Moulin Rouge" (1952), "Beat the Devil" (1953), "The List of Adrian Messenger" (1963), and "The Night of the Iguana" (1964), the film of the Tennessee Williams play that became Veiller's final screen credit. 
Veiller died on 27 June 1965 of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31194244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194244" title="1982–83 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1982–83 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1982–83 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illiniois.
Regular season.
One of Illinois’ best groups arrived on campus for the 1982-83 season. Guards Bruce Douglas and Doug Altenberger, and forwards Scott Meents and Efrem Winters joined sophomores George Montgomery and Anthony Welch to form the nucleus for a team that would win 95 games during the next four seasons. During this season, the Fighting Illini became the nation’s 25th team to cap the 1,000-win mark with a 72-70 victory over Texas A&M in the Great Alaska Shootout. Later
that year, Derek Harper was selected First-Team All-Big Ten, falling one vote shy of being a unanimous pick, before leaving school early for the NBA draft. He was a first round selection of the Dallas Mavericks.
Schedule and Results.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31194252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194252" title="Up Jumped the Devil (John Davis and the Monster Orchestra album)">
Up Jumped the Devil (John Davis and the Monster Orchestra album)

Up Jumped the Devil is the second album by American disco band John Davis and the Monster Orchestra, released in 1977 on SAM Records. The album was produced, arranged, and conducted by John "The Monster" Davis. He wrote all the songs, except for "You Gotta Give It Up" and "Once Upon A Time", which were co-written with Craig Snyder.
Notes.
The album design was handled by Jeanette Adams, with Rod Cook as photographer and Neil Terk as art director.

</doc>
<doc id="31194269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194269" title="Ktzi'ot Prison">
Ktzi'ot Prison

Ktzi'ot Prison is an Israeli detention facility located in the Negev desert 45 miles south-west of Beersheba. It is Israel's largest detention facility in terms of land area, encompassing . It is also the largest detention camp in the world.
During the First Intifada, Ktzi'ot was the location of the largest detention camp run by the Israeli army. It held three quarters of all Palestinians held by the army, and over half of all Palestinians detained in Israel. According to Human Rights Watch, in 1990 it held approximately one out of every 50 West Bank and Gazan males older than 16. Amongst Palestinians it was known as Ansar III after a similar prison camp set up in South Lebanon by Israel during the South Lebanon conflict (1982–2000). Ktzi'ot camp was opened in March 1988 and closed in 1995. It was re-opened in 2002 during the Second Intifada.
Background.
On September 28, 1953 the Israel Defense Forces established a fortified settlement, Ktzi'ot, overlooking the al-Auja junction. Despite housing soldiers in civilian clothes and engaging in little farming activity the Israelis maintained it was a pioneering farm settlement which did not break the Egyptian-Israeli Armistice Agreement relating to the 145 km2 Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) around al-Auja. The remaining members of the 'Azazme tribe, who depended on the well at al-Auja, were attacked and driven across the border into Egypt.
On 6 October 1954 a member of the Ktzi'ot kibbutz drove a water truck across the border into Egypt and gave himself up to the Egyptians at Abu Aweigila. When questioned in the presence of a UN military observer he said that all the inhabitants of the kibbutz were soldiers: one captain, four NCOs, 65 men soldiers and fifteen women soldiers. They were armed with rifles, sub machine guns, light machine guns, mortars and anti-tank weapons.
In early 1956, prior to Israel taking full control of the al-Auja DMZ, Ktzi'ot included twelve squad tents and had a small runway with light aircraft visiting almost daily. Later that year the DMZ was used as the point of entry for the IDF invasion of the Sinai Peninsula. It served the same function in 1967.
On 18 March 1988, around 700 prisoners were transferred from prisons in the Gaza Strip to the newly prepared prison camp. Four days later, Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin announced that 3,000 Palestinians were under arrest and that a new prison had been opened in the Negev desert.
Three weeks later the Palestinian Human Rights group al-Haq quoted a Gaza lawyer, Raji Surani, as describing conditions in the camp as "harsh and inhuman".
Conditions in 1991.
Members of Human Rights Watch (HRW) visited the camp in August 1990. It was under the command of Colonel Ze'ev Shaltiel and held 6,216 prisoners. The camp was divided into sections. Each section contained two or more tents and was surrounded by ridges of sand and gravel blocking visibility between sections. The tents, each 50 square meters in size, contained 20–30 men each. Prisoners were confined to the tents for most of the day with three daily counts. In addition, there was a section surrounded by 3 meter walls and divided into subsections covered in steel netting. There was also a building containing four 3x3 meter punishment cells which, at the time of the HRW visit contained 23 prisoners.
The HRW report concluded that the camp was "in clear violation of the IV Geneva Convention forbidding the transfer of incarcerated persons from occupied territories to the territory of the occupying power."
It also found that:
The report recorded a number of violent incidents. A few weeks before their visit deputy commander, Major Avi Chasa'i, ordered the firing of tear gas into one of the sections after prisoners refused to stop praying outside their tent. Shortly after the camp was opened, on August 16, 1988, two inmates were shot dead in a riot involving 1,000 prisoners. The camp commander at the time, Colonel David Tsemach, fired the shots that killed at least one of the victims. He was cleared of wrongdoing by an army investigation headed by Colonel Mordechai Peled.
At the time of the HRW visit, 3,802 of the prisoners had been sentenced; 1,442 were Gazans under trial or awaiting trial. There were 877 administrative detainees. Gazan prisoners were kept separate from those from their West Bank counterparts.
Up to the time of the visit, 21 prisoners had been killed by fellow prisoners, accused of being collaborators.
The Israeli human rights organisation B'Tselem visited Kt'zi'ot prison 30 May 1991 and 20 Feb 1992. On their first visit there were 6,049 prisoners of whom 710 were administrative detainees; nine months later there were 5,080 prisoners with 250 being administrative detainees.
The report comments that the first reaction of visitors to the prison is one of shock: its large size, one of the largest prisons in the world, and its makeshift appearance; the loudspeakers broadcasting the Arabic station of "Voice of Israel"; the smell of fuel oil. Conditions were very much harsher than in other Israeli prisons. The report suggests that this was due to the military's lack of experience and that the camp was regarded as temporary. It was noted that the Commander, Ze'ev Shaltiel, broke judicial rulings and was using solitary confinement as a means of punishing prisoners. Some prisoners were being held in isolation for longer than the two weeks maximum stipulated.
The report describes the camp as being divided into 60m x 60m plots patrolled by armed soldiers. The plots contained 2 to 4 tents, each holding 20-26 individuals. The tents had no furniture except one bed per prisoner. There was no privacy for prisoners. In summer the temperature rose above 40 degrees, in winter it could fall below freezing. The tents flooded when it rained. Each plot had 3 or 4 half-barrels for garbage, which overflowed causing smell and health problems. Mosquitoes abounded. The only medical help was from physicians on reserve duty doing a one month tour of duty. There were many cases of skin diseases.
Other issues raised included:
- prisoners forbidden to wear watches.
- no radio or TV.
- no access to outside physicians.
- no laundry.
- studying forbidden.
- two hours of volleyball were allowed a day, but only for ten prisoners at a time.
Up to B'Tselem's 1992 visit 28 prisoners had been killed by their fellow inmates.
The report states that "conditions in the facility were illegal and inhuman" and described the solitary confinment area as "human chicken coops." B'Tselem called for the entire camp to be closed down. The 1992 visit was the last time the human rights group was allowed to see inside any Israeli prison.
The reopened prison.
According to information gathered by Defence for Children International (DCI), the prison reopened in April 2002. It consisted of four sections made up of four units, with another half section opened in October 2002. Each unit was surrounded by a five meter wall and contained three tents. The tents were designed for under twenty men but usually contained more. Each unit had three toilets and was issued with 1 liter of chlorine every 20 days.
According to DCI, the main problems were:
The prison, up to 2003, contained around 1,000 prisoners, mostly administrative detainees and including 30–60 boys under 18 years.
The ICRC visited "Qetziot military detention camp" twice in 2005, and twice in 2006.
Ktzi'ot prison is currently run by the Israel Prison Service. Its security systems were installed by G4S Israel (Hashmira).
In 2010 plans were put forward to construct a large detention center at Ketziot for illegal immigrants. The border between Israel and Egypt has been used as a crossing point for economic migrants and asylum seekers; it is estimated that two-thirds come from Eritrea and one third from Sudan.
See also.
Saharonim detention centre

</doc>
<doc id="31194280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194280" title="Mary E. Grant">
Mary E. Grant

Mary E. Grant (born January 10, 1953 in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American psychiatric nurse and politician who represented the 6th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003–2011. Prior to serving in the General Court, Grant served on the City Charter Commission, Ordinance Review Committee, and High School Site Council in Beverly, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="31194328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194328" title="Rolf Greger Strøm">
Rolf Greger Strøm

Rolf Greger Strøm (1940 – 1994) was a Norwegian luger. He participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where he placed fourth in the men's singles. He also competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31194331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194331" title="Stephen A. Caldwell">
Stephen A. Caldwell

Stephen Adolphus Caldwell (March 1, 1889–April 16, 1956) was an American educator originally from the village of Bienville in Bienville Parish in North Louisiana, best known for "A Banking History of Louisiana", originally published in 1935.
Caldwell's parents were J. D. Caldwell and the former Cordelia Whitney. He did not receive his Bachelor of Arts degree, from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, until 1925, when he was thirty-six years of age. He procured a Master of Arts and Ph.D. from the University of Texas at Austin in 1927 and 1934, respectively. In 1911, at the age of twenty-two and without a college degree, Caldwell became the principal of Ringgold High School in Ringgold, also in Bienville Parish. It appears that he had no classroom experience before becoming principal. 
Caldwell was thereafter in the 1914-1915 school year the principal at Amite City High School in Tangipahoa Parish, one of the Louisiana Florida Parishes in southeastern portion of the state. Caldwell then served from 1915-1922 in Bastrop as school superintendent in Morehouse Parish north of Monroe in north Louisiana. He was an associate professor at Louisiana Tech University in Ruston from 1922–1926, by which time he had received his bachelor's degree. From 1931-1934, he was an instructor at the University of Texas while engaged there in graduate studies. From 1936-1937, Caldwell became dean of the University of Louisiana at Monroe, then known as Northeast Center of LSU, not yet having attained four-year status. He was an assistant professor and then professor at his "alma mater", LSU, from 1934 to 1944, including his stint at Monroe. Thereafter, he was named dean of the LSU Junior Division, having held his terminal position from 1944 until his death at the age of sixty-seven.
Caldwell's "A Banking History of Louisiana" examines five chronological periods from the 18th century until 1930. The work was reprinted by Louisiana State University Press in 1980 and is partly carried by Google Books. In his study, Caldwell examines the Reconstruction era under Governors Henry Clay Warmoth and William Pitt Kellogg and the repudiation of part of the inclusive state debt of then $24 million. 
Caldwell also authored "Economic Development of the Shreveport Trade Area" (1943), a look at the economic growth about Shreveport, the largest city in North Louisiana. He also contributed articles to various legal, business, and social science journals. He was active in the administration of the Boy Scouts of America. He was a member and past president of the Baton Rouge Lions Club. On June 1, 1929, he married the former Grace Martin, and the couple had two children. Caldwell died in Baton Rouge and is interred there at Roselawn Memorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31194364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194364" title="Joe Chambers (basketball)">
Joe Chambers (basketball)

Joseph Chambers (born January 10, 1982) is an American wheelchair basketball player.
He was part of the US wheelchair basketball team at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. USA came in 4th place at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31194387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194387" title="Michael P. Cahill">
Michael P. Cahill

Michael P. Cahill (born December 12, 1963 in Beverly, Massachusetts) is an American politician who is the mayor of Beverly, Massachusetts. He previously represented the 6th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1993 to 2003. He was a candidate for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts in 2002, finishing fourth in the Democratic primary.
After leaving the General Court, Cahill was elected to the Beverly City Council and served as Council President. He was a candidate for Mayor of Beverly in 2011, but lost to incumbent William F. Scanlon Jr. In 2013 Scanlon retired and Cahill ran again. He defeated city councilor Wes Slate 5,752 votes to 4,563. 

</doc>
<doc id="31194388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194388" title="Jan-Axel Strøm">
Jan-Axel Strøm

Jan-Axel Strøm (born 1945) is a Norwegian luger. He participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where he placed 19th singles and 10th in doubles (together with Christian Hallén-Paulsen).

</doc>
<doc id="31194428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194428" title="Christian Hallén-Paulsen">
Christian Hallén-Paulsen

Christian Hallén-Paulsen (born 1945) is a Norwegian luger. He participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where he placed 10th in doubles (together with Jan-Axel Strøm).

</doc>
<doc id="31194469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194469" title="Zoich">
Zoich

Zoich (Cyrillic: Зойч, ) was a proposed mascot for the XXII Winter Olympics, which took first place in the official online poll to select a mascot for the 2014 Sochi games. Despite being a popular Internet character, the committee chose not to introduce it to the final round of the voting. Upon introduction and until the end of the online voting, it was the most popular mascot from those submitted. It also took only about 40 minutes for Zoich to take the top spot.
Zoich is also a spectacular example of guerilla marketing on a global level. In fact, the background story is so astonishing and far-fetched, that even most Russian journalists could not believe it when it was finally revealed around first half of June 2011. Only the statement from the president of Sochi 2014 Olympic and Paralympic Organizing Committee finally convinced journalists that the conspiracy story was in fact legitimate.
The rights to the Zoich mascot are owned by the Russian Olympic Committee.
Background.
September 1, 2010: The Organizing Committee of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympic and Paralymplic Games in conjunction with the newspaper Izvestia announces a competition to select the mascots for the 2014 games open to anyone wishing to enter. The competition receives 24,048 entries from across Russia and Russians abroad.
September 10, 2010: Moscow artist and designer Yegor Zhgun enters an original sketch of an imaginary frog, naming it "Zoich".
According to its author, the idea of Zoich was indeed influenced by Hypnotoad from "Futurama".
Description of the mascot.
Zoich is a fuzzy blue frog. The Olympic Rings rotate in its eyes, taking the role of pupils: black, yellow, and blue in the right eye and red and green in the left. In its mouth, the frog holds a ski pole and a Russian Imperial Crown sits atop its head. The mascot takes its name from the year "2014" as it is represented on the Olympiad’s logo: The numbers 2, 0, and 1 as they are represented look like the Latin Z, O, and I. The number 4 looks like the Russian letter Ч, which is like the English "ch". Many Russian-speaking people read "2014" as "Zoich" upon presentation of Sochi-2014 logo. Zhgun's description of his mascot: "The Olympic Rings in his eyes spell the progress of Olympic ideals; the tsars’ crown on his head recalls authority and faith."
Subsequent event.
The original idea behind the mascot found large support among visitors to the official voting site, and Zoich reached the top spot in the voting in roughly 40 minutes, where he stayed through the conclusion of the voting.
After Zhgun posted an animated clip (which took about two months of development) of his mascot on YouTube on November 8, 2010, finally showing Zoich in motion, the press dubbed the mascot "Hypnotoad", referencing its obvious resemblance to the character Hypnotoad from American animated TV series "Futurama". After bits of the animation were shown on various Russian channels (for example REN TV), the mascot grew in awareness and popularity. In July 2011, "Futurama" referenced the influence of the Hypnotoad on Zoich; the opening sequence of the episode "All the Presidents' Heads", the 20th episode of the show's sixth season, shows a brief clip from Zhgun's original Zoich animated clip mounted on a television screen.
December 21, 2010 saw the publication of the list of mascots entering the final round of the official selection process. Despite being in first place in official online voting, Zoich was not short-listed for the finals (for reasons not evident at that time). This was surprising in light of comments by Dmitri Chernyshenko, President of the Sochi 2014 Olympic Organizing Committee, for example:
The representatives of the official competition’s expert jury have refused to give any commentary or reasons for the removal of the most popular mascot from participation in the second round. President Dmitri Medvedev himself has said that the selection process was unfair.
Guerilla marketing disclosure.
The registration of intellectual rights to Zoich, by the Sochi 2014 Organizing Committee, was revealed on 14 June 2011. The story was deemed so far-fetched that it required statements from the Sochi 2014 Organizing Committee and Zhgun himself to convince journalists of its legitimacy.
According to Zhgun, he was approached by the Organizing Committee seeking to promote its online mascot voting system. He was given no guidance and full creative freedom in designing the character. In fact, the story told earlier (e.g. in Zhgun's interviews) was entirely true with the exception of a single fact. The whole idea of creating an unconventional "guerilla" character actually came from the Committee itself.
The revelation of the role of the Sochi 2014 Committee caused wide disbelief, as Zoich was widely perceived as an appealing, counter-cultural, somewhat psychedelic, "voice of the nation" response to supposedly rigid, formal, bureaucratic and unimaginative procedures endorsed by the government.

</doc>
<doc id="31194471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194471" title="Pete Kilpatrick">
Pete Kilpatrick

Pete Kilpatrick (born November 19, 1982) is an independent American singer-songwriter, who has released six records independently with the Pete Kilpatrick Band. Kilpatrick's work is a blend of folk and pop rock music, and he has been named Maine’s Best Act and Best Vocalist four times in the Portland Best Music Awards. Pete has toured with many notable acts including Jason Mraz and the Dave Matthews Band. In 2012, Pete and his band performed at President Obama's only campaign stop in Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="31194473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194473" title="Mogens Christensen">
Mogens Christensen

Mogens Christensen (born 1929) is a Norwegian luger. He participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where he placed 14th in singles.
He was Norwegian champion in single in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="31194491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194491" title="Sierra del Mugrón">
Sierra del Mugrón

Sierra del Mugrón is a long mountain range located between the Valle de Cofrentes () comarca, Valencian Community, and Almansa, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It is an isolated range between the Iberian System and the Cordillera Prebética. Its highest point is 1,209 m. The northern section of this range is within the Ayora () municipal term, while the southern belongs to Almansa.
There are remains of an Ancient Iberian settlement in Castellar de Meca, between Ayora and Alpera.
This mountain range is a quiet lonely and isolated area with a sizeable amount of wildlife, foremost of which are the wildcat, boar, Little Bustard, Eurasian Stone-curlew, Peregrine Falcon, European Nightjar, Black Wheatear, Common Wood Pigeon, Dartford Warbler, Red-legged Partridge and Bonelli's Eagle.

</doc>
<doc id="31194516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194516" title="List of Home and Away characters (2010)">
List of Home and Away characters (2010)

"Home and Away" is an Australian television soap opera. It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988. The following is a list of characters that first appeared during 2010, by order of first appearance. They were all introduced by series producer Cameron Welsh. The 23rd season of "Home and Away" began airing from 25 January 2010. Two days later Mitzi Ruhlman made her debut as Rabbit. Mink Carpenter and Elijah Johnson arrived in February, while Justin Jefferies began appearing from March. Mink's mother, Jill, arrived in May. Christian Clark and Rhiannon Fish began portraying Penn Graham and April Scott from June. April's older sister, Bianca, made her debut in July, while Paolo Rosetta was introduced to the show in August. The following month Mitzy Fraser, Vittorio Seca, Daria Hennessy were introduced to the show.
Rabbit.
Amber "Rabbit" Copeland, played Mitzi Ruhlman, made her first screen appearance on 27 January 2010. Rabbit was Ruhlman's first television role. The character was introduced to help bring "a little fun" back into Miles Copeland's (Josh Quong Tart) life. When asked how the idea for Rabbit came about, Tart revealed "I was very keen to get a bit more magic into the character of Miles. He came in with a great sense of magic and I think we wanted to capture that again." The actor explained that the concept of Miles having Rabbit in his life brings all sorts of questions about psychology and mental illness in the equation. He added that the storyline was something young children could enjoy because Rabbit is "feisty and mischievous" and there is an innocence to it all.
Rabbit appears to a hungover Miles Copeland, after he spends the night on the beach. She later appears at Summer Bay House and tells him she is staying for a while. During a game of cards, Rabbit tells Miles of her visions of fire and people hiding under tables. Miles does not take her seriously, but when he arrives at the Pier Diner, he finds the place under siege from drunks who have set it alight. Rabbit is visibly shaken, but Miles convinces her the visions are a good thing. She later tells Miles he will die if he falls asleep. After falling asleep at school, Miles is nearly killed by a ceiling fan. A spate of graffiti attacks occur in the Bay, including at the Caravan Park and Surf Club. Miles notices the writing is done in Amber and spots Rabbit. When he catches up with her, she denies doing anything. Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) begins having strange dreams involving Rabbit dressed as a rabbit eating a carrot. Rabbit tells her that Miles is unwell and then presents her a vision of her late son, Byron Fisher (Nathianiel Davey) at the age of eleven. Rabbit also tells Marilyn that she will die too.
Marilyn has another dream involving Rabbit being drenched in water. She awakes and finds Miles adding graffiti onto a van in the park and realises Rabbit's real name is Amber. Miles confesses that Rabbit is actually his daughter, who died in the Boxing Day Tsunami five years earlier along with her mother, Louise. He has been seeing visions of her for several months. After Miles visits Michael Patton (Jack Campbell) for a psychiatric assessment, he is prescribed some medication, but Rabbit begs him not to take it. However, Miles takes the pills and Rabbit disappears for a while. She reappears when he stops taking the medication. Miles struggles to keep Rabbit's visions quiet resulting in an outburst at school, which gets him suspended. Rabbit has another premonition involving Elijah Johnson (Jay Laga'aia), Leah Patterson-Baker (Ada Nicodemou) and several school children in danger on an excursion. She and Miles then discover the group are unconscious due to an exposed gas main on the site. Miles manages to break down the door and save them. Miles and Rabbit part ways on the beach, after he sees a vision of Louise at the water's edge and goes towards her. Rabbit stops him and states that her mother will look after her and she heads to the sea, disappearing from Miles' life.
A reporter from the "Daily Record" praised Rabbit because they believed that "Home and Away" lacked "a spooky little girl called Rabbit". They added that "ever since she first appeared the show has been terrific". Jaci Stephen writing for the "Daily Mail" said that Rabbit and Mink were the latest in a line of "stupid" names the serial chose and quipped that the arrival of "stoat" was imminent. The episode featuring Miles finally letting go of his visions of Rabbit won the Australian Writers' Guild Award for "Best Episode in a Television Serial" in 2010 and was presented to the episode's writer, Sam Meikle.
Mink Carpenter.
Mink Smith (previously Carpenter), played by Matylda Buczko, made her first screen appearance on 1 February 2010. Buczko shared the same agent as Luke Mitchell and he suggested that they both move to Sydney to look for work. Mitchell won the role of Romeo Smith within a week of moving to the city, while Buczko auditioned for the role of a goth rock chick. She did not receive the part, but was asked back to audition for Mink, a professional surfer and Romeo's sister. Buczko commented that it felt weird to be playing Mitchell's on screen sister. The actress decided to "hit the gym" after getting the role and Mitchell advised her to take surfing lessons, so she would pass as a pro surfer. Buczko reprised her role for a brief guest stint in November 2011.
Mink was a top surfer, who had just left juvie for an unknown crime, when she arrived in Summer Bay. Buczko explained "I always said, if I ever did "Home and Away", I'd love to have a character who was a bit of a stirrer. I like to cause trouble, and I'm a bit fiery and feisty at times, and I do like to have a bit of mischief in my life." Describing her character, Buczko stated that Mink is feisty but quite fragile. She has been separated from Romeo for a few years and comes to the Bay to find him. Catherine Woulfe from Stuff.co.nz called Mink "mysterious" and a "stroppy surf chick". She added "Mink's hot, with plenty of sass and street smarts, and maybe even a soft heart under her bad-girl exterior." Mink unexpectedly returns to the Bay a year later and asks Romeo for money.
Mink arrives in Summer Bay looking for her brother, Romeo Smith. It is revealed that she has served time in juvenile detention for killing their abusive stepfather, after taking the blame for Jill (Josephine Mitchell), Their mother who really killed him. Xavier Austin (David Jones-Roberts) invites Mink to stay with him and his mother, Gina (Sonia Todd). She steals some money belonging to Xavier's brother, Hugo (Bernard Curry), which is stashed in a box in his bedroom. However, Mink later has a change of heart after being admonished by Romeo and returns the money. She then shares a kiss with Xavier and tells Ruby Buckton (Rebecca Breeds), Xavier's ex-girlfriend. Mink is upset when Xavier lets Ruby and Gina know about her past, but she forgives him before leaving the Bay. Mink returns the following year and borrows $2,000 from Romeo, much to the annoyance of his wife, Indigo Walker (Samara Weaving). Mink enters a surfing competition and performs badly, almost drowning in the process. One of the other competitors tells Romeo that Mink has been turning up to competitions drunk and has been struggling for a while. He later learns that she has Ménière's disease and will never be able to surf competitively again. Indi asks Mink to stay, but she departs, leaving a note for Romeo.
Elijah Johnson.
Elijah Johnson played by Jay Laga'aia made his first appearance on 11 February 2010. Laga'aia's casting was announced in November 2009 into the serial to play a new local reverend, Elijah Johnson. Elijah was introduced as a potential love interest for established character Leah Patterson-Baker (Ada Nicodemou). Laga'aia left the serial in 2010 but co-star Nicodemou later called for Laga'aia's character to return to the serial. Laga'aia had agreed to rejoin the cast "Home and Away" and returned to filming at the end of the month. Laga'aia described Elijah as not being a typical Reverend and when you see him in normal clothing people would mistake him for a rugby player. In February 2012, Colin Vickery of the "Herald Sun" reported Laga'aia had finished filming with "Home and Away" the previous year. "Inside Soap" asked its readers to decide who their favourite "clergyman" in a poll which Elijah gained the lowest number of votes, receiving nine percent of the poll.
Justin Jefferies.
Justin Jefferies played by Matthew Walker, made his first screen appearance on 19 March 2010. He was introduced as the brother of established character Aden Jefferies (Todd Lasance). The actor and Justin's first scenes were with the character Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons). Walker told a reporter from the official "Home and Away" website that it was his first day of "filming in the middle of the bush" at 5 am. Walker was pleased to work alongside Symons for his initial scenes because he saw her as a "legend".
A writer from "TV Week" reported that producers had considered offering Walker a contract with the show to have Justin featured in a recurring capacity. A representative for the show said that bosses were "impressed" with the work he put into the role.
Justin is Aden's older brother. He arrives when Marilyn finds him bloodied, dazed and confused. Marilyn takes Justin to hospital and he recovers. He regains his memory of being in a car accident but little else. Justin visits Aden much to his surprise as the brothers have not seen each other for a long and tells him he is in the army and encourages him to enlist, which Aden rejects due to their war veteran grandfather, Stan molesting him as a child. It is later revealed that Justin was responsible for the death of his and Aden's father, Larry (Paul Gleeson) in the accident. He wants to contact the police but Aden suggests they bury the body. They do so but Justin confesses and Aden moves the body and tells the police he found Larry alone. The brothers face a charge of conspiracy to commit murder but Morag Bellingham (Cornelia Frances) successfully defends them and the prosecution drop the case. Aden and Justin then leave for the city without telling anybody.
Jill Carpenter.
Jill Carpenter, played by Josephine Mitchell, made her first screen appearance on 14 May 2010. The character and casting was announced on 8 March 2010. Mitchell previously appeared in the soap in 1990 as Jane Holland. A journalist for "The Sydney Morning Herald" reported Mitchell's scenes as the "troubled mother" of Romeo Smith (Luke Mitchell) would be broadcast mid-year.
Jill is a "high functioning alcoholic" who spends her entire day drinking, but still attempts to lead a "normal life". While being interviewed on "The Morning Show" Mitchell revealed that "it's not something I do personally, just to let everybody know, but it's a wonderful layer for a character. I like complexity. I like trying to do subtext at the same time as doing the words." Mitchell researched alcoholism in preparation for the role to learn how it affects other people and what Jill would be able to do during the state of intoxication. Sue Yeap from "The West Australian" described Jill as "a flirtatious, fun-loving woman". She is "cashed up" from the life insurance payout that she received following her abusive husband's death and often uses the money to buy alcohol. Jill comes to Summer Bay to re-establish her relationship with her son. Although Romeo loves his mother, he is often humiliated by her actions and just wants her to be normal. Over time he has become the adult in their relationship.
Mitchell told Yeap that the storyline between Jill and Romeo was very character driven, explained "Even though the underlying issue is the alcoholism it was very much the relationship between Romeo and his mother and how her relationship with others filters through the community." When Jill is rejected by John Palmer (Shane Withington), she relapses. Luke Mitchell explained that Romeo feels responsible because he was not supportive of her potential relationship with John. Jill becomes depressed when John chooses Gina Austin (Sonia Todd) over her and she feels the only way she can cope is to "drink herself into oblivion." Romeo turns to Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) for help, as she knows what Jill is going through. The actor revealed "Irene's also an alcoholic, she gets it completely. She thinks Jill needs to hit rock bottom before she can admit she has a problem. As long as Romeo's there to pick up the pieces, Jill will keep drinking." Romeo decides not to help Jill the next time she gets drunk, telling her to ruin her life if she wants.
Jill arrives in Summer Bay looking for Romeo. He refuses to see her after having the latest letter he sent her returned to him unopened. Romeo is annoyed when he learns that Jill has been spending his stepfather's life insurance and angered further when Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher) and Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) bring a drunken Jill home. She offers him a cheque for $50,000, but he tears it up and tells her it is too late to make amends. John Palmer and Irene Roberts offer Jill support and she accepts, leaning on John in particular. Jill's friendship with John causes friction with Gina Austin leading Romeo to fall out with Gina's son, Xavier (David Jones-Roberts). After realising the damage she has caused, Jill promises Romeo she will attend an AA Meeting, which he is pleased about. However, Romeo discovers Jill has the left the bay the following morning.
Penn Graham.
Penn Tiberius Graham, played by Christian Clark, made his first screen appearance on 14 June 2010. The character and Clark's casting was announced on 7 June 2010. The actor was booked on a flight to Los Angeles when he was offered the role of Penn. After reading the character's lines in the scripts, Clark decided to take on the part and he cancelled his travel plans.
Penn arrives in Summer Bay and Nicole Franklin (Tessa James) is immediately attracted to him. They begin dating but Romeo Smith (Luke Mitchell) spots Penn kissing Hayley Doven (Bonnie Sveen) and tells Nicole. Nicole downplays it but is visibly uncomfortable with Penn seeing someone else. Penn later causes trouble in town when he frames Colleen Smart (Lyn Collingwood) for theft by planting several items, including his own wallet in her mobile home, leading to her arrest. He also creates friction by telling Nicole that Sid Walker (Robert Mammone) still has feelings for her. Miles Copeland (Josh Quong Tart) and Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) try to convince Nicole that Penn is lying, but she will not listen. Penn is then evicted from the Caravan Park.
Penn apologises to Nicole on the beach and hides a syringe in the sand which pierces Nicole's foot when she steps on it. Penn takes her to the hospital to get checked out and comforts her. Nicole takes a HIV test and gets some anti-viral medication. While out at dinner, Penn admits to planting the needle but refuses to confirm whether it was infected or not. Nicole then finishes with Penn. Shortly after Penn is beaten up and hospitalised. Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher) is a prime suspect after a heated argument but is exonerated when Penn admits it wasn't him but some guys who wanted a ride. It emerges that Penn is the son of Tulip O'Hare (Kimberley Hews), a woman who Alf had an affair with in 1987, two years after the death of his wife Martha (Alison Mulvaney). Tulip was in love with Alf, but after Penn saw them together, he ended the affair and Tulip committed suicide by overdosing on diazepam. Penn blames Alf for his mother's death and he begins taunting him. He later disappears and blood is found in his hotel room, but no body.
Several weeks later Penn's body washes up on the beach and Alf is the prime suspect after several witnesses heard him threaten to kill Penn. Alf is remanded in custody for six weeks and eventually released. Will Smith (Zac Drayson) reveals he stabbed Penn in self-defence and Daria Hennessy (Samantha Tolj) helped him dispose of the body. Will is then arrested following his confession. Nicole later gives birth to Penn's son, George.
April Scott.
April Scott, played by Rhiannon Fish, made her first on screen appearance on 15 June 2010. The character and Fish's casting was announced on 23 May 2010. Fish told a writer for the official "Home and Away" website that she began filming a week after she won the role. Shortly before she arrived on screen, April was described as being "worldly, intelligent and quick witted." A reporter from the "Metro" commented that April was "fun-loving", while Fish branded her a passionate and unique character. April and her older sister, Bianca (Lisa Gormley), have a fiery, but supportive relationship. April has developed a relationship with Dexter Walker (Charles Cottier) and been diagnosed with OCD during her time in the show.
Bianca Scott.
Bianca Scott, played by Lisa Gormley, made her first screen appearance on 9 July 2010. Shortly after Gormley graduated from the National Institute of Dramatic Art, she landed the role of Bianca. The character was created as a sister for April Scott (Rhiannon Fish). Gormley described Bianca as being "the kind of woman every girl wishes she had the confidence to be". She revealed that Bianca has a feisty persona, which is a front to hide her "softer side". A Channel 5 website writer called Bianca "strong, opinionated and beautiful". Bianca comes to Summer Bay to get over a broken heart. She later begins a relationship with Liam Murphy (Axle Whitehead). For her portrayal of Bianca, Gormley was included on the long-list for the Most Popular New Female Talent award at the 2011 Logie Awards.
Paulie Rosetta.
Paolo "Paulie" Rosetta, played by Ryan Johnson, made his first screen appearance on 24 August 2010. The character and Johnson's casting was announced shortly before he arrived. Daniel Kilkelly of Digital Spy reported Paulie is Angelo Rosetta (Luke Jacobz) younger brother and he surprises him by turning up in Summer Bay. Kilkelly commented "It soon becomes clear that there's an agenda behind Paulie's sudden appearance and he wants Angelo's help - but, with bad blood between the brothers, will he get what he's looking for?" A writer for Holy Soap revealed that the reason for the brothers' bad relationship was down to an accident in which Paulie started a fire at his parents' restaurant. Angelo took the blame and was subsequently kicked out of the family business. Paulie was later left in charge, but "bit off more than he could chew".
Talking to "TV Week's" Carolyn Stewart, Johnson described Paulie as being the "starry-eyed dreamer in the family". His ideas have often led him into trouble and he acts before he thinks. The actor continued "Ever since they were kids, Paulie's done crazy things - and Angelo has had to bail him out." Angelo is "less than thrilled" to see his brother, especially when he tries to charm his girlfriend, Charlie Buckton (Esther Anderson). He also knows that Paulie has only shown up because things are not going well. Johnson explained "If Paulie's in town, there has to be some sort of agenda. Angelo's waiting for the truth to come out." A "Daily Record" reporter called Paulie a smooth-talker and said he laid on the "charm thick and fast".
When he arrives in Summer Bay, Paulie is mistaken for a food critic by Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) and Colleen Smart (Lyn Collingwood). He eventually catches up with his brother, Angelo, who is not pleased to see him. Angelo resents Paulie due to him inheriting the family restaurant. Paulie reveals that he is in trouble with some loan sharks and owes $30,000. Angelo agrees to bail him out, despite being in debt himself. Charlie Buckton offers Paulie a loan, from money that Xavier Austin (David Jones-Roberts) does not want, which angers Angelo as he knows it is illegal. Charlie changes her mind and Angelo tells Paulie to ask the loan sharks for more time. However, they threaten to set fire to Angelo's restaurant if they do not get their money on time. Angelo and Paulie lay down a bet at the races and they win. Paulie then decides to bet again and he loses the money. Angelo learns Paulie used their parents' business as collateral and he tells them what is going on. Charlie explains to Paulie that his brother just wants him to take responsibility for the restaurant fire and his finances. Paulie and Angelo's parents offer to pay off Paulie's debts. They brothers continue to fight, but eventually make up and Angelo drives Paulie back home to the city.
Mitzy Fraser.
Mitzy Fraser, played by Helen Dallimore, made her first screen appearance on 3 September 2010. Mitzy is a psychic who befriended Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) and offered her spiritual guidance when she grieving for her son and fighting cancer. Mitzy comes to Summer Bay after having a vision about Marilyn's death. However, Mitzy's "gloomy predictions" do not go down well with Sid Walker (Robert Mammone). Describing Mitzy, Dallimore stated "She is Marilyn's best friend from London, a bit of a loner because she is a psychic and she has been stigmatised. People are sceptical and they tend to not believe her, but in Marilyn she has found a believer and a kindred soul." Mitzy later suffers a fatal stroke during a disagreement with Marilyn, when she is confronted about her "dodgy" predictions. On her death bed she tells Marilyn that she made up her end date prediction, however she tells Sid the exact opposite. Yvette Chegwidden from "TV Week" called Mitzy "kooky".
Mitzy comes to Summer Bay House to see Marilyn Chambers and reveals that she knows exactly when she is going to die. Marilyn's partner, Sid Walker, dismisses Mitzy's prediction and confronts her about her abilities. Romeo Smith (Luke Mitchell) asks Mitzy's advice about whether to have sex with his girlfriend and she gives him a cryptic answer. Mitzy learns Dexter Walker (Charles Cottier) has feelings for Marilyn and she tries to make him see that Marilyn does not have any for him. When Dexter becomes defensive, Mitzy kisses him to show him that it is not okay to push himself onto other people. Marilyn becomes upset with Mitzy and she feels bad for affecting her friend's relationship. Mitzy tells Marilyn that her end date is only a couple of months away, leaving her devastated. Sid later asks Mitzy to stop ruining Marilyn's life.
When Mitzy feels sick after a meal, she reveals to Marilyn that she has lung cancer and is dying. That same evening Mitzy walks home from the Diner with Dex and collapses. Sid informs Mitzy that she has an inoperable brain tumour and only has weeks to live. Sid accuses Mitzy of scamming Marilyn with her end date prediction and he stands down as her doctor. After leaving the hospital, Mitzy tells Ruby Buckton (Rebecca Breeds) that she will find love within the next two months, but later admits to Nicole Franklin (Tessa James) that she made the prediction up. Marilyn overhears the conversation and when she starts to question whether Mitzy made up her end date, Mitzy has a stroke. At the hospital, Marilyn apologises and Mitzy tells her that she lied about her end date. However, Mitzy then tells Sid that she did not make it up and she dies.
Vittorio Seca.
Prince Vittorio Seca, played by Richard Brancatisano, made his first screen appearance on 17 September 2010. Brancatisano previously appeared in "Home and Away" in a minor role in 2002 and as Theo Barrett in 2007. Vittorio is an Italian Prince and Bianca Scott's (Lisa Gormley) ex-fiancé. He cheated on her back in Italy, causing her to return home to Australia. Vittorio comes to Summer Bay seeking forgiveness and he tries to win Bianca back. However, he gets caught up in a love triangle with her and Liam Murphy (Axle Whitehead). Of Vittorio, a "Sunday Mercury" reporter commented "Fancy having a suave man called Prince Vittorio at your beck and call." The "Daily Mail's" Caroline Fitton said he declared his love to Bianca "unconvincingly" and called him an "Italian stallion". She added that he "wanders around sounding like Bruno Tonioli and Gino D'Acampo rolled into one."
Vittorio is Bianca Scott's ex-fiancé who tries to win her back after he cheated on her. Vittorio refuses to give up after being rejected by Bianca and she eventually relents. He proposes to her and she accepts. Vittorio warns Liam Murphy to stay away from Bianca, as he believes he still has feelings for her. On the day of their wedding, Bianca realises she still loves Liam and jilts Vittorio at the altar. Vittorio grabs Bianca and tries to drag her back, but Romeo Smith (Luke Mitchell) punches him. Vittorio then leaves the Bay.
Daria Hennessy.
Daria Hennessy, played by Samantha Tolj, made her first screen appearance on 30 September 2010. The character was called Shandi Ayres upon her introduction, but as the storyline developed it was eventually revealed that her real name was Daria. Tolj auditioned for the role and she revealed that Shandi was described to her as someone who "lives her life one day at a time". Tolj stated that she loved playing Shandi and working on "Home and Away". She told an interviewer for the official website "the whole cast were so welcoming, they're just warm friendly people who are really good at their craft and the crew and directors are amazing. It was beautiful to work with Danny Raco (who played Leah's brother Alex) as a director, because we have worked alongside each other as actors, so it was really nice to have him directing my first block as Shandi."
Tolj described Shandi as being "very direct", "warm hearted" and someone who "is not afraid to say what she thinks". She is a hippy, who comes to town to find her father. Tolj later told a "TV Week" writer, "She's a really coulourful, lively, free-spirited hippie who takes each day as it comes." The first person Daria meets is Angelo Rosetta (Luke Jacobz) and he is "wowed" by her. Tolj added that Daria also makes an impression on the other men of Summer Bay. Shandi starts a relationship with Miles Copeland (Josh Quong Tart) and a reporter for "TV Week" described them as a "kooky" pairing. The relationship only lasts a few weeks. Quong Tart commented that Miles "couldn't believe his luck" when he got together with Shandi. He thought they were compatible because she was "beachy and hippy" and like Miles, she enjoyed talking about the meaning of life.
Daria is a con artist who uses her friend, Shandi's (Elizabeth Blackmore), identity. Her van breaks down on the way to Summer Bay and Angelo Rosetta offers her a lift. Daria flirts with him and he is tempted to reciprocate. She later has brief relationship with Miles Copeland. Daria convinces John Palmer (Shane Withington) that she is his long-lost daughter. Daria begins dating Will Smith (Zac Drayson), which upsets his daughter Lily (Charlie-Rose MacLennan). Daria later leaves town. A few weeks later, Daria is tracked down and arrested for fraud by Charlie Buckton (Esther Anderson) and Angelo. They question her for information on Penn Graham's (Christian Clark) murder and it is revealed that Penn attacked her, but Will stabbed him. He and Daria then disposed of Penn's body in the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="31194519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194519" title="Spirits Burning">
Spirits Burning

Spirits Burning is a musical collective that has released a combination of ambient, jazz and full-on space-rock with input from many of the genre's luminaries, most notably Gong's Daevid Allen and members of Hawkwind. Spirits Burning is overseen by American composer/producer Don Falcone.
History.
In 1996, Falcone resurrected Spirits Burning. Spirits Burning was one of his first San Francisco bands, for which Falcone played bass and keyboards. Their first recording for a CD was a cover of the King Crimson song Red, on the tribute album “Schizoid Dimension,” released in 1997. Spirits Burning signed with French label Musea Records in 1998 and the group released their first album New Worlds By Design on Musea affiliate Gazul Records.
Falcone set Spirits Burning on their continuing mission just as the internet began to open up an index of collaborative possibilities that studio recordings and logistics previously precluded: the chance for content-creators to recruit musicians on an ad hoc basis across the ether; musicians they’d have scant hope of playing with face-to-face.
In the space-rock community, Falcone has done particularly well out of this approach. A survey of his first 10 years under the Spirits Burning banner throws up some surprising contributors (including Daevid Allen, Porcupine Tree’s Steven Wilson, and High Tide’s Simon House).
Robert Calvert's "Centigrade 232" tape recitation was first used with music on the second Spirits Burning album "Reflections In A Radio Shower", released in 2001. Don Falcone took the original recording of Calvert reading his poem "Centigrade 232" and integrated it into the track "Drive-By Poetry". Lines from another Centigrade 232 poem appear on the CD's opening track "Second Degree Soul Sparks".
Michael Moorcock appeared on five tracks on the Spirits Burning CD "Alien Injection", released in 2008. He is credited with singing lead vocals and playing guitar and mandolin. The performances used on the CD were from the "The Entropy Tango & Gloriana Demo Sessions".
Falcone and Bridget Wishart (formerly of Hawkwind) have collaborated in Spirits Burning (under the name Spirits Burning & Bridget Wishart).
Falcone and Cyrille Verdeaux of Clearlight have collaborated in Spirits Burning (under the name Spirits Burning & Clearlight).
Hawkwind Connection.
The following is a partial list of Hawkwind family members who have participated in Spirits Burning:

</doc>
<doc id="31194521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194521" title="1988 United States Figure Skating Championships">
1988 United States Figure Skating Championships

The 1988 United States Figure Skating Championships was an event organized by U.S. Figure Skating to determine the U.S. national champions. The event was one of the criteria used to select the U.S. teams for the 1988 Winter Olympics, as well as the 1988 World Championships. Medals were awarded in four colors: gold (first), silver (second), bronze (third), and pewter (fourth) in four disciplines – men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing – across three levels: senior, junior, and novice. The 1988 Championships took place between January 4 and 10, 1988 in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="31194537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194537" title="Macon and Brunswick Railroad">
Macon and Brunswick Railroad

The Macon and Brunswick Railroad initially ran from Macon, Georgia to Hawkinsville, Georgia. The gauge line was completed and extended to the Georgia coast when it opened in its entirety on January 1, 1870. Construction of the line stimulated economic expansion along its path, leading to an industrial corridor, and the founding of new towns and Dodge County, Georgia.
History.
Initial construction and completion.
The Macon and Brunswick Railroad was chartered in 1856, but track building was halted during the American Civil War. By 1867, fifty miles of track had been completed from Macon, Georgia to Hawkinsville, Georgia. By January 1, 1870, the line had been completed, extending all the way to the Georgia coast. The East Tennessee, Virginia, and Georgia Railroad bought the railroad line in 1881. The line later became part of the Southern Railway Company property.
Industrial corridor.
In the "History of Dodge County" (1932), Mrs. Wilton Philip Cobb wrote about the founding of Eastman, Georgia:
In 1869 the Macon and Brunswick railroad (now the Southern) was built. Towns began to spring up all along the line, and, as this immediate section was so far removed from the county seat, Hawkinsville, it was deemed expedient to create a new county and place the county seat at this point.
During that period of economic expansion, stimulated by the railroad, Ira Roe Foster, former Quartermaster General of Georgia, operated a saw mill in Dodge County. In 1869, Foster built a residence in what would become the city of Eastman. Foster was one of many who came to the area to participated in the saw mill boom. During the boom, it was estimated that, on average, there was one mill every two miles along the industrial corridor created by the Macon and Brunswick Railroad. Unlike earlier eras, when timber was transported downstream in large river rafts, saw mills along the industrial corridor shipped their timber by rail. In his book "The New South Comes to Wiregrass Georgia 1860-1910" author Mark V. Wetherington states: "Ira R. Foster shipped lumber to Brunswick, where it was loaded onto timber schooners and transported to international markets like Liverpool, Rio de Janeiro, and Havana." When the city of Eastman was incorporated in 1872, Foster served as its first mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="31194538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194538" title="Oenothera macrocarpa">
Oenothera macrocarpa

Oenothera macrocarpa (Missouri Evening Primrose, Ozark Sundrop) is a perennial flowering plant in the evening primrose family of the genus Oenothera. It is native to the United States.
Description.
This is a perennial herb producing a red stem 6-12 in. (15-30 cm) in height. The large (3 inch) wide flowers are cup shaped, canary yellow and have a mild fragrance. They are produced in great numbers from early to mid summer. Leaves are dark green and lanceolate, and bunched along the trailing stem. The seed pods are 4-winged and 2 to 3 inch long and are often used in flower arrangements.
Habitat.
Hardy to zones 3 to 7. Has a trailing nature and is drought tolerant.
Cultivation.
Cultivars include "Yellow Queen".

</doc>
<doc id="31194541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194541" title="2011 FA Community Shield">
2011 FA Community Shield

The 2011 FA Community Shield was the 89th FA Community Shield, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was the 160th Manchester derby between Manchester United and Manchester City and played at Wembley Stadium, London, on 7 August 2011. Manchester United won the game 3–2, with goals from Chris Smalling and Nani (2), after Joleon Lescott and Edin Džeko had put City 2–0 up at half-time.
Manchester United qualified to take part for the fifth consecutive year by winning the 2010–11 Premier League title and Manchester City qualified by winning the 2010–11 FA Cup. United successfully defended the shield to win it for the fourth time in five years, having beaten Chelsea 3–1 in the 2010 match.
Background.
This was only the second occasion the two teams had met in the competition, with the first being the 1956 FA Charity Shield, which United won 1–0. Both teams secured their place in the 2011 Community Shield on the same day, 14 May 2011, when United clinched the 2010–11 Premier League title with a 1–1 draw against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park and City beating Stoke City 1–0 later in the day in the 2011 FA Cup Final.
Match details.
Statistics.
Source: BBC Sport

</doc>
<doc id="31194545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194545" title="John Alden (naval architect)">
John Alden (naval architect)

John Gale Alden (1884–1962) was an American naval architect and the founder of Alden Designs.
Alden was born in Troy in 1884, one of eight children, only four of whom survived. He grew up in Rhode Island and first learned about boats when sailing a flat-bottomed rowing boat of his sister's using an umbrella as a sail. He was inspired by the local fisherman and regattas; When his family moved to Dorchester, Massachusetts in 1900 the Grand Banks fishing schooners which were docked there inspired his later designs. A compulsive doodler, as a child he made countless sketches of the boats that were later to make him famous.
When he was 18 years old his father died and he made the decision to train as a naval architect. He took courses at MIT and apprenticed with prominent naval architects Starling Burgess and Bowdoin B. Crowninshield.
In the winter of 1907, he undertook a voyage that would define his distinctive design trademark: The schooner "Fame", owned by the eastern Fishing company, had to be returned to Boston when her crew of 23 men had gone down with smallpox and there was no one left to sail her. Alden put together a crew of four inexperienced young men and one old salt to undertake the journey. During the weeks that followed, they experienced appalling winter weather - 60 mile an hour winds, turning the salt spray to ice. The boat, and the crew, were man enough for the job, but for Alden the lessons learned far outweighed the value of the delivery contract: He realized how to design a boat that would be resilient in heavy seas, and what was important when a vessel was short-handed. His subsequent designs are admired not only for their grace and elegance but for their stability and for the fact that they can, generally, be sailed single-handedly if necessary.
After the voyage, Alden returned to the Burgess offices but left in 1909 to found his own company, the Alden Design Office in 1909.
The early years were difficult, putting a strain on his finances and on his marriage which broke down after only three years. Business improved in 1917 and the offices were doing sufficiently well during the 1920s to employ specialist draftsmen. Alden would discuss the requirements with the clients and make the initial sketches, then handing over the work to the draftsmen. Nevertheless, John stamped his own individual style on every boat that was designed by the firm.
By 1932 the Alden Design Office was known worldwide in part due to the success of the "Malabar" designs in the offshore racing scene; "Malabar IV" won the Newport–Bermuda race in 1923, "Malabar VII" won it in 1926 and "Malabar X" won overall in 1932, with his other designs occupying the top four places.
When Alden achieved his great success in the 1932 Bermuda race, the yachting world was already beginning to see changes in boat design. Olin Stephen's yawl "Dorade", which had already won the Transatlantic and Fastnet races in 1931, was the winner in Class B. Stephens followed this with another winner, "Stormy Weather" which won the 1936 Transatlantic Race to Norway by a wide margin. So started a long-running rivalry between the two designers. Whereas Alden's designs depended on a certain amount of inside ballast, Stephens adopted the idea of all-outside ballast. Stephens' boats were of lighter construction, using steam bent frames, rather than the sawn frames favoured by Alden.
Over the next thirty years, Alden designed over 1000 boats, of which the 744 Rena series are possibly the most admired. Eric Hiscock, a leading yachtsman of the time, said ""I considered her to be one of the most beautiful yachts I had ever seen, …quite perfect in (her) sea-kindly grace and harmony"".
From the 1950s onwards, Alden took an increasingly less active role in the design business, although his status as a yachtsman never diminished. He continued to race into his seventies, and enjoyed sailing one of his Sakonnet One designs until his death in Florida at the age of 78. His designs have been donated by the company to MIT's Hart Nautical Collections.

</doc>
<doc id="31194558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194558" title="Arild Holm">
Arild Holm

Arild Ragnar Holm (born February 11, 1942) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Stjørdal) He participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where he competed in downhill, slalom and giant slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="31194582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194582" title="Ramjee Kunwar">
Ramjee Kunwar

Ramjee Kunwar () (born 19 September 1956; Kaski District, Nepal) is a Nepal Trade Union Congress-Independent (NTUCI) leader, Senior Vice President of NTUCI and Nepali Congress Activist. He was also the former Vice President and Secretary of NTUCI and currently Acting president. 
NTUCI is a major democratic national center of Nepal, established on 1947 A.D.The labor movement in Nepal started on March 4, 1947 in Biratnagar against the hereditary Rana rule for the establishment of democracy and advancement of workers’ rights.In 1948 Late Mr. Girija Prasad Koirala founded the Nepal Mazdoor Congress, later known as the Nepal Trade Union Congress-Independent. NTUCI also actively agitated and protested in 2006 democracy movement in Nepal against the direct and undemocratic rule of King Gyanendra of Nepal. Many leaders of Trade Union along with Mr. Kunwar was put to jail and some fled to India. The ideology of NTUCI was based on democracy, nationalism and socialism. NTUCI is affialiated with International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) and International Labour Organization(ILO).
Early Involvement.
Mr. Kunwar did his education from Gandhigram Rural University, Tamil Nadu, India in 1984. As working in a Health sector for 22 years. Mr. Kunwar join Trade Union because of discrimination against the worker's rights, welfare, and socio-economic standard. Mr. Kunwar joined Trade Union in 1990 and has been continuously fighting for the labour cause. Kunwar, flayed the provision of 'no work no pay' in the new policy saying it was against the labourers."The provision is totally against the laborers and we condemn it," Kunwar said.
Activities.
In his leadership NTUCI has been actively campaigning to promote social welfare, social justice, human rights, and equality and eliminate child labor on a national level. Mr. Kunwar was also part of the Nepalese delegation to the 98th (ILC) with (ILO) whom briefed Director General of ILO, Mr. Juan Somavia about their efforts to have labour related rights incorporated into the new constitution at Geneva, in 2009. Mr. Kunwar has been actively lobbying and putting pressure with political parties and government with the partnership of other trade unions, they has succeeded to address the worker rights and job security in the interim constitution of Nepal and in the ratification of ILO conventions. Mr.Kunwar addressed the High-Level Meeting with the World Bank, International Monetary Fund (IMF) and ITUC/Global Unions in Washington D.C. January 2011.
Minimum Wage.
Mr. Kunwar is also one the key person from Joint Trade Union in negotiating the minimum wage for workers. After many negotiations and diagreement, In a landmark decision Trade unions and employers have agreed to increase the salary and daily wages of workers. Talks between (FNCCI), Confederation of Nepalese Industries (CNI) and trade unions have resulted in hiking the minimum wage of workers from Rs 4,600 to Rs 6,100 and bringing in Social security plan for workers.The agreement also provides for amending labour laws in favour of industrial harmony. "Trade unions have taken the agreement positive as the agreement has accepted their longtime demand of Social security. Including Social security fund (SSF) in the agreement is the success of labour movement", said Ramjee Kunwar, Acting president of NTUCI.

</doc>
<doc id="31194595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194595" title="Cayo Agua Island">
Cayo Agua Island

Cayo Agua (Water Cay) is the eastern and southernmost island in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama. It is 16 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="31194601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194601" title="Per Martin Sunde">
Per Martin Sunde

Per Martin Sunde (born 1944) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where he competed in slalom and giant slalom.
He was Norwegian champion in slalom in 1961 and in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="31194612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194612" title="Jeff Schlupp">
Jeff Schlupp

Jeffrey "Jeff" Schlupp (born 23 December 1992) is a professional footballer who plays for English club Leicester City and the Ghana national team as a left back. He started his career as a striker.
Early life.
Jeff Schlupp was born in Hamburg, Germany to Ghanaian parents. Schlupp and his family later moved to England when he was young. Schlupp attended Oakgrove School in Milton Keynes along with Oxford United player Max Crocombe.
Club career.
Leicester City.
A product of the Leicester City youth academy, Schlupp was given a squad number, 31, for the first time for the 2010–11 season along with fellow academy players Tom Parkes and Jorrin John by then manager Paulo Sousa. Schlupp signed a new contract keeping him at the club until 2013 on 14 March 2011. Schlupp was named amongst the Leicester City substitutes for the first time by, then manager, Sven-Göran Eriksson in the 3–2 home defeat to Norwich City on 8 March 2011.
Loan to Brentford.
Schlupp joined Brentford on a one-month loan on 14 March 2011, declining a call up to the Germany Under-19 squad in order to complete the move. He made his senior debut in a 1–0 defeat to Huddersfield Town coming on as a substitute on 77 minutes on 15 March 2011. On his first full senior appearance in his career he scored two goals winning the match against Carlisle United 2–1 on 25 March 2011. Schlupp earned a start in Brentford's next match and proved himself once more by scoring a header from a Lewis Grabban cross against Sheffield Wednesday in a 3–1 victory.
On 3 April Schlupp started in the 2011 Football League Trophy Final, playing the full 90 minutes. Schlupp hit the post with an effort on goal. Carlisle United won the match 1–0.
On 14 April the loan deal was extended to the end of the 2010–11 season.
Return to Leicester City.
2011–12 season.
On returning to Leicester, Schlupp travelled with the squad on their tour to Sweden often playing in friendlies as a left-back. He was given the squad number 27 for the 2011–12 season. In his first competitive senior appearance for the club he scored a hat-trick against Rotherham United in the League Cup first round on 9 August. He made his league debut in a 2–0 defeat to Reading on 13 August, and scored his first league goal in a 4–0 win over Derby County on 1 October. Schlupp scored his second league goal, and Leicester City's 4,000th home league goal, against Birmingham City in the 80th minute of 13 March 2012 Championship clash. Schlupp ended his first season in the Leicester first team, scoring six times in 26 games in all competitions.
2012–13 season.
Schlupp spent a week in January 2013 training with Manchester United. This trial was extended into a second and third week into the beginning of February. During his time at Manchester United he played two under-21 games, a game against Liverpool and then a game against West Ham at Upton Park.
Upon Schlupp's return to Leicester he found his way into the Leicester team both at left back and in attack, scoring three goals towards the latter part of the 2012–13 season. Schlupp scored key goals in back to back home games against Birmingham City and Bolton Wanderers.
2013–14 season.
Schlupp opened his goalscoring account for the 2013–14 season, rounding off a 3–1 away win to against Millwall on New Year's Day 2014 with smart finish through the goalkeeper's legs on his weaker foot. Following regular Left Back Paul Konchesky receiving a three-match suspension for a red card against East Midlands rivals Nottingham Forest, Schlupp has found greater opportunities at the back of the Leicester side, putting in highly rated performances against Ipswich Town and Charlton Athletic.
International career.
Germany.
Schlupp was called up to a Germany under-19 training camp in early 2011, but did not earn a cap in Ralf Minge's side.
Ghana.
On 7 November 2011 Schlupp was called up to the Ghana squad to face Sierra Leone and Gabon. Schlupp made his Ghana debut against Gabon on 15 November, coming on as a late substitute for Prince Tagoe. 
In April 2014, it was reported that The Black Star's coaching team are believed to have watched Schlupp play with a view to taking him to the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil following a string of impressive performances for Leicester. Schlupp played in a friendly against Netherlands on 31 May but wasn't named in Ghana's final 23.
Honours.
Club.
Leicester City
Brentford

</doc>
<doc id="31194631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194631" title="Kennebec Valley">
Kennebec Valley

The Kennebec Valley is a region of the U.S. state of Maine, consisting of the Kennebec and Androscoggin Counties. The area formed as a result of the Wisconsin Glaciation.

</doc>
<doc id="31194636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194636" title="Patrick Shea (California lawyer)">
Patrick Shea (California lawyer)

Patrick C. Shea is an attorney in California. He was the federal court appointed attorney that represented 170-plus municipal entities with investments of over $5 billion in the Orange County, California Chapter 9 bankruptcy. On December 6, 1994, the County of Orange declared Chapter 9 bankruptcy, from which it emerged in June 1995. The Orange County bankruptcy was the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history. Following a tumultuous several year period of financial disclosures by the City of San Diego relating to its massively underfunded pension and retiree health care system, in 2005 Shea ran for Mayor of San Diego on a platform of filing a Chapter 9 bankruptcy for the city in order to restructure its troubled financial condition.
Career.
Shea is a lawyer and businessman, as well as a strategic adviser in financial structures, capital structures, capital projects, and private/public sector He has represented or advised many of the nation’s largest financial institutions, their boards of directors, individual officers and board members. He has been appointed to represent large classes of financial interests in difficult capital and finance-related restructures. He has managed large law firms and corporate entities and served as outside counsel to various trusts. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of Brown Field Aviation Park LLC, a company formed to convert a little-used municipal airport (San Diego Brown Field Airport) into a regional airport cargo facility. The City of San Diego elected not to complete the cargo airport conversion. Before that, Shea served as Partner in the San Diego office of Pillsbury Winthrop LLP, where he specialized in commercial finance, litigation and financial reorganization.
In 2005, Shea ran unsuccessfully for mayor of San Diego, California advocating that the city should file for Chapter 9 bankruptcy to address its financial problems.
He has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the San Diego Convention Center Corporation and Chairman of the San Diego Ballpark Task Force which led to the development and construction of the city's downtown professional baseball venue known as Petco Park. He was general counsel and corporate secretary to the San Diego Host Committee for the 1996 Republican National Convention in San Diego. He is a cofounder and director of a regional bank with branches in California and Washington. He has authored and edited commercial, legal, and business publications. He is a national speaker on matters related to corporate and municipal debt, restructuring and reorganizations.
Education.
Shea received an undergraduate degree in philosophy from Stanford and holds both an MBA and law degree from Harvard University.
Personal.
He is married to financial advisor Diann Shipione, the former City of San Diego, California pension-board member, who in 2002 was the first to say San Diego's finances were vulnerable because the city was raising public employee retirement benefits without making the necessary pension fund contributions to pay for them.

</doc>
<doc id="31194648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194648" title="Obeliscus">
Obeliscus

Obeliscus is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
Distribution.
Species within this genus occur in Brazil, Cuba, ...
Species.
The genus "Obeliscus" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="31194669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194669" title="Tiegs for Two">
Tiegs for Two

"Tiegs for Two" is the 14th episode of the ninth season of the animated comedy series "Family Guy". It aired on Fox in the United States on April 10, 2011.In the episode, the family dog Brian Griffin fails again at getting a date and so seeks the advice of the Griffin's sex-crazed neighbor, Glenn Quagmire, who is also in pursuit of his ex-lover, actress Cheryl Tiegs. 
The episode was written by John Viener, directed by Jerry Langford, and featured guest performances by Drew Barrymore, Jessica Stroup, Cheryl Tiegs and Robert Wu, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series. The title is a reference to the famous song "Tea for Two".
Plot.
Lois requests Peter to go pick up his clothes from a dry cleaning store. Peter tells her that he got his favorite white shirt washed by the cleaners, but when he goes to pick up the shirt, he finds out that the owner, Mr. Washee Washee (Robert Wu), has lost it. This causes Peter to refuse to give him business any longer, claiming that Mr. Washee Washee stole it. Lois steadfastly declines to find a new dry cleaner and invites him to dinner. Peter fights with Mr. Washee Washee during the meal about his shirt; Washee Washee leaves in a huff, banning the Griffins from his store for life. Later that night, Peter and Chris go over to the cleaner's house. Peter then sneaks inside and finds a similar shirt, thinking the cleaner has stolen it. When he tries it on however, Peter discovers that is not his shirt and begins fighting with Mr. Washee-Washee, ultimately losing and ending up in jail. Brian goes to bail him out, and meets a woman, Denise, whom he takes a liking to. Brian later tells Lois about Denise, and tries to impress her by inviting Denise on a date. However, when Brian does so on the phone, Denise rejects him, instantly sending the dog into a deep depression.
After Peter learns of Brian's depression, he suggests that he take Quagmire's class on dating women. Despite the dog's hostile relationship with Quagmire, Brian decides to try out the program that night. Initially, Quagmire refuses to accept Brian into the class, but when Brian produces the signed class credit, he reluctantly allows him to stay and Brian goes along with the class to the local bar to pick up chicks. Brian successfully hooks up with an obese woman named Bettina, and comes home dressed in obnoxious clothing (that resembles Jon Gosselin) before heading out to try again with Denise. Denise is turned off by Brian's newfound arrogance and leaves him. Angered by Quagmire, Brian blames him for ruining his life; Quagmire replies that the course is about getting laid, not finding the right woman. Quagmire then admits that he is still in love with his ex-girlfriend, Cheryl Tiegs (first mentioned in "Jerome Is the New Black" as the only woman Quagmire truly loved, with Quagmire citing their break-up as the reason he is a sex addict), who dated him in the early 1980s but left him over his constant jealousy. Cheryl appears at Quagmire's house the next day, with her new boyfriend, Brian, who mocks Quagmire before driving off with Cheryl and making out with her. Infuriated, Quagmire tries to fight with Brian for dating Cheryl, but is stopped by Peter, who is actually quite impressed with Brian's feat.
That night, Brian takes Cheryl to dinner, where Quagmire discovers the two. Quagmire then offers to buy dinner for the two, along with his new girlfriend, Jillian, whom Brian had dated. Jealous, Brian and Quagmire begin fighting and pointing out each other's flaws in front of Cheryl and Jillian causing them to leave and break up with their dates. Brian suggests that his feud with Quagmire has finally come to an end and that it took them stealing each other's girls to finally become friends again, to which Quagmire reluctantly agrees. However, when Brian asks for a ride home, Quagmire drives off without him and backs his car onto him before driving off again.
Reception.
In a simultaneous review with "American Dad!", "The Simpsons", "Bob's Burgers", and "The Cleveland Show", Rowan Kaiser of "The A.V. Club" called the episode "damn funny" saying that " first half is a magical reminder of what made Family Guy work and a nice vacation from the experimental morality and anti-humor that's made up so much of the show over the past few months." The episode received a B+, the best rating of the night, tying with "Bob's Burgers" episode "Burger Wars" and scoring higher than "American Dad!" episode "License to Till", "The Simpsons" episode "The Great Simpsina", and "The Cleveland Show" episode "Ship'rect".

</doc>
<doc id="31194675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194675" title="Jon Terje Øverland">
Jon Terje Øverland

Jon Terje Øverland (born December 14, 1944) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Rjukan. He participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where he competed in downhill, slalom and giant slalom. He also participated at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble.
He was Norwegian champion in downhill in 1968, 1969 and 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31194692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194692" title="Where the Red Fern Grows (2003 film)">
Where the Red Fern Grows (2003 film)

Where the Red Fern Grows is an American family adventure film, directed by Lyman Dayton and Sam Pillsbury. The film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures, Bob Yari Productions, Anschutz Entertainment Group, Crusader Entertainment and Elixir Films. The film stars Joseph Ashton, Dave Matthews, Ned Beatty and Dabney Coleman. It is based on the children's book of the same name and follows the story of Billy Coleman who buys and trains two Redbone Coonhound hunting dogs to hunt raccoons in the Ozark mountains.
Plot.
An older Billy Colman (Kris Kristofferson) rescues a beagle from attack by another neighborhood dog. He takes it home with him so that its wounds can heal. In light of this event, he has a flashback to when he was a ten-year-old boy living in the Ozark mountains with his two Redbone Coonhounds. Growing up in the Ozarks with his parents and two younger sisters, Billy wants to own a pair of hunting dogs but his parents tell him that they can't afford them. One day he finds an article in a sportsman magazine offering a pair in Kentucky for $25 each. He decides to earn the money himself. For two years, he works many different jobs, and manages to save $50. His grandfather writes to the kennel and finds out that the dogs have dropped in price by $5 each. He sends for two Redbone Coonhound puppies.
Differences between the film and the book.
While the book and 1974 film version depict Billy Coleman to have long blond hair, the Billy Coleman in the 2003 film has dark brown hair.
The novel depicted the coon hunting competition to last about six nights, whereas the two film versions place it at four nights.
In the novel and 1974 film version, Billy Coleman, his dogs, and the two Pritchard boys Rainie and Rubin hunt for the legendary ghost coon at night, but in the 2003 film, they hunt for the ghost coon at daylight. Also, the 2003 film and the novel placed the boys' betted money at five dollars, while the 1974 film place the money at two dollars.
In the 2003 film, when Billy and his hounds encounter the mountain lion, Billy and Little Ann chase away the lion after it fatally injured Old Dan. In the novel and 1974 film version, Billy kills the mountain lion with his axe to save Old Dan.

</doc>
<doc id="31194736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194736" title="Rick Love">
Rick Love

Dr. Rick Love (born October 9, 1952) is an American peacemaker. He is also a consultant on Christian–Muslim relations, a teacher, and a Christian pastor. He is the president of Peace Catalyst International. Love has written two books and numerous articles on Christian–Muslim relations, emphasizing the need to make peace in a world where others predict a clash of civilizations.
Love currently lives in Arvada, Colorado with his wife Fran Lewis Love.
Early years.
Love's early years were in Southern California. After embracing the "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll" lifestyle during the 1960s, in 1970 he underwent a dramatic change and became part of what is now known as the “Jesus movement.”
After a few years as an associate pastor with the Association of Vineyard Churches, Love and his family lived in West Java, Indonesia from 1984 to 1992, where he worked as an English teacher and conducted doctoral research.
From 1992 to 2007, he served as first the US Director and then the International Director of Frontiers, a faith-based global community. Their purpose: “With love and respect, inviting all Muslim peoples to follow Jesus.”
Transformation into a peacemaker.
In January 2010, Love helped to found Peace Catalyst International, which integrated his peacemaking passions with his evangelical convictions.
Following the terrorist attacks of 9/11, Love transitioned into a professional role as a peacemaker between Muslims and Christians.
In 2008, he conducted postdoctoral research in peacemaking in the Reconciliation Program at the Yale University Center for Faith and Culture. During those studies, he helped to host the “Common Word” conference, a dialogue between Muslim and Christian leaders. This conference provided a response to A Common Word Between Us and You, an open letter, dated 13 October 2007, from leaders of the Muslim faith to leaders of the Christian faith. Love returned to Yale as a consultant and participant in the “Building Hope” conference between influential, mid-career Muslim, Christian and Jewish religious leaders in 2011. This conference drew together mid-career leaders from the Muslim, Christian, and Jewish faith communities, and addressed issues on which there was clear common ground and issues that have historically brought great division between the faiths.
In September 2012, Love convened Evangelicals for Peace: A Summit on Christian Moral Responsibility in the 21st Century. The summit gathered over one hundred scholars, pastors, development workers, activists, and others at Georgetown University to discuss peace, war, and how to work for peace as followers of Jesus. Sojourners described the summit in their article "A Heart for Peace."
Love has contributed to several interfaith dialogs including:
He has begun to be sought as a voice in Muslim–Christian interfaith understanding. As such, he was interviewed on the Turkish television station A9 where he sought to find points of agreement between Muslims and Christians, including creation care, the relationship between media and violence, and the ethics of da'wa and evangelism in the context of religious freedom.
Love serves as the Associate Director for the World Evangelical Alliance Peace and Reconciliation Initiative, as well as on the advisory board for The New Evangelical Partnership for the Common Good. He is also a consultant with Association of Vineyard Churches USA for Christian–Muslim Relations.
Books and articles.
Peacemaking: A Study Guide. Pasadena, CA: William Carey Library, 2001.
Grace and Truth: Toward Christlike Relations with Muslims, 2010. Available from Vineyard Resources.
"Punishable Peacemaking?" Op-ed for the "Washington Post"
“Peace” Article for "Insight", National Association of Evangelicals newsletter
"The Blond-Haired, Blue-Eyed, 'Christian' Face of Terrorism" on website for Carl Medearis.
"Have Muslim–Christian Relations Improved Since 9/11?" on website for "Christianity Today".
"It's a Miracle!" on the website for the World Evangelical Alliance Peace & Reconciliation Initiative.
"Muslims, Human Rights, and Human Wrongs" on the website for The New Evangelical Partnership for the Common Good.

</doc>
<doc id="31194768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194768" title="Geoffrey Ogilvy">
Geoffrey Ogilvy

Geoffrey Littlejohn Ogilvy (25 January 1906 – 20 January 1962) played first-class cricket for Somerset in two matches in the 1936 season. He was born at Lewisham in London and died at Dreemskerry, Maughold, Isle of Man.
Educated at St Bees School, Ogilvy was a right-handed middle-order batsman. He played in several Minor Counties matches for Dorset in 1931 and 1932. His two first-class matches for Somerset were both in June 1936. Against Sussex he batted at No 4 and scored 29 and 3. But later in the month he was at No 10 in the game against Cambridge University, scoring 12 in what was his last first-class innings.

</doc>
<doc id="31194772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194772" title="On air">
On air

On air or On Air may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31194775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194775" title="Dikke Eger-Bergmann">
Dikke Eger-Bergmann

Fredrikke "Dikke" Eger-Bergmann (born 7 November 1943) is a retired Norwegian alpine skier.
She was born in Stabekk, and represented the club Stabæk IF. She participated at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, where she competed in downhill, slalom and giant slalom. She also participated at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble.
She was Norwegian champion in slalom in 1961, 1966 and 1967, and in giant slalom in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="31194776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194776" title="Disdain (EP)">
Disdain (EP)

Bù Xiè ( "Disdain") is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Alien Huang's (aka Xiao Gui 小鬼) Mandarin solo debut EP album. It was released on 17 July 2009 by Rock Records. A second edition, "Disdain (Limited Edition)" (不屑 限量版) on 16 September 2009 with a bonus DVD containing two music videos and behind-the-scene footage.
In this EP Alien collaborated with label mates, rock band Fun4 (小樂團). The tracks "鬼混" (Fooling Around) was previously released in 2008 as a promotional single with Alien's second illustration book "鬼怒穿", and together with "鬼打牆" (Demon Walls) are rock tracks. The title track "不屑" (Disdain) is a rock ballad.

</doc>
<doc id="31194794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194794" title="The Bachelorette (season 7)">
The Bachelorette (season 7)

The Bachelorette 7 is the seventh season of ABC reality television series "The Bachelorette". The show premiered on May 23, 2011, featuring Ashley Hebert dating 25 men. Hebert was rejected by Brad Womack on the fifteenth season of "The Bachelor", where she was the second runner-up. The season concluded with Ashley choosing J.P. Rosenbaum as her fiancé. The couple lives in Princeton, New Jersey.
Contestants.
Biographical information according to ABC official series site, plus footnoted additions.
Episodes (dates).
Week 1.
Original airdate: May 23, 2011
There are no dates during the first week. Memorable moments arriving in the mansion include Ben F., who brings a bottle of wine and a glass for a toast with the bachelorette. During the cocktail party, Tim gets drunk and sleeps on a couch. Ashley tries to wake him up and asks the remaining guys to help Tim leave the mansion. Ryan P. received the first impression rose. Anthony, Chris M., Frank, John, Michael and Rob are all sent home in the rose ceremony.
Week 2.
Original airdate: May 30, 2011
1-on-1: William. He and Ashley visit a wedding chapel. Later that night, they have dinner in the middle of the Bellagio Fountains. He gets a rose.
Group: The men go to Las Vegas and are broken up into two teams. Each team has to choreograph a dance and the winning team gets to spend the night with Ashley and the losing team gets sent home. Team A is Ryan M., Constantine, Stephen, Matt, Ames, and Chris D. Team B is Ben F., Bentley, Blake, Lucas, Nick, and West. Team B won and they got to perform in the "JabbaWockeeZ" show. Bentley gets a rose. 
1-on-1: Mickey. Before the start of the date, Mickey and J.P. have a coin flip to see who would be Ashley's date. Mickey wins the flip. At the Mandalay Bay wave pool, they get a private concert from Colbie Caillat performing her song "Brighter Than The Sun". He gets a rose.
Week 3.
Original airdate: June 6, 2011
1-on-1: Ben C. They are part of a flash mob and have Far East Movement play their single, "Like a G6", for them. He gets a rose.
Group: Ames, Ben F., Bentley, Blake, Chris D., Jeff, Lucas, Nick, Ryan P., and William. Shortly before the start of the date, Jeff talks with Ashley about his true identity – he has been wearing a mask since the start of the show. Jeff takes off the mask and shows his true face to her. They go to a comedy club for a "Bachelorette roast" hosted by Jeffrey Ross. Ryan P. gets a rose.
1-on-1: J.P. The date was after Bentley left and Ashley felt a little down on his elimination, They have a romantic night at Ashley's "home". He gets a rose.
Other developments: After the group date, Bentley decided to leave the show. When Bentley arrives at Ashley's "home", he expressed his emotion on text messages from Michelle Money, Ashley's castmate from Brad's season of "The Bachelor"; who is a friend to Ashley and his ex-wife. His disappointment continued on his broken family. Ashley is shocked to see Bentley leaving and wants to still be with him.
Week 4.
Original airdate: June 13, 2011
1-on-1: Constantine. He and Ashley plan to take a boat, but, they have to cancel due to bad weather and instead go shopping in Old Phuket. Then, they get dinner at a secluded beach house. He gets a rose.
Group: Ben C., Ben F., Blake, J.P., Lucas, Mickey, Nick, Ryan P., West, and William. They help at a Baan San Fan orphanage to repaint and furnish the room in commemoration of the 2004 tsunami which devastated the country. Ben F. has some one-on-one time with Ashley as he had been confident at the orphanage, and he gets a kiss from Ashley. Ben F. gets a rose.
1-on-1: Ames. He and Ashley go sailing near Phuket and go kayaking in Thailand's waters. He shares his experiences traveling and they have a dinner talk. He gets a rose.
Other developments: After the cocktail party, Chris talks to Ashley about her date with Ames and asks her if two people would be going home for the rose ceremony. Ashley thinks some of the guys have on their romantic charm. Only one person leaves the competition, with an extra rose being added on the night's rose ceremony.
Week 5.
Original airdate: June 20, 2011
1-on-1: Ben F. He and Ashley travel the market with lush colors and delicious Thai delicacies. Then, they visit the temple and have dinner. Ashley talks with Ben F. about his daily life and he gets the rose. The date ends with traditional Thai dancers with local music.
Group: Ames, Blake, Constantine, Lucas, Mickey, Nick, Ryan P., and J.P. They take part in Muay Thai and they fight on an outdoor arena in four matches: Blake vs. Lucas, Mickey vs. J.P., Ames vs. Ryan P., and Nick vs. Constantine. Shortly after the fight, Ames is injured and is sent to the hospital. During that night, a clearly concussed Ames rejoins the rest of the guys for one-on-one talks with Ashley. Blake gets a rose.
2-on-1: Ben C. and William. The two travel on a river raft and have an outdoor picnic with Ashley. Ben C. is eliminated after William tells Ashley that Ben C. is interested in online dating and cannot wait to leave. That leaves William for the continuation of their date. He and Ashley have dinner at a park outside Chiang Mai. In the end, William is also eliminated.
Week 6.
Original airdate: June 27, 2011
Prologue: When the eight remaining guys arrive at the Conrad Hotel in Hong Kong, Chris comes to Ashley's room and tells her that Bentley is in the same hotel and wants to see her. Ashley and Bentley talk and she realizes that he led her on a bit and that she hasn't really closed that chapter in her journey as the Bachelorette. Ashley realizes she needs to let go of Bentley so she can fully embrace the remaining bachelors. 
1-on-1: Lucas. He and Ashley take a walk on the streets of Kowloon and take a boat ride on a junk. He gets a rose.
Group: Ben F., Blake, Constantine, Ryan P., Ames and Mickey. They take part in dragon boat racing on Hong Kong Island in three teams: two guys with local people. The teams are Ben F. and Constantine in red, Blake and Ryan P. in blue and Ames and Mickey in black; the black team wins. They all happen to witness a local couple get engaged on a beach shore. Ryan P. gets a rose. 
1-on-1: J.P.. He and Ashley travel to Victoria Peak. Ashley talks with J.P. about his past relationships. She confesses to him that she had seen Bentley a few days ago. He gets the rose.
Cocktail party: After Ashley tells the remaining contestants that Bentley had returned and that she hadn't fully let go of him until that day, Mickey decided to leave the competition because of it.
Week 7.
Original airdate: July 11, 2011
1-on-1: Constantine. He and Ashley ride on a steam train to Pingxi. There is a lantern festival going on, and they make a "love wish" on a paper lantern and release it into the sky, but not until after a street dog urinates on it. 
1-on-1: Ben F. He and Ashley travel to Taroko National Park by moped. They stop at a temple and walk to a suspension bridge over a gorge. They have dinner in Silks Place Hotel.
Group: Ames, J.P., Lucas. They have to take three individual cultural wedding photos with Ashley in Taipei's photography district. Lucas comes in first with qípáo, Ames dresses silly and sparkly, and J.P. wears a tuxedo. J.P. thinks that his relationship with Ashley grow stronger while they were on a previous date back in Hong Kong and gets the rose for the third time.
1-on-1: Ryan P. He and Ashley travel to Liberty Square for T'ai chi lessons. Then, they travel to Longshan Temple for a Confucian prayer. They do not have chemistry together and he is sent home.
Week 8.
Original airdate: July 18, 2011
Constantine takes Ashley on a lake and travel to Giorgio's, where he works and owns. Then, they have a Greek dance with his friends and family. Ames and Ashley have a ride on a horse-drawn carriage. Ben F. takes Ashley to his family winery. J.P. and Ashley go on a roller rink. J.P.'s mom shows his Bar Mitzvah photo to Ashley.
Ben F. gets the first rose followed by J.P., leaving Ames and Constantine at the bottom two. In the end, Ashley hands Constantine the last rose, eliminating Ames.
Week 9.
Original airdate: July 25, 2011
Overnight Dates
Ashley and her three remaining suitors travel to Savusavu for daytime frolicking and, perhaps, overnight canoodling. Before her date with Ben F. is going to start, a surprise visitor arrives in Fiji and it is eliminated suitor Ryan P. trying to get his second chance with her. Ben F. and Ashley have fun sailing and they snorkel on a reef. Constantine and Ashley ride in a helicopter to a lagoon on a nearby island. During dinner, Constantine has big news to tell to Ashley. He is not in love with her and does not accept the Fantasy Suite envelope. He then leaves the competition. The next day after Constantine left, Ashley visits Ryan P. to discuss their feelings. Like Bentley in week 6, Ashley wants Ryan P. to leave. The last date with Ashley is J.P. They take a ride on a seaplane to a private island, their affection growing stronger. During the rose ceremony, Ashley gives roses to both Ben F. and J.P.
Week 10 (Finale).
Original airdate: August 1, 2011
Final Dates and Final Rose Ceremony
Ashley must choose between the two final suitors for her heart. Both of the men get a chance to meet Ashley's family. When J.P. comes, her older sister, Chrystie, disapproves of him, saying that he is too old for her. Before Ben F. meets the family, Ashley and Chrystie argue over J.P.'s meeting with the family. Ben F. makes funny jokes to Ashley's family and he says he is in love with her. In their final dates, Ashley and Ben F. take a helicopter ride over the entire country to a chain of waterfalls and islands. Then, they have a mud bath. Ben F. has a good feeling about their relationship after the day is over. Ashley's final date with J.P. has him wearing a yellow T-shirt. He talks with her about how her sister does not like him. He gives her a scrapbook. The time of the proposal has come: Ben F. comes in first, and he thinks that he may be adding a new member to his family since his father died several years ago. Ashley rejects his proposal, and Ben F. leaves. J.P. comes in next and declaring he is now in love with Ashley, proposes to her and she accepts.
After filming.
After the final rose.
This special episode will air right after the finale. Ashley recaps the Season 7 finale in Fiji, and tells host Chris Harrison what was going through her mind while she was trying to make her decision. Then, Ashley's sister, who was with her family in the audience, apologized to J.P. about her initial reaction upon his meeting the family. At the end of the special episode, Chris gave Ashley and J.P. a pre-honeymoon vacation: A return to Vomo in Fiji.
Other developments.
Runner-up Ben Flajnik was selected for the sixteenth season of "The Bachelor" as the bachelor. Contestant Blake Julian is currently married to contestant Holly Durst, whom he met on "Bachelor Pad".
Wedding.
Hebert and Rosenbaum were married on December 1, 2012, with their wedding airing on ABC on December 16, 2012. They had a garden wedding in Pasadena, California. Their guests from the "Bachelor" franchise included former Bachelorettes Trista Sutter, with husband Ryan Sutter; Jillian Harris; Emily Maynard; Sean Lowe; and Jason and Molly Mesnick.
Ratings.
No episode aired on July 4, 2011 in ABC in the United States and Citytv in Canada, due to American Independence Day.

</doc>
<doc id="31194814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194814" title="Six By Six">
Six By Six

Six By Six is a card game played with a standard set of 52 playing cards.
Odds: 1 in 15.
Skill level: Mostly skill.
Goal: The aim is to build each foundation up in suit from ace to king.
Layout: The game consists of 6 columns each with 6 cards dealt to them at the start of the game. If any aces are found during the deal then they are moved to the foundations and the next card dealt replaces it.
Play: Build in descending sequence on the tableau. A block of same suit cards can be moved at once. A space can be filled by any card. Cards are dealt from the stock to the first tableau column. There is no redeal.

</doc>
<doc id="31194824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194824" title="Taboo (Don Omar song)">
Taboo (Don Omar song)

"Taboo" is the second single from Don Omar's collaborative album "" released in January 24, 2011 through Universal Latino. The song is re-adapted version from Los Kjarkas's song "Llorando se fue" most commonly known for its use in Kaoma's 1989 hit single "Lambada" fused with Latin beats. The song peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Latin Songs, becoming his third number one single on the chart.
Background.
A low-quality preview of the song was posted on October 19, 2009 planned to be included on the now-unreleased album "iDon 2.0", the re-release of his 2009 album "iDon". The album was never released, and in 2010 the song was mastered and included on "Meet the Orphans".
Critical reception.
Brian Voerding from Aol Radio Blog said that the song "It's a down-and-dirty dance number that melds traditional island rhythms with a techno-friendly undercurrent and bright synthesizer melodies. [...]" Omar, along with Daddy Yankee and others, is one of the primary faces and souls of Reggaeton, a relatively new term for music that blends reggae with contemporary hip-hop and electronic elements. received and award for "Urban Song of the Year" at the 2012 ASCAP Awards, which are awarded annually by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers in the United States.
Chart performance.
On the issue of March 5, 2011 the song debuted at number 41 on the "Billboard" Latin Songs, peaking at number one on the week of July 16, 2011, becoming his third number one single on the chart, and number 23 on the "Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay, peaking at number 2. On the issue of April 2, 2011 the song debuted at number 28 on the Latin Tropical Airplay, peaking at number 1. On the issue of May 14, 2011 the song also debuted on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at position 15, and weeks after, topped the chart. It later debuted at number 97 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 giving Don Omar his third single to enter the chart.
Remix.
On January 28, 2012 an official remix produced by Daddy Yankee's producers Musicologo & Menes "Los De La Nazza". This remix in which Don Omar is joined with Daddy Yankee was featured on Musicologo & Menes' debut mixtape El Imperio Nazza.
Music video.
Development.
The music video for the song was shot in both the Dominican Republic and Brazil, directed by Marlon Pena and produced by Noelia Cacavelli. It was premiered on April 12, 2011 through Vevo and YouTube. The music video contains clips from the 2011 movie "Fast Five" (also known as "Fast & Furious 5"), where he is guest star, as well guest appearances from the movie cast including Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Tyrese Gibson, Dwayne Johnson, Ludacris and Tego Calderón.
Reception.
According to Don Omar's Universal website, the video has a strong storyline and recaptures the essence of the popular Brazilian version, which is heavily influenced by choreographed dance moves. As of August 2011, the music video had received 50 million views, becoming his most viewed video after "Danza Kuduro".

</doc>
<doc id="31194841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194841" title="John Harcombe">
John Harcombe

John Dowie Harcombe (13 March 1883 – 19 July 1954) played first-class cricket for Somerset in seven matches stretched across the years from 1905 to 1919. He was born at Cape Town in South Africa and died at Taunton, Somerset.
Cricket career.
Harcombe was a right-handed lower-order batsman and a right-arm slow bowler. He played for Somerset in three matches in 1905, one more in 1914 and then a final three in 1919. He had limited success both as a batsman and as a bowler. His only wickets were taken in his very first match, against Lancashire in 1905. As a batsman he reached double figures only twice in a dozen innings and his highest score was 29, made batting at No 11 in his second first-class match, against Kent in 1905. Harcombe settled in Kenya and played minor cricket there for the Settlers side in the 1920s and 1930s.
War service.
Harcombe enlisted as a soldier with the Somerset Light Infantry in the First World War and was a sergeant when he was commissioned in 1916 as a temporary second lieutenant and transferred to the Devonshire Regiment. Earlier in the same year he had been awarded the Military Medal. In 1917 he was granted the rank of acting captain while serving as an adjutant to the Devonshire Regiment. He was allowed to retain the rank of captain when discharged as a second lieutenant in February 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="31194843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194843" title="Good Clean Fun (production company)">
Good Clean Fun (production company)

Good Clean Fun is an American television production company based in Los Angeles. The company was founded by Jason Carbone and produces primarily reality docusoap content. Past programming has focused on celebrity figures in music, television, and sports.
Good Clean Fun produces "Tia & Tamera", a reality series starring former teen stars Tia and Tamera Mowry. The series premiered on August 8, 2011 to record-breaking numbers on Style Network, as the most-watched series premiere in Style history and has since aired two seasons. The show was renewed for a third season on February 12, 2013. Season three of "Tia & Tamera" premiered on Sunday, July 14, 2013.
Past productions include the NAACP Image Award winning "Run's House", which followed the family of Rev Run aka Joseph Simmons for 6 seasons, and critically acclaimed "Life of Ryan", a look into the life of teen skateboarding pro Ryan Sheckler. Good Clean Fun also produced TLC's "Livin' for the Apocalypse", which profiled preppers preparing for a coming apocalypse, and the special Dev for MTV, about the singer by the same name. Recently, Good Clean Fun has produced "Mountain Movers", which premiered on Thursday, May 9th on the National Geographic Channel.
As of 2013, Good Clean Fun worked on a new show - "Sanya's Glam and Gold", a reality series starring Olympic Gold Medalist Sanya Richards-Ross, which premiered on Thursday, July 25th on WE tv. Their newest show, "The Cassadee Pope Project" has finished production for CMT.
In 2014, Good Clean Fun is currently producing "Rev Run's Sunday Suppers" on Cooking Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="31194886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194886" title="Applebay Zia">
Applebay Zia

The Applebay Zia is an American, single-seat, high-wing, twin-boom, pusher configuration motor glider that was designed by George Applebay for the 1982 Sailplane Homebuilders Association Homebuilt Sailplane Design Contest. The aircraft was intended to be offered as a factory completed aircraft or as a kit.
Design and development.
Even though the Zia was designed for the 1982 Sailplane Homebuilders Association Homebuilt Sailplane Design Contest, it was withdrawn from the competition as it required changes during the contest period, which the rules prohibited. In fact the design that was to become the Zia went though six different configurations, starting as a canard. The aircraft is named for the Zia people.
The Zia is constructed from fiberglass with a carbon fiber wing spar. The aircraft has fixed tricycle gear featuring wheel pants. The specified engine is the Rotax 277 two-stroke, which is started with a manual recoil starter. The aircraft has flaps which deploy to 45° and retract anytime the flap handle is released, intentionally preventing the use of flaps and throttle at the same time. Fuel is carried in the left wing root tank.
The Zia was placed in series production in the fall of 1983 but only four were completed, including the prototype. The design was not type certified and all examples produced were registered in the "Experimental" category
Operational history.
In March 2011 there were still two Zias registered in the USA, including one owned by the designer.

</doc>
<doc id="31194891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194891" title="Liv Jagge-Christiansen">
Liv Jagge-Christiansen

Liv Jagge-Christiansen (born February 25, 1943) is a Norwegian tennis player and alpine skier. She was born in Oslo. She participated at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley and at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, competing in downhill, slalom and giant slalom. Her best result was 7th place in slalom in 1964. She is the mother of alpinist Finn Christian Jagge. She won ten national tennis championships in double, and one in mixed double.
In 1962 she became Norwegian champion in all four alpine disciplines (slalom, giant slalom, downhill and alpine combined).

</doc>
<doc id="31194898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194898" title="Ralph Hancock (cricketer)">
Ralph Hancock (cricketer)

Ralph Escott Hancock (20 December 1887 – 29 October 1914) played first-class cricket for Somerset in nine matches between 1907 and 1914. He was born at Llandaff in Glamorgan and died in the First World War at Festubert, La Bassee, France. 
Ralph Hancock's father was Frank Hancock, a member of the Cardiff brewing company and a pioneering rugby union international for Wales; his uncles Froude Hancock and William Hancock played rugby union for England and William also appeared in one cricket match for Somerset in 1892.
Educated at Rugby School, Ralph Hancock was a right-handed middle-order batsman and an occasional bowler. He made his first-class cricket debut in the match against the South Africans at Bath in 1907, but achieved little in that game, nor in two further matches in 1908. He then disappeared from first-class cricket for four seasons before reappearing, with greater success, in four games in the 1913 season. These games included the match against Sussex at Eastbourne, in which Hancock scored 28 and 34, the two highest scores of his first-class career. He was not successful in two games in the 1914 season.
Hancock was serving as a Lieutenant in the Devonshire Regiment when he was killed less than three months into the First World War. According to his record in the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Order and had been mentioned in dispatches. The same source records that he was survived by his parents, who were then living in Wiveliscombe, Somerset and by his wife Mary Hamilton Hancock.

</doc>
<doc id="31194926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194926" title="Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association v. FCC">
Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association v. FCC

Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association v. FCC Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association v. FCC, 275 F.3d 337 (4th Cir. 2001). Congress required satellite television carriers to carry all requesting local broadcast stations in the market where the carrier voluntarily decides to carry one local station in order to, in part, preserve a multiplicity of local broadcast outlets for over-the-air-viewers who do not subscribe either to satellite or cable service.
Background.
Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association.
"We are delighted that the SBCA Board of Directors has agreed to form a Foundation. Our industry has a presence in every state," said SBCA Executive Director, Joe Widoff. "Workers and their families live in thousands of communities throughout the country and the goal of the Foundation is to help meet the needs of these communities in meaningful ways."
Detail.
The Fourth Circuit acknowledged that both DBS and cable television operators engage in speech protected by the First Amendment when making channel and content selections. However, the court endorsed the holding in Turner that preserving “free” broadcast television constituted a content-neutral measure that imposes only incidental burdens on speech sufficient to pass muster using intermediate First Amendment scrutiny. The court held that imposing mandatory carriage requirements on satellite television operators furthers an important, narrowly drawn governmental interest:
Congress Options.
The Supreme Court has said that the "principal inquiry in determining content neutrality...is whether the government has adopted a regulation of speech because of or disagreement with the message it conveys". This inquiry involves two steps.
we disagree. SHVIA's carriage obligations are not triggered simply by the decision to carry a local broadcast station in a given market. instead, they are triggered by the decision to carry that station by making use of the 122 license. A satellite carrier that privately negotiates the required copyright clearances can retransmit the signal of a local broadcast station without incurring any carriage obligations, but a carrier that retransmits the same signal by means of the statutory copyright license must comply with the carry one, carry all rule. thus, the burdens of the rule do not depend on a satellite carrier's choice of content, but on its decision to transmit that content by using one set of economic arrangements rather that another. Accordingly, we hold that the carry one, carry all rule is content neutral on its face
Congress Decision.
Congress chose the second because it feared that cherry picking of major network affiliates within local markets would make it more difficult for non-carried stations in those markets to reach their audiences"
"Although the conferees expect that subscribers who receive no broadcast signals at all from their satellite service may install antennas or subscribe to cable service in addition to satellite service, the Conference Committee is less sanguine that subscribers who receive network signals and hundreds of other programming choices from their satellite carrier will undertake such trouble and expense to obtain over-the-air signals from independent broadcast stations"
The proposed legislation violates federal law.
Additionally, this 10 day notice period runs afoul of federal law as it is a restriction that unreasonably delays or prevents installation, maintenance or use of satellite services. The FCC derived its authority to create the OTARD Rule via the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (“1996 Act”). In Section 207 of the 1996 Act, Congress directed the FCC to “promulgate regulations to prohibit restrictions that impair a viewer’s ability to receive video programming services through devices designed for over-the-air reception of television broadcast signals, multichannel multipoint distribution service, or digital broadcast satellite services.”
Implementation.
Satellite Home Viewer Extension and Reauthorization Act.
Historical Introduction.
Three statutory licenses in the Copyright Act (“Act”) govern the retransmission of distant and local over-the-air broadcast station signals. There is one statutory license applicable to cable television systems and two statutory licenses applicable to satellite carriers.which are license 111, license 109,and license 120
Extended Signal Importation Opportunities.
SHVERA provides DBS operators with better opportunities to import distant broadcast signals into markets lacking “local-into-local” delivery of nearby signals and localities unserviced by terrestrial broadcast network signals. 
local-into-local means that if a satellite customer lives in an area where the satellite company has decided to provide the service, the customer can receive local TV channels. If the company decides that it will not provide local broadcast stations in an area, the consumer may still receive local broadcast stations by using an antenna or basic cable service.
Retransmission of Distant Digital Network Signals.
SHVERA also offers DBS operators the opportunity to deliver distant digital network signals into “digital white areas” where the nearest network broadcaster does not currently offer digital content, or where adequate off-air reception does not occur.
Summary.
The satellite and cable regulatory frameworks attempt to balance a number of longstanding, but potentially conflicting, public policy goals—most notably, localised, competitive provision of video services, support for the creative process, and preservation of free over-the-air broadcast television. They also attempt to balance the interests of the satellite, cable, broadcast, and program content industries. Congress incorporated the sunset provisions in SHVERA because of its concern that market changes could affect these balances.
The statutory provisions distinguish between the retransmission of local signals—the broadcast signals of stations located in the same local market as the subscriber—and of distant signals. Provisions block or restrict the retransmission of many distant broadcast signals in order to protect local broadcasters from competition from distant signals and to provide them with a stronger negotiating position vis-à-vis the satellite and cable operators, with the intention of fostering local programming. But the regulatory framework also recognizes that U.S. households benefit from the receipt of certain distant broadcast signals and includes explicit retransmission and copyright rules for these.
Ruling.
Satellite Home Viewer Improvement Act of 1999.
This Act modified the Satellite Home Viewer Act of 1988. SHVIA permits satellite broadcasters to provide local broadcast TV signals to all their subscribers in that local TV station’s market. SHVIA also permits satellite broadcasters (satellite broadcasters. 2000-2001) to provide "distant" or national broadcast programming to subscribers. SHIVA Fact Sheet
Carry one.carry all
The National Association of Broadcasters, which did not return requests for comment, is probably going to be unhappy because the FCC plans to allow DirecTV and Dish to down convert broadcasters’ HD signals to a less pristine picture resolution for several years.
The satellite giants-which combined serve about 30 million pay-TV subscribers-convinced FCC officials that they lacked the channel capacity to provide every eligible station in HD immediately. They insisted that they needed several years to prepare for a full HD carriage requirement.
HD signals stress capacity because they take up much more bandwidth than digital signal transmitted at lower resolution.
The FCC’s HD rules for satellite were far more lenient than the ones originally proposed by FCC chairman Kevin Martin. He started off at full HD carriage in February 2009, coupled with a market-by-market waiver process.
Martin scuttled his original plan after DirecTV and Dish Network complained that it was draconian and damaging to their ability to compete with cable.
Instead, the FCC decided to give DirecTV and EchoStar until 2013 to carry all stations in HD within any market where they have elected to carry any station's signal in HD format.
The “carry one, carry all in HD” principle kicks in when a satellite company starts carrying local signals in HD. DirecTV’s decision to carry local TV signals in HD does not force Dish to do likewise in the same market.
Circuit Judge.
Rogers, Circuit Judge: Following enactment of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, the Federal Communications Commission promulgated a rule prohibiting restrictions on certain over-the-air reception devices ("OTARD"). The rule invalidated

</doc>
<doc id="31194939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194939" title="Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies">
Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies

The Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies (ACMRS) is a state-wide research unit in Arizona charged with coordinating and stimulating the interdisciplinary exploration of medieval and Renaissance culture. Its activities cover a period roughly from 400 C.E., the fall of the Roman Empire, to 1700 C.E. ACMRS organizes programs at Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona State University in Tempe, and the University of Arizona in Tucson.
ACMRS is a tri-university research unit within the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences (Clas) at Arizona State University (ASU). ACMRS was established in 1981 by the Arizona Board of Regents for the purpose of promoting and coordinating all aspects of Medieval and Renaissance Studies at all three state universities through the support of research, lectures, symposia, conferences, visiting professorships, and publications. It cooperates with the Medieval and Renaissance Committees (MARC) of Northern Arizona University (NAU) and the University of Arizona (UA) to promote similar scholarly activity at ASU's sister universities.
History of ACMRS.
Directors.
From 1982 until 1994, ACMRS was directed by Jean R. Brink from the Department of English at ASU. It is currently directed by Robert E. Bjork, also from the Department of English at ASU.
1981-1987.
In establishing ACMRS, ASU employed Professor Fredi Chiappelli, then Director of the UCLA Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, as a consultant. Because he directed an internationally recognized center and had previously served as a visiting professor at the University of Arizona and as a visiting lecturer at Northern Arizona University and was therefore familiar with the Arizona universities, his participation in the founding of the Center was viewed as essential. The founding document approved by the Arizona Board of Regents (ABOR) in 1981 indicated the following provisions: ACMRS was to be located at ASU; a Director with an indefinite term was to be appointed; a Steering Committee composed of three scholars from each university, and other such detailed specifications.
1987-1993.
During the next stage in ACMRS history, continued lack of funding made it more and more difficult to maintain a statewide network. Communication by telephone and electronic mail continued to flourish, and some cooperation among faculty continued independently of a formal structure as well as through ACMRS. Local campus operations at the three universities, however, began to perform many of the functions originally envisioned for a statewide Center. Because of a state-wide budgetary crisis, ACMRS was asked in the spring of 1993 to cut $50,000 from its budget. In response to that request some operating reductions were made, and some activities discontinued completely. The Center in this period had two full-time staff and several graduate student assistants besides the Director. The main activities included a lecture series, hosting the national conferences of the Sixteenth-Century Studies Society and the Renaissance Society of America, and a Distinguished Visiting Professor program.
1994-1999.
In July 1994, Robert E. Bjork was appointed Director of ACMRS. Since his appointment, in addition to continuing programs already established such as an ad hoc lecture series, a graduate student travel award to the Medieval Congress at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, and a book award for promising undergraduates intending to do post-graduate work in medieval or Renaissance studies, Bjork instituted over twenty programs or initiatives that changed the structure of ACMRS, lent it more national and international prominence, and reinvigorated cooperation among Arizona's three universities. Chief among these new programs was the inauguration of the annual interdisciplinary conference in 1995 and the institution of "MRTS" ("Medieval and Renaissance Texts and Studies") at ACMRS in 1996, a prestigious publication initiated at SUNY Binghamton. As a result of all the programmatic changes instituted during this period, the ACMRS staff grew to five full-time staff personnel. By 1999, ACMRS had several well-established publishing programs besides "MRTS", and a much stronger local, national, and international presence than it had in the past.
1999-2002.
ACMRS’s local, regional, national, and international standing continued to rise during this period; new programs and initiatives were put into place; and external and internal funding continued to grow. Grant writing both externally and internally, for example, increased to an average of sixteen proposals per year; and manuscript submissions to the Medieval and Renaissance Texts and Studies (MRTS) series continued to flow in. In the spring of 1999, Bjork inaugurated the lecture series “Distinguished Lectures in Medieval and Renaissance Studies” and over the course of that year entered into new joint publication ventures in the U.S. and abroad, established new book series, and continually increased cooperation between ASU, UA and NAU. Outreach programs likewise remained strong and internationally included joint meetings of the ACMRS conference with that of the Medieval Academy of America in 2001 that attracted 367 attendees from 12 countries and with that of the Renaissance Society of America in spring 2002 that attracted approximately 730 attendees world-wide. Since the acquisition of MRTS in 1996, ACMRS saved ASU College of Liberal Arts and Sciences an average of $7,224 per year in its salary commitment to ACMRS for the series and, because of that commitment, generated an average of $20,000 per year in grant support and $15,500 in additional salaries.
2002-2007.
In 2002-3, ACMRS began to distribute the publications of the Viking Society for Northern Research at the University of London, the Istituto storico italiano per il Medio Evo in Rome, and Roma nel Rinascimento also in Rome; it also successfully negotiated with AMS Press for the publication of the annual journal "Studies in Medieval and Renaissance History". The biannual meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists, for which Director Bjork was president, came to Arizona then. In 2003-4, the ACMRS director negotiated agreements with the Medieval Studies Program at Pennsylvania State University and with the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists to publish series of their books and with Brepols to have another book series "Late Medieval and Early Modern Studies" produced under ACMRS’s auspices and the auspices of the University of Melbourne. These agreements were designed to embed ACMRS in the world community of medieval and Renaissance scholars and to foster international cooperation. And to gauge how successful ACMRS was becoming in funding its own programs, the Director conducted an informal survey of all medieval and Renaissance studies centers in North America, inquiring about what percentage of their annual budgets they managed to cover from their own funds and what percentage was covered by their universities. He discovered that as of March, 2003, ACMRS ranks first in this category, its closest competitor being the Medieval Institute at Western Michigan University, which hosts the largest medieval conference in the world every year and covers approximately 50% of its own budget. Beginning in 2007, ACMRS negotiated an agreement with the University of Maryland, College Park, to co-publish the journal "Early Modern Women"; it began a new subseries within MRTS called FRETS, "French of England Texts and Studies" with Fordham University and York University; and it became the joint sponsor with the Society for Medieval Feminist Scholarship of MEDFEM-L (medieval feminist listserv). Last, the director served on the inaugural standing committee of CARMEN, Co-operative for the Advancement of Research through a Medieval European Network, a European organization whose main purpose is to generate ideas and institutional teams for major funding proposals to agencies in Europe such as the European Science Foundation. At the second meeting of CARMEN, held this time in Prato, Italy, Bjork also began negotiations for collaborative efforts between ACMRS and the developing Prato Centre for Medieval and Renaissance Studies of Monash University in Australia.
Academic programs.
Cambridge, England Summer Study Abroad Program.
The Cambridge Summer Study Abroad Program, established by ACMRS in 1996, is a five-week program that offers students interdisciplinary study opportunities in the history and culture of medieval and Renaissance Britain. During the five-week program, students live in residence at St. Catharine's College, University of Cambridge. Courses are taught by faculty from Cambridge, Arizona universities and universities outside Arizona and include weekly excursions. 
Medieval and Renaissance Studies Certificate Program.
The Medieval and Renaissance Studies Certificate Program was established by ACMRS for students interested in pursuing their studies at ASU. This program is open to both graduate and undergraduate students.
Ductus.
This introduction to Latin Paleography internet course was developed by Professor Bernard Muir of the University of Melbourne and is offered by the ACMRS. This course in codicology and paleography offers training in the transcription of thirty-six western European book hands representing the period AD 200-1500.
Public Programs.
Distinguished Lectures in Medieval and Renaissance Studies.
In the spring of 1999, ACMRS established its Distinguished Lecture Series in Medieval and Renaissance Studies. Each semester, the Center brings one eminent scholar to ASU for a few days to present a public lecture, interact with upper-division and/or graduate classes, and meet informally with students and faculty. Often, ACMRS is also able to arrange speaking engagements for the distinguished visitor at the University of Arizona in Tucson and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff.
Ad hoc Public Lecture Series.
ACMRS sponsors free public lectures by both visiting and local scholars.
Annual Fall Symposium.
ACMRS Annual Fall Symposia explore topics of interest to the general public. In past years they have dealt with subjects such as J. R. R. Tolkien, Robin Hood, Don Quixote, love and sex in medieval and Renaissance Italy, Arthurian legends, Jews, witch hunts, music and dance, and death and dying in the Middle Ages and Renaissance.
Reading Groups.
ACMRS hosts weekly reading groups in a variety of ancient languages such as Classical Latin, Medieval Latin, Old English, and Old Norse. These reading groups are free and open to the public; a venue for anyone to learn or practice in a small group environment.
Grant-Funded Projects and Programs.
NEH Summer Program.
The National Endowment for the Humanities sponsored “Disease in the Middle Ages”, a five-week seminar for college and university teachers held July 5 - August 8, 2009 in London, England.
Iter.
Iter is a gateway to the Middle Ages and the Renaissance that includes a massive, retrospective, on-line medieval and Renaissance bibliography covering all languages and disciplines. Iter is partnered with the Renaissance Society of America, the Sixteenth Century Society and Conference, and the University of Toronto.
The Geese Book.
ACMRS participated in a project to make a sixteenth-century manuscript available to the public. The Geese Book is a large, lavishly illuminated, two-volume gradual made for the church of St. Lorenz in Nuremberg between 1504 and 1510. Today it is conserved in the J. Pierpont Morgan Library in New York (M. 905). Plans are underway to produce an electronic facsimile and to make it available on the internet through ITER. Additionally an interactive DVD-ROM with sound recordings, explanatory material, documents, and essays will be prepared. Other facets of the project include a seminar, a concert, a radio documentary, and an audio compact disc.
Conferences.
Joint meeting of the Medieval Academy of America and the Medieval Association of the Pacific.
ACMRS occasionally hosts the annual meetings of the Medieval Academy of America and the Medieval Association of the Pacific. The first occurred in 2001 and the second in 2011.
Annual Undergraduate Conference.
"Discipuli Juncti: Students Connected through the Middle Ages and the Renaissance" is a conference, instituted by the ACMRS in 2007, gives undergraduate students who are interested in Medieval and/or Renaissance culture another opportunity to present their research or project to a group of their peers and others.
Other Conferences.
In 2003, ACMRS hosted the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists' Conference entitled "Conversion and Colonization".
Online Resources.
CARA Data Project.
ACMRS hosts the CARA Data Project, or Committee on Centers and Regional Associations, the Medieval Academy of America's online directory.
The Lopez Collection.
ACMRS houses the Lopez Collection, the books and papers of Robert S. Lopez, Sterling Professor of History and founder of the Medieval Studies Program at Yale University.
MEDFEM-L.
MEDFEM-L is an un-moderated forum for discussion of feminist approaches to medieval studies. Established in the mid-1990s by volunteers interested in connecting people who shared interests in medieval feminist studies, the Advisory Board of the Society for Medieval Feminist Scholarship (SMFS) “adopted” medfem-l.
The World of Dante Website.
The World of Dante is a multi-media research tool intended to facilitate the study of the Divine Comedy through a wide range of offerings. These include an encoded Italian text which allows for structured searches and analyses, an English translation, interactive maps, diagrams, music, a database, timeline and gallery of illustrations. Many of these features allow users to engage the poem dynamically through the integrated components of this site.
"Mediaevistik".
"Mediaevistik" is an international journal of interdisciplinary medieval research, edited by Peter Dinzelbacher and Albrecht Classen.
Awards and Fellowships.
ACMRS Faculty Fellows Program.
ASU Faculty may apply for a fellowship to receive a two-course teaching reduction during one semester. An ACMRS Visiting Distinguished Professor will bear the load of those two courses.
Graduate Travel Award.
ACMRS offeres a travel award to a graduate student to present a paper at the International Medieval Congress, held every May at the Western Michigan University, Kalamazoo.
Undergraduate Book Award.
The ACMRS Undergraduate Book Award, in honor of founding director, Jean Brink, is given to an undergraduate student who has excelled academically in the study of the Middle Ages and/or Renaissance and who expects to continue study in one of these areas at the graduate level.
Publications.
" Medieval and Renaissance Texts and Studies" (MRTS) and "Renaissance English Text Society" (RETS).
"Medieval and Renaissance Texts and Studies" (MRTS) is a series of translations, studies, reference works, and editions including those of the Renaissance English Text Society (RETS). MRTS Online is a joint project between Iter and ACMRS to make select MRTS titles available in electronic format.
"Arizona Studies in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance" (ASMAR).
"Arizona Studies in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance" (ASMAR) is edited by Robert Bjork and is published by Brepols Publishers, Belgium This series presents collections of essays in medieval and Renaissance Studies that are also the focus of the annual ACMRS Conference. The series will also include occasional volumes, generally on themes related to those of the annual conferences.
ACMRS Occasional Publications.
ACMRS Occasional Publications is a new series that will include works that are not necessarily scholarly in nature but have relevance to the teaching and study of the Middle Ages and Renaissance, such as memoirs, collections of personal essays, and historical fiction.
Bagwyn Books, Historical Fiction Imprint.
The Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies formed an imprint subsidiary to publish historical fiction centered in the medieval and Renaissance periods. Founded in 2011, Bagwyn Books is dedicated to publishing well-researched historical fiction novels that are appropriate for an audience ranging from young adult (ages 14+) to an adult audience.
Anglo-Saxon Manuscripts in Microfiche Facsimile (ASMMF).
Anglo-Saxon Manuscripts in Microfiche Facsimile (ASMMF) is a project which makes available in microfiche nearly five hundred manuscripts containing Old English.
"Oxford Dictionary of the Middle Ages".
In the spring of 1999, Oxford University Press appointed ACMRS Director Bjork as General Editor of "The Oxford Dictionary of the Middle Ages" ("ODMA"), a new reference tool constructed on the general model of The Oxford Classical Dictionary, for all key aspects of European history, society, religion, and culture, c. 500 to c. 1500, including relevant aspects of the Byzantine Empire, the Islamic dynasties, and Asiatic peoples such as the Avars and the Mongols are included. ODMA was published in June 2010 and featured in many medieval blogs and news stories.
Late Medieval and Early Modern Studies.
Late Medieval and Early Modern Studies is jointly directed by ACMRS and the University of Melbourne and published by Brepols, this book series covers the historical period in Western and Central Europe from ca. 1300 to ca. 1650. It concentrates on topics of broad cultural, religious, intellectual and literary history.
"Discipuli Juncti" Undergraduate Conference Papers.
"Discipuli Juncti" Undergraduate Conference Papers are a collection of the best papers presented at the Annual ACMRS Undergraduate Conference.
"Studies in Medieval and Renaissance History".
"Studies in Medieval and Renaissance History" is a journal that provides an outlet for the presentation of scholarship that often falls outside the limitations of other publications. It publishes interpretive and historiographical essays that explore the ramifications of current scholarship or that treat issues and themes of interest to any historian of the pre-modern period.
"Early Modern Women".
"Early Modern Women": An Interdisciplinary Journal is a joint publication of ACMRS and the University of Maryland. This journal publishes essays on women and gender during the years 1500-1700 from all geographical areas and across all relevant fields: European, African, Islamic, Asian, and colonial studies, as well as studies of literature, art, music, history, history of science, religion, and anthropology.
"Moreana".
ACMRS has assisted in publishing issues of "Moreana", a bilingual - French and English - journal published three times a year. "Moreana" provides an international forum for research and exchange about the world of Thomas More.
Fundraising and Endowment.
The Saint John's Bible.
In October 2010, ACMRS unveiled the Heritage Edition of the St. John's Bible at its annual Distinguished Lecture in Medieval Studies. Dr. Rodney M. Thompson, Honorary Research Fellow at the School of History and Classics of the University of Tasmania, presented a lecture on the "Great Illuminated Bibles of 12th-Century England: A Study in Splendor" following the dedication of the specially-printed facsimile Bible. The seven-volume Heritage Edition was donated by Phoenix resident, George Berkner, a 1956 Saint John's University graduate. It resides at the Universities' Special Collections in Hayden Library at ASU and in the offices of ACMRS.
The Seated King.
In the Spring of 2004, ACMRS received a unique medieval statue as a donation from the Metropolitan Museum of Art docent, Jeri Garbaccio and her husband Charles. The gift was accepted in honor of Florence E. Nelson of Scottsdale, Arizona and in memory of Renee Kra, former Managing Editor of "Radiocarbon" at the University of Arizona. The medieval figure is a three-foot wood polychromy seated king of Spanish origin, dating back to the second half of the thirteenth century. The statue is on display at the ACMRS main office in Tempe, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="31194944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194944" title="Paper Discovery Center">
Paper Discovery Center

The Paper Discovery Center is a museum and workshop center focused on papermaking in Appleton, Wisconsin, USA, where paper is an important local industry.
Programs in the past have included hands-on work experience, tours, and general information on papermaking. There is a Science Summer Series for children at the center.
The Paper Discovery Center opened in February 2005. It was first conceived in 1999 as part of the Paper Industry International Hall of Fame, Inc. The Kimberly-Clark Corporation donated its former Atlas Mill on the Fox River in Appleton to house the center.

</doc>
<doc id="31194962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194962" title="J. Michael Ruane">
J. Michael Ruane

J. Michael Ruane (December 10, 1927 in Salem, Massachusetts – June 25, 2006 in Danvers, Massachusetts) was an American politician who represented the 7th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1975–2005.
Early career.
The son of a grocery store manager, Ruane attended St. Mary's Boys High School in Lynn, Massachusetts. After graduation he spent three years as a member of the United States Navy. After his military service, Ruane returned to Salem, where he worked for the city as a clerk in the motor division and as a coach, basketball referee and baseball umpire for the Recreation Department. He served as a councilor-at-large on the Salem City Council from 1970 to 1975.
House of Representatives.
Ruane was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1974. As a result of redistricting, he faced, and defeated, 8th Essex District Representative Bruce McLaughlin in the Democratic primary. After defeating Salem City Councilman Steve Lovely in the 1980 Democratic Primary, Ruane would not face another challenger for 22 years.
From 1996 until his retirement in 2005, he was the vice chairman House Ways and Means Committee.
Death.
Ruane died on June 25, 2006 at the Kaplan Family Hospice House in Danvers, Massachusetts. He was survived by his wife Helena and two of their children. A daughter, Christine, and a son, Patrick, predeceased him.

</doc>
<doc id="31194985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194985" title="The Balcony (painting)">
The Balcony (painting)

The Balcony is an 1868 oil painting by the French painter Édouard Manet and was exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1869. The painting depicts four figures. On the left is Berthe Morisot, who became in 1874 the wife of his brother, Eugène. In the centre is the painter Jean Baptiste Antoine Guillemet. On the right is Fanny Claus, a violinist. The fourth figure, partially obscured in the interior's background, is possibly Leon Leenhoff, Manet's (step) son. The painting was sold by Gustave Caillebotte in 1884 and is currently kept at the Musée d'Orsay, in Paris.
Inspiration and description.
The painting, inspired by "The Majas at the balcony" by Francisco Goya, was created at the same time and with the same purpose as "The Lunch in the workshop". The three characters, who were all friends of Manet, seem to be disconnected from each other: while Berthe Morisot, on the left, looks like a romantic and inaccessible heroine, the young violinist Fanny Claus and the painter Antoine Guillemet seem to display indifference. The boy in the background is Manet's son, Léon. Just behind the railings, there are a hydrangea and a dog with a ball.
A preparatory study for The Balcony, "The Portrait of Mademoiselle Claus", resides in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. The portrait’s subject is Fanny Claus, the closest friend of Manet’s wife Suzanne Leenhoff. This unfinished portrait was painted as a study for the finished canvas. Following Manet’s premature death in 1883, the portrait was bought in a studio sale by the great artist John Singer Sargent. The portrait had only been seen once in public since it was first painted in 1868, but in 2012 the Ashmolean Museum succeeded in raising the funds to acquire it and keep it permanently in a public collection in the United Kingdom.
Reception.
The aggressive and bold green of the balcony also drew much attention, as evidenced by the article devoted to the work by the "Grand dictionnaire universel du XIXe siècle" in 1878 which stated: "This painting was exhibited at the Salon of 1869 and is one of those who contributed to form this reputation for eccentricity realistic, this reputation of bad taste that was attached to Mr. Manet." The press considered the painting as "discordant". The contrast of colors (the background completely black, the white faces and clothes, the blue tie of the man, and the green railings) contributes to create an atmosphere of "mystery".

</doc>
<doc id="31194991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194991" title="I Set My Friends On Fire EP">
I Set My Friends On Fire EP

I Set My Friends On Fire EP is the debut self-titled EP released by American experimental band I Set My Friends On Fire on July 14, 2008. It includes four demo versions of tracks featured on their debut album, "You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter".

</doc>
<doc id="31194992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194992" title="Peter Courtenay (cricketer)">
Peter Courtenay (cricketer)

Peter Jeofry Searle Courtenay (11 March 1914 – 7 April 1959) played first-class cricket for Somerset in two matches in the 1934 season. He was born at Weymouth in Dorset and died at Broadstone, also in Dorset. His younger brother Geofry also played for Somerset.
Educated at Marlborough College, Courtenay played as a lower-order right-handed batsman in two matches inside a week for Somerset, but was not successful, failing to reach double figures in any of his four first-class innings.
In the Second World War, he is recorded in the London Gazette as being commissioned as a lieutenant in the reserve of officers in the British Army in Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="31194993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194993" title="Esprit de Corps (EP)">
Esprit de Corps (EP)

Esprit de Corps is the second demo EP by British indie rock band Wild Beasts. The album was self-released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31194994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194994" title="Francis Gouldman">
Francis Gouldman

Francis Gouldman ("ca." 1607–1688/9) was a Church of England clergyman and lexicographer whose Latin-English dictionary (1664) went through several editions. Gouldman was also one of the directors who oversaw the publication of the monumental "Critici sacri", a major collection of Biblical criticism.
Life.
Gouldman earned his master's degree from Christ's College, Cambridge. His father was George Gouldman, also spelled Gowldman, who was a rector of South Ockendon, Essex. His son succeeded him, and held the position from 26 March 1634 until his death, with one hiatus. In 1644, he was caught up in Reformation church politics, and an ejectment was brought against him. "He appeareth to be ill affected," the text of the ejectment read, "and an Idle Minister," grounds for which claim might have been found in his refusal to preach more than once on the Sabbath or Fast Days, and going for nine years without catechizing his parishioners. In the view of J.E.B. Mayor, the case "shows how little his enemies could find to object against this laborious scholar," and he was later restored. Gouldman was, however, undeniably outspoken from the pulpit, fomenting against Parliament and taxation.
His wife's name was Abigail. They had five children.
Latin dictionary.
"A Copious Dictionary in Three Parts" provided explanations and etymologies, though criticized as rambling and obscure by his successor and rival, Elisha Coles. The second edition was published in 1669, with a third in 1674 and a fourth in 1678. Gouldman's stated intention was to provide "correct and plentiful observations, and phraseological explanations," as well as "the proper names of persons, places, and other things necessary to the understanding of historians and poets." Gouldman's approach was inclusionist: he explained "barbarous" forms instead of correcting or omitting them. His work was revised along more prescriptive lines by Adam Littleton for greater purity of Latinity.
Gouldman's dictionary was one of the works for which Cambridge University Press was most known in the 17th century. Thomas Parson is said by Edmund Calamy to have helped it through the press, working also on the front matter and indexing; but his name does not appear in connection with the book.
"Critici sacri".
Under the direction of Gouldman, John Pearson and Anthony Scattergood, the nine-volume "Critici Sacri" was published in London in 1660 with a dedication to Charles II. Intended as a companion to the "Polyglott Bible" of Brian Walton (1657), "Critici sacri" was a collection of essays on Biblical interpretation, antiquities, textual criticism and exegesis by the most significant theologians of the time.
At the beginning of the 19th century, the theologian Adam Clarke considered "Critici sacri" the most important collection of Biblical criticism ever made, and in the 21st century it is still recognized as a great work.
In fiction.
Gouldman was an interlocutor along with the 2nd-century grammarian Hesychius in one of the satirical dialogues of William King. "Gouldman" chides the ancient lexicographer for boasting of the attention he receives from pedants, pointing out that philological learnedness has little value for the man of action.

</doc>
<doc id="31194995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31194995" title="Frente Unido de Reforma Agraria">
Frente Unido de Reforma Agraria

Frente Unido de Reforma Agraria ('United Front for Land Reform', abbreviated FURA) was a coalition of popular movements in Ecuador, formed in 1972 to struggle for the implementation of land reform. FURA consisted of FENOC, ACAL, FTAL, ACAE and ECUARUNARI.
FURA mobilizes various public protests and peasant congresses. The first protest march was organized in Guayaquil in 1972. In 1973 FURA marches gathered 50,000 people in Guayaquil (organized on June 6, 1973), 15,000 people in Cuenca and 5,000 people in Quito.
FURA argued in favour of returning lands to peasant communities, assistance to farming cooperatives, ending feudal labour relations, increases in salaries and technical assistance.
The movement organized the 'First National Peasant Meeting for Land Reform' in Quito, which demanded the implementation of radical and genuine land reform. In October 1973 a Land Reform Law was promulgated by General Guillermo Rodríguez Lara, partially fulfilling the demands of FURA. FURA fell apart soon afterwards, due to political differences in the coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="31195015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195015" title="All Men">
All Men

All Men is the third demo EP by British indie rock band Wild Beasts. The album was self-released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31195018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195018" title="Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the International Criminal Court">
Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the International Criminal Court

States parties.
Currently there are 72 states parties to the Agreement. Although the Agreement is open to all states, Ukraine is the only state that has ratified the Agreement but not the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.

</doc>
<doc id="31195023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195023" title="1984–85 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1984–85 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1984–85 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illiniois.
Regular season.
The Illini started out the 1984-85 season ranked No. 1 nationally by Basketball Times in its preseason poll. Illinois made a return trip to the NCAA Tournament where the Illini advanced to the Sweet 16.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31195027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195027" title="The Marvelettes (album)">
The Marvelettes (album)

The Marvelettes a.k.a. "The Pink Album" is a 1967 album by American vocal group The Marvelettes, also their seventh LP.
Overview.
Recording began in 1966. Smokey Robinson handled much of the production. There is also production from James Dean and William Weatherspoon who would provide material for the The Marvelettes' next album. Producers felt that the group needed to offer a sound more mature and developed that contrasted their previous recordings. This album contains only two singles: "The Hunter Gets Captured by the Game" (#13 US, # 2 R&B) which was written and produced by Robinson, and its follow-up, a remake of "When You're Young and in Love" (#23 US, #9 R&B, #13 UK) which was the group's only single to reach UK charts. "The Marvelettes" stopped at #129 US and was more successful on the R&B chart, at #13.
Track listing.
"Superscript denotes lead singer: (a) Wanda Young; (b) Gladys Horton"

</doc>
<doc id="31195037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195037" title="Geof Courtenay">
Geof Courtenay

Geofry William List Courtenay (16 December 1921 – 17 October 1980) played first-class cricket for Somerset in four matches in the 1947 season. In 1953 he played a single first-class match for a Minor Counties representative side, and between 1955 and 1957 he played for Scotland in three first-class matches. He was born at Castle Cary in Somerset and died at Edinburgh, Scotland. His older brother Peter also played for Somerset.
Courtenay was educated at Sherborne School. As a cricketer, he was a right-handed middle-order batsman. He appeared for Somerset Colts in both 1938 and 1939 and then played one game for Somerset's second eleven in 1939 as an opening batsman. In 1947, he played four times for Somerset's first team, scoring 34 against Sussex in his first first-class innings. He was not successful in his other matches, however, and did not appear for the county again. 
From 1952, he played Minor Counties cricket for Dorset regularly for six seasons, and in 1953 made a further first-class appearance for the combined Minor Counties side against the Australians, a very heavy defeat in which the Minor Counties totalled only 118 runs in their two innings combined. As a schoolmaster in Edinburgh, Courtenay also appeared in matches for the Scotland team, three of which were rated as first-class games: in the game against Derbyshire in 1955, he scored 69 in the first innings, and this was the highest score of his first-class career.
At his death in 1980 Courtenay was described as a "schoolmaster".

</doc>
<doc id="31195042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195042" title="Zwierzyniecki Bridge">
Zwierzyniecki Bridge

Zwierzyniecki Bridge is located in the eastern part of the Wrocław, Poland. The bridge spans the Oder River and is in the immediate vicinity of Wrocław Zoo and the exhibition grounds about Centennial Hall.
The bridge was built around 1655 and was originally wooden.
Between 1895 and 1897, Karl Klimm designed a new bridge under the supervision of the city architect, Richard Plüddemann and with the help of engineer A. Fruhwirth. The new truss bridge is a single-span steel structure, supported by granite abutments and consists of two parallel-braced rib steel arches placed 12.5 metres apart.
The characteristic features of the bridge are four decorative Art Nouveau obelisks made of red sandstone. The bridge is also illuminated at night by bespoke period street lamps.
During the siege of Festung Breslau in 1945, German soldiers, who wanted to prevent an expected attack from the east of the city, prepared to blow the bridge up by planting explosives. The Red Army troops, however, launched an assault from the South, saving Zwierzyniecki bridge from being destroyed
A marina (Przystań Zwierzyniecka), from which tourist excursion boats launch, is located only a stone's throw from Zwierzyniecki bridge and Wroclaw Zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="31195050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195050" title="Standing There">
Standing There

"Standing There" is a song recorded by English band The Creatures (aka singer Siouxsie Sioux and drummer Budgie). It was co-produced by Mike Hedges.
It was the lead single of "Boomerang", the second album by The Creatures. "Melody Maker" wrote: 
The lyrics are about a strong issue. Budgie commented: "It's about the direct contact you get on the street, it's not just verbal abuse anymore. You see them up ahead and wonder, 'Should I cross over the road or turn around and go back?' They're making you think about regular things, you're walking round with your guard up all the time. You'll always get it if you look a bit different, they go 'Are you a boy or a girl, darling?' I used to get beaten up and pushed through shop windows in Liverpool in 1977, and nothing's changed."
The first B-side "Divided" was not included on the album. However, additional B-side "Solar Choir" was added on the CD release.

</doc>
<doc id="31195085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195085" title="Friedrich von Hermann">
Friedrich von Hermann

Friedrich Benedict Wilhelm von Hermann (1795–1868) was a German economist and statistician.
Biography.
Friedrich von Hermann was born on the 5th of December 1795, at Dinkelsbühl in Bavaria. After finishing his primary education he was for some time employed in a draughtsman's office. He then resumed his studies, partly at the gymnasium in his native town, partly at the universities of Erlangen and Würzburg. In 1817 he began working for a private school at Nuremberg, where he remained for four years. After filling an appointment as teacher of mathematics at the gymnasium of Erlangen, he became in 1823 "Privatdozent" at the university in that town. His inaugural dissertation was on the notions of political economy among the Romans ("Dissertatio exhibens sententias Romanorum ad oeconomiam politicam pertinentes", Erlangen, 1823). He afterwards acted as professor of mathematics at the gymnasium and polytechnic school in Nuremberg, where he continued till 1827. During his stay there he published an elementary treatise on arithmetic and algebra ("Lehrbuch der Arith. u. Algeb.", 1826), and made a journey to France to inspect the organization and conduct of technical schools in that country. The results of his investigation were published in 1826 and 1828 ("Über technische Unterrichts-Anstalten").
Soon after his return from France, he was made "professor extraordinarius" of political science of the university of Munich, and in 1833 he was advanced to the rank of ordinary professor. In 1832 appeared the first edition of his great work on political economy, "Staatswirthschaftliche Untersuchungen" (“Investigations in Political Economy”). In 1835 he was made member of the Royal Bavarian Academy of Sciences. From the year 1836 he acted as inspector of technical instruction in Bavaria, and made frequent journeys to Berlin and Paris in order to study the methods there pursued. In the state service of Bavaria, to which he devoted himself, he rose rapidly. In 1837 he was placed on the council for superintendence of church and school work; in 1839 he was entrusted with the direction of the bureau of statistics; in 1845 he was one of the councillors for the interior.
In 1848 he sat as member for Munich in the national assembly at Frankfort. In this assembly Hermann, with Johann Heckscher and others, was mainly instrumental in organizing the so-called "Great German" party, and was selected as one of the representatives of their views at Vienna. Warmly supporting the customs union (Zollverein), he acted in 1851 as one of its commissioners at the great industrial exhibition at London, and published an elaborate report on the woollen goods. Three years later he was president of the committee of judges at the similar exhibition at Munich, and the report of its proceedings was drawn up by him. In 1855 he became councillor of state, the highest honour in the service.
From 1835 to 1847 he contributed a long series of reviews, mainly of works on economical subjects, to the "Münchener gelehrte Anzeigen" and also wrote for Rau's "Archiv der politischen Ökonomie" and the "Augsburger allgemeine Zeitung". As head of the bureau of statistics he published a series of valuable annual reports ("Beiträge zur Statistik des Königreichs Bayern", Hefte 1-17, 1850–1867). In later years, this work was regarded as distinguishing him as a pioneer in the field of statistics. He was engaged at the time of his death, on the 23rd of November 1868, upon a second edition of his "Staatswirthschaftliche Untersuchungen", which was published in 1870.
"Staatswirthschaftliche Untersuchungen".
The "Staatswirthschaftliche Untersuchungen" (“Investigations in Political Economy”; 1832, 2nd ed. 1870), although not a systematic treatise on political economy, has been regarded by some as the most important contribution to political economy since the "Wealth of Nations" in many aspects. It cannot, indeed, be said to contain principles which are in themselves novel or original; Hermann's merits are not so much those of a discoverer as of a most acute and subtle critic. Like David Ricardo he excels in abstract analysis, in resolution of complex phenomena into their simpler elements, but he has a more firm hold than Ricardo ever seems to have possessed of the true nature of these elementary facts, and a remarkable power of precisely stating and comprehensively combining them. The peculiar value of the "Untersuchungen" consists in the strict analysis to which the primary notions of economics are subjected, in the general conception of the method and plan of the science which emerges from this analysis, and in the way in which fundamental principles are carried out in the detailed problems of the science.
Some thought Hermann's approach allowed the clear rendering of the position of a pure theory of economic facts as an indispensable and independent branch of social science, as opposed to the historic method of inquiry, which was seen as fatal to much that was regarded as distinctive of the abstract or English school of political economy. Hermann's approach, and that of the writers of continental Europe who followed him, was thus seen as harmonizing perfectly with the theory of the elementary facts from which economical development takes its start.
At the time of his death, Hermann had recast, enlarged, and amended nearly two-thirds of the second edition of the "Untersuchungen". What was finally published by his friends Dr. Helferich and Dr. Mayr also included those parts of the first edition which had not been revised or superseded. There were later several reprints.
The second edition of the "Untersuchungen" consists of ten separate essays, of which the first, on the fundamental notions of economics (“Grundlegung,” pp. 1-77), the fifth (pp. 143-389, on “Production”), the sixth (pp. 390-459, on “Price”), the eighth (pp. 448-531, on “Profit”), and the ninth (pp. 582-598,on “Revenue”) are of the greatest importance. In the “Grundlegung,” a clear and lucid description is given of the simple phenomena, in family, community, and state, upon which the investications are founded. Human wants and the satisfaction to be obtained for them by labour exercised on natural agents are recognized as the primitive facts. But in the satisfaction of wants there are two aspects, the technical and the economical. Technically we consider solely the process by which commodities of a quality suited to satisfy want are obtained. Economically we have always to estimate the ratio between the effort expended and the result obtained. An “economy” is a distribution of forces so that the result, satisfaction, may be obtained with least expenditure of effort, with least loss of utility. The influence of this economical principle, the institutions to which it gives rise, the conditions under which it is possible, and the circumstances which affect, modify, or counteract it, are traced with reference to the individual, the family, the community, and the state or nation. The increasing complexity of the phenomena does not alter the nature of the principle which lies at the basis of them, and it is the business of economic theory to analyse these phenomena under guidance of the general principle. Economics is therefore defined by Hermann as the “quantitative theory of goods;” and, though he is sparing in the use of symbols, his method of treatment is throughout mathematical. Deserving of attention is the manner in which he points out the influence of collective feeling and collective wants as giving rise to special institutions (government, defence) in the community. To this first fundamental essay the three succeeding papers (“Wants,” “Goods,” “Economy,” pp. 78-142) are appendices. The treatment of these, the classifications given, the detailed discussion of particular points, e.g., the productivity of labour, and the distinction drawn between economical estimates from the individual or the collective point of view, make up a solid contribution to the science.
The fifth essay is an elaborate treatise on the theory of production, treating the agents of production free goods, labour, and capital separately, then the interests of the several parties engaged, and the changes due to variations in the cost of producing. Under “Labour” is given the most complete and systematic discussion of separation of employments. Capital is defined so as to include land, but careful reference is made to the distinctive peculiarities of this form of wealth. Especially remarkable is Hermann's treatment of what he calls "Nutz-capital" (“service capital”), with regard to which he accepts almost entirely the view of J. B. Say. Under fixed capital a very elaborate treatment of the nature and economic influence of machines is given, while the handling of changes in the cost of production, both here and in the essay on “Profit,” is acute and luminous.
The sixth essay analyses the forces which underlie supply and demand. These are stated to be: 
(a) on the side of the purchaser :
(b) on the side of the seller :
The same considerations are shown to hold good in the case of the price of labour, though unfortunately the seventh essay, on “Wages,” is incomplete. The eighth essay, on “Profit,” discusses very elaborately the rate of return on the various species of capital and the circumstances that determine it, distinguishes interest from profit in general, and marks as a special form the “profit of the entrepreneur” (). This last he regards as distinct from wages of superintendence, and from insurance for risk. The ninth and tenth essays, on “Revenue” and “Consumption,” are perhaps specially interesting from the clear mode in which the theory, afterwards called that of the wages fund, is rejected, and from the precision with which the diverse points of view for estimating net revenue are discriminated.
This brief analysis characterizes Hermann's work in pure economics. On practical questions, those of economic legislation, his opinions are only to be gathered with difficulty from the papers in the "Gelehrte Anzeigen", and generally were expressed with such reference to special circumstances as to render doubtful their full import. It seems probable, however, that his views on protection were far from clear, and that he was somewhat under the sway of the principle that the best financial policy is encouragement of national industry.
Appreciation.
Hermann's rare technological knowledge gave him a great advantage in dealing with some economic questions. He reviewed the principal fundamental ideas of the science with great thoroughness and acuteness. "His strength," says Roscher, "lies in his clear, sharp, exhaustive distinction between the several elements of a complex conception, or the several steps comprehended in a complex act." For keen analytical power his German brethren compare him with Ricardo. But he avoids several one-sided views of the English economist. Thus he places public spirit beside egoism as an economic motor, regards price as not measured by labour only but as a product of several factors, and habitually contemplates the consumption of the labourer, not as a part of the cost of production to the capitalist, but as the main practical end of economics.

</doc>
<doc id="31195095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195095" title="Chinese cooking techniques">
Chinese cooking techniques

Chinese cooking techniques (中餐烹調法) are a set of methods and techniques traditionally used in Chinese cuisine. The cooking techniques can either be grouped into ones that use a single cooking method or a combination of wet and dry cooking methods.
Single.
Many cooking techniques involve a singular type of heated cooking or action. 
Wet.
Wet-heat, immersion-based cooking methods are the predominate class of cooking techniques in Chinese cuisine and are usually referred to as "zhǔ" (煮). In fact the term (zhǔ, 煮) is commonly used to denote cooking in general.
Quick.
Fast wet-heat based cooking methods include:
Prolonged.
Prolonged wet-heat based cooking methods include:
Dry.
Air-based.
Food preparation in hot dry vessels such as an oven or a heated empty wok include:
Oil-based.
Oil-based cooking methods are one of the most common in Chinese cuisine and include:
Without heat.
Food preparation techniques not involving the heating of ingredients include:
Combination.
Several techniques in Chinese involve more than one stage of cooking and have their own terms to describe the process. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="31195102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195102" title="Anime Best">
Anime Best

ANIME BEST is a compilation of FLOW assembling all the singles released in anime. Includes the remix track "1/3 no Junjo na Kanjo" sung by anime song DJ unit, 2 ANIMEny DJ'S and a new song.

</doc>
<doc id="31195105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195105" title="List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Netherlands)">
List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Netherlands)

This is a list of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Netherlands). Over the years, the channel has shown many programs and movies. Some programs were also shown on Yorin, which used to have a Cartoon Network block.
Premiere dates are given in brackets. This list is not complete: many premiere dates between 1997 and 2001 are missing.
Since 12 July 1997, every show has been broadcast in Dutch or with Dutch subtitles. However, there were 3 exceptions: Atomic Betty, Skunk Fu! and Cartoon Network Dance Club (South-African version). Both Atomic Betty and Skunk Fu! did air in Dutch on Jetix/Disney XD. Atomic Betty also aired on VT4 in Dutch and Skunk Fu! in English with subtitles on 2BE (TV channel).
The following cartoons also aired on the Dutch Cartoon Network, but their premiere dates are unknown. (Somewhere between 1997 and 2001)

</doc>
<doc id="31195154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195154" title="Cubalaskeya cubana">
Cubalaskeya cubana

Cubalaskeya cubana is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Rolán and Fernández-Garcés, in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31195158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195158" title="Frente Único de Lucha Campesina">
Frente Único de Lucha Campesina

Frente Único de Lucha Campesina (FULC) was a coalition of popular movements in Ecuador, formed to campaign for the abolishment of Ley de Fomento Agropecuario and Ley de Seguridad Nacional, as well as demanding effective implementation of land reform. FULC consisted of FENOC, FEI and ECUARUNARI. FULC was founded on April 8, 1978 at a joint congress of the three organizations in Columbe.
FULC also demanded punishment of the culprits of killings of agricultural workers. Prior to the launching of FULC, in 1977, military forces had massacred agricultural workers at the Azatra sugar cane estate in the Cuenca.
In October 1980 the movement organized a National Peasant-Indigenous March, condemning the agricultural policies of the regime.
FULC later took the name Frente Único de Lucha Campesina e Indígena (FULCI).

</doc>
<doc id="31195189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195189" title="Cubalaskeya machoi">
Cubalaskeya machoi

Cubalaskeya machoi is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Espinosa, Ortea and Moro, in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31195194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195194" title="Fury Eyes">
Fury Eyes

"Fury Eyes" is a song recorded by English band The Creatures (aka singer Siouxsie Sioux and drummer Budgie). The song was co-produced by Mike Hedges, and remixed by Pascal Gabriel to be issued as the second single of the critically acclaimed "Boomerang" album.
The single was released prior to the first-ever European tour by the duo.
The cover and artwork were created by Anton Corbijn and Area. The photo sessions took place in Andalucia, Spain in May 1989. It was the first time Corbijn chose to portray artists in color; his previous works were only in black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="31195221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195221" title="Sepaktakraw at the 1990 Asian Games">
Sepaktakraw at the 1990 Asian Games

Sepaktakraw was contested at the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing, China by men, with all games taking place at Fengtai Sports Center.

</doc>
<doc id="31195248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195248" title="Dizoniopsis abylensis">
Dizoniopsis abylensis

Dizoniopsis abylensis is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from the Strait of Gibraltar. It was described by Bouchet, Gofas and Warén, in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31195269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195269" title="Dizoniopsis apexclarus">
Dizoniopsis apexclarus

Dizoniopsis apexclarus is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Rolán, in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31195280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195280" title="Dizoniopsis aspicienda">
Dizoniopsis aspicienda

Dizoniopsis aspicienda is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from the Strait of Gibraltar. It was described by Bouchet, Gofas and Warén, in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31195295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195295" title="Christian Christensen Kollerud">
Christian Christensen Kollerud

Christian Christensen Kollerud (1767–1833) was a Norwegian farmer and politician. He was born in Høland. He represented Akershus at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Peder Anker and Christian Magnus Falsen.

</doc>
<doc id="31195323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195323" title="Dizoniopsis concatenata">
Dizoniopsis concatenata

Dizoniopsis concatenata is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Conti in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="31195360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195360" title="Dizoniopsis coppolae">
Dizoniopsis coppolae

Dizoniopsis coppolae is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from European waters, including the Greek Exclusive Economic Zone, Portuguese Exclusive Economic Zone, South West Coast of Apulia,
and the Spanish Exclusive Economic Zone. It was described by Aradas, 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="31195370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195370" title="2001–02 UEFA Champions League group stage">
2001–02 UEFA Champions League group stage

The group stage of the 2001–02 UEFA Champions League was the first stage of the competition proper, following the qualifying phase. 16 winners from the third qualifying round, 10 champions from countries ranked 1–10, and six second-placed teams from countries ranked 1–6 were drawn into eight groups of four teams each. Play began on 11 September 2001 and ended on 31 October 2001, when the top two teams in each group advanced to the second group stage, and the third-placed team in each group dropped down to the Third Round of the 2001–02 UEFA Cup.
Group G.
"The game was rescheduled from the original date of 12 September due to September 11 attacks."

</doc>
<doc id="31195382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195382" title="Paul Derenne">
Paul Derenne

Paul Derenne (born René Bouvier) (1907, Rennes – 18 April 1988, Bec-Hellouin) was a French tenor whose eclectic repertoire allowed him a successful career on stage and on the concert platform.
Life and career.
Derenne undertook studies in architecture while also pursuing vocal studies with Marguerite Babaïan. She recommended him to Reynaldo Hahn (who suggested his stage name based on his home town). After taking part in a competition in 1935 organised by the magazine "Comœdia", he made his debut under Charles Munch in the French premiere of "Hin und Zurück" by Hindemith. Hugues Cuénod, who also took part, introduced him to Nadia Boulanger from which he took part in the historic recording of Monteverdi madrigals, which won the Grand Prix du Disque for 1937. 
Derenne made his debut at the Paris Opéra Comique in 1937 in the French premieres of "Le testament de la tante Caroline" by Albert Roussel (Noel) and of "Ariadne auf Naxos" by Richard Strauss (Brighella) alongside de Germaine Lubin and Janine Micheau, both operas conducted by Roger Désormière. 
Called up in 1940 and captured by the Germans, he was imprisoned at Longvic, near Dijon. Freed after a few months, Derenne joined the company of the Palais de Chaillot, singing many leading lyric roles of the opéra comique repertoire, such as "Fortunio", George Brown in "La dame blanche", Almaviva in "Il Barbiere di Siviglia" (in French) and Gérald in "Lakmé". He also sang in the first performance of surviving fragments of Chabrier's "Vaucochard et Fils 1er" on 22 April 1941 at the Salle du Conservatoire.
During the Occupation he came to know Henri Sauguet, and sang in the premiere of "La Gageure imprévue" (Détieulette) at the Opéra Comique in 1944, also premiering the song cycle 'Les Pénitents en maillot rose', (poems by Max Jacob). Sauguet introduced Derenne to other members of Groupe des Six and also recorded "Socrate" with him in 1954. He premiered many mélodies of Jacques Leguerney, including "Poèmes de la Pléiade, 1er Recueil.
After the war Derenne appeared in Great Britain, at the Edinburgh Festival, in Germany, Netherlands, Portugal and Italy, where he appeared at Fenice in Venice and La Scala in Milan in "L'heure espagnole" and "L'Enfant et les sortilèges", which he recorded under Ernest Ansermet in 1953. With Henri Sauguet he participated in many radio concerts exploring the repertoire of the French mélodie.
After retiring from singing he taught for many years. His wife wrote a book of memoirs: Jacqueline Paul Derenne, "Une vie en duo", Rouen, Éditions Médianes, 1992.
References.
"This article contains material adapted from the French Wikipedia page."

</doc>
<doc id="31195384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195384" title="Dizoniopsis gothica">
Dizoniopsis gothica

Dizoniopsis gothica is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31195398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195398" title="Michael Greenberg (soccer)">
Michael Greenberg (soccer)

Michael Greenberg (; born 16 August 1990) is an American-Israeli professional association football player currently contracted to Ironi Kfar Yona.
Biography.
Early life.
Michael Greenberg attended Milken Community High School, before emigrating to Israel from Encino, Los Angeles. Greenberg's father, Avery, is a fervent Zionist and had the family make aliyah due to Zionist aspirations. The family settled in Ra'anana while Avery Greenberg's connections with Avi Luzon landed Michael Greenberg in the youth system of Maccabi Petah Tikva.
Beitar/Shimshon Tel Aviv.
On 26 July 2010, Greenberg signed a one year loan agreement with Beitar/Shimshon Tel Aviv.

</doc>
<doc id="31195417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195417" title="Bjørn Elvenes">
Bjørn Elvenes

Bjørn Elvenes (12 June 1944 – 19 August 1988) was a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, where he placed tenth with the Norwegian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31195432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195432" title="Erik Fjeldstad">
Erik Fjeldstad

Erik Fjeldstad (born 1944) is a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, where he placed tenth with the Norwegian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31195460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195460" title="Pinelands Center at Mount Misery">
Pinelands Center at Mount Misery

The Pinelands Center at Mount Misery (more commonly known as Mount Misery) is a Methodist retreat center and campground in Browns Mills, New Jersey in the United States.
The center is located on 150 acres of Brendan T. Byrne State Forest, within the New Jersey Pine Barrens on a narrow dirt road known as "Mount Misery Road", near Route 70. Mount Misery Brook flows through this area.
Educational aspect.
Some school districts in New Jersey (including Harrison Township School District and Quinton Township School District) provide field trips for students to visit Mount Misery for about one week. The Cherry Hill School District offers a program known as the Cherry Hill Environment Residency Program, which is a comprehensive on-site ecological experience for students in sixth grade. While at Mt. Misery, students learn about the conditions that influence their environment and the development of living organisms. At the same time, they experience camping and spending the night in their assigned cabins. The program does not involve any religious content.

</doc>
<doc id="31195464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195464" title="Fort Allen (Puerto Rico)">
Fort Allen (Puerto Rico)

Fort Allen, officially Fort Allen Training Center, is a Puerto Rico National Guard military base located on a 921-acre plot of land in Juana Díaz, Puerto Rico.
Current use.
Since 1980, Fort Allen has no Active Duty military personnel assigned on post, but there are Active Guard Reserve personnel permanently at Fort Allen. Its mission is educational in scope and that of providing support to the Puerto Rico Army National Guard and the U.S. Army Reserve units stationed in southern Puerto Rico. The facilities at Fort Allen include classrooms, maintenance shops, an amphitheater, swimming pool, gym, recreational area, administrative offices, security office, barracks to house military personnel, chapel, dining facilities and a barber shop. There is not a Commissary at Fort Allen but NGX operates a PX on base for authorized patrons.
Armed Forces Reserve Center.
On March 4, 2011 a Armed Forces Reserve Center (AFRC) was inaugurated at Fort Allen to relocate the U.S. Army Reserve 8th Multifunctional of the 180th Division and retention office. The Puerto Rico Army National Guard will locate the 201st Regiment Multifunctional Training Brigade to the Fort Allen Armed Forces Reserve Center. A Unheated storage building was also built. It also has a fitness room, locker rooms, weapons simulator, classrooms and private offices and an armory/vault. The Fort Allen Armed Forces Reserve Center can accommodate 150 Guard and Reserve Soldiers on a rotating basis, 126 military personnel per weekend.
This facility was dedicated posthumously to former Adjutant General of the Puerto Rico National Guard PRNG and founder of the Language Center at Fort Allen, Major General Salvador Padilla Escabi.
Officer Candidate School, NCO Academy & Language Center.
The Puerto Rico Army National Guard Officer Candidate School, NCO Academy and the Language Center for the Puerto Rico Army and Air National Guard recruits are located at Fort Allen.
Over-the-horizon radar.
The U.S Navy Relocatable Over the Horizon (ROTHR) receiver site was built in 1997 on government land at Fort Allen as part of a surveillance network which is designed to monitor flights over an area encompassing more than in South America. The (ROTHR) radar consists of 34 antennas and support structure from 71 to tall.
Youth Challenge Program.
The National Guard Youth Challenge Program Community Outreach Youth Program came aboard to Fort Allen in 1999 to intervene and reclaim the lives of 16-18 year old high school dropouts, producing program graduates with the values, life skills, education, and self-discipline necessary to succeed as productive citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="31195492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195492" title="Soul Trombone">
Soul Trombone

Soul Trombone is an album by American jazz trombonist Curtis Fuller featuring performances recorded in 1961 for the Impulse! label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars stating "The solos on this hard bop disc are superb, with Fuller giving his musicians plenty of room, while his own work is first-rate. Three of the six pieces are originals and even if they never caught on, there is no filler present anywhere". 

</doc>
<doc id="31195495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195495" title="Jan Erik Hansen">
Jan Erik Hansen

Jan Erik Hansen (born 1940) is a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, where he placed tenth with the Norwegian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31195500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195500" title="Aviv Azaria">
Aviv Azaria

Aviv Azaria (born November 2, 1991) is an Israeli footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31195521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195521" title="Svein Hansen">
Svein Hansen

Svein Norman Hansen (April 18, 1943 – August 14, 2012) was a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, 1968 and 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31195531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195531" title="Impact of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami on the video game industry">
Impact of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami on the video game industry

The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake had a significant impact on the nation of Japan, including one of its most well-known exports, video games and gaming consoles. The damage to Japan's infrastructure prompted delays in software and hardware releases, and also caused outright cancellations when the subject matter of the software was considered too similar to real-life events. At the same time, the Japanese gaming industry took on relief efforts to assist those most directly affected by the earthquake and subsequent tsunami.
Members of the gaming industry contributed donations to support foundations including several large donations from video game-oriented companies such as Nintendo, Sony, Namco Bandai, Sega Sammy, Capcom, and Tecmo Koei, and have also encouraged donations from individuals. Several online games helped donate money to the relief effort, including "EVE Online" and Zynga's Facebook games. Thirty-six hours after the initial tremor, Zynga has gathered donations adding up to $1.35 million.
Background.
A 9.0-magnitude megathrust earthquake occurred off the coast of Japan on 11 March 2011. The epicenter was off the east coast of the Oshika Peninsula of Tōhoku near Sendai, with the hypocenter at a depth of . The earthquake triggered extremely destructive tsunami waves of up to that struck Japan minutes after the quake, in some cases traveling up to inland, with smaller waves reaching many other countries after several hours. Tsunami warnings were issued and evacuations ordered along Japan's Pacific coast and at least 20 other countries, including the entire Pacific coast of North America and South America.
The Japanese National Police Agency officially confirmed a large number of casualties across seventeen prefectures. The earthquake and tsunami caused extensive and severe damage in Japan, including heavy damage to roads and railways as well as fires in many areas, and a dam collapse. Around 4.4 million households in northeastern Japan were left without electricity and 1.5 million without water. Many electrical generators were taken down, and at least three nuclear reactors suffered explosions due to hydrogen buildup within their outer containment buildings.
Estimates of the Tōhoku earthquake's magnitude make it the most powerful known earthquake to hit Japan, and one of the five most powerful earthquakes in the world overall since modern record-keeping began in 1900. Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said that "in the 65 years after the end of World War II, this is the toughest and the most difficult crisis for Japan." The earthquake moved Honshu east and shifted the Earth on its axis by almost . Early estimates placed insured losses from the earthquake alone at US$14.5 to $34.6 billion. The Bank of Japan offered ¥15 trillion (US$183 billion) to the banking system on 14 March 2011 in an effort to normalize market conditions.
Effects on business.
The disaster resulted in a drop in stocks at the Tokyo Stock Exchange for many video game companies at the Monday close following. Eurogamer's Gamesindustry.biz website reported that Sega Sammy's dropped 13.5 percent, ending up at ¥1530; Tecmo Koei's fell 10.7 percent to ¥626; Konami's fell 9.9 percent to ¥1610; Sony's fell 9.1 percent to ¥2550; Nintendo's fell 7.6 percent to ¥21,280; Namco Bandai's fell 6.4 percent to ¥905; and Square Enix's fell 6.2 percent to ¥1370. "Edge" also reported drops, but lower amounts for Sega Sammy, Nintendo, and Square Enix: 1.3 percent, 1.1 percent, and 4.5 percent, respectively. Capcom's shares fell 14.4 percent, and the company announced closures of ten amusement arcades in the Tōhoku and Kantō regions due to damage. The top 20 titles sold around 568,000 units between 6 and 12 March. In the same time period, the top 10 video game systems sold close to 195,000 units. Anoop Gantayat writing for IGN, however, speculated that most video game sales in Japan stopped when the earthquake occurred. Gamasutra's Tom Cutris noted that most titles on Japan's charts dropped in sales the following week; the top 20 titles sold approximately 275,000 units. He further noted that the top seller, "Dynasty Warriors 7", sold 75 percent fewer copies compared to the previous week, when it debuted at number one.
No employees of Japan's gaming community have been reported as casualties of the quake or the subsequent tsunami. IGN writers noted that most video game companies are a "significant distance" from the earthquake's epicenter. Soon after the disaster struck, rumors began circulating that "Pokémon" series creator Satoshi Tajiri, among other Japanese celebrities, had died in the tsunami; however, this turned out to be false when he tweeted that he was, in fact, alive. Several artists and designers used their online presences on social networking sites to provide information not only on their own situations, but to inform others of the disaster's impact. Hideo Kojima, Masahiro Sakurai, Goichi Suda and Fumito Ueda used their Twitter accounts to pass on information, with Suda encouraging his colleagues to seek shelter. Kojima announced that he would be leaving his offices for power saving reasons. "Ace Attorney" series art director Tatsuro Iwamoto illustrated an image of characters from the series saying "Let's work hard and not be defeated by the earthquake!!". Nintendo's American subsidiary in Redmond, Washington provided updates on the status of the company headquarters and its employees.
Delays and cancellations.
When asked if the Nintendo 3DS' launch in Europe and North America would be affected by the situation, Nintendo gave indication that the former will be unaffected. It elaborated that business operations and future product shipments would be unaffected. Video games analyst Michael Pachter commented that it was difficult to assess how much impact the disaster will have, commenting that a company like Nintendo will not suffer as many set backs in the release of software as other companies have, such as Sony. He noted that if the threat of a nuclear plant meltdown grows stronger, the industry could be placed in much more dire straights. Pachter also noted that while Japanese software delays would not impact the United States market, hardware shortages could. Related hardware manufacturing industries have also indirectly affected video gaming. For example, Japan's manufacturers make up 70% of world's supply of anisotropic conductive films for LCD production, and can, among other devices, affect Nintendo DS panel production. The iPad, which companies began developing games for soon after its release, is expected to be available in short supply due to components that are manufactured in Japan. Apple indefinitely delayed the Japanese release of the second generation iPad. Due to production disruptions, Sony announced that it may decide to limit the initial release of PlayStation Vita to one region by the end of 2011. Investment research company Zachs described the situation as uncertain, adding that if there is a radiation leak at Fukushima's nuclear plants, it could shut down operations all over Japan.
The disaster's effects on Japan has affected a number of planned releases. Jesse Divnich, an analyst for EEDAR, expected video game delays to be the biggest impact of the disaster on the video game industry, asserting this as being due to the inflexibility of development schedules. Kevin Gifford of 1UP.com noted that the country's "strained" distribution networks and the number of consumers focused on the events of the disaster would result in losses should a video game be released. Some games, due to their subject matter being perceived as too similar to the real-life events, have had their releases delayed indefinitely, including Sony Computer Entertainment's '. While it has entered distribution channels in the United Kingdom, Sony announced that they will cease any further shipments and remove marketing material for it. Sega similarly delayed their video game, ', indefinitely. Early in "Ryū ga Gotoku Of the End"s unveiling, it was mistakenly thought to depict an "earthquake or other natural disaster." Irem's upcoming release of "" has been cancelled altogether, with the publisher issuing an apology; the game would have been the fourth in a series of survival action games where players would need to escape a city after the onset of a major disaster, specifically a large earthquake in "Zettai Zetsumei Toshi 4". Pre-release orders reportedly rose after the disaster.
There have been delays of video games that are not related to earthquakes or disasters; Nintendo delayed the release of their Nintendo 3DS video game "Steel Diver" in Japan from its original release date of 17 March, "Major League Baseball 2K11" and "Top Spin 4" were both delayed from their intended release date of April, and "Toaru Kagaku no Railgun" for the PlayStation Portable. The delay of "Steel Diver" is in spite of a statement by Nintendo that it would not postpone the release of any games. Konami delayed their Nintendo DS video game "Powerful Golf", Microsoft delayed the release of ' due to "distribution disruption", Capcom delayed the first download content pack for ' in Japan and Ubisoft similarly delayed download content for "Assassin's Creed Brotherhood" in Japan.
Some companies have taken steps to conserve energy by shutting down servers used for Internet gaming. Square Enix shut down its servers for "Final Fantasy XI" and "Final Fantasy XIV", while Konami suspended the servers for "Metal Gear Online" indefinitely. The two "Final Fantasy" games along with the PlayOnline service accounted for 11 percent of Square Enix's energy consumption the previous month. After implementing other energy consumption efforts to reduce energy usage by over 10 percent, including lighting reduction and ceasing office climate control, the company planned to restart the services on 25 March. Nintendo shut down service for Pokémon Global Link, a feature that was part of the newest additions to the franchise. Due to this shutdown, the release date of the feature for other countries has been delayed. Hitachi, one of Nintendo's suppliers for the manufacture of its Nintendo DS handheld system, has indicated that deliveries of its materials may be delayed, depending on whether its factories are shut down for a period of time. Sony announced that while PlayStation Network services for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable would not be interrupted, users may experience connection problems, and some content updates will be delayed. Sony later urged PSN users to back up their data. Microsoft delayed the launch of some of their Xbox 360's Xbox Live features that they had planned to release in the week following the disaster. In Japan, Sony temporarily closed their call centers, while it and Microsoft both closed their repair centers.
A number of gaming-related events were canceled in the wake of the disaster. These include a number of demos for video games such as "", "Dragon Ball Zenkai Battle Royal", and others. An event planned to be held for the now canceled "Ryū ga Gotoku Of the End" to allow fans to have their copies signed in Hiroshima and Osaka was also canceled. A "Monster Hunter" themed event called ""Monster Hunter" Festa" was also cancelled. Microsoft delayed a tour to advertise its Kinect controller. The video game tournament Evolution vs Godsgarden was concealed over logistic concerns related to the disaster's impact.
Donations and assistance.
Japanese response.
Several Japanese video game publishers donated relief to Japan; this includes Nintendo, which donated 300 million yen; Sony, which donated 300 million yen and 30,000 radios; Sega Sammy, which donated 200 million yen, and Namco Bandai, Capcom, and Tecmo Koei, which donated 100 million each. CyberConnect2 opened its offices and offered aid to 30 people from the general public. Sega promised to donate all proceeds earned from "Football Manager 2011" and its "Sonic the Hedgehog" titles available for iOS platforms for a week, beginning on 15 March 2011. Capcom lowered the price of the iOS version of "Street Fighter IV" from $4.99 to $0.99, donating the proceeds of its sales from that point on to tsunami relief. iOS developer 5pb. slashed the prices of its games from ¥2200 to ¥350 and donating all proceeds to the Red Cross until 31 March. Arc System Works employee Toshimichi Mori commented that he was in talks with his company on making download content to donate some of the proceeds. Nippon Ichi announced that the earnings from the download content release of a character in "Disgaea 4" for ¥100 under the name "Fans of "Disgaea 4"". Square Enix pledged to donate ¥100 million, as well as giving gamers with Square Enix accounts to use points called "Square Enix Crysta" to donate. They also set up a "worldwide employee charity fund". Level-5 donated 10 million yen, as well as pledging to release charity items through its video game "Inazuma Eleven Mobile".
International response.
Online gaming publications have launched relief drives of their own. IGN started up a fundraiser, wherein its staff plays 24 Japanese-made games in 24 hours in an attempt to garner donations of $24,000, while Brian Crecente of Kotaku will host the Japan Earthquake Relief Fundraiser on 24 March 2011 in Denver, Colorado, in which proceeds will go to the Japanese Red Cross Society. "Game Informer"s Meagan Marie put up for auction her "Mario"-themed Nintendo DS autographed by several people with links to Nintendo, including Shigeru Miyamoto, Koji Kondo, Eiji Aonuma, Charles Martinet, and Martin Leung, with the proceeds to go to Japanese relief. Siliconera put up for auction an action figure of the fictional character Cecil from "", signed by "Final Fantasy IV" designer Takashi Tokita. The industry's online auction efforts organized into Play For Japan, which acts as an online hub for auctions of collectible video game paraphernalia.
Non-Japanese video game companies also provided assistance. Mastiff, in addition to a sum of money already donated, pledged to donate $100 for every 100 Facebook likes their page receives, up to $25,000 worth. Shawnimals discounted two video games, "Wee Ninja" and "Wee Devil", to $10, pledging to donate all profits made to the relief fund. "EVE Online" players are able to donate the game's in-game currency, which will be converted into real-world money and given to the Red Cross, and players of select Facebook games by Zynga, such as "FarmVille" and "CityVille", can purchase special in-game items, whose profits would go to helping support the Japanese relief effort. 36 hours in, Zynga has collected approximately $1.35 million. ScrewAttack announced that all profits made from their game, "Texting of the Bread", would go to the American Red Cross. NEXON Corporation announced that all profits made from specific in-game items for sale in their games, such as "MapleStory", will go to the relief effort. American developer and publisher PopCap Games, in partnership with the Red Cross, discounted its entire line of iOS games and pledged to donate all proceeds to relief efforts. Valve Software announced that they will be donating all proceeds from the purchase of certain items purchased in their game "Team Fortress 2". Publisher Aksys Games initiated a charity sales drive where all gross proceeds from sales from their website would be donated to Red Cross, raising $34,162.33. NCsoft pledged to donate ¥500 million (approx €4.5 million/£3.9 million/$6.3 million), which they describe as "one month's earnings". They also pledged to provide "payment support" to quake victims who cannot log in for "extended periods". Riot Games created charity skins for their League of Legends games that people could purchase, with all proceeds being donated to the Red Cross for Earthquake relief.

</doc>
<doc id="31195537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195537" title="Dizoniopsis herberti">
Dizoniopsis herberti

Dizoniopsis herberti is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31195538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195538" title="Bolivian National Congress, 1985–89">
Bolivian National Congress, 1985–89

The Bolivian National Congress 1985–1989 was elected on 14 July 1985.
Chamber of Senators.
AND – Nationalist Democratic Action
FPU – United People's Front
FSB – Bolivian Socialist Falange
MIR – Revolutionary Left Movement
MIR-BL – Movement of the Revolutionary Left-Free Bolivia
MNR – Revolutionary Nationalist Movement
MNRI – Nationalist Revolutionary Movement of the Left
MNRI-Siglo XX – Leftwing Revolutionary Nationalist Movement - 20th Century
MNRV – Revolutionary Nationalist Movement-Vanguard
MRTKL – Revolutionary Liberation Movement Tupaq Katari
PCB – Communist Party of Bolivia
PCML – Communist Party of Bolivia (Marxist–Leninist)
PDC – Christian Democratic Party
PS-1 – Socialist Party-One
UDC – Christian Democratic Union

</doc>
<doc id="31195542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195542" title="Thor-Erik Lundby">
Thor-Erik Lundby

Thor-Erik Lundby (born March 5, 1937) is a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, where he placed tenth with the Norwegian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31195560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195560" title="Dizoniopsis herosae">
Dizoniopsis herosae

Dizoniopsis herosae is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It was described by Jay and Drivas, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31195579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195579" title="TGZ (disambiguation)">
TGZ (disambiguation)

TGZ may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="31195585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195585" title="Horologica anisocorda">
Horologica anisocorda

Horologica anisocorda is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31195607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195607" title="Horologica barrieria">
Horologica barrieria

Horologica barrieria is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Nützel, in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31195612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195612" title="Øystein Mellerud">
Øystein Mellerud

Øystein Mellerud (July 6, 1938 – November 27, 1989) was a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, where he placed tenth with the Norwegian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31195613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195613" title="Katya Wyeth">
Katya Wyeth

Katya Wyeth (b. January 1, 1948) is a German-born model and actress notable for her roles in several classic horror films of the 1960s and '70s. Her name sometimes appears as 'Katya Wyath' or 'Kathja Wyeth'.
Katya Wyeth appeared in the films "Hands of the Ripper" (1971) and "Burke and Hare" (1972). Her best-remembered role is probably as 'Countess Mircalla' in the 'Hammer horror' film "Twins of Evil" (1971), where she appeared alongside Peter Cushing.
Katya Wyeth was the actress seen frolicking with Alex (Malcolm MacDowell) in the 'Ascot fantasy' sequence that closes "A Clockwork Orange" (1971). She also appeared in two first season episodes of Monty Python's Flying Circus.

</doc>
<doc id="31195623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195623" title="Horologica bicolor">
Horologica bicolor

Horologica bicolor is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Laseron, in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31195634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195634" title="Josutu League">
Josutu League

The Josutu League (, ) was the southernmost league of Inner Mongolia during Qing rule. It occupied land that forms part of the modern-day Chinese provinces of Liaoning, Hebei, and Chifeng in China's Inner Mongolia.
The name of Josutu was named after a place in the Tümed Right Banner, where Mongol princes regularly gathered together to administer inter-banner affairs.
Divisions.
The Josutu League consisted of two ayimag or five banners.
In addition, the Khalkha Banner (Tangghud-Khaklha Banner) was split from the Tümed Left Banner in 1913 under the Republic of China.
Dissolution.
The league was dissolved and its territory was distributed among the modern administrative regions:
There remain two Mongol autonomous counties in Liaoning.

</doc>
<doc id="31195635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195635" title="Horologica cubensis">
Horologica cubensis

Horologica cubensis is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Rolán and Espinosa, in 1992.
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 3.5 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 10 m. Maximum recorded depth is 30 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31195637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195637" title="Kåre Østensen">
Kåre Østensen

Kåre Nordahl Østensen (born December 5, 1943) is a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, 1968 and 1972. 
He played for the club IK Tigrene.

</doc>
<doc id="31195643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195643" title="Stephen D. Sullivan">
Stephen D. Sullivan

Stephen D. Sullivan (born September 5, 1959, in Moline, IL) is an American author, artist, editor, publisher, and radio host. Sullivan is well known in the gaming community for his work with TSR, the publishers of Dungeons and Dragons.
Career.
A fan of the game, as a young man Sullivan entered several Dungeons and Dragons contests.
He took 3rd place in “Draw the Monster” and 2nd in “Dungeon Design”.
Sullivan taught a course in Dungeons and Dragons at MIT. He and teaching partner Marty Sirkin were the first people in the country to teach Dungeons and Dragons at a university.
In 1980, Sullivan interviewed with TSR onsite at Gencon. He was hired by the gaming pioneer
as an editor. He would also work for TSR as a writer and an artist, contributing to hundreds of
projects.
Between 1983 and 1984, approximately 200 people left TSR as a result of mutilple rounds of layoffs; as a result Sullivan joined CEO John Rickets, as well as Mark Acres, Andria Hayday, Gaye Goldsberry O'Keefe, Gali Sanchez, Garry Spiegle, Carl Smith, and Michael Williams in forming the game company Pacesetter on January 23, 1984. Sullivan worked at Pacesetter as the art director.
As a freelance writer, artist and editor, Sullivan went on to work on some of the best known properties in the world, including Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Star Wars, The Simpsons, Middle-earth, Fantastic 4, Speed Racer, Thunderbirds, Dragonlance, Legend of the Five Rings, Iron Man, Darkwing Duck, and Mage Knight. Sullivan is the author of books "The Dying Kingdom", Volume Two of the series, and "Warrior's Heart", the first book in the Goodlund Trilogy.
He has his own publishing imprint, Walkabout Publishing.
Sullivan is also the co-creator and co-host (With Linda Godfrey) of Uncanny Radio, which ran for 42 episodes in 2008-2009.
Bibliography.
Books.
"Legend of the Five Rings" (series)
"Dragonlance" (series)
"Spider Riders" (series)
Short stories (Author).
Original short stories
"Martian Knights & Other Tales" (Anthology of my stories)
"Blue Kingdoms anthologies" (co-editor – co-creator – author)
"Mage Knight" Stories
Jolum the Fish “River Trilogy”
Comics (author).
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures
Speed Racer (both series)
"Dungeons & Dragons" (original comic ads – unpublished series storyline)<br>
"Darkwing Duck"<br>
"Rescue Rangers"<br>
"Goof Troop"<br>
"Scrooge McDuck"<br>
"The Elementals" (editor)<br>
"The Twilight Empire"<br>
"Dinosaur Island"<br>
"Newstralia" (co-creator – writer)
Radio.
"Uncanny Radio" (co-host & co-creator) – 42 episodes

</doc>
<doc id="31195651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195651" title="Horologica glaubrechti">
Horologica glaubrechti

Horologica glaubrechti is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31195666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195666" title="Emma Roldán">
Emma Roldán

Emma Roldán (February 3, 1893 – August 29, 1978) was a Mexican character actress and costume designer. She is remembered as the sharp-tongued, domineering matron of Mexican cinema, and was nominated three times for a Silver Ariel Award.
Acted in some of Fernando de Fuentes most important movies, like "El prisionero trece" and "El compadre Mendoza", both from his Revolution Trilogy, and first Mexican box-office "Allá en el Rancho Grande".
Early life.
A San Luis Potosí native, Roldán was born Emma Roldán Reyna to hotel owners José María Roldán and Virginia Reyna, the second of four siblings. Her parents' hotel was located in front of the "Teatro de la Paz" in San Luis Potosí, where theatrical companies would perform. It is there where she met her husband Pedro Jesús Ojeda with whom she procreated two children, Emma Ojeda Roldán and Pedro Ojeda Roldán. She and her husband moved to Monterrey, but they would tour across the country, a life she disliked. They later divorced and Roldán relocated to her parents' home in Potosí.

</doc>
<doc id="31195667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195667" title="Horologica konops">
Horologica konops

Horologica konops is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31195685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195685" title="Horologica lizardensis">
Horologica lizardensis

Horologica lizardensis is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It was described by Nützel, in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31195689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195689" title="Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy">
Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy

Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy is an American reality television series that airs on History and premiered on February 8, 2011.
Premise.
In the series, Larry the Cable Guy travels America and experiences a variety of different life styles that occur "only in America" - the comedian explores the country, immersing himself in different lifestyles, jobs and hobbies.
Each episode starts with Larry saying the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31195770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195770" title="Now and Forever (1983 film)">
Now and Forever (1983 film)

Now and Forever is a 1983 Australian drama film directed by Adrian Carr and starring Cheryl Ladd, Robert Coleby and Carmen Duncan. A seemingly perfect couple's marriage is destroyed when the husband is accused of rape by another woman. It was based on a novel by Danielle Steel.

</doc>
<doc id="31195771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195771" title="Vassfjell Chapel">
Vassfjell Chapel

Vassfjell Chapel () is a chapel in the municipality of Klæbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located on the northeastern side of the mountain Vassfjellet. There is no road access to the chapel, but there is a hiking path from a parking lot on the Trondheim-Klæbu border.
The church was built in 1974 and was consecrated by the Bishop Tord Godal. The church is a part of the Klæbu parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. 

</doc>
<doc id="31195776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195776" title="Frank Olafsen">
Frank Olafsen

Frank Willy Olafsen (born April 20, 1944) is a former Norwegian football player, bandy player and ice hockey player. With his club Skeid he won the Norwegian Football Cup three times, in 1963, 1965 and 1974, and the league in 1966. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, where he placed tenth with the Norwegian team. 
He played eighteen matches for the national football team, and five matches for the national bandy team.

</doc>
<doc id="31195780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195780" title="Klæbu Church">
Klæbu Church

Klæbu Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Klæbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Klæbu. The octagonal church building was built in 1790 by architect Lars Larsen Forsæth.
The church is a part of the Klæbu parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31195795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195795" title="Kabaddi at the 1994 Asian Games">
Kabaddi at the 1994 Asian Games

Kabaddi was contested by five teams at the 1994 Asian Games in Hiroshima, Japan from October 12 to October 14. India won the gold by a 4-0 record, For India the crunch match was against Pakistan, their first match against Pakistan was abandoned in controversial circumstances when the scores were tied 19-all with more than a minute left for the final whistle. A replay was ordered by the technical committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31195804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195804" title="The Tale of Gamelyn">
The Tale of Gamelyn

The Tale of Gamelyn is a romance written in c. 1350 in a dialect of Middle English, considered part of the Matter of England. It is presented in a style of rhymed couplets and described by Skeat as "the older and longer kind of ballad" and by Ramsey as a "rough and ready romance.""The Tale of Gamelyn" is one of 25 stories within Geoffrey Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales" in which it follows the unfinished "Cook's Tale". This 900 line romance takes place during the reign of King Edward I and tells the story of Gamelyn, and the various obstacles he must overcome in order to retrieve his rightful inheritance from his older brother. The tale confronts the corruption of the law, illuminating a lack of moral and political consistency. There is no indication as to where exactly this story takes place, given that the text itself has no place names, and Gamelyn's family name of Boundys most likely just signifies a type of boundary. 
Though there is no known author, Geoffrey Chaucer had included the character of "Gamelyn" among his papers, with the intention of rewriting it for a suitable character. It is thought to have been possible that he wanted to construct a version of it for use as the "Cook's tale".
"The Tale of Gamelyn" shares similarities with other stories from English literary and folk traditions. It is of particular interest for its similarities with the English ballad of the legendary outlaw Robin Hood. It was also a source for Thomas Lodge’s prose romance "Rosalynde" (1590), on which William Shakespeare based his "As You Like It". The "Tale of Gamelyn" is thought to provide a transition between the mid 14th century and the late 15th century world of early romances and "Robin Hood" ballads .
Plot.
The tale begins with Sir John of Boundys on his death bed. Knowing the end is near, Sir John calls upon wise knights to assist him in dividing his land among his three sons. He specifically mentions to give an equal amount of land to his son Gamelyn, the youngest of the three. However, the knights ignore his wishes and decide to offer all his estate to the two elder sons, excluding Gamelyn on the premise that he is too young. When the knights disclose their decision to Sir John, he is outraged, reiterating that he wants the three sons to have equal inheritance. Yet Sir John dies shortly after, and the eldest son, Johan, proceeds to charm Gamelyn into a new deal: since Gamelyn is a minor, Johan will be in ownership of Gamelyn’s inheritance, and in return Gamelyn will be clothed and fed. As time passes, Gamelyn realizes he’s fallen victim to foolery and that this deal with his brother is unbearably unfair. When Gamelyn confronts Johan about his injustice, A fight breaks out, resulting in a wrestling match between Gamelyn and an unknown competitor. This is Gamelyn’s opportunity to show his worth; for the winner will receive a ram and a ring of gold. 
Gamelyn overcomes this challenge and accepts his winnings. A surprised Johan panics, bolting the castle doors and locking Gamelyn out. Gamelyn proceeds to knock the door down and tell the servants that he has an abundance of wine and will now be in charge of the castle. He enjoys this high rank for eight days, then Johan finally retaliates. He commands the servants to bind Gamelyn in chains and have him stand for two days without any food or drink; Gamelyn grows quite weak and sickly. 
A servant in the house, Adam Spencer, becomes aware of Gamelyn's struggling and decides to help him. He brings him into a private room, feeds him, and assists in devising a plan. He tells Gamelyn that Johan is holding a feast on Sunday and numerous churchmen will be there. He purposes that Gamelyn should stand before them, while still bound in chains, and beg them to release him. 
The day of the feast comes and Gamelyn executes this plan: he cries out dramatically while the churchmen are feasting. However, no one complies with his desperate request to be released. Gamelyn grows angry and violent, ripping off his chains and rushing into the hall in search of a weapon. He grabs a staff and begins viciously attacking the churchmen, beating and battering them significantly. 
Soon, a nearby Sheriff hears news of this disturbance. Since Gamelyn and Adam have broken the king's peace, the Sheriff is determined to arrest them both. To detain Gamelyn and Adam before the arrival of the Sheriff, twenty four men come to collect them. Yet, the two evade the law by escaping into the forest.
While hiding in the woods, the pair encounters a group of outlaws and immediately partake in their devious actions, which consists primarily of robbing churchmen. However, Gamelyn's unlawful activities soon draw attention to himself and he is discovered and arrested. When Otho, Gamelyn's other older brother, hears the news of Gamlyn's arrest and his past altercations with Johan, he attempts to set his younger brother free. First he goes to Johan and beseeches him not to imprison Gamelyn, for he is family. However, Johan obstinately refuses, insisting that Gamelyn must stay imprisoned until there is a trial. Not satisfied with this answer, Otho offers himself as bail, and Johan accepts—on the condition that if Gamelyn fails to show up for court, Otho will be held responsible. Otho agrees, and Gamelyn is subsequently set free after which he and Otho ride to Otho's house. The next morning Gamelyn asks Otho's permission to go into the forest to see how his cronies are doing. Otho says yes, but only if he promises not to stir up any trouble and is back in time for his trial. Gamelyn ventures into the forest, ends up staying there for much longer than anticipated, and slips back into his old ways. 
As time passes, Gamelyn realizes that he has completely forgotten his promise to Otho, and the day of the trial is coming near. So, he gathers his men and they venture to where the trial is being held. Gamelyn presents his case before King Edward, and the king forgives him, in consideration of all the injustices Gamelyn has endured. All of his friends are pardoned as well. As the story comes to a close, Gamelyn is named Otho's heir (since Otho has no son) and the two enjoy new titles appointed by the king. Otho becomes sheriff of the county and Gamelyn chief forester of all the free forests. Gamelyn then marries a beautiful woman and he and his brother live the rest of their lives in peace and happiness.
Characters.
Sir John of Boundys- Father of Gamelyn, Otho and Johan. His death in the beginning of the tale incites conflict of the ownership of his estate.
The Three Knights- The men Sir John of Boundys trusts to divide out his land justly between his three sons. However, they go against his wishes and give land to the two eldest sons, excluding Gamelyn. 
Gamelyn- the youngest son of Sir John of Boundys, the protagonist. The name Gamelyn is held to mean son of the old man, from OE gamol, old man. According to line 356 Gamelyn has been oppressed by his brother for sixteen years before he comes to manhood.
Johan- The oldest son; the antagonist.
Otho- The middle son; helps Gamelyn in his time of need.
Adam Spencer- Servant in the household who helps Gamelyn escape and ventures with him into the forest. 
The Sheriff- The character whom Gamelyn evades for fear of arrest. He serves as the driving force behind why Gamelyn enters the forest and becomes a robber.
King Edward- Pardons Gamelyn and his friends at the end of the tale,allowing Gamelyn and his brother the live out the rest of their lives in peace.
Arguments.
There were various expansions of the "Cook's Tale" which Chaucer never finished-- "The Plowman's Tale", "The Tale of Gamelyn", the "Siege of Thebes", and "The Tale of Beryn". 
It is argued that "The Tale of Gamelyn" was not, in fact, composed by Chaucer. Instead, it is thought to be merely a setup for future works. Though Chaucer wrote "the Canterbury Tales" and "The Tale of Gamelyn" is supposed to be included, it has been officially noted as an anonymous work. 
In addition, "The Tale of Gamelyn" is included in two early manuscript versions of the Tales, British Library, MS Harley 7334 and Oxford, Corpus Christi College, MS 198, both once notorious for being one of the lower-quality early manuscripts in terms of editor error and alteration. It is now widely rejected by scholars as an authentic Chaucerian tale, although some scholars think he may have intended to rewrite the story as a tale for the Yeoman.
Supposedly, Chaucer is not the author of this tale. 
Skeat edited the poem separately in 1884 and included it in an appendix to his "The Complete Works of Geoffrey Chaucer", relying on what he thought was the best manuscript. 
It was almost certainly intended by Geoffrey Chaucer to form the basis of his (unfinished) “Cook’s Tale” in "The Canterbury Tales".
Quotes.
“But may they always prosper, who cause you much grief” (478).
“All who give you security, may evil befall them” (481). This is the reverse of the prior quote.
“For I am as light of foot as you, even if you swore it to the contrary”
“If you brought five with you, you would be twelve” (647). they are foolishly mocking numbers.
“I will venture so I might have food” (661). Adam is being ironic since this is an understatement to the scene.
“Hearken and listen and hold your tongue, And you shall hear talking of Gamelyn the Young”
External links.
Commentary 
A page that explores the "Tale of Gamelyn" separated into sections and explanations.

</doc>
<doc id="31195820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195820" title="Van Heijningen">
Van Heijningen

van Heijningen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31195830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195830" title="Central Medford High School">
Central Medford High School

Central Medford High School (formerly Medford Opportunity High School) is a public alternative high school in Medford, Oregon, United States. In 2010 the school moved from its original location on Earhart Street to its new location on Oakdale Avenue in Medford. It occupies part of the old South Medford High School (which is now located on Cunningham Avenue in Medford).
Academics.
In 2008, 4% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 184 students, 7 graduated, 148 dropped out, and 29 are still in high school.

</doc>
<doc id="31195831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195831" title="Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet">
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet

Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet is a downloadable shooter/exploration/puzzle video game developed by Shadow Planet Productions (Fuelcell Games/Gagne International) and published by Microsoft Studios for Xbox Live Arcade and Games for Windows – Live.
Development.
Development of the game began in 2007 and was first demonstrated in March 2011 at Penny Arcade Expo East. The game is set on an alien planet and includes exploration elements similar to Metroid and Castlevania. "Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet" was released on August 3, 2011. The game features music by Dimmu Borgir during cinematics; the songs "Progenies of the Great Apocalypse" (orchestral version) and "Eradication Instincts Defined" play during the game, while the trailer featured "Blood Hunger Doctrine".
Reception.
Insanely Twisted Shadow planet received generally favorable reviews for both versions of the game (Xbox 360 and PC (Steam), with game databases Metacritic and MobyGames giving the game aggregate review scores of 76/100. 
Websites such as Extra Guy gave the game a rating of "A - Must Play", calling the game "an exploratory shooter that combines the best elements of Solar Jetman and Ecco the Dolphin into an extraterrestrial adventure that forges an identity all its own."
While Game Breakers gave the game a rating of 4.5 out of 5, claiming the game was "like a long forgotten Metroid game" and praising the game's art style, exploration elements, and diversified weapons.
Destructoid gave the game a 6 out of 10 score, noting the game as an "attempt to run in multiple directions at once and make very little ground at all" and concluding: "Sadly, great visuals do not make a great game." 
Several other websites highlighted the game's excellent visuals, amongst IGN, praised the game's beautiful and well-conceived world, criticizing it for being too short, and gave it an 8 out of 10 rating.
Awards.
British Academy Award (BAFTA) for Best Debut Game
Annie Award for Best Animated Game
Navigatr (National Academy of Video Game Testers and Reviewers) for Best Original Light Mix Score
Video Game Award (nomination) for Best Downloadable
Interactive Achievement Award (nomination) for Best Downloadable
Annual Game Music Award (nomination) Outstanding Achievement Licensed Music (Dimmu Borgir)
Multiplayer.
The game has limited multiplayer support. Multiplayer is only supported in Lantern Run and the new Shadow Hunters DLC.

</doc>
<doc id="31195832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195832" title="Klaus Bednarz">
Klaus Bednarz

Klaus Bednarz (born June 6, 1942 in Falkensee, Province of Brandenburg) is a German journalist and writer.
Life.
Bednarz studied Slavic studies, theatre and Eastern Europe history at universities in Hamburg, Wien and Moskow. His dissertation at university was over Russian author Anton Chekhov. Since 1967 Bednarz worked for German television as Correspondent in Poland (1971–1977) and in Soviet Union (1977–1982). Later he was television presenter of German TV-programme "Monitor" on German broadcaster Westdeutscher Rundfunk. During these years Bednarz wrote several books over Eastern Europe countries and over the south of South America.

</doc>
<doc id="31195840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195840" title="Now and Forever (1956 film)">
Now and Forever (1956 film)

Now and Forever is a 1956 British drama film directed by Mario Zampi and starring Janette Scott, Vernon Gray and Kay Walsh. It is based on the play "The Orchard Walls" by R.F. Delderfield. An upper class girl becomes romantically involved with a poor boy, and they elope together to Gretna Green.

</doc>
<doc id="31195848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195848" title="Christian Petersen (ice hockey)">
Christian Petersen (ice hockey)

Hans Christian Engelbreth Petersen (21 December 1937 – 17 September 2009) was a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964 and in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31195851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195851" title="Brave Inca">
Brave Inca

Brave Inca (foaled 20 April 1998) is a retired Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career lasted from March 2002 until April 2009 the ran thirty-five times and won 15 races, ten of them at Grade I level. including the 2006 Champion Hurdle. From 2005 until he was retired, Brava Inca ran sixteen successive Grade I races.
Background.
Brave Inca was bred in Ireland by D W McAuley. His sire was Good Thyne, an American-bred stallion who produced the winners of over 600 jumps races in Britain and Ireland. He was the first foal of his dam, the unraced mare Wigwam Mam. He was sold as foal for 1,600gns at Tattersalls and as a yearling for IR£6,000, eventually becoming the property of the Novices Syndicate. He was trained throughout his career by Colm Murphy in the village of Killenagh, near Gorey, County Wexford.
Early career (2001–2004).
Brave Inca began his career by running unplaced in minor hurdle races at Navan and Wexford in March of the 2001/2002 season. The following season began similarly with down-the-field efforts in minor hurdle events at Fairyhouse and Naas. In these two races he was ridden by Barry Cash, who became his regular jockey for the next three seasons. In March 2003 he was switched to National Hunt flat races, and began to show improvement, winning "bumpers" at Fairyhouse and Navan by wide margins.
Because his early failures, he entered the 2003/2004 season as a novice hurdler and went unbeaten in five starts. After picking up two handicaps before Christmas, he won his first major prize by defeating Newmill in the Grade I Deloitte Novice Hurdle. At Cheltenham he was sent of 7-2 favourite for the Supreme Novices' Hurdle and justified his position with a hard-fought neck victory over the future Cheltenham Gold Cup winner War of Attrition. The win provoked "near-hysterical" celebrations among the large Irish contingent, with Colm Murphy being carried shoulder-high into the winner's enclosure. In his final start of the season in the Evening Herald Champion Novice Hurdle at Punchestown Brave Inca defeated the English-trained Top Novices' Hurdle winner Royal Shakespeare by a short head.
Rise to the Championship (2004–2006).
In the 2004/5 season, Brave Inca proved himself to be a top class hurdler in open competition, despite winning only once from seven starts. On his debut at Dromore in November he narrowly failed to give 10 lbs to Macs Joy, a horse he was to meet many times over the subsequent seasons. Later in the same month he ran second to the mare Solerina in the two-and-a-half-mile Hatton's Grace Hurdle. Two more second places followed in the December Festival Hurdle and the Irish Champion Hurdle with Macs Joy victorious on both occasions.
Brave Inca was obviously useful and consistent but appeared to be just below championship class and was sent off as a 10-1 chance for his first attempt at the Champion Hurdle in March 2005. In an eventful race Brave Inca finished third, beaten two necks by Hardy Eustace who won his second championship, and Harchibald who had seemed certain to win after the final hurdle. As a result of this effort, he was sent off 2-1 favourite for the Aintree Hurdle but fell for the first and only time in his career. A season of near-misses ended as he rallied after being headed close home to defeat Harchibald and Macs Joy in the Punchestown Champion Hurdle, in which he was ridden for the first time by Tony McCoy
Although he was already seven years old at the start of the 2005/6 season, Brave Inca appeared to be reaching his peak, an impression that was confirmed when McCoy rode him to victory in the Morgiana Hurdle, beating Harchibald and Macs Joy again. After another failed attempt at the Hatton's Grace Hurdle, he confirmed his superiority over the best two-mile hurdlers in Ireland with an "easy" and "convincing" victory in the December Festival Hurdle after which he was quoted as 5-1 joint favourite for the Championship. An equally impressive triumph in the Irish Champion Hurdle meant that he was very much seen as the potential champion by the time of the 2006 Cheltenham Festival Sent off 7-4 favourite in a field of 18 he duly landed the odds in the Champion Hurdle, winning by a length from Macs Joy, with Hardy Eustace three lengths back in third. "He's all there," said Murphy after the race, "he's a complete horse now." On his final start of the season he finished second to Macs Joy in the Punchestown Champion Hurdle but had already proven himself to be a dominant champion.
Later career.
Although he never quite recaptured the form of his championship year, Brave Inca remained a force in subsequent seasons. In 2006/7 he won the Hatton's Grace Hurdle at his third attempt and a second December Festival Hurdle, as well as finishing runner-up in the Irish Champion Hurdle. In the Champion Hurdle he defeated most of the leading contenders including Detroit City and Hardy Eustace but finished second, three lengths behind the surprise 16-1 winner Sublimity.
Brave Inca missed the whole of the 2007/8 season with a tendon injury, but returned in 2008/9. Although now well past his best, he managed one last major victory by winning the Irish Champion Hurdle at the age of 11, after which Colm Murphy described him as "unbelievable, one in a million. He's as tough as nails".
Retirement.
Brave Inca was retired from racing after running down the field in the 2009 Champion Hurdle. He has not, however, retired from competition, becoming a successful show-horse. He has also been used to raise funds for the "Playing for Life" charity by taking part in a "Man vs Horse" race at Leopardstown in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31195872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195872" title="Jan Roar Thoresen">
Jan Roar Thoresen

Jan Roar Thoresen (born 1940) is a Norwegian ice hockey player. He played for the club Vålerengens IF and for the Norwegian national ice hockey team. He participated at the Winter Olympics in 1964, where he placed tenth with the Norwegian team.

</doc>
<doc id="31195892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195892" title="Leisenring">
Leisenring


</doc>
<doc id="31195951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31195951" title="Hong Kong Sinfonietta">
Hong Kong Sinfonietta

The Hong Kong Sinfonietta (Chinese: ) is a professional symphony orchestra based in Hong Kong, China. It was established in 1990 by a group of local music graduates. It has always aimed at promoting classical music to the public. The orchestra was reorganized 1999, with Tsung Yeh, an American conductor of Chinese descent, as the new music director. The incumbent conductor and music director, Wing-sie Yip (葉詠詩), joined the Hong Kong Sinfonietta in April 2002, and since then, the orchestra has widened its range of repertoire, hoping to increase the spectrum of classical music admirers. It is financially supported by the HKSAR government.
The Hong Kong Sinfonietta has been invited to several other countries for tours, including the Saint-Riquier Festival in 2001, both the Saint-Riquier Festival and Les Flâneries Musicales d’Été de Reims in 2004, La Folle Journée in Tokyo in 2007, 2009 and 2010, and a tour of South America in 2010. It also participates in local arts festivals such as the Hong Kong Arts Festival.
The Hong Kong Sinfonietta currently uses the Hong Kong City Hall as its performance venue.
Founded in 1990 by a group of local musicians, Hong Kong Sinfonietta has since evolved to become one of Hong Kong’s flagship professional orchestras. Together with renowned conductor Yip Wing-sie as Music Director, the orchestra has brought quality orchestral music closer to the community through innovative programming, as well as achieved significant recognition on local and international stages for its passionate and energetic performances.
Since 1999, Hong Kong Sinfonietta has collaborated with an illustrious array of international musicians and groups, including Vladimir Ashkenazy, Plácido Domingo, Augustin Dumay, Fou Ts’ong, Christopher Hogwood, Luciano Pavarotti, Pinchas Zukerman, The Royal Ballet, Kirov Ballet, Bolshoi Ballet, English National Ballet, New York City Ballet and Stuttgart Ballet. The orchestra has also been a regular participant at all the major festivals in Hong Kong including the Hong Kong Arts Festival, Le French May, Hong Kong International Film Festival and festivals presented by the Hong Kong Government.
The orchestra performs year-round with over 90 performances a year and is the Venue Partner of the Hong Kong City Hall. Its discography includes CDs of works by Chinese composers on HUGO and two double-CD albums This is Classical Music I and II on DECCA, released in 2008 and 2010. Apart from performing standard orchestral repertoire, Hong Kong Sinfonietta commissions new works every year and ventures into crossover concerts with other art forms. As an avid believer of keeping music alive and contemporary, Hong Kong Sinfonietta was also the official orchestra for many years for the local contemporary music festival Musicarama. It also partners regularly with Hong Kong Ballet and Opera Hong Kong in their staged productions.
On the educational front, Hong Kong Sinfonietta has pioneered specially-designed concerts for different age groups. New concepts on the Hong Kong concert stage, HKS for Kids, Short-cut to Classical Music, Know Your Classical Music, and HKS McDull Music Project have provided a new realm in audience development. In 2010, the orchestra launched One-hour Classics – a series of special concerts held at unconventional venues or times, offering a brand new type of concert experience.
On tour, the Hong Kong Sinfonietta has performed at the Saint-Riquier Festival and Les Flâneries Musicales d’Été de Reims in France, Festival Pianistico Internazionale Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli and Settimane Musicali al Teatro Olimpico in Italy, festivals in Lithuania, Shanghai Spring International Music Festival and at the National Philharmonic Hall in Warsaw. Since 2006, the orchestra has become a regular guest at La Folle Journée in Tokyo with returned visits in 2007, 2009 and 2010. In 2010, the orchestra made its début in Beijing at the National Centre for the Performing Arts and became the first symphony orchestra from China to tour the South America (Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay). It also returned to Shanghai to perform at the China Shanghai International Arts Festival (Hong Kong SAR Programme for Expo 2010 Shanghai – Hong Kong Week Closing Programme). 
Official website: www.HKSL.org
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/hongkongsinfonietta

</doc>
<doc id="31196060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196060" title="Nobody Ordered Love">
Nobody Ordered Love

Nobody Ordered Love was a 1972 British horror film directed by Robert Hartford-Davis and starring Ingrid Pitt, Judy Huxtable and Tony Selby. During the shooting of a First World War film entitled "The Somme" a tragic series of events unfolds for the cast and crew. It is considered a lost film and is on the BFI's 75 Most Wanted list.

</doc>
<doc id="31196107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196107" title="Figure skating at the 2001 Goodwill Games">
Figure skating at the 2001 Goodwill Games

Figure skating at the 2001 Goodwill Games took place from 4 September 2001 to 9 September 2001 in Brisbane, Australia at the Brisbane Entertainment Centre. Medals were awarded in men's singles, ladies' singles, and ice dancing.
Men.
Plushenko performed three quadruple jumps in his winning performance. Yagudin crashed into the boards in his short program.
Ladies.
WD = Withdrew

</doc>
