<doc id="31177545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177545" title="Siddharth Roy Kapur">
Siddharth Roy Kapur

Siddharth Roy Kapur (born August 2, 1974) is an Indian business person, film producer and the managing director of Disney India.
Early life and education.
After completing his Bachelors in Commerce from the Sydenham College in Mumbai, he obtained his MBA from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies (JBIMS). 
His father is Punjabi and mother a Jew and former Miss India. He hails from a film background. His mother choreographed dance sequences and his younger brothers Aditya Roy Kapur and Kunaal Roy Kapur are well-known actors.
Career.
Siddharth Roy Kapur has been with UTV since 2005, after an MBA from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute and successful stints at The Procter & Gamble Company and Star TV across India, Dubai and Hong Kong in marketing leadership roles. In his first role with UTV as senior vice president, he headed the Marketing & Communications division across motion pictures, broadcasting, television, animation and corporate. In this role, he led the marketing efforts responsible for taking the homegrown Hungama TV to a leadership position in the competitive kids' broadcasting space, which had been earlier dominated by multinational channels like Cartoon Network, POGO, Disney Channel and Nickelodeon.
Siddharth led the marketing efforts behind the cult classic "Rang De Basanti" and the cult sleeper hit "Khosla Ka Ghosla", both of which started new trends in the way movies are marketed in India. He led the marketing efforts on many successful projects such as "Parineeta", "Taxi 9211" and "Bluffmaster". In his next role, he assumed responsibility for the revenues function at UTV Motion Pictures and was responsible for distribution and syndication worldwide, in addition to his marketing responsibilities.
In January 2008, Siddharth took charge as CEO of Motion Pictures for UTV, responsible for all aspects of creative, development, production, marketing, distribution and syndication. In this role, he has led the studio to great heights, with an unparalleled slate of movies such as "Jodhaa Akbar", "Fashion", "Aamir", "A Wednesday!", "Dev D", "Kaminey", "Raajneeti", "Udaan", "Peepli ", "No One Killed Jessica", "Delhi Belly", "Rowdy Rathore", "Paan Singh Tomar", "Barfi!" and many more. In the time Siddharth has led the Motion Pictures division at UTV, the studio has emerged as one of the top production and distribution houses in the country in revenue and quality of content, with four UTV productions in the last six years selected as India’s nominee to the Academy Awards, numerous awards and accolades including Filmfare Best Film awards and National Awards, and an annual slate of movies that has grown from four to 16 productions a year (12 Hindi and six South productions).
After the integration of UTV into The Walt Disney Company India, Siddharth took on the role of Managing Director for the studio business. "Barfi!" was his first movie as a producer for Disney UTV productions, which was followed up with "Heroine", "ABCD: AnyBody Can Dance", "Kai Po Che!", "Ghanchakkar" and, more recently, "Chennai Express", "Satyagraha", "The Lunchbox" and "Shahid". The list of upcoming releases from the studio include P.K., Jagga Jasoos, Kick, Fitoor, Shaatir, ABCD 2, Khoobsurat, Pizza, 2 States, Highway, Filmistaan and many more.
From 1 January 2014, Siddharth has become the Managing Director of The Walt Disney Company India. He is now responsible for all the businesses & operations of the company in India including Studios, Consumer Products, Media Networks and Interactive.
Personal life.
Siddharth is a two-time divorcé. Siddharth knew his first wife since he was a boy. Siddharth's second wife was a television producer. Siddharth separated from his second wife in 2008, and the divorce came through in the end of 2011. On 14 December 2012, he married Bollywood actress Vidya Balan in a private ceremony in Bandra, Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="31177561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177561" title="B. A. Chidambaranath">
B. A. Chidambaranath

Bhoothapandi Annavi Chidambaranathan was an Nagercoil born Indian film score composer and musician who worked mainly in Malayalam films.
Biography.
Hailing from a family of reputed musicians from Nagercoil, Kanyakumari district, Chidambaranathan took early lessons in mridangam and Carnatic vocal from his father, B. K. Arunachalam Annavi. He also took training for sometime under Muttiah Bhagavathar and used to play mridangam for him at his concerts. He then learnt the violin first under Nagamani Marthanda Nadar and then for seven years under the Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai. Chidmabranathan was noticed by music director C. N. Pandurangan, when he was playing violin at a concert of M. M. Dandapani Desikar.
His film career began in 1948 when he assisited Pandurangan for the Tamil films "Gokuladasi" and "Jnanasoundari". He debuted in Malayalam with "Vellinakshathram", the first film of Udaya Studios. He had also scored a Sinhalese film before his entry into Malayalam. After scoring the film "Sthree" (1950), his third film as a composer, Chidambaranathan took a sabaticcal and did not contribute to film music for 14 years. He joined All India Radio and worked for their musical productions and conducted his own concerts during this time. It was P. Bhaskaran who brought him back to film scoring. It was during this phase, which saw him score the music for 14 films, beginning with "Rajamalli" (1964), that Chidambaranathan made his presence felt. His magnum opus "Murappennu" was released in 1965. Songs like "Karayunno Puzha Chirikkunno" and "Kadavathu Thoniyaduthappol", both from this film, are considered his master pieces. With that film, he established himself as one of the leading composers and went on to score some of the major films and hit songs in the late '60s and '70s. In 1968, he composed music for the film "Viruthan Shanku" the first full length comedy in malayalam cinema directed by P. Venu. He has scored music for more than 30 Malayalam films. Most of his songs were recorded by S. Janaki and K. J. Yesudas. He also holds the credit for introducing playback singer P. Jayachandran (in the film "Kunjali Marakkar"). Most of his songs were penned by P. Bhaskaran. His association with Vayalar, which began in "Kottayam Kolakase" has also spawned numerous hit songs. His last work was "Aramanaveedum Anjoorekkarum" (1996), which he composed along with his son Rajamani. Apart from film songs, he also composed a few devotional songs and krirtis. He had also worked as a music professor in Anna University for a short period. He was honoured with the Kalaimamani award by the Tamil Nadu government. He died on 31 August 2007 in Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="31177563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177563" title="2005–06 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2005–06 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2005–06 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Gonzaga University in the NCAA men's Division I competition.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2006 West Coast Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31177577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177577" title="Synodal Department for Church Charity and Social Ministry">
Synodal Department for Church Charity and Social Ministry

Synodal Department for Church Charity and Social Ministry of Russian Orthodox Church () is one of Synodal Departments of Moscow Patriarchate. It was established by the Decree of His Holiness Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia Alexius II and the Enactment of The Holy Synod in 1991.
Since March 5, 2010 Bishop Panteleimon (Shatov) has become chairman of the Department.
Department's activity directions:
The Department consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="31177625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177625" title="Ministry of Power">
Ministry of Power

The Ministry of Power may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31177667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177667" title="National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign">
National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign

The National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign is a current domestic government propaganda campaign in the United States conducted by the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) within the Executive Office of the President of the United States with the goal to "influence the attitudes of the public and the news media with respect to drug abuse" and of "reducing and preventing drug abuse among young people in the United States".
The Media Campaign cooperates with the Partnership for a Drug-Free America and other government and non-government organizations.
History.
The Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) was originally established by the National Narcotics Leadership Act of 1988, which mandated a national anti-drug propaganda campaign for youth. These activities subsequently funded by the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act of 1998, formally creating the National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign. The Drug-Free Media Campaign Act of 1998 codified the propaganda campaign at .
Effects.
In August 2001, the office told a Congressional committee that its National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign "has been the most visible symbol of the federal government's commitment to drug prevention," and that the office was "investing $7 million a year in performance measurement to determine the effectiveness" of the campaign. The statement said "We believe there is a strong body of evidence that indicates the campaign is working, as planned, to change drug attitudes, intentions and use."
In 2002, according to a multi-year study by the research firm hired by the office, teenagers exposed to federal anti-drug ads were no less likely to use drugs for having viewed them, and some young girls said they were even more likely to give drugs a try. Walters blamed poor ads that weren't resonating with teenagers. Walters promised in Senate testimony in 2002 that he would show results within a year or admit failure, and Congress agreed to extend the campaign through 2003 while cutting funding for the ads from $170 million in 2002 to $150 million in 2003. An entirely new advertising campaign was created.
In February 2005, a research company hired by the office and the National Institute on Drug Abuse reported that the government's ad campaign aimed at dissuading teens from using marijuana, a campaign that cost $1.4 billion between 1998 and 2006, did not work: "greater exposure to the campaign was associated with weaker anti-drug norms and increases in the perceptions that others use marijuana." The research company was paid $42.7 million for the five-year study. After the February 2005 report was received, the office continued the ad campaign, spending $220 million on the anti-marijuana ads in fiscal years 2005 and 2006.
President Bush's goal in this campaign was to reduce youth drug use by 10% over two years, and 25% over 5 years. The National Survey of Parent and Youth (NSPY) was instituted and funded by congress to monitor and assess the NYADMC's effects on youth. Even though the advertisements themselves were only as specific as to address use of marijuana, the NSPY measurements reported alcohol consumption, binge drinking, cigarette use, and use of marijuana/hashish. The assessment consisted of multiple rounds of strategic questioning between years 2000 and 2004 to determine youths exposure to the advertisements, and behavioral patterns in relation to marijuana use. 
94% of youth (ages 12.5-18) reported exposure to at least 1 anti-drug message per month. Those sampled didn't change marijuana usage over the time period measured. Youths claiming to have used marijuana within the past year in 2000 accounted for 17.1% in 2000, and dropped as little as .4% to 16.7% in 2004. However, there was a .4% increase in those claiming to have used marijuana within the past 30 days, rising from 7.8% to 8.2% between 2000 to 2004. There are also evidence of pro-marijuana lagged association effects. The rate of acceleration in use was quicker at among 14-18 year olds than at earlier stages of teenage years.
Not only do data indicate the ineffectiveness of much anti-drug advertising, results also point to behavioral reactions in the opposite direction, or a boomerang effect, where greater exposure to the campaign, resulted to increased use of marijuana. Of those unexposed to ads on a given month, 81% did not intend to use marijuana, That percentage decreased for youth exposed to 1-3 ads per month, to 79% and dropped to 78% among those exposed to more than 4 advertisements per month. Also measured, were attitudes such as 'anti-marijuana attitudes/beliefs' and 'anti-marijuana social norms'. Both of these index's portray declining percentages with increased exposure to ads. Anti-marijuana publicity, may have stimulated the notion that “‘everyone’s doing it,’” therefore heightenening the appeal of using marijuana, as a popular practice.
The ads had an unintended positive impact on perceptions towards marijuana use as they portrayed benefits within the context of using marijuana. This association was strengthened with repeat exposure. Images that lead to such impressions included focusing on the "good-times" people were having while on drugs, happily socializing. These impressions heightened the appeal of marijuana, thus making people more likely to initiate use, or increase use. Youth's beliefs and behaviors were also affected by those of their older siblings. Since older brothers and sisters were more interested in using marijuana after seeing the ads, the campaign had an indirect effect on younger siblings as well.
The NYADMC achieved some of its favorable effects with regard to reaching their message to the parents of youth. Parent's behavior and beliefs indicate greater likeliness to engage children in fun activities, talk about drugs, and responsiveness to the idea of monitoring their children's behavior.
According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), the institution that administered the campaign, the campaign was overall successful. The ONDCP's independent studies indicate that "youth exposed to Above the Influence are more likely to initiate drug use." exposure to the ads. Another similar media initiative, called "Be Under Your Own Influence" ran from 2005 to 2009, which results indicate that it was effective, to a lesser extent than the Above the Influence campaign, which was running concurrently. The plausible explanation for this is that they already had been influenced by the ATI, such that the Be Under Your Own Influence campaign was repeating a message that had already been established. Another study found the impact of the campaign was effective on both high-sensation-seeking and low-sensation-seeking youth.
The campaign launched a result-tracking initiative to comprise the Annual Analysis Report to Congress, as required by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006.
In 2010, the Above the Influence (ATI) message expanded from focusing primarily on marijuana, to other drugs such as methamphetamine.

</doc>
<doc id="31177669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177669" title="Vinji Vrh pri Semiču">
Vinji Vrh pri Semiču

Vinji Vrh pri Semiču (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Vinji Vrh" to "Vinji Vrh pri Semiču" in 1955. In the past the German name was "Weinberg".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to the Holy Trinity and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It dates to the mid-17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31177673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177673" title="Kim Wi-man">
Kim Wi-man

Kim Wi-Man (born June 23, 1979) is a former North Korean football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31177717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177717" title="Hathigahan">
Hathigahan

Hathigahan is a village situated in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. The village is about 17 km from the district headquarters on Allahabad-Lucknow connectivity. Hathigahan comes under the Soraon tahsil and the Kaurihar block. Hathigahan has a population of about 50,000.
Occupation.
The most prevailing and prevalent industry in Hathigahan is farming. The Farming industry in Hathigahan employs most of the people in town; predominantly vegetables are grown in Hathigahan. As the village is situated in the flood plain of Ganga, it is quite fertile. Due to excess of vegetable production in the village many market has emerged in and around the village. Because of this the farming is more of commercial in nature.
Main Spots.
Chauraha.
Hathigahan chauraha is the place at which roads from Rampur and Muhammadpur meets Lucknow-Allahabad main road.This is the main market in the whole village.
Shiv Mandir.
Shiv mandir is like the central hall of village where most of the gathering of village takes place. Also Panchayat Bhavan is situated near this at which panchayat releted work performed. Co-operative society is also near this.

</doc>
<doc id="31177769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177769" title="Claremont railway station">
Claremont railway station

Claremont railway station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31177771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177771" title="Panteleimon Shatov">
Panteleimon Shatov

Bishop Panteleimon (secular name Arkadiy Viktorovich Shatov, ; 18 September 1950, Moscow) is the Russian Orthodox Bishop of Orekhovo-Zuyevo and chairman of the Synodal Department for Church Charity and Social Ministry, Russian Orthodox Church.
On August 21, 2010 to March 22, 2011, he served as Bishop of Orekhovo-Zuyevo, vicar of the Moscow diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="31177775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177775" title="Line-oriented programming language">
Line-oriented programming language

A line oriented programming language interprets the end of line is considered to be the end of an instruction or statement.
Some line oriented languages may support the use of a line continuation character, such as a backslash or tilde symbol.
Examples.
The following languages are line oriented:
Non-line-oriented languages.
Non line oriented programming languages utilize a logical statement end, or an end of statement marker, such as a semicolon or dot symbol to mark the line end.
Examples.
The following languages are non-line-oriented:

</doc>
<doc id="31177783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177783" title="Matzo Shortage of 2008">
Matzo Shortage of 2008

The Matzo shortage of 2008 was a large scale crisis that struck the United States of America between the months of March and April. Though the numbers have never been officially gathered, its said that the catastrophe left thousands Jews Matzo-less for the celebration of the widely popular Jewish holiday of Passover.
Causes.
A number of ideas have been brought up to explain the shortage. Some blame depressed production, while others point the finger at local grocers claiming that they did not correctly plan for an uprise in Jewish observance of the holiday. Another theory is the loss of outlets carrying the product may have affected the communities more than was foreseen. Trader Joe's chose not to carry the product for the year of 2008, citing a re-evaluation as their reasoning. Costco pulled the product for the year of 2008 as well “It’s not a huge item for us, said a Costco spokesman, Bob Nelson. Extremists hold Trader Joes and Cost-co as the responsible parties because of the upset market.
Impact.
A number of chain grocery stores were reported to have run dry including Safeway, Whole Foods, Lunardi's, Lucky and Mollie Stone. Even specialty Jewish food stores were said to have been all tapped out. Local Jewish organizations were outraged by the incident. The Jewish Community Center of San Francisco said "It appears there's been a huge disconnect between the Bay Area grocery community and the Bay Area Jewish community in terms of supply and demand." "I've spoken to a lot of folks who are kind of at their wits' end," Grocery madness ensued in the days following Passover night. As one Jewish woman tells her account “I ran with my hands in the air, pumping the box in my hand saying, ‘I got the last box of matzo!’ ”
References.
http://articles.sfgate.com/2008-04-22/bay-area/17146112_1_matzo-trader-joe-grocery-stores

</doc>
<doc id="31177788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177788" title="Albert T. W. Simeons">
Albert T. W. Simeons

Dr. Albert Theodore William Simeons (1900, London - 1970, Rome) was the leading exponent of a weight-loss protocol based on human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG). In 1954, he published a book called "Pounds and Inches", and a paper in the "Lancet" on his theories.
Scientific consensus does not support Simeons's claims, finding no weight loss attributable to the use of hCG.

</doc>
<doc id="31177791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177791" title="10 Trinity Square">
10 Trinity Square

10 Trinity Square is a Grade II listed building in London that was opened by David Lloyd George, then the British Prime Minister, in 1922. It is best known as being the former headquarters of the Port of London Authority. It overlooks the River Thames at Tower Hill, in the southeastern corner of the City of London.
The structure was designed by Sir Edwin Cooper and built by John Mowlen & Co in 1922 as the new headquarters of the Port of London Authority. (The PLA is now based on Charterhouse Street in Smithfield.) 
In 1946, Trinity Square hosted the inaugural meeting of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
The building was badly damaged by enemy bombing during the Blitz in World War II and when renovated in the 1970s a functional rectangular office block was built to occupy the central part of the building which was destroyed in the War. It was occupied as the European headquarters of insurance broker Willis Faber Limited following the relocation of the PLA to Smithfield. Willis is now based in the Willis Building in nearby Lime Street.
In 2006, 10 Trinity Square was acquired by Thomas Enterprises Inc. It was sold to a partnership of KOP Group and Reignwood in 2010. Reignwood bought out KOP's stake in 2012. It will be developed into a hotel and apartments.
The building featured in the 2012 James Bond film "Skyfall".

</doc>
<doc id="31177822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177822" title="Auckland Baptist Tabernacle">
Auckland Baptist Tabernacle

The Auckland Baptist Tabernacle is a heritage-listed church located near the corner of Queen Street and Karangahape Road, at the edge of Auckland central business district in New Zealand. 
History.
The Auckland Baptist Tabernacle was formed by Richard Shalders and 14 others in 1855 in the then fledging colonial town of Auckland. By the late 1860s, a sizeable chapel had been built in Wellesley Street and the church flourished. In 1881, Thomas Spurgeon, son of the famous C. H. Spurgeon, accepted the role of pastor and the church rapidly outgrew first the Wellesley Street Chapel, and then the Symonds Street Choral Hall. 
A prominent site at the top of Queen street was secured. Initially it was intended that the Church would face Karangahape Road but the plans were revised so it was actually constructed with the main façade on Queen Street. This meant the portico was visible from the harbour. Although one of the biggest buildings to be constructed in the city at the time it took only one year to build from 1884-85. As well as having very good acoustics it's auditorium was also the largest room in the city, able to accommodate over 1500 people.
The building was opened to the wider community on May 12th 1885 where a special tithe was taken to cover the final ₤100, rendering the church debt free. Designed by a local architect Edmund Bell, the building was directly based on the Metropolitan Tabernacle in London and featured the same columned portico derived from the Pantheon in Rome.
Thomas Spurgeon's non-identical twin brother Charles was the pastor of the Greenwich Baptist Church. As Greenwich is renowned as centre of time keeping the congregation possibly felt it was appropriate to present the Auckland Tabernacle with a clock manufactured in Greenwich. This clock is still a feature of the auditorium.
One of the elders of the Baptist church who championed the construction of the Auckland Tabernacle was Charles Blomfield. Charles Blomfield was a Sign Writer and interior decorator who operated from a shop adjacent to the Tabernacle, although he is mostly known for his landscape paintings, especially of the Pink and White Terraces. The neo-classical stencil work on the ceiling of the main auditorium was done by Charles and his brother Samuel.

</doc>
<doc id="31177826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177826" title="Naqus">
Naqus

Naqus is a bell played by Rwais (professional musicians of the High Atlas mountains of Morocco). It is described as ""the nāqūus (a bell originally made of a copper tube, now usually made from a car's brake drum)"". 
An instrument called a Naqus is also referred to in the Bahai document Lawh-i-Naqus, "Tablet of the Bell". This ""indicates a pierced wooden clapper-board which had a gong or bell-like function in making a noise when hit with a stick.""

</doc>
<doc id="31177842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177842" title="1878–79 Hibernian F.C. season">
1878–79 Hibernian F.C. season

Season 1878–79 was the second in which Hibernian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the second time.
Overview.
Hibs reached the fifth round of the Scottish Cup, losing 2–1 to Helensburgh.
The club began using a ground in the Powderhall area of Edinburgh during this season.
Results.
All results are written with Hibs' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="31177844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177844" title="Renouvin">
Renouvin

The French surname Renouvin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31177851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177851" title="Lycos Video Production">
Lycos Video Production

Lycos Video Production is an audio visual company based in Houston, Texas, United States. It provides a range of video production and audiovisual services to the business community and to the public. Lycos Inc., also called Lycos Video Production, or Lycos by clients, are legally formed at March 2009, under the support of Texas Southern University Jesse H. Jones School of Business Incubator program.Named as one of the "Best 300 Business Schools"[http://www.tsu.edu/PDFFiles/JHJ%20Best%20300%20Business%20Schools%20press%20release.pdf by the Princeton Review,the Jesse H. Jones School of Business is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB).[http://www.businessprogramsintheusa.com/AACSB-Accredited-Business-Schools-in-the-US.cfm The incubator program was started by the faculties and staffs of Jesse H. Jones School of Business under the vision of student entrepreneurs should have strong support from the business school to start business, raise funds and operate the business with a low cost. Lycos board of directors were graduated or were enrolled at Jesse H. Jones School of Business at the time forming the business. As a student entrepreneur start up business, Lycos was qualified for the incubator program. At May 2010, Lycos successfully won $15,000 worth of business tool kit and grants from ExxonMobile and Gerald Smith Entrepreneur Center to grow the business.[http://www.lycosconnect.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=50%3Alycos-inc-wins-grands-from-exxon-mobil-and-jhj-school-of-business&catid=34%3Ademo1&Itemid=28]

</doc>
<doc id="31177864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177864" title="White House Service Badge">
White House Service Badge

The White House Service Badge was a short lived military insignia which was issued between the years of 1960 and 1964 for United States armed forces military personnel stationed at the White House in a variety of duties. 

</doc>
<doc id="31177870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177870" title="2008 Women's Rugby League World Cup">
2008 Women's Rugby League World Cup

The 2008 Women's Rugby League World Cup was the third staging of the Women's Rugby League World Cup since its inauguration in 2000, and the first since the 2005 tournament. The tournament was held in Australia from 26 October, culminating in the final between Australia and New Zealand on 22 November. It was held at Stockland Park alongside the Police World Cup. Eight teams took part including defending champions New Zealand.
Final.
The final was held at Suncorp Stadium on the 15th of November.

</doc>
<doc id="31177873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177873" title="Albrecht Dietz">
Albrecht Dietz

Albrecht Dietz (11 March 1926 – 21 March 2012) was a German entrepreneur and scientist who founded the first leasing company in Germany. He is considered to be one of the pioneers and founding fathers of the German leasing industry. His publications on economic subjects range from leasing and corporate management to institutions and evolutionary economics.
Biography.
Albrecht Dietz was born in Dresden as the son of merchant and inventor, Albert Dietz, and the early-childhood educator, Lydia Dietz. After taking his school-leaving exam in 1944 at the Dresden Grammar School of Business and Economics he went on to study economics and law; at first at the TU Dresden and later, following the bombing of Dresden in 1945, at the University Jena from which he graduated in 1947 with a degree in Business Studies. In 1948 he became a scientific assistant to Erich Gutenberg at the Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main. He received his PhD in 1949 with a doctoral dissertation titled “Die Theorie der Overhead Costs” (The Theory of Overhead Costs ).
Dietz began professional life as an auditor in 1949 at the Deutsche Revisions- und Treuhand AG in Frankfurt am Main. From 1953 he occupied diverse posts in the office machinery industry, among them a position as manager of the financial and accounting office of the German Olivetti AG, as sales director at Ankerwerke AG and as managing director at Deutsche Underwood GmbH (see also Underwood Typewriter Company). He became acquainted with easing in the United States in the late 1950s. In 1962, he founded Maschinen Miete GmbH as the managing partner. It was the first leasing company for mobile goods together with Deutsche Leasing GmbH. Dietz had become the founding father and pioneer of a successful industry. In 1971, the leasing forerunner trio, Deutsche Leasing GmbH, Maschinen Miete GmbH and Mietdienst GmbH, merged to form Deutsche Leasing AG, of which Albrecht Dietz was the CEO from 1971 until 1991. Dietz also acted as President of the German Association of Leasing Companies and played a major role in drawing up the leasing directives of German tax legislation at the beginning of the 1970s. They still form the legal basis of leasing contracts today. For some years he also was a member of the Board of Leaseurope, the European Federation of Leasing Company Associations.
Since 1982 he has been teaching and researching in the areas of leasing economics, corporate management and institutional economy. He has been participating in international research seminars of the Max Planck Institute for Research into Economic Systems (today the Max Planck Institute of Economics) in Jena as an active guest since 1988. He has been Honorary Professor at the Faculty of Economic Sciences of the Goethe University of Frankfurt am Main since 1990.
Albrecht Dietz is married to Elisabeth Dietz and has three children.
Selected Publications.
Prof. Dietz has mainly published writings in German. The following is, therefore, just a small selection of his works. 

</doc>
<doc id="31177875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177875" title="Select-TV">
Select-TV

Select-TV is a Malaysian based company specializing in the IPTV (Internet Protocol television) technology for the hospitality and telecommunication sectors. Since its inception, it has delivered several IPTV projects to the Middle East and South East Asian region. Although the current company was incorporated in 2007 after a group restructuring, its development of IPTV for hospitality began since 2000. The company originally used Microsoft Windows platform for its set top boxes during its initial stage of product development. However, due to costs, it later developed the second version on Linux.
Among notable clients of Select-TV's IPTV for hotels are the Armani Hotel in Burj Khalifa in Dubai, Emirates Palace and Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi, Kempinski Residences and Suites in Doha, Lebua at State Tower Hotel in Bangkok, as well as Star Cruises' cruise ship SuperStar Virgo.
In 2009, Select-TV began the development of EMAGINE, the home-use version of its IPTV system. The system is currently deployed to their clients in several countries including Singapore and Thailand. EMAGINE is a box which incorporates over-the-top concept than a pure IPTV.
Technology.
Select-TV's development was based on Intel's x86 platform initially using Via Technologies's chipset and when Intel Atom became available, the company switched to the latter. Future hardware for Select-TV's set-top boxes are being planned with Intel CE4100 for its video decoding capabilities.
Awards.
In 2006, the company won the Prime Minister's "Best of the Best" award from MSC Malaysia APICTA (Asia Pacific Information Technology Award), awarded by the then Prime Minister of Malaysia, Abdullah Ahmad Badawi.
Investors.
Select-TV has raised venture capital funds from Intel Capital Corporation and Malaysian Venture Capital Berhad in 2010.
In January 2011, the company announced that it was going to invest MYR30 million under the Economic Transformation Programme to set up its IPTV system, initiated by the Malaysian government's Performance Management and Delivery Unit (PEMANDU). The project stipulates that the company set up its CXS in hotels in the South East Asia, and beam Malaysian content into these hotels in order to promote Malaysia-made content to neighboring countries. 
Developments.
Below are the phases of development that Select-TV has gone through up to today:
Home Market.
Select-TV launched EMAGINE for the home market in July 2011. Select-TV's EMAGINE over-the-top media centre's idea is to bring a better experience to consumers. Transforming the TV screen into a platform for content delivery and interactive services, EMAGINE allows operators to create new businesses or leverage on existing market base to increase revenue per user (ARPU). Unlike AppleTV, EMAGINE is designed and built to support internet standards such as JAVA and Adobe Flash to ensure users abilities to adapt the solution to their business needs faster than any other common set top boxes in the market. EMAGINE is able to support formats such as MPEG2, MPEG4, H.264, AVI, MKV, etc. in high definition 1080P. For music, it is able to support formats such as MP3, WAV and OGG. 
The concept for EMAGINE by Select-TV is that it is VAS enabled to allow Value added services such as eCommerce. Hence, to telcos it is not just a media player but allowing interactivity between the service provider and consumers. 
Units for its first version comes with HDMI input / output, 3 USB port, 1 slot for SD card reader, 1 GB DDR3 memory. Consumers can opt for built in Hard Disc Drive if they purchase online. On January 31, 2012, the UF Group announced that in partnering with Select-TV, they are deploying 90,000 of the EMAGINE boxes to homes around the world with India being the initial target market. 

</doc>
<doc id="31177884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177884" title="Yukio Ishizuka">
Yukio Ishizuka

Yukio Ishizuka (born June 14, 1938, in Hakodate, Japan) is a psychiatrist who grew up in Japan and graduated from Keio Medical School. He completed his internship at Jefferson Medical College Hospital in Philadelphia and his residency in psychiatry at Harvard Medical School's Massachusetts Mental Health Center in 1969. Ishizuka was a clinical assistant Professor of Psychiatry at NYU Medical Center. In 2007, the Japanese International Medical Student Association Ishizuka founded as a medical student received the coveted Health Culture Award at the Japanese Imperial Palace. He is the author of the Japanese book, "Self-Actualization" and has been a full-time practicing psychiatrist in New York since 1976.
In 1969, when Ishizuka completed his residency in Boston, psychoanalysis was at its zenith in American psychiatry, with many professors having undergone psychoanalytical training. Harvard Professor David Riesman encouraged Ishizuka to undergo further training in psychoanalysis under Erich Fromm. Impressed by Fromm’s initial definition of health, but questioning that psycho-analytic psychology with its emphasis on one’s past was clinically effective, Ishizuka hesitated. Not convinced that undergoing seven years of psychoanalysis could help him better understand health or happiness, he left psychiatry. His French wife, Colette, who later inspired much of his work on intimacy and the role a spouse or comparable intimate partner plays in it, supported his decision to follow his intuition. In 1969 he joined McKinsey and Company, an international consulting firm, as an associate in Paris. In 1972, he left consulting to become President and Co-founder of a subsidiary of Mitsubishi International Corp for mergers and acquisitions. During his fourth year in M&A, a business colleague sought his advice on how to overcome depression. Dr. Ishizuka’s rewarding experience helping his friend led him to return to the field of psychiatry in 1976. Ishizuka returned to medicine with a desire to understand what it meant to be well. 
Influences.
Ishizuka draws from the principles of both Zen Buddhism and quantum mechanics in his method of treatment. While the latter emphasises the interconnectedness of the entire universe, the former believes that a solution to human suffering lies in being one with the universe. The process becoming one with the universe begins with being better related to, and experiencing a higher level of intimacy with, one's partner or wife and requires the latter's active participation.» and training in the West helped him develop a model of health across different cultures.
Ishizuka, who graduated from Keio Medical School in Tokyo, and completed his residency in psychiatry at Harvard Medical School's Massachusetts Mental Health Center in 1969, has been a full-time practicing psychiatrist in New York since 1976. He is the author of the Japanese book, "Self-Actualization". 
Since 1976, Ishizuka’s main contribution has been the development of a new paradigm of health including: 
Positive mental health.
In 1976, while many psychiatrists continued to be preoccupied with the definition of psychological illnesses (Diagnostic Statistical Manuals), Ishizuka turned to a monograph by M. Jahoda published in 1958 entitled « Current Concepts of Positive Mental Health.» Jahoda offered six conditions for developing and evaluating future models of Positive Mental Health. In doing so, she pointed out the limits of the ‘disease’ model and set guidelines to define models of health applicable both in wellness and disease. 
Concluding that the ‘medical’ or ‘disease model’ used in psychiatry was not fit to understand healthy human beings or to assist them in ‘normal’ or optimal functioning, Ishizuka began to build such a model. His exposure to the East, and training in the West helped him develop a model of health across different cultures. Focusing almost entirely on the experience of his diverse patients, he challenged what he knew to define a model of health and personality applicable both in extreme distress and optimal health.
The three spheres: basic psychological needs and self-actualization.
In 1975, Dr. Ishizuka hypothesized that three basic psychological needs or spheres determine psychological health and self-actualization across cultures: the search for self, the need for intimacy, and the quest for achievement. The three spheres, also referred to as the "triad of psychological adjustment" or "tripod of happiness" are subjective, dynamic, and broad enough to encompass all psychological events. These three interconnected spheres characterize a person’s personality. A prolonged imbalance or a crisis in any one of these three key interconnected spheres of mental health influences the others and can trigger defensive symptoms such as anxiety, anger, physical symptoms, depression or, in some cases, psychosis.
Lifetrack Therapy: a personality model and therapy based on health.
To better understand and track psychological well-being, Ishizuka broke down the self, intimacy and achievement spheres into three dimensions with nine elements each. Using simple definitions and a subjective 10 point rating scale, he encouraged patients to take five to ten minutes daily to track the three spheres, as well as positive peaks of well-being (peace, friendliness, physical-health, happiness, mastery), negative peaks (anxiety, anger, physical symptoms, depression, psychosis), physical health, and proper use of food, beverage, or other substances. This tripod model of mental health is the basis for Lifetrack Therapy, a clinical approach drawing on the experience and insights accumulated by the daily self-rating data of more than 1,200 patients throughout their treatment on 41 parameters of mental health through periods of crisis to optimal health. The central goal for both the ‘distressed” and the “well” in Lifetrack Therapy is the same: health and well-being in the primary three spheres of life. Therapy sessions are focused on using crisis as an opportunity to transform the three spheres far beyond a previous best level of experience.
Personal life.
Dr. Yukio Ishizuka has been happily married since 1966 to Colette Ducassé Ishizuka. He has three children, lives in New York, and is a member of Salmagundi Club of N.Y. as a resident artist since 1974.
Publications.
Ishizuka, Yukio (1981). Self Actualization, Kodansha, Tokyo. ISBN 4-06-145662-8 C0211 P600E(4)
Ishizuka, Yukio (2004). Breakthrough Intimacy – Sad to Happy through Closeness, Lifetrack, ISBN 0-9726551-1-5
Ishizuka, Yukio. (2006). Breakthrough Intimacy – Conquering Depression, Lifetrack, ISBN 0-9726551-3-1
Further reading.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving, Bantom Books, 1963.
Erich Fromm, D.T. Suzuki, Richard De Martino, Zen Buddhism and Psychoanalysis, Harper Collins, 1970.
Homes TH, Rahe RH. The social readjustment rating scale. J Psychosom Res 2 : 213, 1967.
Ishizuka, Yukio (1988). ‘Lifetrack Therapy,’ Psychiatric Journal University Ottawa, Vol. 13 No. 4, pp. 197–207.
Ishizuka, Y., « Divorce : Can and Should It Be Prevented ? » Family Therapy, Vol. IX, Number 1, 1982, 69-90.
Ishizuka, Y., (1981). Self Actualization, Kodansha, Tokyo. ISBN 4-06-145662-8 C0211 P600E(4)
Ishizuka, Y., « Intimacy and Stress : Effective Therapeutic Intervention, » Psychiatric Ann. 1981, 11(7), 259-265.
Ishizuka, Y., « Conjoint Therapy for Marital Problems, Psychiatric Ann. 9 : 6, June 1979.
Ishizuka, Y., « Causes of Anxiety and Depression in Marriage, » Psychiatric Ann. 9 :6, June 1979 : 302-309. 
Ishizuka, N., “The Psychological Make or Buy Decision: Psychology and Transaction Cost Economics,” paper presented at the Academy of Management, Boston, August 1997.
Ishizuka, N., “Lifetrack Assumptions about Conflict Resolution and Third Party Intervention: A Case Study of Kissinger in the Middle East,” Working Paper, Harvard Law Program on Negotiation, July 1995
Jahoda, M. (1958), Current Concept of Positive Mental Health, Basic Books.
Jahoda, M. Toward a social psychology of mental health, In : Symposium on the Healthy Personality. Senn MJE, (ed), New York : Josiah Macy Jr. Foumdation, pp. 221, 219, 220, 1953.
Maslow AH. Self-Actualizing People. A study of psychological health. Personality Symposia 1 : 16, 1950.
Maslow AH. Motivation and Personality. Hraper and Row, 1954.
Menninger KA. What is a healthy mind ?. In : The Healthy-Minded Child. Crawford NA, Menninger KA (eds.), NY : Coward-McCann, pp 3–17, 1930
Menninger, W.C (1947), The Role of psychiatry in the world today, Am J Psychiatry,104: 155-163
Riesman D. Glazer N, Denny R., The Lonely Crowd, Yale Univ Press, 1950.
Shiroyama, S., The Conditions for Survival. Kodansha: Tokyo (Japan), 1991.
Presentations of Lifetrack at APA and World Congresses.
Ishizuka, Y., "Breakthrough Intimacy - Treating Personality" APA (American Psychiatric Association) Annual Meeting San Diego, May 2007.
Ishizuka, Y., "Breakthrough Intimacy - Transforming Borderline Personality" Xth ISSPD (International Society for Study of Personality Disorders) Congress, Hague, September 2007
Ishizuka, Y., "Lifetrack Therapy - Treating Personality with Breakthrough Intimacy" Presentation to Private Practice Committee Meeting, American Psychiatric Association, Westchester Division, 2006
Ishizuka, Y., five 2-hour workshops presented at IV World Congress for Psychotherapy Buenos Aires, 2005 : (1) Breakthrough Intimacy – Treating Personality, (2) How to Cure Depression without Drugs, (3) Borderline Personality Disorder can be cured in 6 Months, (4) Why Couple therapy is the Gold mine of Therapeutic Productivity, (5) Psychoterapy with Single Diagnosis, Five Symptoms, and the Same Treatment.
Ishizuka, Y., and Ishizuka N. « ‘Fear of Closeness’ Underlies Interpersonal as well as International Conflicts, » Proceedings of World Congresss of Psychniatry, Spain, 1996.
Ishizuka, Y., « Couple Therapy as the Standard Mode of Intervention, » Proceedings of the World Congress of Psychiatry, Spain, 1996.
Ishizuka, Y., « Patients’ Self-rating for ‘Incremental Thinking, » Proceedings of the World Congress of Psychiatry, Spain, 1996.
Ishizuka, Y., « Personality Transformation is Therapy Objective, » Proceedings of the World Congress of Psychiatry, Spain, 1996.
Ishizuka, Y., « Overcoming Defense Against Closeness, » Proceedings of the World Congress of Psychiatry, Greece, 1989.
Ishizuka, Y., « Lifetrack Therapy : A New Approach, » Proceedings of World Congress of Psychiatry, Greece, 1989.
Ishizuka, Y., « Three Dimensions of Intimacy, » Proceedings of the World Congress of Psychiatry, Vienna, 1984.
Ishizuka, Y., « Hierarchy and Matrix of Defense, » Proceedings of the 10th World Congress (1983) of Social Psychiatry, Intergroup, 1984.
Ishizuka, Y., « Daily Subjective Rating of Adjustment by Patients, » Proceedings of the 10th World Congress (1983) of Social Psychiatry, Intergroup, 1984.
Ishizuka, Y., « Psycho-Physiology and Positive Mental Health, » Proceedings of the 10th World Congress (1983) of Social Psychiatry, Intergroup, 1984.
Ishizuka, Y., « Reinventing the Wheel of Therapeutic Process, » Proceedings of the 8th World Congress of Social Psychiatry (1981), Plenum, 1984.
Ishizuka, Y., « Towards Integrative Concept of Therapeutic Objectives, » Proceedings of the 8th World Congress (1981) of Social Psychiatry, Plenum, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31177904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177904" title="Bira ceremony">
Bira ceremony

Bira is an all-night ritual, celebrated by Shona people from Zimbabwe in which members of an extended family call on ancestral spirits for guidance and intercession. 
The attendees at a ceremony participate in singing, dancing and hand clapping. The two mbira players are joined by a player on a pair of gourd shakers (hosho), which emphasize the underlying triplet beat. The mbira playing and singing are all improvised off the familiar basic patterns, resulting in a constantly changing polyphonic texture.
In this ceremony, music that was favored by the ancestors when they were alive is used to summon the spirits to possess living mediums; thus the religious belief system helps to preserve older musical practices.

</doc>
<doc id="31177905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177905" title="Vrčice">
Vrčice

Vrčice (; in older sources also "Brčice", or "Wertschitsch") is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It dates to the mid-18th century.
Name.
The Slovene name "Vrčice" is believed to be derived from the German name "Wertschitz" and that, in turn, from the Slavic prepositional phrase *"vъ rěčicě" 'in/at the creek'.

</doc>
<doc id="31177921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177921" title="Kolkata Town Hall">
Kolkata Town Hall

Kolkata Town Hall in Roman Doric style, was built in 1813 by the architect and engineer Maj.-Gen. John Garstin (1756-1820) with a fund of 700,000 Rupees raised from a lottery to provide the Europeans with a place for social gatherings. At first, the hall was placed under a committee, which allowed the public to use the hall under such terms and conditions as were fixed by the Government. The public could visit the ground floor hall to see statues and large size portrait paintings but they were not allowed indiscriminate access to the upper storey. Applications for the use of the upper storey were to be made to the committee. In 1867 Town Hall came under the custody of the Calcutta Municipality (later the Kolkata Municipal Corporation). In 1897 the Town Hall was partly renovated. After independence in 1947, indiscriminate interference with the structure inevitably took its toll, but was stopped in 1998 by timely intervention .
The town hall was featured on the 6th leg of The Amazing Race 18, when the teams had to compete in a tea-drinking roadblock.

</doc>
<doc id="31177925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177925" title="Race to Red">
Race to Red

Race to Red is an album released by alternative rock band Darling Thieves (formally known as I Hate Kate). This is the second release by the band, following their first album entitled "Embrace the Curse". This is the band's first album released under their new name. It was released on June 17, 2010. as a digital album only. It is only available on digital stores such as iTunes or Amazon.com and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31177930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177930" title="Rao Gopal Singh Kharwa">
Rao Gopal Singh Kharwa

Thakur Rao Gopal Singh Kharwa (1872–1939), born in Rajasthan, was the ruler of the Kharwa state (near Ajmer) of Rajputana. He was sentenced to four years of imprisonment in the Todgarh Fort located approximately from Beawar for organising a revolt against the British.
Every spring on the anniversary of his death, the residents of Kharwa and nearby villages gather at a "mela" (celebration or fair) to commemorate their former Thakur.

</doc>
<doc id="31177935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177935" title="Pierre-Émile Engel">
Pierre-Émile Engel

Pierre-Émile Engel (February 15, 1847 – 1927) was a French operatic tenor active on the stages of Brussels, Paris, Monte-Carlo and other European cities where he sang leading roles in several world premieres.
Life and career.
Engel was born in Paris and studied for four years with Gilbert Duprez. He made his debut in 1863 at the age of 16 in Duprez's "Jeanne d'Arc". Early in his career sang at the Théâtre des Fantaisies-Parisiennes in Paris, where in 1867 he created the title role in Jules-Laurent Duprato's "Le chanteur florentin". He made his debut at the Opéra-Comique in 1877 and the following year there created the role of Fernande in Pierre-Louis Deffès's "Les noces de Fernande". In 1879, he left the Opéra-Comique and sang in other European countries. From 1885 to 1889 he was a leading tenor with Le Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels, singing in the world premieres of Litolff's, "Les templiers" (1886), Chabrier's "Gwendoline" (1886), Godard's "Jocelyn" (1888), and Mathieu's "Richilde" (1888).
His elder son José (born 13 August 1873) was a painter, who left portraits and caricatures of Chabrier; after "Gwendoline" the families become close, corresponding and visiting each other. Chabrier dedicated his "Chanson de Jeanne" to Engel.
In his later years Engel taught singing and remained in demand as a recitalist. His most famous pupil was Jane Bathori, whom he later married. The couple often sang together in recitals of art song by contemporary French composers. Ravel's "Le martin-pêcheur" ("The kingfisher") from his song cycle "Histoires naturelles " is dedicated to Engel as is Satie's "Daphénéo". Engel became a Professor at the Paris Conservatory in 1907 and taught there until World War I. Amongst his other pupils were Louis Cazette, Louis Guénot, Françoise Rosay, and the Canadian tenor Rodolphe Plamondon. Pierre-Émile Engel died in Paris in 1927 at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="31177936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177936" title="Taunton Tramway">
Taunton Tramway

The Taunton Tramway was an electric street tramway in Taunton, the county town of Somerset, England. It operated a fleet of six narrow gauge tramcars on a single route of between 1901 and 1921 when the tramway closed due to a dispute over the cost of electricity.
History.
The Taunton and West Somerset Electric Railways and Tramways Company was incorporated in 1900 as a subsidiary of British Electric Traction. Despite plans to build a network to neighbouring towns including Wiveliscombe, Wellington and North Petherton it started small with a route from Taunton railway station to the town centre. This route of about opened on 2 August 1901. It became apparent that the large network proposed would not be built and so the company changed its name to the Taunton Electric Traction Company in 1903.
In 1905, the whole line was closed for eight weeks to rebuild the track which was subsiding. At the same time the entire fleet of double-deck trams were replaced by single-deck trams. On 13 August 1909, a short extension was opened, continuing under the low bridge beneath the railway station to Rowbarton. This took the line to , its maximum extent.
The company was notified that the price of electricity would rise. The company refused to pay this so a court order was taken out against them to nullify the agreement to supply them with power. The company offered to sell the tramway to the town but this was refused. Instead the electricity was cut off on 28 May 1921. Later that year car number 1 was towed around the town by a steam locomotive while carrying a sign that read 'Yes! We have no tram cars' as part of the town's annual carnival.
Services.
The route ran from the depot in East Reach westwards to East Street then northwards past the Market House into North Street. After passing over the Town Bridge the line continued along Bridge Street and Station Road to the original terminus outside the railway station. After 1909 it continued up Kingston Road to terminate by the end of Salisbury Street.
When the line opened in 1901 it operated trams at least every eight minutes.
Engineering.
The track was laid to gauge. The tightest curve was and steepest gradient 1 in 25 (4%).
Electricity was supplied by Taunton Corporation from a generating station in St James Street. Ten of the cast iron standards that used to carry the overhead line have survived as lamp posts, although none of them are in their original locations. Nine can be found in Greenway Crescent, not far from the Kingston Road terminus, the tenth is in West Street, Bishops Lydeard.
Tram cars.
There were six tramcars in Taunton at any time, however a total of twelve different cars operated in the town as the entire fleet was changed from double-deck to single-deck cars in 1905. Livery was dark crimson lake with gold lining. Double-deck cars had green curtains.
The open-top double-deck cars were built by Brush Electrical Engineering and had seats for 22 people downstairs and 29 upstairs. In 1905 they were sold to the Leamington and Warwick Electrical Company. One was later sold on to the Llandudno and Colwyn Bay Electric Railway where it was used as a works car until 1935.
The replacement single-deck cars were also built by Brush. In 1921 five were sold for further use: three went to the Torquay Tramways and two were converted to standard gauge () for the Gravesend and Northfleet Electric Tramways. The sixth car became a shed on a local farm.
Depot.
The depot was at the eastern end of the network off East Reach, behind the houses in Alfred Street (). A shed covered three tracks, and a house was provided for the manager on East Reach to the west of the depot entrance. The site has now been obliterated by the construction of Chritchard Way.

</doc>
<doc id="31177952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177952" title="Karl Martindahl">
Karl Martindahl

Karl Glenn Martindahl (born in Bankeryd, Sweden on 5 June 1980) is a Swedish singer and son of Swedish footballer Glenn Martindahl.
Beginnings.
Karl Martindahl had his debut in the TV program "Söndagsöppet" in the early 1990s as a child singer with "The Flying Eagles" and the song "Filippa". He also took part in the Swedish reality show "Fame Factory" for the 2003-2004 season.
In 2004, he took part in Melodifestivalen 2004 with "Love Turns Water Into Wine" written by Michael Persson and Peter Bromanin a bid to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, but failed to be chosen. He continued his solo musical career.
The Wallstones.
In 2004, agreed with Johan Becker, the "Fame Factory" winner in 2004 to form the pop duo The Wallstones where they had a 2005 album "Pleasure and Pain" and three singles "Good Old Stonecake" in 2004, and "C'mon Julie" in 2005. The Wallstones duo made another bid to Melodifestivalen 2005 with "Invisible People" written by Martindahl and Becker, but didn't make it to the final of the contest.
Charlie Emm.
Karl Martindahl is now a lead singer with the band Charlie Emm, that also includes Ryan Roxie (the former guitarist with Alice Cooper).
In popular culture.
In 2010, he joined Daniel Karlsson and Robin Bengtsson to sing "Wake Up world", the charity song for "Hjälp Haiti".

</doc>
<doc id="31177959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177959" title="Finnmarksløpet">
Finnmarksløpet

Finnmarksløpet is the world's northernmost sled dog race. The race starts on Saturday of the 10th week of the year and goes across Finnmark in Norway. The race was first run in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="31177963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177963" title="Voivodeships of Poland (1975–98)">
Voivodeships of Poland (1975–98)

The voivodeships of Poland from 1975–1998 were created as part of a two-tier method for administering the country and its regions. Between 1 June 1975 and 31 December 1998, pursuant to a law proclaimed on 28 May 1975, Poland was administratively divided into 49 voivodeships, consolidating and eliminating the intermediate administrative level of powiats (counties).
The scheme meant that most voivodeships had fewer than 1 million inhabitants. Each voivodeship took its name from a small- or medium-sized town situated near its centre, which would become its capital.
History.
An unstated reason for the reform was the desire of the Polish Central Committee to strengthen control over lower layers of the state apparatus. After Edward Gierek replaced Władysław Gomułka as first secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party, his clique maintained power by dividing the Politburo.
Through administrative reorganization and the new territorial division, Gierek was able to nominate his supporters to provincial committees and break the hold of older elements of the party.
On the date the system took effect (1 June 1975), the 49 voivodeships were further subdivided into 2,343 municipalities plus 814 cities, including four cities with special status — Warsaw, Łódź, Kraków and Wrocław — for a total of 3,157 municipal governments serving as secondary administrative units.
Warszawa Voivodeship had the status of a metropolitan voivodeship, and the Łódź and Kraków Voivodeships were called "urban voivodeships". The appointed mayor of each voivodeship's capital city also served as the provincial governor. Initially, the city of Wrocław was a separate administrative division within the Wrocław Voivodeship.
During 1991 and 1992 the large municipalities were restructured, significantly changing the division of powers between the provincial cities and the surrounding rural communities (Laws of 1991, chapter 2, section 9; chapter 3, section 12; and chapter 87, section 397).
In the Polish administrative reform of 1999 Poland introduced a further reform of local government administration, establishing the present 16 voivodeships with new districts.
Cities.
In 1975 many towns that had previously been large communal villages were incorporated as cities.
During the second half of the 1970s eight towns lost their civic rights and were merged into neighbouring cities, while several cities that had previously lost their identity and absorbed into metropolitan conurbations regained their independence: Poręba, Sławków, Międzyzdroje, Bieruń, Lędziny, Wojkowice, Rydułtowy, Pszów, Miasteczko Śląskie, Imielin, Radlin, Radzionków and Zagórz.
List of voivodeships.
From 1975–1998 Poland was divided into the following voivodeships:

</doc>
<doc id="31177971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31177971" title="Linum marginale">
Linum marginale

Linum marginale, known by the common name of 'Native Flax' or 'Australian Flax', is a short lived perennial flowering herb, native to Australia. A slender, wispy, upright plant, growing to around 1 metre high, Native Flax is often overlooked when not in flower. It should not be confused with species of Wahlenbergia, which occurs in the same area and can appear similarly. Like most species of Linum, Linum marginale can be used to produce useful fibre, but is not grown on a commercial level for this purpose.
Native flax has small linear blue green leaves, often pushed quite close to the stem. To the untrained eye from a distance, in may appear to have no leaves.
Unlike most other species of flax which have yellow flowers, Linum marginale beaks into sprays of large, electric blue flowers in spring and early summer. The flowers (around 3 cm across) have five petals and form at the top of each wiry stem of the plant. Flowers are replaced in summer by small, globular, papery capsules, about 3 mm across, containing a cluster of buff coloured, sesame-like seeds. Like many southern Australian flowers, the plant dies back in summer, but reshoots the following autumn when the rains return.

</doc>
<doc id="31178002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178002" title="Heavy fermion superconductor">
Heavy fermion superconductor

Heavy fermion superconductors are a type of unconventional superconductor.
The first heavy fermion superconductor, CeCu2Si2, was discovered by Frank Steglich in 1978.
Since then over 30 heavy fermion superconductors were found (in materials based on Ce, U), with a critical temperature up to 2.3 K (in CeCoIn5).
Heavy Fermions are intermetallic compounds, containing rare earth or actinide elements. The f-electrons of these atoms hybridize with the normal conduction electrons leading to quasiparticles with an enhanced mass.
From specific heat measurements (ΔC/C(TC) one knows that the Cooper pairs in the superconducting state are also formed by the heavy quasiparticles.
In contrast to normal superconductors it cannot be described by BCS-Theory. Due to the large effective mass, the 
Fermi velocity is reduced and comparable to the inverse Debye frequency. This leads to the failing of the picture of electrons polarizing the lattice as an attractive force.
Some heavy fermion superconductors are candidate materials for the Fulde-Ferrell-Larkin-Ovchinnikov (FFLO) phase. In particular there has been evidence that CeCoIn5 close to the critical field is in an FFLO state.

</doc>
<doc id="31178009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178009" title="Beausire">
Beausire

Beausire is the name of the following persons:

</doc>
<doc id="31178010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178010" title="Kunchanapalli">
Kunchanapalli

Kunchanapalli or Kunchanapalle is a village of Tadepalli mandal in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located beside the Krishna River to the south, and Tadepalli to the west. Around 5 km. from Vijayawada.
Geography.
Kunchanapalle is located at . It has an average elevation of 5 meters (19 feet).
Features.
Kunchanapalli is famous for Curry leaves, in which major population of this village are engaged in agriculture. Thus the cultivated leaves, various kind of curry leaves are supplied to the major part of coastal belt from Vijayawada city market. The "A graded" curry leaves are sold at KaleswaraRao Market by the farmers before sunrise i.e. around 2:00 am to 7:00 am. The rest of the time farmers generally spend at the fields for cultivation.

</doc>
<doc id="31178040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178040" title="Vendodu">
Vendodu

Vendodu is one of the major panchayati in Gudur Mandel, at Nellore District. 

</doc>
<doc id="31178071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178071" title="Omar Nour">
Omar Nour

Omar Nour is an Egyptian professional triathlete competing in on the International Triathlon Union (ITU) circuit.
Early life and family.
Born in Cairo, Egypt, on December 9, 1978, Omar and his immediate and extended family were based in Cairo, as well as other parts of the country. At the age of three, he moved to Lausanne, Switzerland, where Omar and his brother were enrolled in boarding schools. They gained multi-linguistic abilities with international upbringing. Omar became fluent in Arabic, French and English, and conversational in German. However, Omar said he never lost sight of his Arabic heritage and culture, because of the emphasis and reinforcement of their traditions by his mother.
In 1992, his family moved to the United States, where Omar continued his education. Upon graduation from high school, he enrolled in The Johns Hopkins University, with a triple-major in French, Near Eastern Studies and Biology, with a pre-medical concentration. After graduation from Hopkins, Omar, who was once bound for medical school, apparently shifted his focus and entered the business world, starting and growing various small business ventures. It was a familial venture, that permanently removed Omar from the medical track. In 2006, Nour and his brother Diaa formed a telecommunications firm, Tot Solutions, Soon, his plans for medical school were deferred, and he found himself working 120-hour weeks in furtherance of their now thriving entrepreneurial endeavor.
Career.
According to Nour, it was on a dare from a friend, that he entered a local triathlon in 2007 (the Nations Triathlon in Washington, DC) and he fell in love with the challenging three-sport format. Nour had raced well enough to earn Elite status as a triathlete. After talks with the Egyptian Triathlon Federation (ETF), Nour entered his first full pro season in 2010, racing under the flag of Egypt. With the goal of qualifying and competing in the Olympics as the first Egyptian pro triathlete in history, he set about on an ITU schedule, racing at diverse venues all over the world. Nour found mixed results and a completely different level of racing, than he did within the age group ranks. Without a youth swimming background, he did not fare well in the short, fast, swim format of ITU style racing and consequently struggled early on in 2010.
Coming from a multilingual family helped the Egyptian adapt, at least socially, to the various race venues during his first year on the pro circuit. Deeply rooted in his MENA, Arabic heritage, Omar fluidly flips languages and converses with French cameramen at races, or cracks jokes in German with his "deutsche" competitors. This personality resonated with fans and media with Nour seemingly focusing on developing his media profile via television, internet, magazines and newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="31178078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178078" title="Vellinakshatram">
Vellinakshatram

Vellinakshatram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31178083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178083" title="Philippines women's national volleyball team">
Philippines women's national volleyball team

The Philippine women's national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of the Philippines.
Squads.
The following is the Philippine squad in the women's volleyball tournament of the 2013 Asian Women's Volleyball Championship. Finishes off to 12th place.
The following is the Philippine squad in the women's volleyball tournament of the 2014 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Championship qualification.
The following is the Philippine squad in the women's volleyball tournament of the 2014 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship under the club name, PLDT HOME TVolution.

</doc>
<doc id="31178087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178087" title="Neemuch (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Neemuch (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Neemuch Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951 as one of the 79 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Madhya Bharat state.
Overview.
Neemuch (constituency number 229) is one of the 3 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Neemuch district. This constituency covers the entire Neemuch tehsil of the district.
Neemuch is part of Mandsour Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Manasa and Jawad in this district, Jaora in Ratlam district and Mandsour, Malhargarh, Suwasra and Garoth in Mandsaur district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As a constituency of Madhya Bharat state:
As a constituency of Madhya Pradesh state:

</doc>
<doc id="31178099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178099" title="The Wallstones">
The Wallstones

The Wallstones was a Swedish musical duo formed in 2004 by Johan Becker, winner of the "Fame Factory", a talent reality show in Sweden and Karl Martindahl another "Fame Factory" contestant. The Wallstones released their album "Pleasure and Pain" in 2005 and had three singles, "Good Old Stonecake" in 2004, and "C'mon Julie" in 2005.
Melodifestivalen 2005.
The Wallstones duo made a bid to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 by taking part in the preselection contest Melodifestivalen 2005 with their song "Invisible People", written by Martindahl and Becker. But The Wallstones didn't make it to the final round of the contest.
After break-up.
After break-up of the duo, its members went on to pursue other musical careers. Karl Martindahl had some solo singles and later on formed the band Charlie Emm, alongside guitarist Ryan Roxie.
Johan Becker went on to form Star Pilots that took part in Melodifestivalen 2009 with "Higher". The band have hits both in Sweden and the United Kingdom particularly with "In the Heat of the Night" that reached #2 in Sweden and #21 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="31178109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178109" title="Logarithmically concave sequence">
Logarithmically concave sequence

In mathematics, a sequence of nonnegative real numbers is called a logarithmically concave sequence, or a log-concave sequence for short, if holds for .
Examples of log-concave sequences are given by the binomial coefficients along any row of Pascal's triangle.

</doc>
<doc id="31178110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178110" title="Lyndon Watts">
Lyndon Watts

Lyndon Watts (born 1976) is an Australian bassoonist. He is principal bassoonist of the Münchner Philharmoniker and an academic teacher.
Professional career.
Watts studied the bassoon from 1988. He collaborated with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra from 1992 to 1993, winning prizes at Australian competitions. From 1994 he studied at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München with Eberhard Marschall and, in 2000, finished his Master's degree with distinction.
In 1997 Watts won the international music competition "pacem in terris" of Bayreuth. In 2000 he was awarded the Yamaha Scholarship for Woodwind Instruments, which he used to study Baroque bassoon from 2001 to 2005 with Alberto Grazzi in Verona. He won a third prize at the ARD International Music Competition in 2002, he was the first Australian woodwind player in the competition's history to win a prize, and an "award for the best interpretation of the commissioned work by Heinz Holliger", "Klaus-ur" from "Three Pieces" for bassoon. Holliger's composition was recorded by the Bayerischer Rundfunk on the CD "21st Century Instrumental Solos", a collection of works commissioned by the ARD competition since 2002. On another recording of the prizewinners of 2002 he plays Mozart's bassoon concerto with the Münchener Kammerorchester.
Since 1998 Watts has been principal bassoonist of the Münchner Philharmoniker. He has also performed as a soloist with the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Münchener Kammerorchester. At the 2004 conference of the International Double Reed Society (IDRS) he appeared with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. He is a supporter of the Australian World Orchestra, founded in 2010.
As a chamber musician, he commissioned and first performed in 2001 the first of four quartets for a woodwind instrument and string trio, called "Finnische Quartette", by Jörg Duda. In 2003 he premiered the Bassoon Quintet of Graham Waterhouse at the Gasteig. At the 2009 IDRS conference in Birmingham he played in several recitals, for example with bassoonist Thomas Eberhardt "Lacrimosa" of Louis Andriessen, Holliger's "Three Pieces", Sofia Gubaidulina's Duo for two bassoons, and the premiere of Bernd Redmann's "Secret doors" for two bassoons and orchestra. In December 2009 he took part in the festival of contemporary music "Klangaktionen" in Munich. In 2011 he premiered Redmann's "Migrant" for bassoon and string quartet in Munich.
Playing a Baroque bassoon built by Peter de Koningh after Eichentopf, Watts recorded arrangements of arias from Handel's operas, "The Gentleman's Flute", in an ensemble with Stefan Temmingh, recorder, and his wife Olga Watts, harpsichord, among others.
Watts was one of 16 bassoonists in the concert "The Proud Bassoon", celebrating William Waterhouse on 16 April 2011 in Wigmore Hall. He played Waterhouse’s arrangement for two bassoon choirs of Giovanni Gabrieli's "Sonata Pian' e Forte", Anton Reicha's Quintet for bassoon and strings, on an 1807 instrument from Waterhouse's collection, and the Divertissement for bassoon and string quintet of Jean Francaix, dedicated to Waterhouse.
Watts taught the bassoon at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München between 2002 and 2007, and has worked as a professor at the Bern University of the Arts since October 2005. He has conducted regular courses in Switzerland and Germany, and masterclasses in England, Portugal, Australia, Japan, China and Korea, such as a masterclass of the Australasian Double Reed Society in 2008. He has been a teacher for the Junge Münchner Philharmonie.

</doc>
<doc id="31178124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178124" title="Leandro Chichizola">
Leandro Chichizola

Leandro "Chichi" Chichizola (; born 27 March 1990) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for River Plate.
Career.
Chichizola started his career with Club Sanjustino de San Justo. In 2008 signed for River Plate F.C., who made his professional debut on 13 February 2011 in the first round of the Clausura 2011 tournament in a 0-0 draw against Tigre. He continued to play as River's first choice goalkeeper keeping clean sheets in all of his first four games for the club. On 13 March 2011 he conceded his first goal in a game against Vélez Sársfield after miskicking the ball straight to the opposition striker Santiago Silva
In the following game against Arsenal de Sarandí he was dropped from the first team after the usual first team goalkeeper Juan Pablo Carrizo returned to fitness.

</doc>
<doc id="31178181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178181" title="Bicocca">
Bicocca

Bicocca, meaning a small castle located in an elevated place (i.e. a small "rocca"), is a common term in Italian toponymy, It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31178199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178199" title="Vellinakshatram (1949 film)">
Vellinakshatram (1949 film)

Vellinakshatram is a 1949 Malayalam film directed by Felix J. Beyse. It was the first film produced at the Udaya Studios. Its music is composed by B. A. Chidambaranath, who debuted with this film. The film stars Gayaka Peethambaram, Ambujan, Kuttanadu Ramakrishna Pillai, Miss Kumari, Lalitha, Alleppey Vincent, Kandiyoor Parameshwaran Pillai, Cherayi Ambujam and Baby Girija.
Not even a single frame from the footage of this film is available now. What is left of this film is the songs book. The film was a miserable failure at the box office too.

</doc>
<doc id="31178214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178214" title="Artigisa melanephele">
Artigisa melanephele

Artigisa melanephele is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31178235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178235" title="Ko Chang (disambiguation)">
Ko Chang (disambiguation)

Ko Chang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31178257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178257" title="Eudonia diphtheralis">
Eudonia diphtheralis

Eudonia diphtheralis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The larvae feed on mosses.
Original Description.
Wingspan for males and females is 23–26 mm. Head pale ochreous, face black. Palpi 2 ¼, black, mixed with white, basal joint white. Antennæ black, beneath ochreous-whitish. Thorax white, anterior half, a square central spot, and posterior extremity suffused with black. Abdomen whitish-ochreous, slightly irrorated with grey, segmental margins more ochreous towards base. Legs white, thinly sprinkled with black, tibiæ and tarsi banded with black. Forewings elongate, triangular, costa hardly arched, apex rounded, hindmargin sinuate, slightly oblique; white, irregularly irrorated with black scales which are ochreous at their base; a triangular blackish spot on costa at base, apex extended to form a smaller spot, but not quite reaching inner margin; inner margin beneath this whitish-ochreous; a broad cloudy white line near first line, more or less confluent with it above; first line broad, cloudy, white, oblique, hardly curved, rather irregular, posteriorly blackish-margined, forming a cloudy triangular blackish spot towards costa; a pale ochreous-yellowish streak along submedian fold from basal spot to anal blotch; orbicular roundish, whitish-ochreous, broadly b ack-margined, detached; claviform small, oblique, black, sometimes pale-centred, detached; reniform 8-shaped, whitish-ochreous, black-margined, connected with costa by a small blackish spot, between which and second line is a whitish suffusion; space between orbicular and reniform, and between reniform and second line, clothed with peculiarly appressed brassy prismatic scales, appearing as though transparent; second line broad, white, blackish-margined; terminal space wholly suffused with black; subterminal line broad, white, more or less pale ochreous-yellowish on veins, generally interrupted above middle, apex of lower portion touching second line; a hindmarginal row of white dots: cilia grey, with two darker lines, basal third slightly barred with whitish, tips whitish. Hindwings 1 ½, whitish-ochreous, partially irrorated with grey; lunule, postmedian line, and a tolerably defined hindmarginal band rather dark grey; cilia ochreous-whitish, with two dark grey lines.
A fine species, differing from all others by the peculiar prismatic spots preceding and following reniform.
Hamilton, Palmerston, Napier, Wellington, Christchurch, and Otira Gorge, from. December to March, usually near forest; common where it occurs, but I have never taken it except at lamps, and always females only; I have seen one male, taken by Mr. R. W. Fereday, and perhaps sixty females.

</doc>
<doc id="31178266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178266" title="1987 New Zealand rugby league season">
1987 New Zealand rugby league season

The 1987 New Zealand rugby league season was the 80th season of rugby league that had been played in New Zealand. The main feature of the year was the Interdistricts Series competition that was run by the New Zealand Rugby League. Auckland won the series, defeating the other three inter-district teams.
International competitions.
The New Zealand Kiwis began the season poorly when a domestic based side lost to the touring Queensland side 18-14 in May. Queensland then finished their tour undefeated by thrashing Bay of Plenty 72-6.
The Kiwis then toured Papua New Guinea and Australia later in the year. Coached by Tony Gordon the side was George Lajpold, Joe Ropati, Kevin Iro, Mark Elia, Dean Bell, Shane Horo, Gary Mercer, Sam Panapa, Gary Freeman, Peter Brown, Ross Taylor, Adrian Shelford, Barry Harvey, Wayne Wallace, Dean Lonergan, Mark Horo, Sam Stewart and captain Ron O'Regan. However O'Regan had to withdraw due to injury before the touring party left New Zealand. Dean Bell replaced him as captain while Shane Cooper was called into the squad. The team defeated Northern Rivers 44-12 and Queensland 22-16 before there two test matches. Before the Queensland game the squad was joined by four Australian based professionals; Hugh McGahan, Brent Todd, Clayton Friend and Darrell Williams. As a result, four players were sent home after the Queensland game; Peter Brown and George Lajpold due to injury and Sam Panapa and Joe Ropati due to form. The Kiwis then travelled for Port Moresby and defeated Papua New Guinea 36-22 before returning to Brisbane and upsetting the Australian Kangaroos 13-6. The Kiwis had originally planned to host France in 1987 but the French withdrew from their planned tour of Papua New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand due to financial reasons.
The New Zealand XIII that played against Queensland was George Lajpold, Warren Mann, Kevin Iro, Tea Ropati, Gary Mercer, Sam Panapa, Gary Freeman, Adrian Shelford, Barry Harvey, Peter Brown, captain Sam Stewart, Peter Ropati and Mark Horo. Bench: Paddy Tuimavave and Wayne Wallace. Kiwis coach Tony Gordon coached the side.
New South Wales Country conducted a two match tour of New Zealand before their annual City vs Country Origin match. They defeated Waikato 18-0 before losing to Auckland 6-44.
The Junior Kiwis made their first ever tour of Great Britain. The side was coached by Bob Bailey and included Jason Lowrie, Jason Palmada, Tony Tuimavave, Mike Steafano, Jarrod McCracken, Kevin Iro, David Bailey, Dean Clark, Mark Nixon and Tony Kemp. The Junior Kiwis won all seven games on tour, including two "Tests" against British Amateur Rugby League Association.
The under 17-year old national side included Ken McIntosh, Hitro Okesene, Blair Harding and Tukere Barlow. Maea David, Mark Bourneville (as captain) and Stephen Kearney was included in the under 15-year old side.
Auckland also toured Great Britain. They were coached by Bob Bailey, who had already announced his retirement from the position at the end of the year. The side defeated Leeds, 29-25, and Warrington, 22-16, before losing to St Helens 52-26. They then lost to Hull 26-24 before defeating the champion Wigan club 10-6 in front of 10,743 fans at Central Park. They then lost to a Chairman's XIII 12-6 to finish the tour. The squad was: John Ropati, Warren Mann, Shane Cooper, Marty Crequer, Shane Horo, Gary Freeman, Kevin Iro, Paddy Tuimavave, Sam Panapa, Michael Patton, Tea Ropati, Clayton Friend, Peter Brown, Steve Kaiser, Mark Horo, captain Ron O'Regan, Rene Nordmeyer, George Mann, Lindsay Hooker, James Goulding, Dean Lonergan, Peter Ropati and referee Bill Shrimpton.
Dean Bell was the New Zealand Rugby League's player of the year.
National competitions.
Rugby League Cup.
Auckland successfully defended the Rugby League Cup three times at Carlaw Park over the year. They defeated the Bay of Plenty 40-8, Wellington 40-0 and Waikato 82-4.
Interdistricts Series.
Auckland defeated the South Island 26-24 at Wingham Park.
National Provincial Competition.
Wellington won the inter-zone final, defeating Bay of Plenty in the final. They then lost to Auckland in the National Provincial final.
North Island Second Division.
The Wellington Emerging players side won the Second Division title for the third successive year. Midlands defeated Northland at the end of the season to earn promotion into the First Division.
South Island Second Division.
West Coast B won the Second Division, ending Canterbury B's nine-year domination of the division. They defeated Canterbury B, Otago and Southland on the way to the title. Glen Gibb and Bernie Green both played for West Coast B.
National Club Competition.
The national club competition, called the Lion Red League Nationals for sponsorship reasons, was won by the Northcote Tigers who defeated the Mangere East Hawks 14-12 in the final. The final was held at Carlaw Park.
In a qualifying match, He Tauaa (Southland) defeated St Kilda (Otago) 33-14.
Club competitions.
Auckland.
The Northcote Tigers won their first ever Fox Memorial when they defeated minor premiers, the Mangere East Hawks, 12-8 in front of 14,000 fans at Carlaw Park. It was the first time a North Shore club had won the Fox since 1941. The Te Atatu Roosters won the pre-season tournament, defeating the Mount Albert Lions 24-20. The Otahuhu Leopards won the knock out Roope Rooster, defeating the Glenora Bears 24-8 in the final.
Jason Lowrie, Marty Crequer, Gary Freeman and Shane Horo played for Northcote. Tom Conroy served as the Tigers trainer. Paddy Tuimavave, Tony Tuimavave and Kevin Iro played for Mount Albert while Mike Steafano played for the Marist Saints and Fred Ah Kuoi and James Goulding played for the Richmond Bulldogs.
Jarrod McCracken, Dean Lonergan, Michael Patton and David Bailey played for Glenora Bears. At the end of the season the Glenora Bears played the North Sydney Bears in front of 12,000 fans at Carlaw Park, losing 8-11. Dean Clark, Francis Leota and Tea, Peter and Iva Ropati played for Otahuhu Leopards while Ron O'Regan, Peter Brown, Mark Horo and Sam Panapa played for Te Atatu Roosters. Shane Cooper, who had joined from Mount Albert after 21 years with the Lions, and George Mann played for Mangere East Hawks. David Watson played for the Manukau Magpies.
Wellington.
The Upper Hutt Tigers won their second grand final in a row, defeating the Randwick Kingfishers 20-12. Tony Kemp, Barry Harvey, Sam Stewart and George Lajpold played for Randwick while Sonny Whakarau, Mike Kuiti and Adrian Shelford played for Upper Hutt. Robert Piva played for St. George while James Leuluai joined the Petone club mid-season.
Canterbury.
Minor premiers Halswell defeated Hornby 15-14 in the Canterbury Rugby League grand final. Hornby won the pre-season tournament.
Halswell defeated Cobden-Kohinoor to retain the Thacker Shield.
Brendon Tuuta, who had signed from Hornby, and Phil Bancroft played for Halswell, who were coached by Phil Prescott in his debut year. Ross Taylor, Barry Edkins and Mark Nixon played for Hornby, who were coached by Frank Endacott. Logan Edwards played for Marist-Western while Mark Broadhurst played for Papanui.
Other Competitions.
The Portland Panthers dominated the Northland Rugby League competition, winning 21 matches in a row.
The Frankton Albions won the Waikato Rugby League title, defeating Huntly South in the final. Vaun O'Callaghan played for Huntly South while Frankton included Jason Donnelly. Turangi won the Midlands grand final 5-4 while Kaiti dominanted in the Gisborne-East Coast competition.
In the Bay of Plenty Rugby League grand final the two form teams of the competition met, Ngongotaha and Pikiao. Ngongotaha, who included Mark Woods won 8-7. The Waitara Bears won the Taranaki Rugby League grand final, defeating Western Suburbs 26-12. The Omahu Huias defeated the Hastings City Tigers in the Hawke's Bay Rugby League grand final.
Runanga won its ninth consecutive West Coast Rugby League title, defeating Marist 12-8. Wayne Dwyer played for Marist while Jason Palmada, Glen Gibb and Bernie Green played for Runanga.
He Tauaa won the Southland Rugby League competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31178290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178290" title="Cukkemane">
Cukkemane

Cukkemane or Kukkemane or Cuckemane is surname or a family name belonging to members of the Havyaka Brahmin Community. They belong to the Gautama gotra; they originate from and are mainly based in Kodagu (Coorg), Karnataka, a state in South India.
Origins of Cukkemane.
Many centuries ago, a Brahmin family of Gautama gotra from Sagara taluka in Shimoga (Shivamogga) district in Karnataka migrated to the hamlet "Saravu" in Kodapadavu village in Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district. During a particular point in history, there was no male heir to continue the family. The then family members went to the Kukke Subramanya Temple & prayed to Lord Subramanya to bless them with a male heir. The bought home a "Shiva Linga" for daiy worship from the temple. Within the same temple complex, they also sought the blessings of Lord Lakshmi Narasimha, with an assurance to him, that he would be the "kuladevaru" or Kuldevta of the family henceforth. A male heir was thus born and the family continued. Then on the descendents of this family identified themselves as belonging to Cukkemane or Kukkemane deriving it from "Kukke" - the name of the Lord of Subramanya & "Mane" - which in Kannada means house, therefore the name meant the House of the Lord Kukke Subramanya. Prior to accepting Lord Lakshmi Narasimha as the Cukkemane family deity, Goddess Sri Durgaparmeshwari was the Kuladevaru or the family deity. Therefore even today some members of the Cukkemane in Saravu, worship Lord Lakshmi Narasimha as the Mane Devaru - God of the House, at noon and Goddess Sri Durgaparameshwari as the kuladevaru - God of the Clan or family, at night.
History and myth and fact.
It is said that centuries ago one of the ancestors of Cukkemane, was a staunch devotee of Lord Shiva and possessed a Shivalinga & worshipped it with a great devotion. As he sensed his life on earth nearing an end, he was worried as to who would perform the daily rituals and care for the lord at all times as he did. Possessed with this thought, he decided to instal this shivalinga in the "garbha gudi" - the sanctum sanctorum of the Lord Subramanya in the Kukke Subramanya Temple. Having done so, when his time came, he died, content with the knowledge that the lord would be well taken care of. However, many years later, some jealous elements, made of with the linga and it was not found for some centuries, until about 250–150 years ago it was found in the forest behind the Kukke Subramanya Temple, and re-installed. However, certain sections do not agree with the earlier part of the story and just reiterate that the latter part of it, about the idol being found in the forest is true and that nothing else is associated with it. Yet, many members of the Cukkemane family pay a yearly visit to the Temple and perform prescribed rituals for Lord Subramanya along with this particular Shivalinga believing it to be installed there by their forefather. Rituals are also performed for Lord Lakshmi Narasimha and Adi Shesha.
Caste, language and belief.
The Cukkemanes belong to the Havyaka Brahmin community of Hinduism & speak mainly in "Hosa" (new) Kannada as spoken in Bangalore, Mysore etc. & Havigannada (Havyaka Kannada) dialects. They belong to the Gautama gotra. They further follow and perform the rituals as per the Yajurveda among the four veda - the holy scriptures of the Hindus & are followers of the Advaita philosophy propounded by Sri Adi Shankaracharya. Among the "Math" they follow the Ramachandrapura Math and "Pontiff" head of the "Math", Shree Shree Raghaveshwara Bharathi Mahaswamiji is the "Kulaguru" - the divine mentor, teacher & instructor to the family as to many other Havyaka families as well.
Cukkemane today.
The Cukkemanes' primary occupation in bygone centuries was as per their birth into the Brahmin Community, "pourohitya" - priest. Since then the members have coursed through time & learning and acquiring new professional skills have gone on to various careers like pourohitya and agricultural landlords, coffee plantations etc., teachers and Government/revenue department jobs, lawyers, allopathic, homeopathic and Ayurvedic doctors, lawyers, judges, industrialists, military, naval & Air Force officers, engineers, bankers, Chartered Accountants, scientists, geologists, insurance agents, businessman, entrepreneurs, hotels/catering, research, jewellers and administrators. They are today still found in large numbers in Dakshina Kannada, mainly in Kodagu (Coorg) District, though many in the last 60 years have since migrated to other parts of India and the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31178292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178292" title="John Marchant (seaman)">
John Marchant (seaman)

Captain John Marchant served under Sir Francis Drake from 1585 to 1595, thus participating in some of the most important seafaring expeditions and naval encounters of the day. He lost his life near Nombre de Dios, Panama, a few weeks before Drake's own death.
Birth and Marriage.
John Marchant is said to have been born on July 18, 1540, in Yeovil, Somerset, England. He was married to Eva Cominge in July, 1568, in Yeovil. His son, John Marchant II, was born in Yeovil in September 1571.
Early Adventures with Drake (1585-86).
 In 1585, Captain John Marchant, along with Anthony Platt, was listed as one of ten Captains of companies serving under Sir Francis Drake in the expedition of that year. “Platt and Marchant became staunch adherents of Drake, the latter being Sergeant-Major to the Cadiz expedition in 1587, and both perished in the expedition of 1595.”
 Captain Marchant served aboard the "Hopewell" during the 1585-86 expedition, in which Sir Drake captured from the Spanish A) Santiago, in the Cape Verde Islands west of Africa; B) Santo Domingo, in Hispaniola; and C) Cartagena, in Colombia. After this string of victories, Drake and Marchant sacked and burned St. Augustine, Florida. On the way back up the Atlantic Coast, Drake and Marchant stopped at Roanoke Island, where a colony begun by Sir Walter Raleigh the year before had fallen on hard times. The colonists (all of them lonely men) decided to return with Drake to England.
Raid on Cadiz (1587).
 The Spanish Armada was amassing through 1587, preparing for an all-out assault on England. Drake raised 24 ships and headed to Cadiz, Spain, for a preemptive strike. By this time, John Marchant was Sergeant-Major in Drake's navy, serving on the "Golden Lyon". Drake's forces routed the ships in Cadiz Harbour; Drake then decided to take the Castle of Sagres, near Cape St. Vincent. His second-in-command, William Borough, was an older naval officer who considered Drake to be not much more than a glorified pirate. He refused to help Drake take Sagres, and was arrested for his insubordination and held aboard the "Golden Lyon". Captain Marchant thus came into command of this ship.
 After Drake captured Sagres, his ships were separated by a storm. He soon discovered that the "Lyon" had deserted; Capt. Marchant was found aboard the "Spy", having had to evacuate the "Lyon". Marchant reported that Borough had inspired a mutiny aboard the Lyon., and although the ship was on its way back to England and out of his reach, Drake called a court-martial and sentenced Borough to death. Borough was eventually tried and found not-guilty, blaming the whole affair on Capt. Marchant: 
 “Mr. Marchant used no resistance by force and violence to withstand their purpose (which he ought to have done). . . the authority of government was wholly committed to the said Captain Marchant. . .”
Last voyage with Drake (1595).
Marchant accompanied Drake on his ill-fated voyage in 1595, in which both lost their lives. After failing in an attempt to seize a Spanish treasure ship in Puerto Rico, Drake moved on to Panama and took the town of Nombre de Dios (Sp.: “Name of God”), near the modern-day Panama Canal, hoping to intercept the Spanish bringing gold from Peru over the isthmus. On January 2, 1595/96, Drake's forces marched up a hill only to discover at the last minute that the Spanish had hidden a fort on top of it. Twenty-some Englishmen were killed, including “Quarter-master Generall” Marchant.
Three weeks later, Sir Francis Drake himself succumbed to dysentery, and was buried at sea, in a lead coffin. Capt. Marchant was likely buried at the site of his death, in Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="31178319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178319" title="Acacia flocktoniae">
Acacia flocktoniae

Acacia flocktoniae is a shrub species that is endemic to Australia. 
Plants grow to between 1.5 and 3 metres high and have narrow phyllodes that are between 4 and 10 cm long. The cream to yellow flowerheads appear in racemes of 4 to 10 in the axils of the phyllodes. These appear predominantly between June and September in the species native range and are followed by straight or slightly curved seed pods which are 4 to 11 cm long and 5 to 7 mm wide.
The species occurs on sandstone in dry sclerophyll forest in the Blue Mountains in New South Wales. It was first formally described in 1916 by New South Wales Government Botanist Joseph Maiden in "Journal and Proceedings of the Royal Society of New South Wales", based on specimens collected from Byrnes Gap near Yerranderie. The species epithet honours botanical artist Margaret Flockton.

</doc>
<doc id="31178332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178332" title="Thomas Starling">
Thomas Starling

Thomas Starling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31178444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178444" title="Izatha">
Izatha

Izatha is a genus of moths of the Oecophoridae family. They are commonly known as Lichen Tuft Moths. The genus only occurs in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31178448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178448" title="Mirpur Bangla High School and College">
Mirpur Bangla High School and College

Mirpur Bangla High School and College is a school located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It has separate branches for both boys and girls. Mirpur Bangla High School and College is also known as Mirpur Bangla Uccha Biddalay O College(MBHSC) or simply as "Bangla School". The two branches are located at Mirpur-11 (Boys) & Mirpur-6 (Girls).
Students from this institution appears for both S.S.C and HSC public examinations. The Primary, secondary and higher secondary school academic subjects assigned by Dhaka Education Board.

</doc>
<doc id="31178469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178469" title="Dolnje Mraševo">
Dolnje Mraševo

Dolnje Mraševo is a small village in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31178474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178474" title="Izatha attactella">
Izatha attactella

Izatha attactella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from both the North and South Island as far south as mid Canterbury.
The wingspan 24.5–38 mm for males and 22–36 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to December.
Larvae have been reported feeding under the bark of dead "Elaeocarpus dentatus", "Aristotelia serrata", "Nothofagus", "Myoporum laetum" and "Rhopalostylis sapida", feeding on the soft inner surface of the bark. It has also been recorded from dead wood of "Castanea", "Litsea calicaris", "Olearia paniculata", "Pinus patula", "Pinus radiata" and "Sophora" species. Pupation takes place under the bark in an oval cocoon of silk into which fragments of chewn wood are densely incorporated.

</doc>
<doc id="31178480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178480" title="I'm Not Over You">
I'm Not Over You

"I'm Not Over You" is a 1994 song by the musician CeCe Peniston, originally recorded for her album "Thought 'Ya Knew" on A&M Records.
The single (in the UK available only as B-side of the "Hit by Love" release) achieved number two in the US Dance chart, and number ten on the R&B field. In the "Billboard" Hot 100 the song charted at number forty-one.
On B-side of the single was included "Searchin'", which was previously released only for promotional purposes, in support of the singer's "Thought 'Ya Knew" album.
Credits and personnel.
Additional credits notes
writers: Steve Hurley, Tonia Hurley, M-Doc
<br>producer, arranger, remix: Steve Hurley

</doc>
<doc id="31178482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178482" title="Cris af Enehielm">
Cris af Enehielm

Cris af Enehielm (born March 24, 1954 Helsinki is a Finish artist.
Cris af Enehielm graduated as a visual artist from Fria konstskolan in Helsingfors in 1977, and as an actress from the Theatre Academy in Helsinki in 1981. She is the mother of two sons; Andreas af Enehielm born in 1987, and Theo Theodore af Enehielm born 1993.
Af Enehielm appears and has worked as an actress, visual artist, performance artist, singer, director, costume designer, set designer, educator and lecturer and as teacher in acting at the Theatre Academy in Helsinki. She has also participated in a number of dance productions.
She has worked at the Raging Roses Theatre, Swedish Theatre, Klockriketeatern Theatre and the Little Theatre in Helsinki, Wasa Teater, Printing Theatre in Karis, the National Theatre in Stockholm, Sweden. In 2004, she directed a play at the Bellman's Festival.
She has also had several solo exhibitions, in Gallerie Pelin, Gallerie Anhava, Gallerie Forsblom, and Titanik Gallerie in Helsinki. She has also exhibited elsewhere in the country as well as in Paris and Stockholm. Her artwork has also participated in several group exhibitions in Finland, Russia, Cuba, Sweden and Denmark.
She has been a member of several performance art and music groups; Homo$, Jack Hellen Brut, Sarje ääni, Joan Bennet and the Museo och Transistors. As a member of performance and music groups, she has appeared on numeral international festivals and events (Sweden, Iceland, Denmark, Belgium, Egypt, Switzerland, Austria, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Macedonia, Poland, Russia and Hungary)
Her art is represented in several art collections, and her work has sold internationally.
She has worked as an actor in radio, television and film in Finland.
She has undertaken study tours in Asia and worked as an artist-in-residence at Cité des Art in Paris.
She sees herself primary as a multi-artist, and is interested in experimental performance arts. Her special interests involve humans and their destiny. She has studied various therapy methods, among them body therapy. She has also taken lectures at the University of Helsinki in psychoanalysis and philosophy. She claims to be an eternal student always learning something new.

</doc>
<doc id="31178483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178483" title="Moret–Lyon railway">
Moret–Lyon railway

The railway from Moret-Veneux-les-Sablons to Lyon is a French 492-kilometre long railway line, that connects the Paris region to the city Lyon via Nevers and Saint-Étienne. The railway was opened in several stages between 1828 and 1861. The section between Saint-Étienne and Saint-Just-sur-Loire was the first railway line in France. It has functioned as an alternative (but longer) line for the Paris–Marseille railway between Paris and Lyon. Its main use, besides local traffic, is now for the connection between Paris and Clermont-Ferrand.
Route.
The line branches off the Paris–Marseille railway at the Gare de Moret-Veneux-les-Sablons, and leaves in a southwestern direction. It follows the river Loing upstream, turning south near Nemours and passing through Montargis, where it leaves the Loing. At Gien it starts following the river Loire upstream along its right bank, in a generally southern direction. It passes through Cosne-sur-Loire, and the railway junction Nevers, where it crosses the Loire. At Saincaize the line to Bourges branches off.
From Saincaize, the line follows the right Allier bank south. It passes through Moulins. At Saint-Germain-des-Fossés two lines to Clermont-Ferrand (one via Gannat, one via Vichy) branch off. The Moret–Lyon railway leaves the Allier and turns east. It passes through the Monts de la Madeleine, northern foothills of the Massif Central. It crosses the Loire between Roanne and Le Coteau, where the shorter line to Lyon via Tarare branches off.
This is where the oldest section of the line starts. It continues south, parallel to the Loire, passing through Feurs and along Andrézieux-Bouthéon, where it meets the line from Clermont-Ferrand via Montbrison. At Saint-Étienne the line from Le Puy-en-Velay joins, and the line continues northeast through Saint-Chamond and Rive-de-Gier. At Givors on the river Rhône it turns north, finally arriving in Lyon after 492 km.
Main stations.
The main stations on the Moret–Lyon railway are:
History.
The first railways that were opened in France were primarily meant for freight traffic in the mining area around the industrial city Saint-Étienne. These railways were united in the "Compagnie du chemin de fer Grand-Central de France" in 1853, and at the dissolution of that company in 1857 the eastern part of the Grand-Central network was bought by the Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée.
The first section of the Moret–Lyon railway that was opened in 1828 led from Saint-Étienne to Saint-Just-sur-Loire. Saint-Étienne and Lyon were connected between 1830 and 1833. In 1834 the line was extended in northern direction from Saint-Just to Le Coteau, near Roanne. In 1850 a line from Nevers to Saincaize was built. This section was extended south to Varennes-sur-Allier in 1853, to Saint-Germain-des-Fossés in 1854 and to Lapalisse in 1857. Lapalisse and Le Coteau were connected in 1858. In the north, Moret-Veneux-les-Sablons on the Paris–Marseille railway was connected to Montargis in 1860. Finally in 1861 the section from Montargis to Nevers was opened.
Services.
The Moret–Lyon railway is used by the following passenger services:

</doc>
<doc id="31178484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178484" title="George Joseph (scientist)">
George Joseph (scientist)

Dr. George Joseph has made significant contribution to the development of remote sensing technology in India, especially in the field of earth observation sensors. "He is rightfully considered the pioneer of satellite based imaging sensors in India."
Early life.
Dr. George Joseph, born on 4 August 1938 to Advocate MG Joseph and Alice (Kaipanattu family, Puthuppally, Kerala), hails from Chengannur, Vydhianveetil family (a branch of Kaduvettoor family), Kerala, India. After completing schooling he joined St.Berchmans' College Changanassery and was alumni of Alagappa Chettiar college, Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu and University College, Trivandrum Kerala. He served as lecturer in Union Christian College, Aluva, Kerala and at CMS college, Kottayam,Kerala. Afterwards he was a trainee at Bhabha Atomic Research Center (BARC), Mumbai.
Dr. Joseph is married to Mercy (Kolathu Puliyelil family, Maramon) and they have two sons Joseph (Gibu) and Mathews (Reji).
Research career.
Dr. Joseph started his research career in 1962 at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research(TIFR), Mumbai, where he was involved in the study of cosmic rays. Based on his research work at TIFR he was awarded PhD degree by the Bombay University. A novel detector system designed by him was flown on the first Indian satellite Aryabhata (satellite) to detect solar neutrons.
Contributions to the Indian Space Programme.
In 1973, Dr. Joseph joined the Space Applications Centre, Ahmedabad-one of the centers of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO),and initiated the development of remote sensing technology particularly sensors of various types. He has been the guiding force in the design and development of all the earth observation cameras on board Indian Remote Sensing Satellite(IRS) and INSAT. He served ISRO in various capacities including Director, Space Applications Centre and took keen interest and initiative to ensure the fruits of space technology reach common man. One of the noteworthy contributions of Dr. Joseph is the study report on Indian Mission to Moon in the capacity as Chairman, Lunar Mission Study Task Force. 
Dr. Joseph has served in a number of national and international committees/organizations including President of Technical Commission -I of the International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ISPRS) during 1996-2000 and Director, Centre for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (CSSTEAP), (affiliated to the United Nations), with headquarters at Dehradun during 2006-2009.
National Recognition.
"Padma Bhushan" – 1999 by Government of India

</doc>
<doc id="31178492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178492" title="Echinocactus horizonthalonius">
Echinocactus horizonthalonius

Echinocactus horizonthalonius is a species of cactus known by several common names, including devilshead, turk's head cactus, blue barrel cactus, eagle's claw, horse maimer, horse crippler, and visnaga meloncillo. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it occurs in Chihuahuan Desert and Sonoran Desert habitats, particularly on limestone substrates.
Description.
This cactus is gray-green to blue-gray in color and spherical, hemispherical, columnar, or flat-topped in shape. It reaches a maximum size of about 45 centimeters tall by 20 wide. The body is made up of curving sections that twist around the body in a helical fashion. These sections are lined with areoles bearing up to 10 spines each. The pink, gray, or brown spines may be over 4 centimeters long.
The bright pink to magenta flowers are up to 7 to 9 centimeters wide. Flowers open around midday and close for the night. They also open after the plant receives rainfall, and although most of the flowers occur in June, they may bloom again in late summer and fall if rain occurs.
The fruit is hairy or woolly and pink or red in color.
The species is generally divided into two varieties. 
It is federally listed as an endangered species of the United States. Some populations are protected within Ironwood Forest National Monument in Pinal and Pima Counties in Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="31178501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178501" title="Izatha blepharidota">
Izatha blepharidota

Izatha blepharidota is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is confined to the northern half of the North Island.
The wingspan is 22.5–26 mm for males and 23–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to April.
Larvae have been reared from dead branches of "Pseudopanax crassifolius", dead rotten stems of "Ripogonum scandens", dead branches of "Coriaria arborea" and dead "Kunzea ericoides".
Etymology.
The specific name is derived from the Greek "blepharis" (meaning eyelash) and the adjectival ending -"ota", and refers to the delicate eyelash-like streaks in the subterminal part of the forewing.

</doc>
<doc id="31178503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178503" title="Eternal Lover">
Eternal Lover

"Eternal Lover" is a 2004 song by CeCe Peniston, who scored five number ones in the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart so far.
The single was written and produced by Fréderic Tharreau (better recognized as Bibi), who became popular after his own track "Something About The Music" produced under the name of Da Slammin' Phrogz reached at number fifty-three in the British UK Top 75
"Eternal Lover" was released on RLPMix Records in France, while on Vinyl Pusher Records for the Australian and New Zealand territories.

</doc>
<doc id="31178518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178518" title="Yukuk Shad">
Yukuk Shad

Yukuk Shad (Chinese: 欲谷設/欲谷设; ?- 653) was a Turkic ruler reigned in the final days of the Western Turkic Khanate. His name "Yukuk" means "Snow Leopard" ("Panthera Uncia") and title "Shad" means prince.
Early days.
He was a member of Ashina royal clan of the Turkic khanate. He was Illig Qaghan's son and spent his early years in the Eastern Khanate where his father reigned. In 627, he was assigned to suppress a rebellion around Tien shan but was defeated. Three years later, his father was also defeated and the Eastern Turkic Khanate dissolved.
Invitation from the West.
After the death of Tong of the Western Turkic Khanate in 628 (?), the central authority of the khagans among the West Turks was challenged by the leaders of the ten tribes collectively known as Onok. However there was also a competition between the two wings of Onok; i.e., the Tulo and the Nushibi . Ishbara Tolis who became the khagan in 634 tried to increase his authority by the support of Nushibi. But his camp was raided and he had to escape to Fergana (in modern Uzbekistan). But even after his escape, the leaders of the ten tribes preferred a khagan from the Ashina house to maintain the delicate balance between the two wings. Yukuk’s name was proposed by a certain Tun Tudun. Yukuk whose father’s territory had long been lost readily accepted the invitation. But it soon turned out that although he was welcome by Tulo, Nushibi tribes opposed him.
Yukuk as a khagan.
After a civil war between the two wings of the Onok, Ili River became the border line between the Nushibi (the south of he river) and the Tulo (north of the river ) by the Ili river treaty in 638. Yukuk assumed the title "Ilig Beg Tughluk Khagan " and became the khagan of the north side. By 641, Yukuk consolidated most tribes between the Ili River and Siberia (including those not a part of Onok group) under his rule. In 642 he raided Samarkand (in modern Uzbekistan) one of the wealthiest cities of the silk road. But the distribution of loot between the tribes caused problems, and he lost the support of Tulo tribes. Nushibi tribes, supported by Tang China, saw this as a chance to overthrow Yukuk. They elected Irbis Seguy (Ilig Beg Shekuei Qaghan) as they khagan. This election meant the end of Onok union. Initially they attacked Yukuk and forced him to escape to Isfijab (Sayram in modern Kazakhstan). They further laid a siege on Istijab . But although Yukuk got no help from Tulo tribes he managed to defeat them. After this victory, Yukuk tried to regain Tulo support. But Tulo leaders rejected his proposal. Yukuk, feeling insecure without tribal support, escaped to Kunduz (in modern Afghanistan) in 642
Later years.
Yukuk spent the rest of his life in Kunduz and died in 653. His heir was Inan (Jenchu). Inan was one of the last representatives of the family. But his authority was limited to a single city.

</doc>
<doc id="31178530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178530" title="Kolanukonda">
Kolanukonda

Kolanukonda is a village in Tadepalli mandal of Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Kolanukonda is located at . It has an average elevation of 10 meters (36 feet).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Kolanukonda village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31178551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178551" title="Frans Oerder">
Frans Oerder

Frans David Oerder (7 April 1867 Rotterdam - 15 July 1944 Pretoria) was a Dutch-born South African landscape, still-life and portrait painter, etcher and lithographer.
Frans was the youngest of seven children born to a municipal employee, Johannes Carolus Oerder. His father felt that art as a career was foolish, but agreed to his training as a decorator.
From 1880 to 1885, Oerder studied art at the Rotterdam Academy, winning the "King William III Gold Medal and Bursary", later touring in Italy and studying in Brussels under Ernest Blanc-Garin (1843–1916) with the help of a small inheritance from his father.
Following his brother, he emigrated to South Africa in 1890, and initially worked as house painter and decorator for the firm of De Wyn & Engelenburg. Pressed by a shortage of work he entered the employ of the Zuid-Afrikaansche Spoorweg Maatschappij and painted poles along the Delagoa Bay railway line.
In the 1890s, Oerder was, along with Anton van Wouw and James Smith Moreland in Cape Town, one of only three artists in South Africa with recognised professional training. In 1894, he took up the position of art teacher at the "Staatsmeisjesskool", which later became the Pretoria High School for Girls and at the same time rented a studio in Church Street East. He eked out a living by drawing newspaper cartoons and helping Anton van Wouw with commissions. A frequent visitor to the studio during this period was one of his art students, Pierneef.
In 1896, Oerder went on a painting holiday to Zululand, and arranged an exhibition of his work in Cape Town.
With the outbreak of the Anglo-Boer War in 1899, he was appointed official war artist by President Paul Kruger. His sketches and paintings from this bitter period are held at the War Museum in Bloemfontein, the Africana Museum in Johannesburg and the art collection of the University of Pretoria.
In 1903, after the war, and no doubt still remembering his Zululand trip, Oerder travelled and painted along the East African coast, contracting malaria during the trip. He was elected a member of the South African Society of Artists in 1905, and with the tide finally turning in his favour,
received several commissions to paint landscapes and portraits, such as that of General Louis Botha.
He found conditions difficult in postwar South Africa and in 1908 returned to the Netherlands via Italy. At first he settled in Brabant, but later moved to Amsterdam where he married a fellow painter, Gerda Pitlo, in 1910. Her interest in flower painting influenced him and he started on still life compositions, especially flower studies. His painting "Magnolias" was sold to the New York Graphic Society, becoming one of the most popular images ever and reproductions of this still life achieved record sales for the Society, Oerder receiving no royalties whatever. Oerder hadn't forgotten his ties to South Africa, and occasionally carried out commissions such as designing covers for the weekly magazine, Die Brandwag, and arranging an exhibition in Johannesburg.
He eventually returned to Pretoria with his wife in 1938. His work by now was widely acclaimed, and in a grand gesture the tower-room of the Pretoria City Hall was made available to him for use as a studio. Here he painted several important portraits, including that of Jan Smuts. He now had the time and inclination to travel and paint in the Cape Province, Natal and the Northern Transvaal.
Complications following on a bout of pneumonia left him debilitated, and he died in Pretoria in 1944. Throughout his career he had divided his output fairly evenly between landscape, portrait and still-life, with the Dutch influence always apparent.

</doc>
<doc id="31178553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178553" title="Sqlnet.ora">
Sqlnet.ora

In database computing, sqlnet.ora is a plain-text configuration file that contains the information (like tracing options, encryption, route of connections, external naming parameters etc.) on how both Oracle server and Oracle client have to use Oracle Net (formerly Net8 or SQL*Net) capabilities for networked database access.
Location.
The sqlnet.ora file typically resides in $ORACLE_HOME/network/admin on UNIX platforms and %ORACLE_HOME%\NETWORK\ADMIN on Windows operating systems.
Profile parameters.
This section lists and describes some sqlnet.ora file parameters.

</doc>
<doc id="31178565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178565" title="Blanche of Lancaster, Baroness Wake of Liddell">
Blanche of Lancaster, Baroness Wake of Liddell

Blanche of Lancaster, Baroness Wake of Liddell (c. 1305-c. 1380) was an English noblewoman. She was the eldest daughter of Henry, 3rd Earl of Lancaster and Maud Chaworth. Blanche was named after her grandmother, Blanche of Artois, who had ruled Navarre as regent.
Life.
In 1316, she married Thomas Wake, 2nd Baron Wake of Liddell, who had been under guardianship of her father. The marriage remained childless. 
The Bishop of Ely burned down some of her houses after her husband's death in 1349 and she took legal action against him. The bishop was rebuked by Edward III for this and was ordered to pay damages, but after that the bishop had her servant William Holm murdered. Edward then confiscated his possessions and made him ask for forgiveness. 
After her brother Henry died, she was one of the executors of his will. She lived on to see the start of the reign of king Edward's grandson, Richard II.

</doc>
<doc id="31178569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178569" title="Izatha voluptuosa">
Izatha voluptuosa

Izatha voluptuosa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from scattered localities in the central and northern part of the North Island.
The wingspan is 29–31 mm for males and 33–40 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to February.
Larvae have been reared from rotten logs of "Weinmannia racemosa".
Etymology.
The specific name is from the Latin "voluptuosus", referring to the large size and broad wings of the female, which attains the greatest wingspan (40 mm) of any gelechioid moth in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31178578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178578" title="Time of Hope">
Time of Hope

Time of Hope is the first chronological entry in C. P. Snow's series of novels "Strangers and Brothers". It involves the beginning of Lewis Elliott's life in poverty in a small English town at the beginning of the 20th Century. Elliott eventually befriends George Passant, who helps him study to become a barrister. Elliott moves to London and falls in love with Sheila Knight.

</doc>
<doc id="31178582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178582" title="Euclideon">
Euclideon

Euclideon Pty Ltd is an Australian computer software company best known for an unreleased middleware 3D graphics engine, called Unlimited Detail. Euclideon claims it is based on a point cloud search engine indexing system and that the technology can provide 'unlimited graphics power', surpassing the need for polygon-based rendering.
In 2010 Euclideon was the recipient of approximately $2 million, the largest grant awarded by the Australian Federal Government under its new Commercialisation Australia initiative. The funds provided by the grant will support the implementation of multi-platform functionality to Unlimited Detail allowing the technology to operate on a variety of hardware, including mobile phones and game consoles.
Unlimited Detail.
Unlimited Detail is described by Euclideon as a form of point cloud Search engine indexing system, which uses a large number of individual points to create models, instead of a more traditional polygon mesh. According to their description, the engine uses a search algorithm to determine which of these points are visible on-screen, and then displays only these points. On a 1024x768 display, for example, the engine would display only 786,432 visible points in each frame. As the engine is displaying the same number of points in every frame, the level of geometric detail provided is limited only by the amount of memory needed to store the point cloud data, and the rendering speed is limited only by the screen resolution.
This project was first showcased at the Australian Game Developers Conference in 2003, but only three video examples have been publicized since.
Euclideon have previously described their technique as being a voxel rasterizer, but decided to use their own terminology such as "3D atoms" and "point cloud", saying that "that word doesn't have the prestige in the games industry that it enjoys in medicine and the sciences".
The Unlimited Detail Engine was noted in a review of DigiDoc Scotland by CyArk, as "incredible" and "game changing". Shortly after, Euclideon was a sponsor and attendee at ILMF in Denver, 11–13 February 2013, showcasing Unlimited Detail enabled products.
In May 2013, another demonstration of the capabilities of the Euclideon 3D Engine showcases the Geoverse, where geospatial use is aimed with the newly offered SDK.
In June 2013 information came up that a significant number of staff was let go at Euclideon, nevertheless, the source (one of the members of redundant staff) reassured that clients were very impressed with the Euclideon's technology and plans are in place to develop the Infinite Detail engine to “a stage where it could eventually be utilised for games”.
Geoverse.
The release of Geoverse allows a large improvement in the viewing of terabytes of point cloud data from laser scans of cities and terrain. The point cloud can be viewed within a second of the file being loaded and the frame rate is high. Rather than being loaded into RAM the data is streamed from the hard drive or can be streamed from a USB drive or over the Internet. Rather than dozens of gigabytes of RAM, the software requirements recommend 2 GiB of RAM.
On September 30, 2013 - Merrick & Company's (a $116 million geospatial solutions, surveying, engineering, architecture, and design-build firm) Geospatial Solutions (GSS) group has announced that it has signed an agreement with Euclideon to distribute the Geoverse software product line.
In July 2013 - the Austrian company Meixner Imaging GmbH, part of Meixner Group - one of the leading European geospatial companies, have signed an agreement that appoints Meixner as the premium distributor for Geoverse software. Meixner is currently developing Euclideons global dealers network.
Criticism.
Euclideon has since released several interviews with CEO Bruce Dell in which he disputed the claims that Unlimited Detail is only a rehash of current technologies. Dell stated that the technology can display unlimited quantities of data by processing only the pixels and argued it was unique from other engines such as the Atomontage Engine. He also ran a real time and interactive demo of the engine on a laptop, utilising only the CPU under a software renderer.

</doc>
<doc id="31178607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178607" title="Izatha austera">
Izatha austera

Izatha austera is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread throughout the North Island, with a single South Island record from north-west Nelson.
The wingspan is 13–19 mm for males and 16.5–25 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to February.
Larvae feed during the winter in dead wood, including moist logs on the forest floor, and drier standing dead wood. They have been recorded from dead branches of "Aristotelia serrata", "Coprosma grandifolia" and probably "Coprosma robusta", "Cordyline australis", "Coriaria arborea", "Laurelia novae-zelandiae", "Litsea calicaris", "Melicytus ramiflorus" and "Olearia rani". They tunnel into the wood and produce copious frass, which is often conspicuous on the outside of the affected branch. Many larvae often occur together in a single branch or log.

</doc>
<doc id="31178609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178609" title="Brave Festival">
Brave Festival

Brave Festival - Against The Cultural Exile is a multicultural festival held in Wroclaw, Poland. It is one of the biggest cultural events in Poland (see ). It was created in 2005 by theatre director Grzegorz Bral. It is organized by the Song of the Goat Theatre Association, which has since run the festival as a non-profit organization for preservation and support of the marginalized or almost extinct cultures.
It is mainly music and theatre festival. It presents concerts, theatre, performances, rituals, prayers and art of the people, tribes, groups or individuals from all over the world.
Festival is non-commercial and all income is to be resend for development projects made by non-governmental organization Rokpa International.
Headliners.
2011.
The new edition called "Mask" will be held between July 2 and July 8, 2011
2010.
Brave Festival edition 2010 was called "Enchanters" and it was held between July 2 and July 9, 2010.
2009.
Brave Festival edition 2009 was called "Prayers of the World" and it was held between July 3 and July 11, 2009.
2008.
Brave Festival edition 2008 was called "Rituals: Out Of Africa" and it was held between July 4 and July 12, 2008.
2007.
Brave Festival edition 2007 was called "Drowned Songs" and it was held between July 7 and July 14, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31178612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178612" title="Nalla Thanka">
Nalla Thanka

Nalla Thanka is a landmark Malayalam film directed by P. V. Krishna Iyer, and produced by Kunchacko and K. V. Koshy. It was the second film produced at the Udaya Studios, the first being "Vellinakshatram" (1949). The film marked the debut of several artistes, including actors Augustine Joseph, Vaikom Mani, Miss Kumari, Miss Omana and S. P. Pillai, music director V. Dakshinamoorthy, and cinematographer P. K. Madhavan Nair. It was one of the first commercially successful Malayalam films.
Based on the legend of "Nalla Thanka" ("Nalla Thankal" in Tamil), the film had screenplay and dialogues written by Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai. Miss Kumari played the title role, while singer-stage actors Augustine Joseph and Vaikom Mani played the lead male roles.
Plot.
Nallannan is the King of Madhurapuri. His sister Nalla Thanka is married to Somanathan, the King of neighbouring country Ratnapuri. Alankari, the wicked queen of Madhurapuri becomes envious of the happy married life of Nalla Thanka. Years pass and one day, drought strikes Ratnapuri. Nalla Thanka and her seven children seeks refuge in Nallannan's palace. Nallannan promises all help while Alankari tortures Nalla Thanka. But Nalla Thanka hides the misdeeds of Alankari from her brother as she does not want their family life to be disturbed. 
Nalla Thanka is forced to leave her brother's palace. She decides to kill her children and commit suicide. She throws her children one by one into a well. Before killing herself, she prays to Lord Shiva to forgive her for the decision. Shiva descends and saves her life, and brings back all the children. Nallannan comes to know about his wife's misdeeds and he banishes her from the country. Meanwhile, Ratnapuri regains its glory and Nalla Thanka returns to her country to lead a happy life.The film is actually a remake of the Tamil film Nalla Thangal, which was released in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="31178615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178615" title="United Garment Workers' Trade Union">
United Garment Workers' Trade Union

The United Garment Workers' Trade Union (UGWTU) was a trade union in the United Kingdom.
The union was founded in 1915, with the merger of the Amalgamated Union of Clothiers Operatives with the Amalgamated Jewish Tailors, Machinists and Pressers, the London and Provincial Cutters, the London Jewish Tailors, the Waterproof Garment Workers Trade Union and the London Society of Tailors and Tailoresses. The Waterproof Garment Workers soon disaffiliated, but in 1919, the National Amalgamated Shirt, Collar and Jacket Society joined, and membership reached a peak of 102,000. In 1920, it merged with the Scottish Operative Tailors and Tailoresses Association to form the National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers.
The union's general secretary was Joseph Young.

</doc>
<doc id="31178618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178618" title="Thomas Benjamin Kennington">
Thomas Benjamin Kennington

Thomas Benjamin Kennington (7 April 1856 – 10 December 1916) was an English genre, social realist and portrait painter. He was a founder member of the New English Art Club (NEAC) and the Imperial Arts League.
Life and works.
Kennington was born in Grimsby in Lincolnshire and trained in art at the Liverpool School of Art (winning a gold medal), the Royal College of Art (RCA) in London, and the Academie Julien in Paris, where he studied under Bougereau and Robert-Fleury. He later moved to Chelsea in London.
He exhibited at the Royal Academy, London from 1880–1916, and also regularly showed his work at the Royal Society of British Artists (RBA) in Suffolk Street and the Grosvenor gallery. He was a founder member and first secretary of the "New English Art Club" (from 1886), and also founded the "Imperial Arts League", whose stated purpose was to "protect and promote the interests of Artists and to inform, advise and assist..." He won a bronze medal at the Exposition Universelle of 1889.
Kennington became known not only for his idealised paintings of domestic and everyday-life scenes but also for his social realist works. Paintings such as "Orphans" (1885), "Widowed and fatherless" (1885), "Homeless" (1890), and "The pinch of poverty" (1891), depicted the harsh realities of life for the poor in Britain in a manner that played on the onlooker's emotions. It has been suggested that he may have been influenced by the Spanish painter Murillo (1618–1682), whose work also featured street children. He painted in both oils and watercolour.
Kennington died in London on 10 December 1916. His son Eric Kennington (1888–1960) was also a notable artist, illustrator and sculptor.

</doc>
<doc id="31178625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178625" title="Izatha psychra">
Izatha psychra

Izatha psychra is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from two localities, in Canterbury and the Mackenzie Basin.
The wingspan is 20–21 mm for males. Adults are on wing from January to February.

</doc>
<doc id="31178640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178640" title="Rüdiger Frank">
Rüdiger Frank

Rüdiger Frank (born in 1969) is a German economist and expert on North Korea and East Asia. He currently lives and works in Vienna, Austria, as a tenured full professor of East Asian Economy and Society at the University of Vienna. Frank also serves as the Head of the Department of East Asian Studies in Vienna and is an adjunct professor at Korea University and at the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul.
Frank's main areas of research are socialist transformation in East Asia and Europe, with a focus on North Korea, state-business relations in East Asia and regional integration in East Asia.
Frank received an MA in Korean Studies, Economics and International Relations at Humboldt University of Berlin and a PhD in Economics from Mercator-University in Duisburg. Prior to his appointment as Professor of East Asian Economy and Society at the University of Vienna, he taught at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs in New York from 2002 to 2003.
Academic career.
Born and raised in East Germany and the Soviet Union, and having spent one semester as a language student at Kim Il Sung University in Pyongyang in 1991/1992, Frank is one of very few experts on North Korea who have lived in and experienced German, Soviet and North Korean socialist systems for a substantial period of time. He uses his equally rare combined background in Economics, Korean Studies and International Relations to analyze and comment on a wide range of economic and security issues in East Asia and North Korea from various perspectives.
Frank is Chair Professor of East Asian Economy and Society at the University of Vienna and Vice Head of the Department of East Asian Studies. He is also an Adjunct Professor at Korea University and the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul. He holds an M.A. in Korean Studies, Economics and International Relations and a Ph.D. in Economics. Visiting professorships have included Columbia University New York and Korea University Seoul.
Current academic positions.
His functions include:

</doc>
<doc id="31178641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178641" title="Izatha copiosella">
Izatha copiosella

Izatha copiosella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is found on the south-eastern North Island and throughout the South Island except the West Coast.
The wingspan is 15–20 mm for males and 19–23 mm for females. Adults are on wing from January to February.
Larvae have been found in dead elm wood ("Ulmus" species). They probably also feed on dead wood of "Sophora " species.

</doc>
<doc id="31178647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178647" title="Mehmet Gega">
Mehmet Gega

Mehmet Gega (born 1921 born in Tetovo, Republic of Macedonia; died 2006) was a teacher and an Albanian rights activist
History.
Early life.
Mehmet Gega completed his education in Tetovo. Under the policies of Aleksandar Ranković, many Albanian families were sent to Turkey. In 1955, Gega was sentenced to ten years in prison for obstructing the forced deportation of Albanian families to Turkey.
1968 demonstrations in Tetovo.
On the 18 October 1968, Albanian students and teachers boycotted the High Schools of Tetovo. The students and teachers were demanding the opening of Albanian classes. The opening of Albanian classes was proposed in 1967, but was rejected by Macedonian political bodies. On 20 October 1968, a parallel Albanian education structure was formed.
On 28 November 1968, also the national flag day of Albania, Mehmet Gega organised another protest with the citizens of Tetovo near the clock tower. 
On the evening of the 19 December 1968, the beginning of Eid ul-Fitr, Mehmet Gega organised all the mosques within Tetovo and the villages of Tetovo, to raise the Albanian flag from their minarets. Eventually, on the day after, houses and shops also carried out Albanian flags.
Around this time, many Albanian rights protests were organised around the Socialist Republic of Macedonia, Preševo and Kosovo in Serbia, and Montenegro.
Retaliation.
On the evening of December 22, Srečko Janevski, an ethnic Macedonian, tore the Albanian flag from the front of a tailor workshop in the centre of Tetovo. Outraged by this act, Gega and hundreds of Albanians gathered at the scene. Janevski, armed with a gun, fled the scene threatening the Albanians and hid in a hotel. The angry mob marched to the hotel and nearly broke into the hotel. The Macedonian police arrived and intervened, escorting Janevski to safety. Outraged that Janevski escaped retribution, Mehmet Gega's group took position to continue the protest. The next day on December 23, the protest turned into a demonstration. Around 11 organisers: Faik Mustafa, Ramadan Sinani, Ismail Emini, Hysniqemal Merxhani etc., were gathered before the shop were the incident took place. Measure of demonstrators, moved from the center toward the municipal assembly. Hamid Salim, a student, and some friends entered the premises of the municipality and in the window of an office on the third floor, raised the Albanian flag. Once notified by the guardians of the municipal police, there is caused a clash between demonstrators and the police. Demanding the release of prisoners arrested by the police, demonstrators then march towards the city market and the road that leads to Ferizaj. During the march, Albanian workers from the Tetex factories joined the march.
The demonstrators were holding banners and transparent national slogans:<br>
"Down with Macedonia"<br>
"We demand the opening of a university in Kosovo,"<br>
"We demand the free use of National Flag"
While endless masses chanting:<br>
"Constitution, Constitution!," Flag, Flag "<br>
"We teach in Albanian." Etc.
In late afternoon, the move from four to five thousand people (which was still growing) was gathered in the centre of the town. The Tetovo police as well as reinforcements from Skopje arrived. In this situation, enthusiasm followed by cheers and banners for national equality. before the crowd, 20-year-old Shifajet Fetahu, climbed a metal pole and put the national flag, raising the flag before the demonstrators.
Arrests.
Many of the protesters were arrested after the demonstrations. Mehmet Gega was sentenced to ten years in prison.
Aftermath.
Due to the events that occurred in Tetovo, as well as the protests in Kosovo, the new constitution, implemented by Edvard Kardelj in 1974, allowed the use of the Albanian flag within Yugoslavia, the opening of University in Kosovo, and Kosovo having the same privileges as republic states.

</doc>
<doc id="31178650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178650" title="Adinkra symbols (physics)">
Adinkra symbols (physics)

Definition.
In supergravity theory and supersymmetric representation theory, Adinkra symbols are a graphical representation of supersymmetric algebras. Mathematically they can be described as colored finite connected simple graphs, that are bipartite and n-regular. Their name is derived from West African symbols of the same name (Adinkra).
Other.
Gregory Landweber wrote an application for OS X, The Adinkramat for drawing and manipulating Adinkra. The project was started in collaboration with Sylvester James Gates, to assist in studying Adinkra.

</doc>
<doc id="31178680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178680" title="Cambio CarSharing">
Cambio CarSharing

cambio CarSharing is a carsharing company which was formed in 2000 as a merger of several carsharing companies in different cities in Germany and Belgium. Cambio is a member of Bundesverband CarSharing e.V. (bcs), the industry association of the traditional car sharing organisations in Germany.
Key figures and locations.
Currently, the cambio-group in Germany and Belgium has over 50,000 customers and provides more than 1,500 vehicles at 490 stations. The group is one of the three largest carsharing companies in Germany.
The locations of cambio in Germany are Aachen, Berlin, Bonn, Bremen, Bremerhaven, Bielefeld, Hamburg, Jülich, Cologne, Lüneburg, Oldenburg, Saarbrücken, Uelzen, Winsen and Wuppertal.
The cambio locations in Belgium in 27 cities, for example: Arlon, Antwerp, Bruges, Brussels, Chiny, Ghent, Hasselt, Kortrijk, Leuven, Lier, Liège, Mechelen, Mons, Namur, Oostende, Ottignies, Turnhout and Zwijndrecht.
Cambio partners with the Stadtmobil group so that customers of both groups can "cross book" cars at most locations (in Germany) of the other group, using the same smart card.
Using of vehicles.
The vehicles can be booked by customers via the internet or by telephone at anytime. The travel time can be between one hour and 30 days. Depending on the station and the type of car, bookings with no end time specified are possible. The booking is transferred within minutes to the vehicle station. At the station, the key safe or vehicle can be opened with a customer's smart card and after returning the car, the trip-data for billing is transferred automatically to headquarters. The number of kilometers driven and the trip time are calculated. Fuel, car insurance, taxes, maintenance and depreciation are included.
History.
The "cambio Mobility Services GmbH & Co. KG" was founded in 2000 by the merger of carsharing company "StadtteilAutoAachen", "StadtAuto Bremen" and "Stadtauto Köln". "StadtAuto Bremen" and "Stadtteilauto Aachen" worked separately since 1990, "Stadtauto Köln" since 1992.
In 2000 "Stadtteilauto Aachen" brought a newly formed subsidiary into the group, the "Saarmobil Carsharing GmbH". In October 2001, the Bielefeld carsharing company "CityMobil" joined the cambio Group.
In April 2003 the Oldenburg carsharing-club "StadtTeilAuto" was changed to "cambio Oldenburg" and also in 2003 "cambio Hamburg" was opened. "cambio Belgium" has been in Wallonia since 2000, since 2003 in Brussels, and since 2004 in Flanders. cambio Belgium has about 8430 customers and 405 cars at 171 stations (June 2011).
Since 2008 cambio exists in Berlin and under the name "GoCar" in Ireland (Dublin and Cork). 
Cambio has developed in recent years from a series of acqusistions including "Campus Mobile" in 2009 and "Carriba" of the Stadtwerke Wuppertal in 2010 (and continued the service under its own brand)
Since March 2011 cambio and Greenpeace Energy have provided fully electric vehicles, which are usable in the city of Hamburg. The vehicles are charged from the surplus energy of 100% renewable-energy power plants. In Cologne electric vehicles will be offered from March 2012.
Awards.
In 2010, the company's service in the cities of Aachen, Bielefeld and Cologne were awarded with the "Service-Test Engel des ADAC NRW".
In May 2011 the company was awarded for "environmentally-friendly transport services" and received the "blauen Engel" and in November opened two carsharing stations in Bonn.
Divisions.
The "cambio Mobility Services GmbH & Co. KG" itself operates no carsharing service, but provides central services, especially software and call center services, for all subsidiaries and partners. In 2005 the "Carsharing Service GmbH (CSS)" as a subsidiary was founded. The company offers, data processing and call centers for other carsharing companies.
"CarSharing" subsidiaries in Aachen, Berlin, Bielefeld, Bremen, Bremerhaven, Brussels, Flanders, Hamburg, Cologne, Lüneburg, Oldenburg, Saarbrücken, Wallonia and Wuppertal. There are various types of vehicles from small cars to vans, in five price classes, and which can booked by the hour, on a daily or weekly basis, on the spur of the moment or far in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="31178702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178702" title="Drganja Sela">
Drganja Sela

Drganja Sela () is a village in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. 
The local church is dedicated to Mary, Comforter of the Afflicted and belongs to the Parish of Vavta Vas. It is a medieval building that was restyled in the Baroque in the early 18th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="31178715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178715" title="Edward L. Poulton">
Edward L. Poulton

Edward L. Poulton (25 November 1865 – 1937) was a British trade unionist.
Poulton was born in Northampton and worked making boots and shoes from an early age. He joined the National Union of Boot and Shoe Operatives (NUBSO) in 1887, and was appointed secretary of its Northampton branch four years later. He founded the Trade Union Club in the town in 1890, and was president of its trades council in 1892, using the opportunity to help found the Midland Federation of Trades Councils. He also became a Liberal-Labour politician, and was elected to Northampton's school board in 1895, then as an alderman on the council in 1898. In 1906, he became the first worker to serve as the Mayor of Northampton.
In 1908, Poulton was elected General Secretary of NUBSO, serving until 1930. He was awarded the OBE in 1917, and served on the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress (TUC) from 1916, acting as its President in 1921. He was also active in the International Labour Office, serving as workers' vice-chairman from 1928 until 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="31178726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178726" title="Henry Elliot (disambiguation)">
Henry Elliot (disambiguation)

Henry Elliot was a British diplomat.
Henry Elliot is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31178734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178734" title="Yellow Bird Project">
Yellow Bird Project

Yellow Bird Project (often abbreviated YBP) is a Montreal-based company that collaborates with indie bands to raise money for various charities. They approach indie bands, asking them to choose a charity and contribute an original t-shirt design. Their designs are then printed onto t-shirts and sold online through their website to raise money for charities, each selected by bands. Some of the bands which they have collaborated with include Bloc Party, Broken Social Scene, Devendra Banhart and Of Montreal.
Publications.
In 2009, Yellow Bird Project published "The Indie Rock Coloring Book", an illustrated tribute to indie rock bands, with a foreword written by Pierre de Reeder of Rilo Kiley. They followed that up in 2011 with "The Indie Rock Poster Book". Both books (published by Chronicle Books) are intended to raise awareness for their initiative, its contributing musicians, and the charities which they support.
Music Releases.
Kristian Matsson, who performs under the moniker of The Tallest Man On Earth, wrote and recorded an original theme song for the Yellow Bird Project. The song, "A Field Of Birds", is currently available as a free download from the YBP website.
In December 2013, YBP released a 7" Christmas album, "Wishing for a Christmas Miracle with the Micah P. Hinson Family". The record includes covers of "Silent Night" and "Please Daddy (Don't Get Drunk This Christmas)", a song originally recorded by John Denver for his 1973 album Farewell Andromeda. All profits will benefit a children's home in Keller, Texas.
Documentary Film.
YBP is currently producing a feature-length documentary about Kathryn Calder of The New Pornographers and her mother's battle with ALS.

</doc>
<doc id="31178736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178736" title="Harry Elliott">
Harry Elliott

Harry Elliott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31178744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178744" title="Bank Saudara">
Bank Saudara

PT Bank Himpunan Saudara 1906 Tbk. is an Indonesia-based financial institution. Bank Saudara was founded in 1906 by ten merchants of Pasar Baru in Bandung, West Java. The Bank's products and services include savings and checking accounts, fixed deposits, credit loans and other banking services. As of January 31, 2014, the Bank is supported by 17 branch offices, 75 supporting branches, 16 cash offices, 47 automated teller machines (ATM) and 4 mobile offices.
On 14 March 2012, Bank Saudara announced a plan to merge with Bank Woori Indonesia, Indonesian subsidiary of Woori Bank of South Korea.
PT Bank Himpunan Saudara 1906, Tbk (Bank Saudara) has obtained approval from Bank Indonesia (BI) via an approval letter on December 30, 2013 related to the purchase of 27% (twenty-seven percent) Bank Saudara’s shares by the Woori Bank of Korea and the remaining 6% (six percent) has been approved in advance on April 16, 2013. Earlier this year, Woori achieved one of its long-awaited overseas operation goals ― Indonesia’s central bank approved Woori’s acquisition of a 33-percent stake in Bank Saudara.

</doc>
<doc id="31178747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178747" title="Izatha walkerae">
Izatha walkerae

Izatha walkerae is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the north-eastern South Island.
The wingspan is 18–20 mm for males. Adults have been recorded in November and January.
Etymology.
The species is named in honour of Annette Walker, who captured the holotype. Her contribution to New Zealand entomology includes revisionary work on Thysanoptera and Braconidae (Hymenoptera), popular books on New Zealand insects, and hospitality to the author and colleagues at her former home in St Arnaud.

</doc>
<doc id="31178768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178768" title="Ring of Truth (band)">
Ring of Truth (band)

Ring of Truth
Ring of Truth is an anarcho-punk band from St. Cloud, MN, active 2004-2011
Discography
Unity Split (w/Sheltered Resistance)- 2007 (out of print)
Love and Honesty Split (w/Restless Dreamers) (Acoustic)- 2007 (out of print)
Live at Cheap Thrills (w/BCMP)- Recorded 2007, released 2008 (out of print)
An Act of Love (Acoustic)- 2009 (out of print)
No Season First Run (4 tracks)- 2010
No Season Second Run (6 tracks)- 2011
Live on Undercurrents (2011)
No Season Third Run (Summer 2011)
Riots of Tomorrow (2012) (Tentative)

</doc>
<doc id="31178791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178791" title="Izatha florida">
Izatha florida

Izatha florida is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from north-west Nelson.
The wingspan is 14.5–20 mm for males. Adults have been recorded in November and December.

</doc>
<doc id="31178805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178805" title="Izatha mira">
Izatha mira

Izatha mira is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the western South Island, except north-west Nelson.
The wingspan is 16–21 mm for males and 17–23 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in November, December and January.

</doc>
<doc id="31178819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178819" title="St. Andrew's Church, Cologne">
St. Andrew's Church, Cologne

St. Andrew's () is a 10th-century Romanesque church located in the old town of Cologne, Germany. It is one of twelve churches built in Cologne in that period.
Archbishop Gero consecrated the church in 974, dedicating it to St. Andrew, although an earlier church at the site was dedicated to St. Matthew. In the 12th century, the church was rebuilt in the Romanesque style, and was probably completed after the great fire of Cologne in 1220.
In the crypt of the church lies a Roman sarcophagus from the 3rd century, which holds the remains of the 13th-century theologian and natural philosopher St. Albertus Magnus.

</doc>
<doc id="31178852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178852" title="Izatha notodoxa">
Izatha notodoxa

Izatha notodoxa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the northern South Island.
The wingspan is 19–23 mm for males and 22–23 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in October, November and January.
Etymology.
The name is a combination of the Greek "notos" (meaning the south or south-west wind) and "apodoxa" (referring to similar "Izatha apodoxa"), and refers to its more south-westerly distribution as compared to that species.

</doc>
<doc id="31178853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178853" title="Henry Miers Elliot">
Henry Miers Elliot

Sir Henry Miers Elliot KCB (March 1, 1808– December 30, 1853) was an English civil servant and historian who worked with the East India Company in India for 26 years. He is most known for "The History of India, as Told by Its Own Historians" based on his works, published posthumously in eight volumes, between 1867-1877 in London.
Early life and background.
Elliot was the third son, one of the fifteen children, of John Elliot, of Pimlico Lodge, Westminster, who was colonel commandant of the Westminster volunteers, by a daughter of John Coakley Lettsom, M.D. Born in 1808 he was educated from the age of ten at Winchester School, and destined for New College, Oxford; but the demand of the East India Company for civilians beyond the numbers regularly trained at Haileybury tempted him to try for an appointment in their service, and he was the first of the 'competition wallahs' to pass an open examination for an immediate post in India. His oriental languages as well as his classics and mathematics proved so good that he was even placed by himself in an honorary class (1826).
Career.
He was assistant successively to the collector of Bareilly, the political agent at Delhi, and the collector of the southern division of Muradabad; secretary to the Sudder board of Revenue for the North-Western Provinces; and (1847) secretary to the governor-general in council for the foreign department. In this capacity he accompanied Lord Hardinge to the Panjab and drew up an admirable memoir on its resources. As foreign secretary he also visited the western frontier with Lord Dalhousie, on the occasion of the Sikh War, and negotiated the treaty with the Sikh chiefs relative to the settlement of the Panjab and Gujarat, and received the K.C.B. for his services (1849). Throughout his official career he had devoted his leisure to study. At a very early period he conducted a magazine at Mirat which contained many valuable articles on Indian subjects. With a view to assisting the projected official 'Glossary of Indian Judicial and Revenue Terms,' he published in 1845 at Agra his 'Supplement to the Glossary,' which is rightly described by Professor H. H. Wilson as 'replete with curious and valuable information, especially as regards the tribes and clans of Brahmans and Rajputs.' A second edition appeared in 1860. His chief work, however, was the 'Bibliographical Index to the Historians of Mohammadan India,' in which he proposed to give an analysis of the contents and a criticism of the value of 231 Arabic and Persian historians of India, but of which he only lived to publish the first volume (Calcutta and London, 1849).
He was married to the daughter of W. Cowell, formerly judge at Bareilly.
Failing health compelled him to seek a change of climate, and he died on his way home at Simon's Town, Cape of Good Hope, 30 Dec 1853, aged 45.
Legacy.
His memorial exists at St. Paul's Cathedral, Kolkata.
Elliot left behind him manuscript collections which were placed in the hands of competent scholars for publication. His historical researches bore fruit in the "The History of India, as Told by Its Own Historians. The Muhammadan Period", edited by John Dowson, 8 vols. 1866-77, with a 'Sequel,' edited by Sir E. C. Bailey, 1886. His "Memoirs of the History, Folklore, and Distribution of the Races of the North-West Provinces" also found an editor in John Beames, 2 vols. 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="31178933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178933" title="A Different Kind of Blue">
A Different Kind of Blue

Miles Electric: A Different Kind of Blue is a 2004 DVD presenting footage of Miles Davis' performance at the British Isle of Wight Festival on August 29, 1970. The film presents interview clips from a range of those involved, including Chick Corea, Dave Holland, Airto Moreira, and musicians who were in Davis' musical orbit at the time such as Carlos Santana. It includes interviews with some of the band's participants.
This DVD was, for a long time, the only legitimately available recording of Miles' full Isle of Wight set. (Previously an excerpt had been distributed on a limited release 1970s LP of Columbia Records popular music, with the title, "Call It Anything.") A few years after its release, a CD was issued in 2011 with this performance, "Bitches Brew Live."

</doc>
<doc id="31178974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31178974" title="Air Charter Travel">
Air Charter Travel

Air Charter Travel is a provider of private aircraft hire and air freight charter services based at Gatwick Airport in England. The company offers jet hire, helicopter hire and freight services for individuals as well as companies across the globe from its UK base. Air Charter Travel was established in 1992 by Tim Procter and Steve Williams after they had worked together at Air London plc – the first broker of aircraft charters to float on the London stock exchange prior to its relaunch as Air Partner in 1999.
Tim Procter was Sales Director at Air London plc. His previous experience also includes handling special charter flights for VIPs and group travel charters at Dan Air and Instone Air Transport.
Prior to working at Air London plc, Steve Williams was at Monarch Airlines in roles from Flight dispatch to Operations control, working in Europe, the USA and Guatemala.
Air Charter Travel was formed under the umbrella of Caledonian Airways and Inspirations plc (a major tour operator). Inspirations plc was acquired by the US based Carlson in 1997. This allowed Air Charter to become its own entity and offer its services independently whilst continuing to maintain business links to Carlson.
Since its inception, Air Charter has been based at Gatwick Airport. It has access to a range of commercial aircraft. The aircraft that are most commonly chartered by large groups and corporations include the Boeing 757 and Airbus A320. Private individuals are more likely to charter a Bombardier Challenger or Gulfstream private jet or a Eurocopter helicopter.
To date, Air Charter has brokered aircraft to a range of celebrities including winners of the Oscars, BAFTAs and Brit Awards. It has also provided two aircraft to fly to the North Pole. Commissioned by a corporate client to allow the CEO of the company to send a broadcast to staff from the top of the world, Air Charter provided two de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters to make the journey. One aircraft carried fuel and touched down near Resolute Bay in Northern Canada while the second plane, carrying passengers, travelled onto the North Pole.
It has organized the transportation of 250 Reed Exhibitions Hosted Buyers from Gatwick to Barcelona as part of the EIBTM annual conference.
References.
(2010-12-01). "Air Charter Ltd arranges flight for 250."

</doc>
<doc id="31179008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179008" title="Volkert Overlander">
Volkert Overlander

Volkert Overlander (also "Volcker" and "Volckert Overlander") (7 October 1570 – 18 October 1630) was a Dutch noble, jurist, ship-owner, merchant and an Amsterdam regent from the Dutch Golden Age.
Biography.
Volkert was born in Amsterdam, the son of Nicolaes Overlander and Catharina Sijs. He studies law at the University of Leiden and finished at the University of Basel in 1595. In 1599 he married to Geertruid Hooft; his sister Gertruid (1577–1653) married Geertruids brother Pieter Jansz Hooft. The couple had ten children; Maria Overlander van Purmerland ∞ Frans Banning Cocq and Geertruid Overlander (1609–1634) ∞ Cornelis de Graeff. Volkert lived with his family at the cityhouse De Dolphijn.
In 1602 he became one of the founders of the Dutch East Trading Company. Between 1614 and 1621 Volkert became a councillor of the Admiralty of Amsterdam. In 1618 Volkert bought the Free and High Fief Ilpendam and Purmerland from the "Creditor" from the Count of Egmond. He built the castle of Ilpenstein in 1622. He was made first Dijkgraaf of the Purmer in early 1620s. He became an English knight in 1620. In the years 1621 and 1628 Volkert became mayor of Amsterdam. Between 1628 and 1629 Volkert became an advisor of the States of Holland and West Friesland. He owned 150.000 Guilder. He died in Den Haag, aged 60.

</doc>
<doc id="31179015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179015" title="Craig Brittain">
Craig Brittain

Craig Brittain (born 6 June 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Brittain, was born in Melbourne before moving to Cairns in his youth. He represented Queensland in the Teal Cup and was selected in the Under-18 tournament's "All-Australian" team. Although only 17, he was also a member of Windsor-Zillmere's QAFL premiership team that year.
The following season he joined North Melbourne and captained their Under-19s side. He played five senior games in 1984, his third year at the club, but knee problems limited his opportunities.
He continued at Windsor-Zillmere when he returned up north and in 1988 he captained the club to another premiership. The side was coached by his brother brother Wayne, the future Carlton coach. In 1988 he also won the Grogan Medal, by a considerable margin of 11 votes, from Ray Sarcevic. Windsor-Zillmere merged with Sandgate to form North Brisbane in the 1990s and he coached them to a first premiership in 1995. He joined his brother at Carlton in 2000 as a recruiter and scout but left after a year to coach the Brisbane Lions Reserves to the 2001 QAFL premiership. Involved with the Brisbane Lions ever since, Brittain has served in various roles including recruiting manager and development coach.

</doc>
<doc id="31179023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179023" title="Izatha katadiktya">
Izatha katadiktya

Izatha katadiktya is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the eastern South Island, and probably Hawkes Bay.
The wingspan is 21–27.5 mm for males and 21.5–30 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in October, November and January.
Larvae feed on dead wood.
Etymology.
The species name is from the Greek "kata", implying a downward direction (towards the base), and "diktyon" (meaning a net) and refers to the net-like basal blotch on the forewing, which distinguishes this species from members of the picarella complex and from "Izatha churtoni".

</doc>
<doc id="31179124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179124" title="Izatha apodoxa">
Izatha apodoxa

Izatha apodoxa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from scattered localities in the southern North Island.
The wingspan is 20.5–26.5 mm for males and about 21 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in December and January.

</doc>
<doc id="31179143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179143" title="Izatha acmonias">
Izatha acmonias

Izatha acmonias is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the western South Island.
The wingspan is 21–28.5 mm for males and 23–35 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in November, December and January.
The larvae probably feed on dead "Hoheria lyallii".

</doc>
<doc id="31179167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179167" title="Smarkets">
Smarkets

Smarkets is a sports betting exchange, founded in 2008 by Americans Jason Trost and Hunter Morris. It operates out of offices in Finsbury Square in London, and markets itself as the more "advanced trading platform" alternative to its larger rival, Betfair. Smarkets is backed by a consortium of European investors, including former last.fm chairman Stefan Glaenzer, Passion Capital and Deutsche Telekom 
As a betting exchange, all betting is peer-to-peer rather than against a bookmaker; Smarkets allows traders to agree odds amongst themselves. Establishing a reputation for its political betting, Smarkets also offers betting on sports, current affairs and popular culture.
Smarkets has been listed as one of 10 European start-ups to watch by the Wall Street Journal, and in 2012 was named in the Startups 100 awards as one of the UK's most innovative, inspiring and ground-breaking new companies.

</doc>
<doc id="31179172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179172" title="Izatha lignyarcha">
Izatha lignyarcha

Izatha lignyarcha is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known only from higher altitudes on the North Island volcanoes (Mount Taranaki and Mount Ruapehu), except for one specimen from Taupo and one from Masterton.
The wingspan is 24.5–30 mm for males and 24–31 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in November, December, January and February.
Etymology.
The specific name is derived from the Greek "lignys" (meaning smoke mixed with flame, murky fire) and "archos" (indicating leadership or command) and refers to the moth’s fearless occupancy of one active and one dormant volcano.

</doc>
<doc id="31179179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179179" title="Sara G">
Sara G

The 'Sara G' is an ocean rowing boat which holds multiple world records.
Build and specifications.
She was built in Australia in 2007 and is 11.1m long (36.4 feet) and 1.8m wide (5.9 feet). There are 3 rowing positions on deck with two cabins: one at the bow and a larger cabin at the stern. The hull is made of Duflex, a composite material with a balsa wood core sandwiched between fiberglass sheeting. She has one sister boat called the 'Vopak Victory'. She is currently owned by Matt Craughwell and docks in Christchurch, England.
Oceans crossed and records.
On the 30 December 2007 the Sara G crossed the Tasman sea by oar, setting a new record of 32 days. In 2009 she crossed the mid Atlantic Ocean, traveling from Morocco to Barbados in 57 days. On the same route in 2011, the Sara G broke the world record for the fastest crossing of any ocean. The record for the row is 33 days 21 hours and 46 minutes with an average speed of 3.9 knots.
Future rows.
The Sara G will row the mid-Atlantic route in Jan 2012, attempting to become the first sub-30-day crew. She will also be used in an attempt to break the Indian Ocean record in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31179209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179209" title="Izatha picarella">
Izatha picarella

Izatha picarella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the Nelson and Marlborough districts of the northern South Island.
The wingspan is 22.5–28.5 mm for males and 20.5–28 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to January.
Larvae have been reared from dead wood of apple (probably "Malus domesticus") and from dead branches of "Melicytus ramiflorus".

</doc>
<doc id="31179253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179253" title="Izatha metadelta">
Izatha metadelta

Izatha metadelta is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the North Island only, where it is rare north of Waikato and the Bay of Plenty.
The wingspan is 15–18.5 mm for males and 19–25.5 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in December, January and February.
Larvae have been reared from the under bark of dead "Aristotelia serrata", from a rather dry, soft fallen branch of "Hedycarya arborea" and from unspecified damp, rotten wood on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="31179266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179266" title="Mikhail Koyalovich">
Mikhail Koyalovich

Mikhail Koyalovich (1828, Kuźnica, Grodno Governorate – 1891). He studied at St. Petersburg Theological Academy, where he held the first chair of comparative theology and Russian division, then chair of Russian history of the civil and ecclesiastical, after the separation of the subject into two independent departments - civil Russian history. In 1859, published the first volume of his master's thesis: "The Lithuanian church union" in 1862. - The second volume of. In "Day" IS. Aksakov put his lectures on the western Russian fraternities and the history of western Russia (the latest edition 1884, with the application of ethnographic maps).
In 1865, on behalf of the Archaeological Commission, they issued Documents, with translation into French; in 1869, on behalf of the Academy of Sciences - "Chronicle of the siege of Pskov by Stefan Batory", on behalf of the Archaeological Commission - "Diary of the Diet of Lublin in 1569", with translation into Russian, in 1872. - "The Russian Historical Library", t. I, in 1873. - Doctoral thesis: "The history of reunification from western Uniates old days" (before 1800), in 1880, - Brochure: "Three raising of the Russian national spirit for the salvation of the Russian state in troubled times".
In 1884, published a part of the course Koyalovich on Russian history: "History of Russian national consciousness to the historical monuments and scientific writings". According Koyalovich, "in the history of the area of objective truth is very low, the rest inevitably subjective "and he followed so that subjectivism, which is more than all others "embraces the factual part of Russian history and the best illuminates the real and significant part of its". This Russian subjectivism Koyalovich found in the writings of Slavophiles. The same trends held Slavophile Koyalovich in their journal articles (mostly on the history of South-West of Russia), and in the speeches, of which is allocated a speech delivered at the St. Petersburg Slavic Benevolent Society speech on the topic: "The historical persistence of the Russian people and its cultural characteristics" (1883). He stood there for probably close communication between the Slavic tribes, to unite them under the banner of Saints Cyril and Methodius.
Full list of works Koyalovich cm. Article Professor Palm (Slavic Izvestiya, 1891, December).

</doc>
<doc id="31179267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179267" title="Marcus Cousin">
Marcus Cousin

Marcus Lynn Cousin, Jr. (pronounced coo-ZON; born December 18, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Krasny Oktyabr Volgograd of the Russian Basketball Super League. He played college basketball at Seton Hall University and the University of Houston.
High school career.
Cousin attended Randallstown High School in Baltimore, Maryland. During his junior season, he averaged 14 points and 7 rebounds per game. He also participated in the Charm City Classic All-Star game. During his senior season, he averaged 11 points, 7 rebounds and 4 blocks per game before sitting out the final two months with an ankle injury. Michigan State, Nebraska, USC and Massachusetts were all interested in Cousin, but he eventually decided to sign with Seton Hall.
College career.
In his freshman season at Seton Hall, Cousin played sparingly. In 18 games (no starts), he averaged 0.4 points and 1.1 rebounds in 6 minutes per game.
In his sophomore season, he helped the Pirates to an 18-12 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament against Wichita State. In 26 games (13 starts), he averaged 2.1 points and 3.5 rebounds in 13.1 minutes per game.
In 2006, he transferred to the University of Houston. Due to NCAA transfer rules, he was forced to sit out the 2006–07 season.
In his redshirted junior season at Houston, he finished third on the team in blocks with 22. In 29 games (no starts), he averaged 4.4 points and 4.0 rebounds in 13.8 minutes per game.
In his senior season, he had his best year of college basketball. In 33 games (32 starts), he averaged 10.9 points, 8.4 rebounds and 2.1 blocks in 30 minutes per game.
Professional career.
2009–10 season.
After going undrafted in the 2009 NBA draft, Cousin joined the Houston Rockets for the 2009 NBA Summer League. He later signed with Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi of Turkey for the 2009–10 season. In January 2010, he left Turkey and signed with Hapoel Gilboa Galil of Israel for the rest of the season.
2010–11 season.
On September 27, 2010, he signed with the San Antonio Spurs. However, he was later waived by the Spurs on October 22. On October 30, 2010, he was acquired by the Austin Toros as an affiliate player. On March 9, 2011, he signed a 10-day contract with the Utah Jazz. On March 19, he returned to the Toros. On April 11, 2011, he signed with the Houston Rockets for the rest of the season. He was immediately assigned to the Rio Grande Valley Vipers. On May 1, 2011, he returned to the Rockets following the conclusion of the NBA D-League season. On December 24, 2011, he was waived by the Rockets before the start of the 2011–12 NBA season. He did not appear in a game for the Rockets during his tenure.
2012 off-season.
In March 2012, he signed with Guaiqueríes de Margarita of Venezuela for the 2012 LPB season. However, he left after one game. In July 2012, he joined the NBA D-League Select Team for the 2012 NBA Summer League. In August 2012, he signed with Caneros de La Romana of the Dominican Republic for a short stint.
2012–13 season.
In September 2012, he signed with Kyoto Hannaryz of Japan for the 2012–13 season. In 57 games, he averaged 14.5 points and 9.7 rebounds per game.
2013–14 season.
On September 30, 2013, he signed with the San Antonio Spurs. However, he was later waived by the Spurs on October 15. On November 27, 2013, he signed with Krasny Oktyabr Volgograd of Russia for the rest of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31179269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179269" title="Maryland Scholastic Hockey League">
Maryland Scholastic Hockey League

MSHL.
The sanctioned teams compete from the beginning of November until the end of February with maximum number of games. The sanctioned varsity teams are divided into sections used by every sport under MSHL. 

</doc>
<doc id="31179278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179278" title="Yoh Iwasa">
Yoh Iwasa

Yoh Iwasa (born 1952) is a Japanese Mathematical Biologist who is considered the leading mathematical biologist in Japan.
His work includes the evolution of costly mate preferences and the evolutionary dynamics of cancer. Notable papers include:

</doc>
<doc id="31179300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179300" title="Jeanne of Dampierre">
Jeanne of Dampierre

Jeanne of Dampierre (c. 1225–1245/1246) was the only daughter of Margaret II, Countess of Flanders and William II of Dampierre.
In 1239, her mother arranged her to be wed to count Hugh III of Rethel. Margaret stipulated that her dowry should be returned in case the count died without giving Jeanne a child. When this indeed happened, the money was refunded. 
Jeanne was betrothed to Theobald II, Count of Bar in 1243 and married him two years later. She died childless not long afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="31179345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179345" title="Izatha balanophora">
Izatha balanophora

Izatha balanophora is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread in the North Island.
The wingspan is 19.5–27 mm for males and 23.5–31 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to March.
Larvae have been reared from dead "Kunzea ericoides" and from an unidentified rotten log on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="31179347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179347" title="Gerhard Ecker">
Gerhard Ecker

Gerhard F. Ecker is an Austrian medicinal chemist and expert in the fields of Pharmacoinformatics at the University of Vienna. He is the Professor for Pharmacoinformatics and Head of the Pharmacoinformatics Research Group at the Department of Medicinal Chemistry, University of Vienna. He also coordinates the research focus “Computational Life Sciences” of the Faculty of Life Sciences.
Career.
Ecker received his doctorate in natural sciences from the University of Vienna in 1991, became appointed Associate Professor for Medicinal Chemistry in 1998 and Full Professor for Pharmacoinformatics in 2009.
Ecker is Editor of Molecular Informatics and coordinates the EUROPIN PhD programme in Pharmacoinformatics. Currently he is also President of the European Federation for Medicinal Chemistry.
Research.
Ecker's research focuses on computational drug design which not only led to the identification of highly active propafenone-type inhibitors of P-glycoprotein, but also paved the way for development of new descriptors and virtual screening approaches for identification of new scaffolds active at P-gp. With the increasing knowledge on the importance of P-gp for ADME, his interest moved towards the prediction of P-gp substrate properties. Around 2010 he extended the studies also on other antitargets, such as the hERG potassium channel, as well as on the serotonintransporter, the GABA receptor and the insulin receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="31179351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179351" title="Cycling at the Summer Paralympics">
Cycling at the Summer Paralympics

Cycling has been contested at every Summer Paralympic Games since the 1984 Summer Paralympics.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function.
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics and earlier, classes were:
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, a functional para-cycling classification system was used.
Factoring.
In some cycling events, cyclists with different classifications compete against each other for one set of medals. Many (but not all) such events are factored, reducing the times of riders in lower classifications to take their greater impairment into account. Factoring percentages are based on average race times by riders in each classification.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, factored races included the mixed tricycle time trial, Women's C1–3 road time trial, Women's H1–2 road time trial and track C1–3 and C4–5 events.

</doc>
<doc id="31179358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179358" title="Wedding customs by country">
Wedding customs by country

African customs.
Ethiopia.
The Wedding procedure starts with the groom's side sending a representative who requests the marriage between the parties. Then an appointment is given and a verdict on the marriage is given. Before the wedding the Dowry (ጧሎሽ) is given as agreed. On the wedding day the groom and three or four "bestmen" (ሚዜ) go to the wife's house. At the house the wife's family and friends ceremonially block the entrance to the house. The associates must sing strongly and force their way into the house. The first bestman holds perfume and sprays everywhere inside the house.
Kikuyu.
Customarily, marriage proceedings often begin with the man proposing to the woman. Upon her acceptance the man then calls for a meeting with his clan elders who largely consist of extended elderly family members. A delegation carrying small gifts is then sent to the woman's home to meet with her clan elders. Deliberations on bride price actually begin on a later date and these are strictly conducted by the older men only. Upon completion of these negotiations, a wedding date is set, with the elders having provided an acceptable percentage of the full dowry. The rest of the dowry is expected later. No request is made for it, but the young man is expected to remember to finish his payment and failure to do so spells dishonor for that family.
The wedding day begins with a convoy from the grooms family that heads to the girl's home to collect her. However, the convoy is not immediately let into the girl's homestead. Rather the bride's gate is locked and song and dance begins as a cover for negotiations. Various goods may be asked of the groom and he willingly obliges to the demands after which he is let into the compound.
Nigeria.
Generally, there are three types of weddings in Nigeria. The civil marriage takes place at a registry, and then the religious ceremony follows. Finally it’s the traditional Nigerian wedding ceremony. Many couples choose to do all three, depending on their financial situation. Nigerian wedding images are normally characterised by lots of colours, dancing and music.
With the traditional weddings, customs vary slightly from one part of Nigeria to the other. In the Western parts it is called the engagement ceremony. Officials and elders sip wine while they invite the couple in for introductions and negotiations, and presentation of the bride price which consists mainly of gifts of shoes, textiles, jewelry and bags. This entire event is followed by a lot of festivity and fun.
In the Eastern parts of the country it is very much the same. Elders from both families retreat into an inner room to negotiate on the bride price. When concluded, the gifts are then presented to the bride's family. After this, the bride, along with her entourage of girls is presented to the husband, family and guests. Merry making follows after. Learn about the hausa wedding rites and tradition and Oron tribe rights and tradition by using the links.
Note that while a lot of these negotiation and dowry paying activities are taken somewhat seriously, they are simply customs passed down for generations. Abstaining from this process will not stop any couple from being legally married.
Pygmy wedding traditions.
Pygmy engagements were not long and usually formalized by an exchange of visits between the families concerned. The groom to be would bring a gift of game or maybe a few arrows to his new in-laws, take his bride home to live in his band and with his new parents. His only obligation is to find among his relatives a girl willing to marry a brother or male cousin of his wife. If he feels he can feed more than one wife, he may have additional wives.
Middle Eastern customs.
Arabic customs.
Although Christian weddings in the Arab World bear similarities to Western weddings, Muslim weddings in the Arab countries are influenced by Muslim traditions. Muslim weddings start with a Sheikh and Al-kitaab (book) for the bride and groom. A wedding is not Islamically valid unless both bride and groom are willing, and the groom is often encouraged to visit her before the wedding (as advised in many "aḥadīth" of the Islamic prophet Muhammad). However, these visits must be chaperoned to ensure purity of action between the two.
Iranian customs.
Persian wedding tradition, despite its local and regional variations, like many other rituals in Persia goes back to the ancient Zoroastrian tradition. Though the concepts and theory of the marriage have changed drastically by Islamic traditions, the actual ceremonies have remained more or less the same as they were originally in the ancient Zoroastrian culture.
European customs.
English customs.
The Western custom of a bride wearing a white wedding dress came to symbolize purity, not virginity, in the Victorian era. Within the "white wedding" tradition, a white dress and veil is not considered appropriate in the second or subsequent wedding of a widow or divorcee. The specific conventions of Western weddings, largely from a Protestant and Catholic viewpoint, are discussed at "white wedding".
A wedding is often followed or accompanied by a wedding reception, which in some areas may be known as the 'Wedding Breakfast', at which an elaborate wedding cake is served. Western traditions include toasting the couple, the newlyweds having the first dance, and cutting the cake. A bride may throw her bouquet to the assembled group of all unmarried women in attendance, with folklore suggesting the person who catches it will be the next to wed. A fairly recent equivalent has the groom throwing the bride's garter to the assembled unmarried men; the man who catches it is supposedly the next to wed.
The Wedding Breakfast is one occasion where every member of the family who has had at least some role in the wedding is present. It is also important as the first time the newly married bride and groom share their first meal together as a lawfully wedded couple. The word Breakfast comes from a more ancient tradition of fasting before the wedding ceremony, the Wedding Breakfast is therefore 'breaking that fast'. The modern Wedding Breakfast includes the service of food to guests that can range from traditional roasts, buffets, or regional treats such as in the case of a London Wedding in the 'East End'.
Another Victorian tradition is for brides to wear or carry "something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue" during the service. It is considered good luck to do so. Often the bride attempts to have one item that meets all of these qualifications, such as a borrowed blue handkerchief which is "new to her" but loaned by her grandmother (thus making it old). Another addition to this custom is to wear a coin in one's shoe to bring prosperity.
The full text of the verse is:
Scottish customs.
Scotland is a popular place for young English couples to get married since, in Scotland, parents' permission is not required if both the bride and groom are old enough to legally be married (16). In England it was the case that if either was 16 or 17 then the permission of parents had to be sought. Thus Scotland, and especially the blacksmith's at Gretna Green, became a very popular place for couples to elope to, especially those under 18 and usually living in England. Gretna Green now hosts hundreds of weddings a year and is Scotland's third most popular tourist attraction.
Celtic Handfasting.
Handfasting is a wedding ritual in which the bride's and groom's hands are tied together. It is said to be based on an ancient Celtic tradition and to have inspired the phrase "tying the knot". "Handfasting" is favored by practitioners of Celtic-based religions and spiritual traditions, such as Wicca and Druidism.
Finnish customs.
In Finland, a tradition is for the bride-to-be to go from door to door with a pillowcase, to receive wedding gifts. Often, an older, married man accompanies her, holding an umbrella or parasol over her head to shelter her. This symbolises protecting and sheltering the new bride. On the day of the wedding, the bride may wear a golden crown on her head. At the wedding reception, the Dance of the Crown is performed, where the bridesmaids blindfold the bride and dance around her. The bride then places the crown on the head of one of the bridesmaids, who tradition dictates will be the next to marry. Traditionally, the bride and groom sit next to each other in designated "seats of honour" at the wedding reception. The bride holds in her lap a sieve covered by a shawl, into which monetary gifts are put by the guests. In some weddings, the bride's mother-in-law or godmother will place a china plate on the bride's head, after which the newlyweds will perform the first dance (usually a waltz). When the plate falls and breaks, the guests collect the pieces. The number of pieces determines how many children the couple will have.
The last dance in a Finnish wedding is called the weaning waltz. All the female guests dance with the bride and all the male guests dance with the groom, including children. Each guest only dances with the bride or groom for a brief period before moving on. This custom was originally conceived as a test to see how quickly the bride and groom will "forget" each other (i.e. how long they will dance with each other before moving on to a guest).
French customs.
In France, only civil weddings are legally recognized (due to the concept of laïcité), they are performed in the town hall by the mayor (or another civil servant acting on his/her behalf). At least one of the spouses must reside in the town where the ceremony takes place. Since many people choose to also have a religious wedding, the religious ceremony often takes place immediately after the civil one. Town halls often offer a more elaborate ceremony for couples who do not wish to marry religiously.
If the two ceremonies take place separately, the civil one will usually include close family and witnesses. Once the civil ceremony is complete, the couple will receive a "livret de famille", a booklet where a copy of the marriage certificate is recorded. This is an official document and, should the couple have children, each child's birth certificate will be recorded in the "livret de famille" too. The civil ceremony in France is free of charge.
In smaller French towns, the groom may meet his fiancée at her home on the day of the wedding and escort her to the chapel where the ceremony is being held. As the couple proceeds to the chapel, children will stretch long white ribbons across the road which the bride will cut as she passes.
At the chapel, the bride and groom are seated on two red velvet chairs underneath a silk canopy called a "carre".
Laurel leaves may be scattered across their paths when they exit the chapel. Sometimes small coins are also tossed for the children to gather.
At the reception, the couple customarily uses a toasting cup called a "Coupe de Mariage". The origin of giving this toast began in France, when a small piece of toast was literally dropped into the couple's wine to ensure a healthy life. The couple would lift their glass to "a toast", as is common in Western culture today.
In south west France it is customary to serve spit roast wild boar (or sanglier in French) as the wedding breakfast, a local delicacy.
Some couples choose to serve a "croquembouche" instead of a wedding cake. This dessert is a pyramid of crème-filled pastry puffs, drizzled with a caramel glaze.
At a more boisterous wedding, tradition involves continuing the celebration until very late at night. After the reception, those invited to the wedding will gather outside the newlyweds' window and bang pots and pans; this is called a shivaree. They are then invited into the house for some more drinks in the couple's honor, after which the couple is finally allowed to be alone for their first night together as husband and wife. This practice spread throughout France as a way to celebrate special occasions. Decorative replicas of these special sabres can be purchased from artisans in Lyon, (the French capital of cutlery).
German customs.
Mostly it is the good friends who kidnap the bride. Here, the kidnappers go with her from bar to bar, the best man of the bride (or her father) or the groom have to pay the bill every time. The kidnappers go to a certain place, such as a public building, and leave a few pointers to help for searching. The exemption may be associated with a task for the groom, for example an artistic performance or wash the dishes for the next few weeks.
In Austria and Bavaria (preferably at country weddings), it is now customary to sing a derisive song before the freeing of the bride.
In Lower Austria it is customary for the masked men and the bride to go to the nearest coffee bar or tavern to drink sing and to wait for the groom comes. In most areas of Austria it is to the best man, sometimes the groom or the bride's father (rarely the best man) to pay the price of the kidnappers.
This ordinariness is due to the supposed 'right of the first night' (German 'Recht der ersten Nacht', French 'droit du seigneur') in the Middle Ages. According to myth the clergy and nobility in the Middle Ages had the right to deflower their female subordinates in their wedding night. Back then the brides was retrieved (kidnapped) from the vassals of the government from their Weddings. The historiography sees this right rather as a literary fiction.
Greek customs.
Two or three days before the wedding, the couple organizes a celebration called "Krevati" (Greek for bed) in their new home. In Krevati, friends and relatives of the couple put money and young children on the couple's new bed for prosperity and fertility in their life. After the custom, they usually have a party with food and music.
On the day of the wedding, usually Saturday, but also Friday or Sunday, the groom cannot see the bride until the wedding ceremony. The groom usually arrives first in church and waits for bride, who usually arrives late. After they exchange flower bouquets, they have the wedding ceremony, where the best man puts the wedding rings and crowns on the couple. The couple drink red wine from the same glass (between one and three sips, depending on the tradition). This is not "communion" in the formal religious sense, but about sharing the cup of life. At the end of the wedding ceremony, as the newly wedded pair leave the church, the guests throw rice and flowers for fertility and felicity. Special guests, such as close friends and family receive sugar-coated almonds (traditionally an odd number, usually seven but sometimes five) as a gift from the couple. Most Greek ceremonies are Orthodox.
After the ceremony, usually the couple hold a great wedding party in some place with plenty of food, drinks, music and dance, usually until next morning. The wedding party starts with the invited people waiting for the couple, who usually come after some time. They start the dancing and eventually eat a piece of their wedding cake. At some point during the party, they also dance the traditional zeibekiko (groom) and çiftetelli (bride).
In many places of Greece, where they hold a more traditional wedding, they usually play only traditional music and eat local food. For example in the region of Cyclades, they eat the traditional pasteli (solid honey with sesame) and in the region of Crete they cook rice with goat. In most traditional weddings, they bake whole animals like pigs, goats or sheep just like the Easter celebration. Before the church ceremony, especially in smaller areas, usually friends and relatives of the bride and the groom, accompanies them separately to the church playing traditional instruments, according to the region.
A typical Greek wedding will usually have more than 100 invited people (but usually 250-500) who are friends, siblings, grandparents, uncles, aunts, first or second cousins, neighbors and colleagues. It is common to have guests whom the couple has never met before. This is because the people who will be invited are usually determined by the parents of the couple and not by the couple themselves. Traditionally, the whole village would have attended the wedding, so very often the parents invite friends of theirs and their children, to the weddings of their own children.
There are many other traditions which are local to their regional areas. One famous tradition is the pinning of money on the bride's dress. This custom originated in one part of Greece, where it is a substitute for wedding presents, however it has become more widespread recently.
Italian customs.
In some parts of Italy, a party, known as a Serenade, is thrown outside of the bride's home by the groom. His family and friends come and wait for the bride, entertaining themselves until she appears. The groom then sings to his bride to further seduce her. Once his song is sung, the party ends.
The day of the wedding, the groomsmen try their hardest to make the groom as uncomfortable as possible by saying things like "Maybe she forgot where the church is".
It is also traditional for the grooms family to give a dowry to the bride and to provide the engagement ring. The bride's family is then responsible for receiving the guests of the wedding in their home for a reception afterward.
The color green is very important in the Italian wedding. In Italy, the tradition of something blue is replaced with something green. This color brings good luck to the married couple. The veil and bridesmaids also were important in an Italian wedding. The tradition began in Ancient Rome when the veil was used to hide the bride from any spirits that would corrupt her and the bridesmaids were to wear similar outfits so that the evil spirits were further confused.
An old Roman custom was that brides threw nuts at rejected suitors as they left the ceremony.
After dessert, more dancing commences, gifts are given, and the guests eventually begin to leave. In Southern Italy, as the guests leave, they hand envelopes of money to the bride and groom, who return the gift with a wedding favor or bomboniere, a small token of appreciation.
Polish customs.
In Polish weddings, the celebrations may continue for two or three days. In the past, the engagement ceremony was organized by the future groom as a formal family gathering, during which he asked his chosen lady to marry him. In the recent years this custom has changed and today an engagement is much more personal and intimate. An elegant dinner party afterward is still a nice way to inform the closest family members about the couples' decision to get married.
In some regions of Poland, the tradition to invite the wedding guests in person is still upheld. Many young couples, accompanied by the parents, visit their family and friends to hand them the wedding invitations personally.
According to the old tradition, a groom arrives with his parents at the house of a bride just before the wedding ceremony. At that time, both parents and parents-in-law give a young couple their blessing. The couple enter the church together and walks up to the altar followed by two witnesses and the parents. In Poland, it is quite unusual for the bride to be walked down the aisle or to have bridesmaids and groomsmen in a wedding. The couple is assisted by two witnesses, a man (usually grooms' side) and a woman (usually brides' side) who are either family members or close friends.
The Polish bride traditionally wears a white dress and a veil. The groom, on the other hand, usually wears a fitted suit with a bow tie and a boutonnière that matches the brides' bouquet. During the ceremony, wedding rings are exchanged and both the husband and wife wear them on their right hand. Right after the ceremony, the closest family and all the guest form a line in the front of the church to congratulate the newlyweds and wish them love and happiness. As soon as the married couple leave the church they get showered with rice for luck or guests drop coins at their feet for them to pick up. This is done to ensure a good and prosperous future for the newlyweds.
Once all the guests have showered the couple with kisses, hugs and flowers everyone heads to the reception. It is a custom in Poland to prepare "passing gates" on the way to the reception for the newlyweds who, in order to pass, have to give the "gate keepers" some vodka. This is a misinterpretation of an earlier tradition, where the "passing gates" were built if the bride was an orphan and money collected by "gate keepers" from the guests was handed over to the bride as her dowry (being an orphan usually implied poverty).
The married couple is welcomed at the reception place by the parents with bread and salt. The bread symbolizes the prosperity, salt stands for hardship of life, the parents wish the young couple that they never go hungry and learn how to deal with every day hardships together. The wedding party lasts (and the bride and groom remain) until the last guest leaves, usually until morning.
In Poland, movements like Human Liberties Crusade or Wedding of the Weddings promote non-alcoholic wedding celebrations.
Romanian customs.
Lăutari are Romanian musicians performing traditional songs. The music of the lăutari establishes the structure of the elaborate Romanian weddings. The lăutari also function as guides through the wedding rituals and moderate any conflicts that may arise during what can be a long, alcohol-fueled party. Over a period of nearly 48 hours, this can be very physically strenuous.
Following custom almost certainly dating back at least to the Middle Ages, most lăutari spend the fees from these wedding ceremonies on extended banquets for their friends and families over the days immediately following the wedding.
The wedding begins at the Town hall where the couple literally gets married in the presence of their closest friends and relatives. After that, they go to the bride's house where the Lăutari come and sing themed songs like "Ia-ți mireasă ziua bună" (Say goodbye, bride) while the bride, the groom and the couple's parents take part in a symbolic preparation for the wedding (the best man and the best maid put a flower on their chests, arrange the groom's tie and shaves him and put the bride's veil, all in front of a big mirror decorated with pieces of veil and white flowers, mirror that separates the bride from the groom). They then go to the church where the religious ceremony is performed. Afterwords they go to a restaurant where the banquet begins.
The newlyweds meet the guests at the entrance and they serve a glass of champagne while the Lautari sing the "Marș de intampinare" (meeting march). After all the guests have arrived, the couple breaks the ice and starts dancing a waltz. Later on, the chefs do ”Dansul găinii” (the chicken dance: they dress up a roasted chicken and decorate it and they dance with it while the best man negotiate the chicken's price with them).
Another tradition is bride kidnapping. A few friends of the newlywed stake the bride while the groom is not paying attention and take her somewhere else, usually to a club. The groom is then forced to negotiate the bride's price and to redeem it, but not until the "criminals" show evidence of having the bride ( a shoe, her necklace, etc.). Usually, the "thieves" ask for beverage. They then take the bride back to the wedding and as a punishment they are forced to dance a waltz with the bride lifted up.
It is normal to wish the bride and groom "Casa de Piatra" (Stone house) which symbolizes a solid marriage.
Russian customs.
A traditional Russian wedding lasts for at least two days and some weddings last as long as a week. Throughout the celebration there is dancing, singing, long toasts, and food and drinks. The best man and maid of honor are called witnesses, "svideteli" in Russian. The ceremony and the ring exchange takes place on the first day of the wedding.
Throughout the years, Russian weddings have adopted many western customs, including bridesmaids and flower girls.
During the wedding feast any of the guests can start chanting "Gor'ko" ("bitter") which usually is immediately supported by the rest of the guests. In this case bride and groom should kiss each other and the kiss should last for as long as the chanting continues.
Swedish customs.
In a Swedish church wedding, the priest generally doesn't say when the couple may kiss each other, in contrast to Anglo-Saxon traditions. It is probably because the kiss doesn't traditionally belong to Swedish wedding customs, but has relatively recently been associated with marriage.
In Swedish weddings, the bride and groom usually go down the aisle together, rather than the bride being escorted by her father.
South Asian customs.
Pakistani wedding customs.
A Pakistani wedding typically consist of four ceremonies on four separate days. It may consist of 3 days if the first function called "Mehndi" is done in a combined manner by both the bride and groom's family.
The first function is Mehndi in which the families get together and celebrate the upcoming wedding function. On this day, it is customary to wear either green, yellow, orange, or other vibrant colors. The bride-to-be gets her hands painted with henna, and songs and dances go on throughout the night.The next day is "baraat" which is hosted by the bride's family. This event is usually held in a reception hall, and the groom comes over with his family and friends; a large feast is given. The bride's friends and relatives are also present, and the Baraat event can be considered the 'main' wedding event as it is the largest one out of all the events. Then there is the holy ceremony of "Nikah" which is performed by a religious "Pastor" or "imam", after which bride and groom are declared as husband and wife.The Next day there is a function of "Walima" in which the groom's family is the host and the bride's family come over for a big feast.
On her wedding day, the bride-to-be can wear any color she wants, but vibrant colors and lots of traditional gold jewelry are typically worn. It is customary for the bride to wear traditional clothes such as a "lahnga", "shalwar kameez", or "sari". These weddings are also typical of the Muslim community in India.
Indian wedding customs.
Indian weddings take anywhere from five minutes to several days, depending on region, religion, and a variety of other factors. Due to the diversity of Indian culture, the wedding style, ceremony and rituals may vary greatly amongst various states, regions, religions and castes. In certain regions, it is quite common that during the traditional wedding days, there would be a "tilak" ceremony (where the groom is anointed on his forehead), a ceremony for adorning the bride's hand and feet with henna (called "mehendi") accompanied by "Ladies' Sangeet (music and dance)", and many other pre-wedding ceremonies. Another important ceremony followed in certain areas is the "Haldi" program where the bride and the groom are anointed with turmeric paste. All of the close relatives make sure that they have anointed the couple with turmeric. In certain regions, on the day of the wedding "proper", the Bridegroom, his friends and relatives come singing and dancing to the wedding site in a procession called "baraat", and then the religious rituals take place to solemnize the wedding, according to the religion of the couple. While the groom may wear traditional "Sherwani" or "dhoti" or Western suit, or some other local costume, his face, in certain regions, is usually veiled with a mini-curtain of flowers called "sehra". In certain regions, the bride (Hindu or Muslim) always wears red clothes, never white because white symbolizes widowhood in Indian culture. In Southern and Eastern states the bride usually wears a red Sari, but in northern and central states the preferred garment is a decorated skirt-blouse and veil called "lehenga". After the solemnization of marriage, the bride departs with her husband. This is a very sad event for the bride's relatives because traditionally she is supposed to permanently "break-off" her relations with her blood relatives to join her husband's family. Among Saint Thomas Christians in the state of Kerala, the bridegroom departs with the bride's family. The wedding may be followed by a "reception" by the groom's parents at the groom's place. While gifts and money to the couple are commonly given, the traditional "dowry" from the bride's parents to the couple is now officially forbidden by law.
Bengali wedding customs.
Bengali wedding refers to both Muslim and Hindu weddings in Bangladesh and West Bengal. Although Muslim and Hindu marriages have their distinctive religious rituals, there are many common cultural rituals in marriages across religion among Bengali people.
East Asian customs.
Chinese wedding customs.
Traditional Chinese marriage is a ceremonial ritual within Chinese societies that involve a marriage established by pre-arrangement between families. Within Chinese culture, romantic love was allowed, and monogamy was the norm for most ordinary citizens. A band of musicians with gongs and double-reed instruments accompanies the bridal parade to the groom's home. Similar music is also played at the wedding banquet. Depending on the region from which the bride hails, Chinese weddings will have different traditions such as the Tea Ceremony or the use of a wedding emcee. Also, in modern times, Chinese couples will often go to photo studios to take "glamour shots," posing in multiple gowns and various backgrounds.
Most regional Chinese wedding rituals follow the main Chinese wedding traditions, although some rituals are particular to the peoples of the southern China region. In most southern Chinese weddings, the bride price is based on the groom's economic status. The idea of "selling the daughter" or bride is not a phrase that is used often. Therefore, the price of the bride does not tend to be too demanding. Most of the time, the bride price is in the form of gold jewelry, fine fabric, money, or even a roast pig, which symbolizes that the bride is a virgin. Wedding presents are given by elderly couples or couples that are older than the newlyweds, while tea is served by the younger family members.
Japanese wedding customs.
Japanese customs fall into two categories: traditional Shinto ceremonies, and modern Western-style ceremonies. In either case, the couple must first be legally married by filing for marriage at their local government office, and the official documentation must be produced in order for the ceremony to be held.
Traditional customs.
Before ever getting married there are two types of mate selection that may occur with the couple: (1) "miai", or an arranged marriage and (2) "ren ai", or a love match. The Japanese bride-to-be may be painted pure white from head to toe, visibly declaring her maiden status to the gods. Two choices of headgear exist. One, the "watabōshi", is a white hood; the other, called the "tsunokakushi", serves to hide the bride's 'horns of jealousy.' It also symbolizes the bride's intention to become a gentle and obedient wife.
Traditional Japanese wedding customs (shinzen shiki) involve an elaborate ceremony held at a Shinto shrine. Japanese weddings are being increasingly extravagant with all the elaborate details placed into thought. However, in some cases, younger generations choose to abandon the formal ways by having a "no host party" for a wedding. In this situation, the guests include mainly of the couple's friends who pay an attendance fee.
Western-style customs.
In recent years, the "Western Style Wedding" (influenced by Christian weddings) has become the choice of most couples in Japan. An industry has sprung up, dedicated to providing couples with a ceremony modeled after church rituals. Japanese western style weddings are generally held in a chapel, either in a simple or elaborate ceremony, often at a dedicated wedding chapel within a hotel.
Before the ceremony, there is a rehearsal. Often during this rehearsal, the bride's mother lowers the veil for her daughter, signifying the last act that a mother can do for her daughter, before "giving her away". The father of the bride, much like in Western ceremonies, walks the bride down the aisle to her awaiting groom.
After the rehearsal comes the procession. The wedding celebrant will often wear a wedding cross, or cana, a cross with two interlocking wedding rings attached, which symbolize a couple's commitment to sharing a life together in the bonds of holy matrimony. The wedding celebrant gives a brief welcome and an introductory speech before announcing the bride's entrance. The procession ends with the groom bowing to the bride's father. The father bows in return.
The service then starts. The service is given either in Japanese, English or quite often, a mix of both. It follows Protestant ceremony, relaxed and not overtly religious. Typically part of 1 Corinthians 13 is read from the Bible. After the reading, there is a prayer and a short message, explaining the sanctity of the wedding vows ("seiyaku"). The bride and groom share their vows and exchange rings. The chapel register is signed and the new couple is announced. This is often followed by the traditional wedding kiss. The service can conclude with another hymn and a benediction.
With the two types of ceremonies, Shinto and Western, available it was bound for the two to be combined into what is called a contemporary Japanese wedding. Contemporary Japanese weddings are celebrated in many ways. On the beginning of the wedding day, the participants are to get ready at the parlor's beauty shop. The responsibility of the beauty shop is to dress the bride, the groom, and the other participants in the formal Japanese attire. Dressing the bride is an important task because the bride is to change into several outfits throughout her wedding day. Due to the complexity of the design, dressing a bride can be difficult and time consuming and for this reason the bride must be the first person to arrive two hours prior to the wedding ceremony. The bride's attire consists of an extravagant kimono, heavy make-up, a wig, and a head covering. An hour prior to the wedding ceremony, the guests and the groom should start to arrive.
When everyone is dressed in their formal attire, the bride and the groom are to separate from each other and meet their close relatives in a waiting room. The relatives present will appear in the family photo and will also attend the religious ceremony. During this gathering, the kaizoe (assistant) will inform the participants of what will take place and what they should do during the day since they are not familiar with the ceremony.
When all is understood, the relatives and participants are brought to the photo studio where the professional photographs are to be taken. Taking the photographs of the bride, the groom, and their relatives is considered to be the central part of the wedding day. The photographs of the couple and their family are designed to represent the couple's prospective future together.
After the lengthy photo session, the bride, the groom, and others are brought to the Shinto shrine. Nowadays, the Shinto shrine may be conveniently located inside a hotel where all the activities will take place. A Shinto priest conducts the ceremony. In the ceremony, the bride and the groom are purified. However, the ceremony's important event occurs when the bride and the groom exchange nuptial cups of "sake" also known as "san-san-ku-do". With the addition of Western tradition, the exchange of rings and weddings vows also take place. Those guests who did not attend the religious ceremony are able to view the ceremony on video screens located in the lobby.
Like Western-style traditions, a reception takes place right after the wedding ceremony. The guests of the reception include family members, friends, and colleagues. Due to the wedding industry's attempt to maximize time and space, the reception will last exactly two hours. The reception does not include any random activities, but follows a strict order of events. The reception includes dramatic entrances by the bride and the groom with special effects, speeches, and other performances.
Throughout the reception, the bride shall receive the guests' utmost attention because she changes two to three times for the dramatic entrances. With all the dramatic entrances, the groom will join the bride. For example, the first entrance includes the bride, the groom, and the "nakodo" couple. "Nakodo" means a "matchmaker" or a "go-between", which is usually referred to the husband. The "nakodo" couple plays such an important role that their names appear on the announcement of the wedding. The purpose of the "nakodo" is to symbolize a stable marriage. As the two couples appear a special effect of a cloud of white smoke will appear to surround them. Simultaneously, the hall lights are dimmed and the stage lighting will turn to the color of rose-pink; this astonishes the guests. Pictures are to be taken during the dramatic entrances of the bride and the groom. After the photographs have been taken, they will be led back to their table.
At this point the Master of Ceremonies will congratulate the newlyweds and their family. He/she will then introduce the "nakodo", who will start the opening speeches and more speeches will follow. Being that the reception is highly structured the speakers will have the idea of being formal and concise in mind. With all the speeches finished, the bride and the groom will perform the Western-style traditions, which include the following: (1) the cake cutting ceremony and (2) the newlyweds' first dance as husband and wife.
The next part of the reception is the toast, or "kanpai", which simplifies the mood of the reception where the guests can start to relax, eat, and drink. What follows the toast are the short congratulatory speeches made by relatives, friends, and colleagues. During this time, the bride has gone to change into her first costume and continues throughout the reception. However, the groom will also have a chance to change into his costume, which is the Western tuxedo. By the end of the night, both the bride and the groom have changed from their traditional Japanese attire to their Western-style attire.
After their last change of costumes, the newlyweds will perform the candle service. Both will have a long, unlit candle, which will be lit from the table where their parents are seated. Next, the couple will walk around the room in a circle and light the candles placed on their guests' table. Once all the candles are lit, the newlyweds will return to their table where they will light what is called the Memorial Candle.
By the time the candle service is done the two hours restriction will soon expire. The remaining few minutes includes short speeches, songs, dances, etc. As the reception ends a flower presentation ceremony will take place, which is where the newlyweds will present their parents with a gift of flowers to display appreciation for their parents raising them to the people they are today. At this point, the reception has ended with quick flashes and farewells.
Southeast Asian customs.
Filipino wedding customs.
The groom usually wears the Barong Tagalog during the wedding, along with the male attendants, though nowadays the wealthy opt to don Western attire such as a tuxedo. Weddings held within the same year by two siblings, usually sisters, called "Sukob" are frowned upon as it is regarded as bad luck. Some hold it that the wedding rings dropping to the ground is a portent of bad luck (this is usually said to the ring bearer to ensure that the child is careful in handling the rings). Money, in the form of paper bills, is sometimes taped or pinned to the groom and bride's dress during their first dance.
Malay wedding customs.
A Malay wedding ceremony spreads over two days, beginning with the "akad nikah" ceremony on the first day. The groom signs the marriage contract and agrees to provide the bride with a "mas kahwin" (dowry). After that, their hands are dyed with henna during the berinai besar ceremony.
On the second day, the bride is with her family and friends with musicians and bunga manggar or palm blossom carriers at the bride's house. At the house they are greeted with sprinkling of yellow rice and scented water.
Minangkabau wedding customs.
As a matrilineal society, the bride family will be the one who proposes to the groom. This tradition is called "maminang". If proposal is accepted, they will sign marriage contract. For the ceremony,"manjapuik marapulai ", the bride family will invite the groom, . Then they will be shown to the public as newly married couple
North American customs.
United States customs.
Most weddings in the United States follow a similar pattern to an English wedding. It traditionally follows the "white wedding" type (see also "Wedding types" below), which originates from the white color of the bride's wedding dress, but refers to an entire wedding routine. Customs and traditions vary, but common components are listed below.
Wedding gifts.
The purpose of inviting guests is to have them witness a couple's marriage ceremony and vows and to share in their joy and celebration. Gifts for the wedding couple are optional, although most guests attempt to give at least a token gift of their best wishes. Some couples and families feel, contrary to proper etiquette, that in return for the expense they put into entertaining and feeding their guests, the guests should pay them with similarly expensive gifts or cash.
The couple often registers for gifts at a store well in advance of their wedding. This allows them to create a list of household items, usually including china, silverware and crystalware, linens or other fabrics, pots and pans, "etc." Registries are intended to aid guests in selecting gifts the newlyweds truly want, and the service is sufficiently profitable that most retailers, from luxury shops to discount stores, offer the opportunity. Registry information should, according to etiquette, be provided only to guests upon direct request, and never included in the invitation. Some couples additionally or instead register with services that enable money gifts intended to fund items such as a honeymoon, home purchase or college fund. Some find bridal registries inappropriate as they contravene traditional notions behind gifts, such as that all gifts are optional and delightful surprises personally chosen by the giver, and that registries lead to a type of price-based competition, as the couple knows the cost of each gift. Traditionally, weddings were considered a personal event and inviting people to the wedding who are not known to at least one member of the couple well enough to be able to choose an appropriate gift was considered inappropriate, and registries should therefore be unnecessary. Whether considered appropriate or not, others believe that weddings are opportunities to extract funds or specific gifts from as many people as possible, and that even an invitation carries an expectation of monetary reward rather than merely congratulations.
Letters of thanks for any gift are traditionally sent promptly after the gift's receipt. Tradition allows wedding gifts to be sent up to a year after the wedding date. Thanks should be sent as soon as possible, preferably within two weeks.
African-American customs.
Jumping the broom developed out of the West African Asante custom. The broom in Ashanti and other Akan cultures also held spiritual value and symbolized sweeping away past wrongs or warding off evil spirits. Brooms were waved over the heads of marrying couples to ward off spirits. The couple would often but not always jump over the broom at the end of the ceremony.
The custom took on additional significance in the context of slavery in the United States. Slaves had no right to legal marriage; slaveholders considered slaves property and feared that legal marriage and family bonds had the potential to lead to organization and revolt. Marriage rituals, however, were important events to the Africans, who came in many cases come from richly ceremonial African cultures.
Taking marriage vows in the presence of a witness and then leaping over the handle of a broom became the common practice to create a recognized union. Brooms are also symbols of the hearth, the center of the new family being created. Jumping the broom has become a practice in many modern weddings between African Americans.
There are also traditions of broom jumping in Europe, in the Wicca and Celtic communities especially. They are probably unconnected with the African practice.
South American customs.
Brazil customs.
The South American country of Brazil features a host of traditions and customs within its culture. For Brazilian brides, these traditions lead to extravagant, fun-filled weddings.
The Brazilian culture is very rich with its numerous traditions, celebrations, and in many cases superstitions. Wedding celebrations are definitely inserted in this context. This is considered a festive event for the Brazilian society and thus it is usually celebrated with a lot of music, dances and overall happiness.

</doc>
<doc id="31179366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179366" title="2007 DFL-Ligapokal">
2007 DFL-Ligapokal

The 2007 DFL-Ligapokal was the eleventh and final edition of the DFL-Ligapokal. The competition could not be scheduled in 2008, due to fixture congestion caused by UEFA Euro 2008, and did not return in 2009. An unofficial Super Cup ran in these years, and was made official in 2010, as the DFL-Supercup.
The 2007 Ligapokal saw a minor format change, with the 2. Bundesliga champions (in this case Karlsruher SC) entering in place of the 5th placed Bundesliga team. The title was won by Bayern Munich, who secured their 6th win with a 1–0 victory over Schalke 04.

</doc>
<doc id="31179369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179369" title="World League Soccer 98">
World League Soccer 98

"World League Soccer '98" is an association football video game developed by Silicon Dreams. It was published in May 1998 by Eidos Interactive on the Sony PlayStation and PC, and by Sega on the Sega Saturn.

</doc>
<doc id="31179385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179385" title="Izatha churtoni">
Izatha churtoni

Izatha churtoni is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread in the North Island.
The wingspan is 18–31.5 mm for males and 24.5–30 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to February.
Larvae have been recorded in dead branches of "Coriaria arborea". One specimen was reared from a larva in
dead "Fuchsia excorticata". Further rearing records are from dead wood of "Alnus rubra", "Quercus" species and "Pittosporum tenuifolium".

</doc>
<doc id="31179388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179388" title="Yum Sin-ling">
Yum Sin-ling

Sin Ling Yum () was a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council from 1995 to 1997 and a district councillor for Kowloon City District of Hong Kong from 1994 to 1997 (Prince constituency). He is a founding member of a pro-Republic of China (Taiwan) political organisation 123 Democratic Alliance.
Yum contested in the Hong Kong Legislative Council election in 1998, but was unelected.
His son, Edward Yum, is a political activist in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="31179394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179394" title="Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta">
Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta

Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta () (UMS) is one of 164 Universities of Muhammadiyah (PTM) and one of the 1890 Private Higher Educational institutions (PTS) in Indonesia. Charity business education is determined to create a campus that promotes "Scientific and Islamic Discourse" to foster an Islamic culture that will instill in its students, knowledge and skills based on Islamic values.
History.
Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta (UMS) is an institution of higher education under Persyarikatan Muhammadiyah. UMS stands on the Decree of the Minister of Education and Culture (Decree no. 0330/O/1981 October 24, 1981) which changed its name from IKIP Muhammadiyah Surakarta.
UMS is institutionally derived from the Faculty of Teacher Training and Education (Guidance and Counseling) Jakarta Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta Branch, which was established in 1957. The founders included Mother Sudalmiyah Suhud Rais, Radjab Month Hadipurnomo, Muhammad Syafa'at Habib, Sulastri Gito Atmodjo, and KH Syahlan Rosyidi, among others.
On September 18, 1958, the new university was inaugurated by the Mayor of Surakarta Municipality, Werdhisastro HM Salih. It had 51 students and 7 employed lecturers. Capital assets at inception were derived from the FKIP Jakarta Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta Branch, located at Jalan Lieutenant Colonel Sudiarto No. 60 Surakarta.
The Deanof the college is Professor. Drs. Abdullah Sigit, Professor at University of Gadjah Mada University and the secretary Drs. M. Syafa'at Habib. The majors offered have opened up education in general and include, Public Economics and Islamic Studies, Islamic Religious Education - the Bachelor degree, all of which have a registered status.
In 1963, the majors were given the status equal to a diploma awarded at public universities (comparable to the Bachelor level) under the decree of the Minister of Higher Education and Science Number 106 / A in 1963.
In 1965, the Guidance and Counseling Branch of Muhammadiyah Surakarta received permission to independently establish two Higher Education institutions, namely the Institute of Teacher Training and Education (Teachers' Training College) Muhammadiyah Surakarta, under the coordination of the Ministry of Higher Education and Science and the Institute of Islamic Muhammadiyah (IAIM) under the coordination of the Ministry of Religious Affairs. IKIP Muhammadiyah Surakarta standing with the General Education majors (PU), Public Economics (EU) based on the Decree of the Minister of High Education and Science (No. 337/B-SWT/1965), and IAIM with majors MT / Islamic Religious Education and Programs Ushuluddin / Comparative Religion Religion bersadarkan Ministerial Decree number 21 of 1966.
In 1967, Muhammadiyah Surakarta IKIP added a department of Civic Law (CH) with Registered status as a parent and received permission from Muhammadiyah University of Central Java, consisting of Muhammadiyah IKIP Klaten, Magelang, Holy, Purwokerto, Kebumen, Wates, Waterford, Wonogiri, Sukoharjo, Karanganyar, Banjarnegara, Prambanan, Purbalingga, Wonosari, and Sragen. Once developed, the support these branches received was withdrawn as they had matured and could be run as independent colleges, such as Muhammadiyah Purwokerto Teachers' Training College, Teachers' Training College and Teachers' Training College Purworejo Muhammadiyah Muhammadiyah Magelang.
In 1979, Drs. H. Mohamd Djazman, then director of Muhammadiyah Surakarta IKIP, initiated the founding of Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta Muhammadiyah Surakarta by combining the Teachers' Training College and IAIM Surakarta. The initiative was later realized with a decree from the Minister of Education and Culture No 0330/O/1981 about the changing status of Muhammadiyah IKIP of Surakarta became Muhammadiyah University of Surakarta.
As a strengthening of institutions, UMS manages several faculties, namely Guidance and Counseling, the Faculty of Economics, the Faculty of Law,the Faculty of Engineering, and the Faculty of Religion of Islam (FAI). In 1983/1984, UMS opened the Faculty of Psychology and the Faculty of Geography.
In line with the demands and development of society, some faculties are developed by opening new departments such as the Faculty of Economics, Department of Economics of Development Studies, Faculty of Engineering with the Department of Architecture, Electrical, Chemical Engineering, and Industrial Engineering. In 1993/1994 UMS opening Associate Expert Health Education program (D3) with the Department of Nursing, Physiotherapy, Nutrition, and Environmental Health. Year 1995/1996 opened the Graduate Program in the Masters program in Islamic Studies (MSI). Subsequently the Faculty of Pharmacy and Master in Management (MM) was opened in 1999 and the Master of Legal Studies, Civil Engineering, and Management Education were opened in 2001. The Faculty of Health Sciences, majoring in Public Health, Nursing, Physiotherapy was opened in 2003/2004 S1 and D4, and following the Doctor of Education courses were opened in the academic year 2004/2005. In the development of four recent studies the program is integrated with the program D-3 with the name of the Faculty of Health Medicine. In 2005, UMS received permission to open the program to meet another Master's Degree in Psychology and Language Assessment Masters program in 2006. In 2006, the Teacher Training and Education Program opened a new department D2 Teacher Education Kindergarten (PGTK). In 2006 also opened the Faculty of Communications and Information Technology with a department of Communication Studies, followed by the opening of Informatics Engineering (Software) in 2007. In 2007 FKIP also opened a new department, namely the Primary School Teacher Education (PGSD). Year 2007 also marked with UMS step toward world-class university that is with the opening of the International program UMS cooperation with Kingston University in England to study automotive engineering program and UMS co-operation with University Kebangsaan Malaysia for a course of Business Administration and Medical Law. Until now, UMS manages 42 (forty two) courses of study and 2 (two) international programs. In addition, UMS also provides professional education for pharmacists, psychologists, lawyers, nurses, and teachers. The foundation for world-class university to become stronger with the inclusion of UMS in the 50 Promissing Indonesian Universities.
Faculties and Studies Program.
Surakarta Muhammadiyah University consists of 11 Faculties:

</doc>
<doc id="31179397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179397" title="Nanson, Western Australia">
Nanson, Western Australia

Nanson is a small town in the Mid West region of Western Australia, between the city of Geraldton and the town of Northampton. The town is situated on the banks of the Chapman River in the Chapman Valley. At the 2006 census, Nanson had a population of 386.
The surrounding area was settled in the 1850s when the property of "Mount Erin" was established by Michael Morrissey. In 1909 the government began to plan the Upper Chapman railway and local farmers petitioned to have a town established at the 12 mile siding. The railway was opened in 1910 and the siding was named Lauder Siding, the locals then petitioned to have the name changed to Nansonville, named for the local Member of Parliament John Nanson. The Minister for Lands agreed to change the name to Nanson and the town was gazetted in 1910. The railway siding was renamed as Mount Erin in 1912 by the Railways Department which was used locally as the town's name, as well as for an agricultural estate surrounding the town. In 1915 the railway siding was renamed "Nanson" to prevent any confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="31179416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179416" title="Barrow Helbert Ellis">
Barrow Helbert Ellis

Sir Barrow Helbert Ellis (1823–1887) was an Anglo-Indian civil servant who held several prominent posts in India during the time of British colonial rule.
Education.
Ellis, born in London on 24 January 1823, was the son of S. Helbert Ellis – a prominent member of the Jewish community in London – and Fanny Ellis, daughter of Samuel Lyons de Symons. Educated at University College School, he matriculated at London University in 1839 and went to Haileybury. There he distinguished himself in all branches of study, and left in 1843 as senior student to enter the civil service of Bombay.
Career.
His first appointment in India was as third assistant-collector and magistrate of Ratnagiri district; he was promoted to the post of second assistant in 1847, and in 1848 was made commissioner for investigating certain claims upon the Nizam's government. In 1851, Ellis arrived in Sindh as assistant-commissioner, and from 1855 to 1857 was in charge of the offices of chief commissioner during the absence in England of Sir Henry Bartle Frere. He was made special commissioner for jagirs or alienated lands in the province, before leaving Sindh in 1858. In 1859, he was collector and magistrate at Bharuch district, and, after serving as chief secretary of the Bombay government, was nominated an additional member in 1862 and an ordinary member in 1865 of the Bombay council. Five years later, he was promoted to the Viceroy's council.
Later life.
In 1875, Ellis returned to England, and was made not only K.C.S.I. but a member of the Indian council in London. He took a prominent part in the affairs of the Jewish community of London, being vice-president of the Anglo-Jewish Association and of the Jews' College, where a portrait has since been placed. He published a report on education in Sindh (Bombay, 1856), and edited George Stack's "Dictionary of Sindhi and English" (Bombay, 1855). He was an active member of the Royal Asiatic Society, which he joined in 1876, and founded a prize in Bombay University; a scholarship there was established in his honour in 1875. In 1885, he retired from the Indian council, on whose deliberations he had exerted much influence. He died at Evian-les-Bains, France, on 20 June 1887, and was buried in the Jewish cemetery at Willesden, Middlesex, on 28 June. 
Ellis was highly regarded by his contemporaries; Sir George Birdwood described him as "one of the ablest revenue officers of the Bombay Presidency". While at Bombay, Ellis was exceptionally popular with all classes of native Indians. He was at all times accessible to them, both in India and England, and the native newspapers eulogised him unstintedly at the time of his death. He left a sum of 2,500l. in trust for the poor of Ratnajiri, his first official charge. He was not married.

</doc>
<doc id="31179462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179462" title="Izatha dulcior">
Izatha dulcior

Izatha dulcior is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the Poor Knights Islands.
The wingspan is 18.5–24.5 mm for males and 19.5–20.5 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in early December.
Etymology.
The name is derived from the Latin "dulcior" (meaning gentler), and refers to the lack of deciduous cornuti in the vesica of the male, as well as the lack of a sharp point on the outer edge of the forewing basal fascia, the features that distinguish the species from "Izatha epiphanes".

</doc>
<doc id="31179481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179481" title="1992–93 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1992–93 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1992–93 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Regular season.
After sitting out a season, Andy Kaufmann returned for the 1992-93 campaign and helped lead Illinois to a 19-13 record and trip to the
NCAA Tournament.
Schedule.
Source 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
!!colspan=6| NCAA Tournament 
 

</doc>
<doc id="31179515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179515" title="Manasa (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Manasa (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Manasa Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951 as one of the 79 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Madhya Bharat state.
Overview.
Manasa (constituency number 228) is one of the 3 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Neemuch district. This constituency covers the entire Manasa tehsil of the district.
Manasa is part of Mandsour Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Neemuch and Jawad in this district, Jaora in Ratlam district and Mandsour, Malhargarh, Suwasra and Garoth in Mandsaur district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As a constituency of Madhya Bharat state:
As a constituency of Madhya Pradesh state:

</doc>
<doc id="31179527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179527" title="Arthur Ayres Ellis">
Arthur Ayres Ellis

Arthur Ayres Ellis (1830, Birmingham - 22 March 1887) was a Greek Testament critic.
Arthur Ayres Ellis was born in 1830 at Birmingham, the son of Charles Ellis of Birmingham. He was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham, under Dr. Lee. He entered Trinity College, Cambridge, as a subsizar in 1848, graduated as ninth in the first class of the classical tripos in 1852, was elected fellow in 1854, and took the degree of M.A. in 1855. He was ordained soon afterwards, and filled the office of junior dean of his college, and that of divinity lecturer at Christ's College. In 1860 he was presented by Trinity College to the vicarage of Stotfold in Bedfordshire, where he remained till his death on 22 March 1887. 
While resident in college he gave a great deal of attention to Richard Bentley's preparations for his edition of the Greek Testament, and in 1862 he published at Cambridge the volume entitled "Bentleii Critica Sacra", which contains a considerable portion of Bentley's notes extracted from his manuscripts in Trinity College Library, with the Abbé Rulotta's collation of the Vatican Codex (B), an edition of the 'Epistle to the Galatians' given as a specimen of Bentley's intended edition, and an account of his collations.

</doc>
<doc id="31179555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179555" title="Schoenfels Castle">
Schoenfels Castle

Schoenfels Castle (), with a history dating back to the 12th century, is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles in central Luxembourg. Located in the village of Schoenfels in the Mamer Valley between Kopstal and Mersch, it now belongs to the State of Luxembourg. 
History.
The castle appears to have been built by Friedrich of Schonevels in 1292. Through marriage, it subsequently belonged to the families of Ansembourg and Sanem. In the 16th century, Henri Schloeder of Lachen became the owner and the Lord of Schoenfels and Busbach. His arms are to found on the keep. In 1683, the French destroyed the castle's defences and in 1690 the castle and the village were burnt down after a dispute between Theodor von Neunheuser and the Lord of Brandenbourg. In 1759, Pierre-François de Gaillot de Genouillac became Lord of Schoenfels after marrying Marie-Catherine de Neunheuser. In 1813, his son, François-Romain de Gaillot, sold the castle to Jean-Baptiste Thorn-Suttor, governor of the Province of Luxembourg during the Belgian period (1831-1839). The Belgian senator Jacques Engler bought the castle in 1840 and left it to his son-in-law Baron Auguste Goethals who built a residence beside the keep. In 1948, the Luxembourgish industrialist Camillle Weiss bought the property but sold it in 1971 to the Luxembourg State. The new residence was demolished in 1976.
The castle today.
On completing its current restoration of the keep, the State intends to open a visitor centre for the Mamer Valley Nature Reserve and offices for the Forestry Administration. In the meantime, the castle is not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="31179566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179566" title="Tony Hannan">
Tony Hannan

Tony Hannan (born 11 June 1963 in Bradford, Yorkshire, England) is an author, journalist and publisher who specialises in British popular culture.
Books.
Hannan has edited, contributed to and written several books, the most recent being "On Behalf of the Committee", a comprehensive history of northern English comedy.He also wrote "Being Eddie Waring", a critically acclaimed [http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/general/rugby-league/discovering-the-real-eddie-waring-778052.html biography of the BBC rugby league commentator of that name In 2010, this was the basis for a BBC Four television documentary, Eddie Waring: Mr Rugby League, in which Hannan also appeared. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00tnwkv.
TV and Radio.
Hannan has made numerous radio and television appearances. Among the most notable are:
Journalism.
Hannan is currently editor-at-large of Forty-20, a rugby league magazine. Formally he was editor of Total Rugby League, the now-defunct sister newspaper of Rugby League World between 1997 and 1999 and was also the editor of Rugby League World magazine from 2002 until 2004. He was UK correspondent for the Australia's official NRL weekly, Big League between 2004 and 2006.
Publishing.
Along with fellow author and rugby league journalist Phil Caplan, Tony Hannan is a co-director of Scratching Shed Publishing Ltd, an independent publishing house based in Leeds, Yorkshire. [http://www.digyorkshire.com/(X(1)S(m2dvelie2tjknz452momso45))/EventListing.aspx?event=48829&pdate=14/11/2009&AspxAutoDetectCookieSupport=1] Primarily devoted to the production of books inspired by aspects of northern English culture, since its inception in May 2008 Scratching Shed has published around 30 titles including '1895 and All That...' by the Lord Aberdare Literary Prize-winning author Professor Tony Collins; and autobiographies of Ikram Butt (ghost written by Hannan), Ray French MBE, Iby Knill, John Holmes and Doncaster Rovers chairman John Ryan, amongst others.
Cartoonist.
Hannan was the creator and illustrator of the popular and long-running satirical cartoon character 'Walt', whose pithy comments were a nightly feature in the Bradford Telegraph and Argus newspaper from March 1987 until April 2002. [http://www.thetelegraphandargus.co.uk/leisure/taleisurebook/booksreviews/4780182.Likely_story_of_Northern_mirth] Having first appeared alongside Brad Ford, a cheeky bear based on the 'Bradford's Bouncing Back' regeneration campaign figurehead of the late 1980s, Walt soon took over the strip. Hannan's cartoons have also appeared in Private Eye, Punch and similar publications.
In the late 1980s, while editor and creator of the fanzine Bernard of the Bantams, a sister publication to Bradford City FC's award-winning City Gent, Hannan created the character of Boring Stan, Park Ave Fan. Stan, as the name suggests, was a very dull supporter of Bradford City's cross-town rivals Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C., who had gone into liquidation in 1974 and were only just being revived via the amateur Sunday leagues. To this day, Bradford Park Avenue fans are known by the nickname 'Stans'.

</doc>
<doc id="31179567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179567" title="Archer's stake">
Archer's stake

An archer's stake was an anti-cavalry defence used by longbowmen in the 15th and 16th centuries.
Origins.
At the Battle of Nicopolis in 1396 Turkish archers were stationed behind a barrier of stakes. This may have inspired Henry V when he instructed his men to provide themselves with six foot stakes, which were to be planted in front of them at an angle to impale horses of attacking French men-at-arms prior to the Battle of Agincourt.
Deployment.
There are three schools of thought about the deployment of stakes. The traditional view is that all the stakes were placed in front of the front rank to create a fence. In 1976, John Keegan proposed that each archer placed his stake in front of him where he stood in the ranks, thus creating a defensive belt of stakes several yards wide within which the archers operated. Keegan's proposal has been challenged by Clifford J. Rogers, who argues that most stakes were placed in a fence arrangement, with staggered gaps for archers to move through, in combination with a band of more widely spaced stakes. 
Usage.
After the Agincourt campaign, stakes became a common piece of equipment for the English longbowman fighting in France. After the end of the Hundred Years War, stakes continued to be used, for example at the Battle of Blore Heath during the Wars of the Roses and the by English mercenaries at the Battle of Montlhéry during the War of the Public Weal. Tudor archers also used stakes in the early 16th century. Henry VIII's army which invaded France in 1513 carried 5000 stakes in wagons and iron-bound archers' stakes are mentioned on several occasions thereafter. 

</doc>
<doc id="31179577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179577" title="Izatha epiphanes">
Izatha epiphanes

Izatha epiphanes is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread throughout the North Island.
The wingspan is 17–25 mm for males and 18.5–28 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late October to February.
Larvae have been reared from dead wood of "Pittosporum tenuifolium" and "Fuchsia excorticata" and dead standing wood of a "Coprosma" species (probably "Coprosma grandifolia").

</doc>
<doc id="31179593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179593" title="Nathaniel Elliot">
Nathaniel Elliot

Nathaniel Elliot or Sheldon (1705-1780), was an English Jesuit scholar.
Life.
Elliot was born 1 May 1705. He entered the Society of Jesus, or "Jesuits," in 1723 and was admitted to the profession of the four vows in 1741. He adopted the alias of Sheldon, his aunt Mary Anne, daughter of John Elliot, esq., of Gatacre Park, Shropshire, being the wife of Ralph Sheldon, esq., of Beoley, Worcestershire. In October 1748 he was appointed rector of the English College at St. Omer, having been previously socius to the provincial, Henry Sheldon, his cousin; and from 1756 to 1762 he was rector of the English College at Rome. In 1766 he became rector of the Greater College, Bruges, and later in the same year he was nominated provincial of his order in England. While holding this office he resided in the family of Mr. Nevill at Holt, Leicestershire, where he died on 10 October 1780.
Writings.
The "Occasional Letters on the Affairs of the Jesuits in France" was collected and published under his direction, together with "The Judgment of the Bishops of France concerning the Doctrine, Government, Conduct, and Usefulness of the French Jesuits" (1763). He also made a translatoion of Giovanni Pietro Pinamonti's treatise on "The Cross in its True Light; or, the Weight of Tribulation lessened" (1775)

</doc>
<doc id="31179639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179639" title="Tai Cheuk-yin">
Tai Cheuk-yin

Leslie Spencer Tai Cheuk-yin is a Hong Kong politician. He was the last chairman of the pro-Republic of China (Taiwan) Hong Kong political organisation 123 Democratic Alliance. 
Tai contested the Hong Kong Legislative Council by-election in 2010, but was not elected.

</doc>
<doc id="31179649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179649" title="Veerannapeta">
Veerannapeta

Veerannapet or Veerannapeta () is a village ang Gram panchayat in Kondurg mandal of Mahbubnagar district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located about 7 kilometers from Kondurg and 39 kilometers from Mahbubnagar town.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31179674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179674" title="85th Infantry Division (Wehrmacht)">
85th Infantry Division (Wehrmacht)

The 85th Infantry Division (German: "85. Infantriedivision") was a Wehrmacht division used in the Second World War. It participated in the German defence in the Battle of Normandy, and took part in the German counter-offensive in the Ardennes.
Operational history.
The 85th Infantry Division was raised in February 1944 and placed under the command of Lieutenant General Kurt Chill, previously the commanding officer of the 122nd Infantry. Participating as an occupational division in German-occupied France, the 85th was part of the 15th Army's rear-guard in Northern France during the D-Day landings. It was moved to Normandy in early August as part of a relief force in the forming Falaise pocket, where it was to replace the "12th SS-Panzer Division "Hitlerjugend"" by August 11. On August 14, the division received help from second company of the 102nd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion as it travelled from Assy to Maizieres; its commander, SS-Obersturmführer Helmut Wendorff, was killed when the escort convoy encountered a group of Sherman tanks attached to the 1st Hussars. On August 15, the Canadian 4th Armoured Division broke through the 85th's defences around the Falaise pocket.
The Netherlands.
Damaged, the division was ordered back to Germany to replenish its numbers. However, Chill ordered his men to form a number of reception stations at the bridgeheads of the Albert Canal in northern Belgium; his idea was to pick up stragglers as a means of gaining numbers, instead.
The month of its relocation to the Netherlands also coincided with Operation Market Garden, the allied invasion of the Netherlands.
Under attack by the 2nd Canadian Infantry Division in early October, "Kampfgruppe Chill", a detachment of the 85th, was assigned to the Scheldt to replace the retreating 346th Infantry Division. This was however, part of a deception by Lieutenant Colonel Friedrich von der Heydte to fool the Canadians into attacking a much more powerful force. In reality, the detachment consisted of the 185th Artillery Regiment and remnants of the 1053rd and 1054th Grenadier Regiments. The rest of the force consisted of three battalions of the 2nd Parachute Division. The Calgary Highlanders, unaware of the true size and skill of the division group, suffered bitterly at Hoogerheide due to this deception, which was worsened by the arrival of the 244th and 667th Army Assault Gun Brigades.
Chill was replaced as division commander by the highly-decorated "Major General" Helmut Bechler in mid-November. Also in mid-November, the division had been separated between armies, with parts going to the 15th Army's 98th Army Corps and the 1st Parachute Army.
The division, along with the 15th Army's LXXIV Army Corps, participated in the Battle of Hürtgen Forest in December 1944 as the Wehrmacht attempted to force the Allies out of the Ardennes. The division under Bechler continued to hold out against Allied advances until its final capitulation in March 1945; the rest of the corps would be destroyed at the Ruhr pocket the following April in the Battle of Aachen. Remnants of the division were merged with others to form Infantry Division Potsdam.

</doc>
<doc id="31179676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179676" title="Robert Elliot (Royal Navy officer)">
Robert Elliot (Royal Navy officer)

Robert Elliot (fl. 1822-1833), was an English naval officer, Captain in the Royal Navy, and known as a topographical draughtsman from 1822 to 1824.
Elliot made a series of sketches, taken on the spot, of views in India, Canton, and the Red Sea. These were worked up by Samuel Prout, Clarkson Stanfield, and others into finished drawings; and were published in parts by Fisher & Co., appearing 1830-1833, under the title, "Views in the East, comprising India, Canton, and the Red Sea, with Historical and Descriptive Letterpress by Emma Roberts."

</doc>
<doc id="31179679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179679" title="Parkes ministry (1872–1875)">
Parkes ministry (1872–1875)

The Parkes ministry (1872–1875) or First Parkes ministry was the fourteenth ministry of the Colony of New South Wales, and the first of five occasions of being led by the Honourable Henry Parkes.
Having served in the New South Wales Legislative Council between 1854 and 1856, Parkes was elected in the first free elections for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly held in 1856, however resigned from Parliament later that year. He served in the Assembly on several occasions, between 1858 and 1870, being forced to resign on at least on occasion due to his personal insolvency. He came to power as Premier on the first occasion after the Sir James Martin ministry had involved itself in a petty squabble with the colony of Victoria over a question of border duties. The acting-governor had sent for William Forster before parliament met, but he was unable to form a ministry, and in May 1872 Parkes formed his first ministry.
The title of Premier was widely used to refer to the Leader of Government, but not enshrined in formal use until 1920.
There was no party system in New South Wales politics until 1887. Under the constitution, ministers were required to resign to recontest their seats in a by-election when appointed. These by-elections are only noted when the minister was defeated; in general, he was elected unopposed.
This ministry covers the period from 14 May 1872 until 8 February 1875, when Parkes lost the confidence of the Assembly following Governor Robinson's decision to release of the bushranger Frank Gardiner led to the defeat of the ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31179705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179705" title="Henry Elliott">
Henry Elliott

Henry Elliott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31179728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179728" title="Navodaya Studio">
Navodaya Studio

Navodaya Studio is a film production studio in the Malayalam language film industry of India. It was established in 1976 by Maliampurackal Chacko Punnoose, who is also known by the name Navodaya Appachan. The filming studio is located in Kakkanad, Kochi.
History.
The studio was founded by Apachan in 1976, after he parted ways with his brother Kunchacko's Udaya Studio. The first film "Kadathanattu Makkam" produced by Navodaya studio was directed by Appachan himself. The second film "Thacholi Ambu" was the first cinemascope film in Malayalam. It was followed by "Padayottam", which was the first 70 mm film in India. The post production work of "Sholay", the first 70 mm production in India was done in the United Kingdom. But for "Padayottam", the works were done at Prasad Labs, Kerala. In 1982, India's first 3D film, "My Dear Kuttichathan" was released. Apart from these landmark films, Navodaya also produced numerous hit films in Malayalam including "Tacholi Ambu","My Dear Kuttichathan 3D ""Manjil Virinja Pookkal", "Padayottam", "Chanakyan", 
The studio was later renovated in 2000's welcoming the needs of the television industry. Appachan's sons Jijo Punnoose and Jose Punnoose has taken over the functioning. 
Appachan, along with the Navodaya Studios, was awarded the J. C. Daniel Award in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31179740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179740" title="Henry Eliot">
Henry Eliot

Henry Eliot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31179742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179742" title="Izatha mesoschista">
Izatha mesoschista

Izatha mesoschista is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is found throughout the North Island, except the Aupouri peninsula, Hawkes Bay or the Wairarapa.
The wingspan is 15.5–21 mm for males and 17–25 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to February.
Larvae have been reared from "Populus" species, presumably from the dead wood, and another from pine logs.

</doc>
<doc id="31179745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179745" title="Tom Pelly">
Tom Pelly

Tom Pelly (born 1 June 1936) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1950s.
Pelly was a Grogan Medal winner while with Western Districts in 1956 and before that had played for Brunswick YCW. His performance at Western Districts earned him a chance in the VFL and he left the Queensland club at the end of the year to join North Melbourne. A rover, he played eight senior games in but only two in 1958. He finished the 1958 season at Williamstown, having been cleared by North Melbourne in July, and was a member of their VFA premiership team that year and again in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="31179765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179765" title="Kundannoor">
Kundannoor

Kundannoor () is a fast developing region of Kochi city in the state of Kerala, India. It is the junction of three National Highways, namely NH 47, NH 49 and NH 47A. The Le-Meridien and Crown Plaza Hotels are situated near Kundanoor junction. Many shopping malls are proposed and under construction in Kundanoor.
Kundannoor is situated at Maradu Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="31179808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179808" title="James Lung">
James Lung

James Lung Wai-man () is the chairman of the Southern Democratic Alliance, a political organisation in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="31179814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179814" title="Thomas Swan">
Thomas Swan

Founded in England in 1926, Thomas Swan & Co. Ltd. is a leading independent manufacturer of performance and fine chemicals. The company manufactures over 100 products, from kilogramme to multi-tonne quantities, and offers an experienced and flexible custom manufacturing service. With offices in the USA and China and a global network of distributors, Thomas Swan exports to over 80 countries worldwide and is well placed to service British and international markets.
History.
Thomas Swan & Co. Ltd. was founded by ‘Tommy’ Swan at its present site in Consett, County Durham in the North East of England. From early beginnings as a road surfacing company, using the waste product (slag) from the local steel industry as a raw material, Thomas Swan has diversified into a wide range of performance chemical products and processes.

</doc>
<doc id="31179816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179816" title="Sunset Park Trail Shelter">
Sunset Park Trail Shelter

The Sunset Park Trail Shelter was built in 1931 at Golden Lakes in the Sunset Park portion of Mount Rainier National Park. The rustic log structure provides shelter for hikers on the Wonderland Trail that encircles Mount Rainier. The Sunset Park shelter is built in a saltbox shape, with a porch spanning the width of the front. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31179827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179827" title="Izatha haumu">
Izatha haumu

Izatha haumu (Maori name Pepepepe haumu o Ngāti Kuri) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the Aupouri peninsula of Northland.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm for males and about 23 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in October and November..
Etymology.
The Māori word "haumu" means "hairy" and refers to the grizzled appearance of the moth.

</doc>
<doc id="31179839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179839" title="Henry Venn Elliott">
Henry Venn Elliott

Henry Venn Elliott (1792–1865) was an English divine.
Early years.
Elliott was born 17 January 1792, the son of Charles Elliott of Grove House, Clapham, and his second wife, Eling, daughter of Henry Venn, the well-known vicar of Huddersfield. Charles Elliott had eight children by his second marriage; Henry Venn was his eldest son and fourth child; other children included Charlotte Elliott and Edward Bishop Elliott. Henry Venn was sent to school, under a Mr. Elwell of Hammersmith, at the age of eight. In January 1809 he was transferred to the Rev. H. Jowett of Little Dunham, Norfolk. He went to Trinity College, Cambridge, in October 1810; became a scholar of his college in 1811; and graduated as fourteenth wrangler in 1814, winning also the second chancellor's medal. He was elected to a fellowship of Trinity in October 1816.
Career.
He had suffered from overwork, and in July 1817 set out to recover his health by a foreign tour, which extended to Greece, Constantinople, and Jerusalem, a journey attended with some risk in those days. He returned to England in August 1820 . He lived at Cambridge for some time, and was ordained deacon in November 1823 and priest in June 1824. After holding the curacy of Ampton, Suffolk, for two years, he returned to Cambridge in 1825. His father had now moved to Westfield Lodge, Brighton, and soon afterwards built the proprietary chapel of St. Mary's in that town. It was consecrated 18 January 1827. Elliott was appointed the first preacher, and inherited the property upon his father's death, on 15 October 1832. For a few years previous to 1832 Elliott held also the priory of St. John's, Wilton, near Salisbury. He took pupils for a time, among whom were Sir Edward Fowell Buxton and the sons of Lord Aberdeen. He was afterwards fully occupied by his various duties. In 1832 he made proposals for the foundation of a school for the daughters of poor clergymen, in imitation of the school founded by his friend William Carus-Wilson at Cowan Bridge, Yorkshire, in 1823. The school was opened as St. Mary's Hall on 1 Aug. 1836. Elliott himself gave liberal donations, many of them anonymously, and during the rest of his life took an active part in its management. In September 1849 the new church of St. Mark's, intended to provide for the district of Kemp Town and St. Mary's Hall, was opened, after many obstacles had been overcome by Elliott's energy and liberality. Elliott took a prominent part in providing for the religious needs of Brighton, then rapidly developing. He was a sincere evangelical, and especially anxious for the strict observance of Sunday. In 1852 he spoke at a public meeting against the proposal for opening the Crystal Palace on Sundays, and his remarks were taken to amount to a charge of venality against the "Times" for defending the measure. He repudiated the intention, but was severely censured for his rash language.
Family.
On 31 October 1833 Elliott married Julia, daughter of John Marshall of Hallsteads, Ulleswater, some of whose religious poems are given in Lord Selborne's 'Book of Praise.' She died of scarlet fever on 3 November 1841, her fifth child, Julius, having been born on 24 October. Her death was followed by those of his mother, 16 April 1843, his favourite sister, Mary, three months later, and his eldest son, Henry Venn, from the effects of a fall, on 2 June 1848. His second son, Charles Alfred, became a distinguished member of the Indian civil service. Julius Marshall, the third son, was killed on the Schreckhorn 27 July 1869. Elliott died at Brighton on 24 January 1865. He left two daughters.
Works.
His works consist of a number of separate sermons and a collection of hymns.

</doc>
<doc id="31179845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179845" title="Prem Nath Dar">
Prem Nath Dar

Prem Nath Dar (25 July 1914 – 6 September 1976) an Urdu language short story writer from the Kashmir Valley. His short stories are generally recognised as progressive writings of mid twentieth century [(page 463 para 2.75&] He was a multifaceted personality who joined the “Kashmir Movement”, led by Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah during the late 1930s and1940’s, for social & political reforms. He shifted to Delhi in 1943 on the advice of Sheikh Abdullah. In the later stages of his life, in his spare time, he used to write short stories besides being always involved with Kashmiri cultural and social activities Delhi. He was the President of the Kashmiri Sahayak Samiti, New Delhi, for a very long time. He was also the President of Kashmiri House Building Society, New Delhi, where he was instrumental in ensuring the then Kashmiris settled in a colony in Delhi. which is now known as Pamposh Enclave.
Early years in the Kashmir Valley.
Prem Nath Dar was born on 25 July 1914 in a Kashmiri Pandit family settled in Badiyar Bala near Ganpatiyar, Habbakadal, Srinagar, Kashmir (Present day J & K, state of India). For his degree in Bachelor of Arts (Graduation) he joined S. P. College, Srinagar and chose- Philosophy, English, History and Urdu. He left for Lahore to receive higher education. He was influenced by the teachings of Marx and Lenin and joined the Marxist party in 1937 and assisted in translation of Marxist literature in Urdu. At the time of his graduation Sher e Kashmir Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah's Muslim Conference was agitating against the state government. To widen the struggle he invited non-Muslims to join this politico-social struggle, and re named the party to the "National Conference". Prem Nath Dar was among the first batch of non Muslims to join him and he proposed a secular party flag for the new party- National Conference, which was immediately accepted. The party, even in the year 2011 has the same flag. In the year 1975 when the party constitution had to be revised, he, as the Adviser to the then Chief Minister Mr. Sheikh Abdullah, was part of the team led by Dr. Farooq Abdullah, which contributed in revising the party constitution.
Settling down in Delhi.
Meanwhile, the agitation against the Maharaja intensified during the late 1930s and to link this movement with the Congress party's strong national movement against the British in India, Prem Nath Dar left for Kashmir State for British India. The Indian political leaders of national level in Delhi, could not support National Conference’s struggle in Kashmir as it was against the native Maharaja and not the British. While in Delhi, he married his land lord's daughter Kumari Lalita Bhat (name changed after marriage- Mrs Prem Pratima Dar)of Chaurasi Ghanta, Bazaar Sitaram, Delhi.
He worked as an English sub-editor in The Hindustan Times. But, it was in Urdu writing that he would always be in his best, as he was groomed in the Urdu language from the childhood. Also, Urdu was commonly read and spoken in Delhi and was the national language of British India. He later joined the Statesman in 1947 and was editor of the Indian Listener. After India's independence he worked in the All India Radio and retired as the Deputy Director General in 1973.
Transformation to a short story writer.
in early 1940s, while in Delhi he got in touch with Urdu literary circle Halqa-e Arbab-e Zauq and started writing short stories in Urdu. To make his characters alive and closer to reality he took help from his wife in getting familiar with spoken phrases and terminologies in day to day life of Delhi city. This helped him in creating different characters of society living in Delhi, at various levels of social system. The writers of Halqae Arbab Zauq used to meet at his house in Sita Ram Bazaar which was attended by some known writers of that time, to name a few- Devendra Satyarthi, Josh Malihabadi, Arsh Malciani Jagan Nath, Sagar Nizami, Rewati Sharan Sharma, besides others. The venue later changed to Delhi College, Delhi. After the 1960s his responsibilities at the All India Radio kept him occupied leaving less time for literary activities. [,] and
Writing style.
His writings were deeply influenced by the Marxist writings of the then progressive writers of India and his readings of the Russian literature, which left deep impressions of the socialistic ideology. The socio-political movements and the social structure of that time in India also played a significant role in molding his writing style. His association with the then progressive writers of Halqae Arbab Zauq galvanised his writings to give strong messages of social reforms.
Prem Nath Dar’s first collection of short story "Kaghaz Ka Vasudev aur dighar afsaaney" was the first presentation of Halqae Arbab Zauq, Delhi (Halqae Arbab Zauq ki paheli pesh kash.) Halqae Arbab Zauq was a popular literary circle in Delhi providing a platform to budding writers in Urdu. It was an instant success and was appreciated by leading Urdu Writers of that time from India- Salahuddin Ahamad, Syyed Ahtesshan Hussein, Josh Malihabadi and Pakistan- Maulana Salahuddin Ahamad, editor Adabi Duniya, Lahore Article on Mr. Prem Nath Dar and his writing style in a book titled "Hamara Adab, Shakhsiat Number-2 by Md. Yusuf Taing; Editor Md. Ahamad Andrabi in 1985–86 under the auspices of The Jammu & Kashmir Academy of Art, Culture and Language, Srinagar. Dr. Mansoor Ahmad Mir, Associate Professor, Dept of Urdu, University of Kashmir, wrote a book in 2006 titled "Prem Nath Dhar Aur Jadeed Afsana. The book focuses on writing style of Prem Nath Dhar (Dar) Mr. Isharat Ali, a M Phil student from the Urdu Department of Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi, has completed his research topic "Prem Nath Dar ki Afsaana Nigaari ka Mutala," which is approved by the Jamia in 25 June 2012 Dr. Brij Premi wrote an article on Mr. Prem Nath Dar published in Koshur Samachar, printed in December 1988.
The Urdu Department of University of Kashmir has prescribed his short story "Kaghaz ka Vasudev" for their M.A. Programme (Urdu). He established his name as an Urdu short story writer in the entire subcontinent. "Kaghaz ka Vasudev" was followed by many more short stories depicting harsh realities of social life in Kashmir and in Delhi through various characters and situations existing in the middle era of the 20th century, which are relevant even today.
His second collection of short stories was "Neeli Aankhen", which did not do as well as his first collection.
Literary works.
a) Some of the famous short stories written by him were- <br>
1. Kaghaz ka Vasudev <br>
2. Doodh,<br>
3. Uttarai, <br>
4. Aakh Thoo,<br>
5. Jawan, <br>
6. Zanshirin,<br>
7. Gidh, <br>
8. Chadawa, <br>
9. Kofta,<br>
10. Neeli Aankhen, <br>
11. Geet Ke Chaar Bol,<br>
12. Paani se Gadha Lahu,<br>
13. Bhoot Pret, <br>
14. Faayada be Faayada, <br>
15. Beech Andherey, <br>
16. Zindagi ke Ghoont, <br>
17. Neeli Botal, <br>
18. Dinon ka Pher, <br>
19. Tehalil Nafsee, <br>
20. Ghalat Phehami, <br>
21. Turdi Bus and various other short stories. <br>
22. Khirki <br>
b) His first collection of short stories was published as a book in 1949 titled as “Kagaz Ka Vasudev”. <br>
Subsequently, his second collection of short stories was published in the 1960s titled “Neeli Aankhen”. <br>
c) His only play in Hindi “Ghar Ki Baat’ was shortlisted for an award but not finally selected by Sahitya Academy.<br>
d) He wrote, produced and directed a musical opera in Kashmiri language titled “Zu Gebar”, (two sons), on a secular theme characterising two sons of the same soil of Kashmir, one chose Islam while the other Hinduism. He died suddenly in September 1976 at his residence in B 20 Pamposh Enclave, New Delhi, due to heart failure. As an obituary Mr. Shamim Ahmed Shamim, ex Member Parliament from Srinagar wrote an article named "Prem Nath Dar- Mera Yaar" (Prem Nath Dar- My Pal), which was printed in the Urdu daily "Aina" published from Srinagar on 10 September.

</doc>
<doc id="31179860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179860" title="Trolleybuses in Valparaíso">
Trolleybuses in Valparaíso

Trolleybuses in Valparaíso, Chile, have provided a portion of the public transit service since 1952. The trolleybus system is the second-oldest in South America. The originally state-owned system has been privately owned since 1982, and since 1994 it has been Chile's only operational trolleybus system. Almost two-thirds of its vehicles were built in 1946–52 by the Pullman-Standard Company, and they are the oldest trolleybuses in regular service anywhere in the world. Those vehicles were collectively declared a national monument by the Chilean government in 2003. They helped the city gain its designation by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site, and have been called "a heritage sight in their own right" by at least one travel writer. In 1991–1992 the system acquired several secondhand trolleybuses from four Swiss cities. Even these vehicles, already old at the time of acquisition, have become historic in their continued service after some 45–50 years, with 1959-built ex-Zürich number 105 being the oldest articulated trolleybus of any make still in service on any trolleybus system worldwide.
The Valparaíso trolleybus system has become one of the icons of the city, considered an important part of its cultural heritage. Many "porteños" – as residents of this port city commonly call themselves – are fond of their city's distinctive and historic trolleybus service and have spoken up in its defense when the system has come under threat of closure. The private operating company receives no government subsidy, and at times it has struggled financially, putting the system in danger of being closed. One such occasion, the company's announcement in May 2007 of imminent closure plans, brought an outcry from local citizens, and even Chile's president, Michelle Bachelet, expressed support for keeping the trolleybuses going.
Trolleybuses currently serve only one route, numbered 802 in a regional transportation plan implemented in 2007, Monday through Saturday, from about 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. There is no service on Sundays. Route 802 connects Barón with Aduana via Avenida Colón and other streets and is about long. The system is currently owned and operated by "Trolebuses de Chile, S.A." Locally, the vehicles are often referred to as "troles" (trolleys), as opposed to "trolebuses".
History.
Trolleybus service was inaugurated on 31 December 1952, as the country's second trolleybus system, after one that had opened in the capital, Santiago, in 1947. The Santiago system closed in 1978, and a second system that opened there in 1991 lasted only until 1994.
Trolleybuses replaced Valparaíso's last tram (streetcar) service, which had been introduced in 1863 as a horse-drawn street railway, one of the first in South America, and been converted to electric trams in 1904. The last tram ran on 30 December 1952, and trolleybus service began the following day, on a route connecting Barón with Plaza Victoria. Only eight days later, on 7 January 1953, the route was extended from Plaza Victoria to Aduana. The eastern half of this first Barón–Aduana route followed Avenida Pedro Montt, but a second route connecting the same two termini but following Avenida Colón was introduced in February 1953. The western half of both routes was identical. The Avenida Colón route has remained in operation to the present day.
For many years, the Santiago and Valparaíso trolleybus systems were owned by the national government. Their original operator was the Empresa Nacional de Transportes (ENT), which had taken over the tram systems in both cities in 1945. ENT was reorganized on 2 May 1953 as a new government agency, Empresa de Transportes Colectivos del Estado (ETCE), which then ran the system for the next 28 years. Both cities' systems used vehicles built by the American manufacturer, Pullman-Standard. For Valparaíso, ENT had purchased 30 new trolleybuses from Pullman. Although Pullman – better known for its railway coaches – was a major U.S. builder of trolleybuses, manufacturing more than 2,000 in total, the 30 for Valparaíso were the very last trolleybuses the company ever built. They were built in October and November 1952.
ETCE's Santiago system had a fleet of 100 Pullman trolleybuses (801–900), built in 1946 (the first six), 1947 and 1948, expanded in 1953 by the acquisition of 100 trolleybuses supplied by the French company, Vétra (numbered 901–1000). In 1954, ETCE transferred 39 of the Santiago Pullmans to Valparaíso, for use on a new interurban route to Viña del Mar. Trolleybus service to Viña del Mar was inaugurated on 7 December 1959. However, the interurban service lasted less than five years, having already been abandoned by 1964, leaving trolleybuses in operation only within Valparaíso thereafter.
After the 1973 military coup, the new Pinochet administration reduced funding for government-run public transit, and the two trolleybus systems both deteriorated quickly. ETCE abandoned its Santiago trolleybus system in the latter half of 1978. The Vetra trolleybuses had been less reliable and had all been scrapped by this time, but ETCE transferred its remaining Santiago Pullman trolleybuses to Valparaíso, where some were placed in service and the remainder provided a supply of parts to keep the others running.
The Valparaíso system struggled to maintain its now-elderly vehicles and infrastructure with limited funds, but eventually succumbed, closing on 30 November 1981. However, a group of local businessmen interested in reviving the trolleybus service soon acquired the assets of the now-dissolved "Empresa de Transportes del Estado". On 26 April 1982 they formed a new company whose name intentionally used the same initials, Empresa de Transportes Colectivos Eléctricos, Limitada (Electric Public Transport Company, Ltd.) (ETCE, again), and within two weeks had restored the service, using the same vehicles. Service continued to follow two routes, both connecting Barón with Aduana but alternatively via either Avenida Colón or Avenida Pedro Montt. The routes were not numbered.
Fleet evolution.
For nearly 40 years, the fleet comprised solely Pullman-Standard trolleybuses, a combination of new-to-Valparaíso 1952-built Pullmans (the 700-series) and, from 1954 on, a number of ex-Santiago Pullmans, built in 1946–1948 (the 800-series). All had electrical propulsion equipment by General Electric. As of 1986, the total number of trolleybuses available for service was 23–24.
Under a program started in late 1986 and continuing until 1989, ETCE rebuilt the bodies of some of its 800-series vehicles with more modern front ends and, in some cases, sides and backs also. The remaining 700-series vehicles were not rebuilt.
Expansion generated by plans for Santiago.
In 1989 ETCE announced plans to build a new trolleybus system in Santiago. For this purpose and to augment its Valparaíso fleet the company began to acquire trolleybuses secondhand from cities in Switzerland. The vehicles involved were being retired from service and replaced with new trolleybuses on their home systems, but while the vehicles were already 15–30 years old ETCE found this to be a relatively low-cost source of trolleybuses that had been well-maintained. The first such acquisitions were six articulated FBW trolleybuses from Zürich, built in 1959–1964. These arrived in Valparaíso in September 1991 and entered service there later that year.
To operate the new Santiago system, ETCE created a subsidiary named "Empresa de Trolebuses Santiago" (Santiago Trolleybus Company), or ETS. By the end of 1992 ETCE had acquired no less than 31 secondhand Swiss trolleybuses, of several different types and from four different cities. From Zürich came one additional, later-model (1974-built) articulated FBW in early 1992; from Geneva, 16 articulated trolleybuses (comprising 14 1965 Berna vehicles and two 1975 FBWs); from St. Gallen five two-axle 1970–1975 Saurer vehicles; and from Schaffhausen three 1966 FBWs, of which two were articulated.
ETCE carried out a program of heavy rebuilding of 18 Pullmans, much more extensive than the earlier rebuildings and effectively a full rebodying, for use exclusively on its new ETS system; these were renumbered into the series 101–118. The Santiago system opened on 24 December 1991, using four ex-Zürich vehicles (renumbered 501–504) and the first few of the rebodied Pullmans. Within two months, these had been joined in Santiago by eight brand-new Chinese "Shenfeng" trolleybuses (601–608) from Norinco, which ETCE/ETS purchased after evaluating a prototype Shenfeng vehicle in Valparaíso in early 1990. China has had several trolleybus manufacturers, and these nine units for ETCE/ETS were notable in being the first Chinese-built trolleybuses ever exported outside of Asia.
Sharing between cities.
Most of the secondhand Swiss vehicles remained in Valparaíso, some entered service there, and some remain in service there in 2011. Others were used as sources of parts. The three Schaffhausen vehicles all entered service in Valparaíso and never went to Santiago. Three or four of the ex-Geneva vehicles were transferred to the Santiago system for a time, but later returned to Valparaíso. Meanwhile, the Santiago fleet kept its four ex-Zürich and eight Shenfeng vehicles and the 18 heavily rebuilt Pullmans.
The Santiago trolleybus system closed in July 1994. ETS suspended service after operation on 9 July 1994, after months of struggling financially in the face of competition from other private bus companies serving the same areas of Santiago, and ultimately service never resumed. Most of the Santiago fleet remained in storage there, as ETCE/ETS initially hoped to revive the service, until being moved to ETCE's depot (garage) in Valparaíso in early 1996.
Post-1995.
Most of the ex-ETS fleet remained stored, unused, in Valparaíso for several years and was eventually scrapped. The few Geneva trolleybuses that had run briefly in Santiago entered service in Valparaíso soon after returning. Otherwise, the only ETS-system trolleybuses that entered service in Valparaíso did so only several years later: two of the Zürich vehicles in 2003, one rebuilt Pullman (116) in 2004 and two Shenfengs (603 and 607), in 2004 and 2005, respectively.
The five ex-St. Gallen trolleybuses never performed to ETCE's satisfaction under the low overhead-line voltage in Valparaíso, about 500V–550V as compared with 600V in St. Gallen, and they were used in service only briefly – most in 1992 only, with one (142) in sporadic use until 1995 or early 1996. They then were stored until being scrapped in 2008, except for No. 142. That sole remaining St. Gallen vehicle was installed at Barón terminus (on Avenida Argentina at Calle Chacabuco) in a semi-permanent arrangement, after being extensively modified inside for use as a sales outlet for tickets and souvenirs and for use by drivers and supervisors.
By 1992 only one of the older (1946–1948) Pullmans remained unrebuilt and still serviceable, 1947-built No. 814. ETCE's longtime president, Pedro Massai, decided to keep No. 814 in original form, due to its appeal as a heritage vehicle, No. 814 having become the oldest unmodernized trolleybus still in normal service anywhere in the world. Pullman 814 was damaged by fire in August 2003, but ETCE repaired it, and the unique vehicle returned to service in December 2003. It remains in regular service in 2011.
In July 2003, the system's 15 remaining Pullman-Standard trolleybuses, built between 1946 and 1952, were accorded National Historic Monument status by the Chilean government's "Consejo de Monumentos Nacionales", the formal decree of this being signed on 26 September 2003. They are the oldest trolleybuses still in regular service anywhere. Also, Valparaíso has long been the only city in the world where Pullman-built trolleybuses still operate in revenue service.
Current fleet.
As of July 2010, the serviceable fleet included the following 23 trolleybuses:
Notes: n/a = not applicable (vehicles not rebuilt, still in original form); "ex-Santiago" in this table refers to the 1947–78 trolleybus system there.
Of the other Swiss trolleybuses that had remained in service beyond 2008, the last articulated ex-Schaffhausen trolleybus, No. 102, was withdrawn in late 2009. Berna No. 612 was retired after sustaining major damage when it crashed into a building in November 2010, and it was scrapped in 2012. FBW No. 504 was retired after being heavily damaged by fire in February 2012.
Service changes after 1990.
The Avenida Pedro Montt route was discontinued in 1991, leaving only the Avenida Colón route in service. ETCE tried reinstating the Pedro Montt service twice since then, in October 2002 and January 2007, but withdrew it again just a few months later in both instances, after finding that competing service run by other bus companies along the same street made that corridor a money-loser for ETCE.
A new company named Trolebuses de Chile, S.A. (TCSA) was established in 2000, with 40% ownership by ETCE president Pedro Massai. ETCE remained the system's overall owner and operator, but some of its assets, including the overhead trolley wires, were transferred to the new company. During a three-week suspension of service in August 2002, caused by a drivers' strike, some 20,000 residents signed a petition urging the two sides to reach agreement so that trolleybus service could be restored. The city's largest-circulation newspaper, "El Mercurio", also published an editorial in support of restoring and maintaining the trolleybus service.
"Trolebuses de Chile, S.A." became the operator of the trolleybus system in early 2007.
2007 improvements, upheaval.
The trolleybus system underwent several changes in early 2007 in connection with the implementation of a regional public-transportation coordination program called the "Plan de Transporte Metropolitano Valparaíso" (TMV) by the regional ministry of transportation. TCSA reinstated the former Avenida Pedro Montt route in January, after the ministry granted the company near-exclusive rights to provide transit service in that corridor. The company's now-two routes became numbered 801 (via Av. Pedro Montt) and 802 (via Av. Colón), under the TMV plan, which assigned route numbers to all bus and minibus routes in the region; previously, they had been unnumbered. Both routes continued to terminate at Aduana and Barón. The TMV also required that operators apply a uniform paint scheme to their vehicles, with different colors for different "Unidades de negocios" (business units). TCSA's routes were the sole routes in Unidad 8, and the company was required to repaint all of its trolleybuses into a common livery of green-and-cream, which was completed in April 2007. Until then, some of the secondhand Swiss trolleybuses (acquired 15–16 years earlier) had retained the paint schemes of their cities of origin, while others, and some Pullmans, had been wearing advertising liveries; the latter were also no longer allowed under the TMV. The company also introduced Sunday service (on both routes), for the first time in the history of private operation, and perhaps the system's history, starting on 6 January 2007.
TCSA initially reported an increase of at least 30% in its revenue following the reorganization, thanks to its near-monopoly on serving busy Avenida Pedro Montt. However, the situation turned around quickly after complaints from merchants along the street convinced the transportation ministry to permit the return to Avenida Montt of 16 bus routes run by other companies only three weeks later. The trolleybus company's revenue dropped sharply, and it discontinued Sunday service in April 2007. Faced with this unexpected loss of revenue at the same time that it had just incurred the expenses of having to repaint its fleet (to meet the TMV requirements) and expand service (to a second route), the company announced in May that the trolleybus system would close in mid-June. The unexpected news upset many citizens, as the vintage trolleybuses, designated a national historic monument in 2003, had become a cherished local icon. Even Chilean president Michelle Bachelet voiced her support, telling regional transportation minister René Cortázar, "The trolleys can't stop running in Valparaíso", while at a luncheon with Valparaíso's mayor. Negotiations between TCSA and government officials led to agreements that averted the planned closure. Service continued relatively unchanged on the system's longtime Avenida Colón route (802), but the recently revived Avenida Pedro Montt service (route 801) was discontinued once again, on or around 1 September 2007.
On 31 October 2007, the "historic monument" designation given earlier to the Pullman-Standard trolleybuses was expanded to include most of the system's infrastructure, such as overhead wires, support poles and substations.
Maintenance facilities.
During the efforts to resolve the mid-2007 crisis officials pledged to help TCSA find a better site and facilities for its garage. Until 2000, the trolleybus fleet had been housed and maintained at the city's former tram depot (carhouse), opened in 1904 for trams. However, the property was municipally owned, and in 2000 the city sold it, for planned redevelopment. The trolleybus system's then-owner ETCE was obliged to find other accommodation for its fleet. It was unable to find any suitable enclosed facility that was available near its route, and consequently for several years the trolleybuses were mostly parked on city streets when not in use (including overnight), and all maintenance work had to be done outdoors. In mid-2008, TCSA began leasing a building located only from its route, for use as its new depot. For the first time in eight years, it became possible to house most of the trolleybus fleet indoors at night and to have indoor maintenance facilities.
The trolleybus system did not incur any major damage in the 2010 earthquake. Service was suspended for two days, while all of the route's infrastructure was inspected for possible damage.
TCSA introduced a summer-only city-tour service in January 2010, using one of its historic 1948-built Pullman-built trolleybuses. This operated in January and February 2010, and it returned for a second season in summer 2011 (January 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="31179867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179867" title="Izatha quinquejacula">
Izatha quinquejacula

Izatha quinquejacula is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the Three Kings Islands.
The wingspan is 19–23 mm for males and about 26 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in November and December.
Etymology.
The name comes from the Latin "quinque" (meaning five) and "jaculum" (meaning a javelin or dart), and refers to the (maximum of) five deciduous cornuti in the vesica, one of the diagnostic characters of the species.

</doc>
<doc id="31179919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179919" title="NeXtProt">
NeXtProt

neXtProt is an on-line knowledge platform on human proteins.
It strives to be a comprehensive resource that provides a variety of
types of information on human proteins, such as their function, 
subcellular location, expression, interactions and role in diseases.
Currently, the major part of the information in neXtProt
is obtained from the UniProt Swiss-Prot database but is gradually being 
complemented by data originating from high-throughput studies with an emphasis on proteomics. It is developed by the CALIPHO group directed by Amos Bairoch and Lydie Lane of the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB).

</doc>
<doc id="31179935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179935" title="Eileen Le Croissette Younghusband (British soldier)">
Eileen Le Croissette Younghusband (British soldier)

Eileen Younghusband, BEM (née Le Croissette; born 4 July 1921) served in the WAAF during World War II Britain in 1944. and received the initial coded message “Big Ben”, alerting allied forces to the first V-2 rocket launched against London.
Younghusband, adept at French and German, also had a talent for maths. This was used to great effect during her time in the Filter Rooms of Fighter Command during the war in which together with a team of fellow WAAF officers, she was responsible for assessing the information gleaned from Radar’s Chain Home (CH) coastal stations, estimating position, height and number of enemy forces in the air - essential for establishing Britain's defence network and giving air raid warnings. These teams had a matter of seconds to calculate accurately the whereabouts of both friendly and enemy aircraft. This vital information was essential since at the time of the Battle of Britain, the RAF had a limited number of fighter aircraft, trained pilots and limited supplies of gasoline.
Having joined the WAAF (Women's Auxiliary Air Force) in 1941 at the age of 19, Younghusband completed her initial training at RAF Innsworth, near Gloucester and later at RAF Leighton Buzzard. She was later posted to 10 Group Fighter Command at RAF Rudloe Manor, near Bath, where she proved herself to be fast and accurate enough to be commissioned as a Filterer Officer. After training at RAF Bawdsey, she went first to 9 Group, RAF Barton Hall and finally to the Fighter Command headquarters at RAF Bentley Priory, Stanmore.
Six weeks after her marriage in 1944, Younghusband was posted to 33 Wing, 2nd TAF at Malines, Belgium on detection of the launchers of the V2s aimed at the vital port of Antwerp. She remained there until June 1945. Following VE Day she was seconded to the formidable Breendonk concentration camp, known as the 'Camp of Silence and of Death', where she acted as a guide and interpreter, relaying to RAF personnel the horrors and harsh realities of war.
She married Peter Younghusband, a PT (physical training) instructor based at RAF Northolt, in 1944 - shortly before her move to Belgium in the latter stages of the conflict. They had one child, Clive (born 1946). As she signed the Official Secrets Act her story remained unheard for 30 years, though she has since written two autobiographies, "Not an Ordinary Life" (2009) and "One Woman's War" (2011), dealing more specifically with her war time experience. She graduated from the Open University at the age of 87, and continues to campaign on health and education issues. She was awarded the British Empire Medal in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to lifelong learning.

</doc>
<doc id="31179937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179937" title="Sunset Park Patrol Cabin">
Sunset Park Patrol Cabin

The Sunset Park Patrol Cabin was built in 1922 to shelter park rangers and hikers on the Wonderland Trail in Mount Rainier National Park. The cabin, at Golden Lakes, is a log structure about by with a low porch (included in the dimensions) across the front. The interior is finished with varnished logs and a wood floor. It was one of several such cabins built in 1922. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31179974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179974" title="Emmanuel Alexis Cristori">
Emmanuel Alexis Cristori

Emmanuel Alexis Cristori (born May 5, 1986 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for La Paz FC of the Primera División in Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="31179986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179986" title="Marco Pomante">
Marco Pomante

Marco Pomante (born 13 July 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for L'Aquila in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
Career.
Pescara.
A youth product of Abruzzo team Pescara, Pomante was loaned to Fano in his early career. He returned to Pescara in 2004 and played a few Serie B matches. In January 2006 he left for Chieti. Despite took the no.2 shirt from Stefano Di Berardino at the start of 2006–07 Serie B season, he left for Giulianova in August 2006 and Ravenna in January 2007
After Pescara relegated to Serie C1, Pomante returned to Pescara and was a regular starter of the team. He signed a new 3-year contract in April 2008. But on 31 August 2009 he left for Andria BAT of the same group. Pescara promoted back to Serie B as the group A runner-up and Andria BAT just able to survive by winning the relegation play-off of group A.
In August 2010 he was loaned to Prima Divisione newcomer Nocerina. He wore no.83 shirt before left the team.
International.
He played once for Italy under-21 Serie B representative team against Bosnia and Herzegovina U21, as right back. U21 Serie B won the eastern neighbor 3–2.

</doc>
<doc id="31179993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179993" title="Perna">
Perna

Perna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31179995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31179995" title="Solidarity (U.S. newspaper)">
Solidarity (U.S. newspaper)

Solidarity, a newspaper published by the Industrial Workers of the World, was an eastern U.S. publication. The newspaper, the official periodical of the organization in its early years, was born of the McKees Rocks strike in 1909, initially by the IWW's Pittsburgh-New Castle Industrial Council. During the IWW's involvement in the local steel industry in New Castle and in Butler, Pennsylvania, the entire editorial and production staff of "Solidarity" was jailed.
Ben H. Williams edited "Solidarity" from 1909 to 1916. Ralph Chaplin became editor of "Solidarity" as Williams' successor. Publication was carried on in New Castle, Pennsylvania, and later in Cleveland, Ohio, and Chicago, Illinois.
The first issue of "Solidarity" was published on December 18, 1909, and publication lasted until March 18, 1917. In November, 1917, publication of "Solidarity" was suspended and replaced by "Defense News Bulletin", which chronicled the IWW's legal campaign to defend union members and leaders who had been arrested under the government's anti-syndicalism campaign. "Defense News Bulletin" continued publication until July 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="31180004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180004" title="Hardt Railway">
Hardt Railway

The Hardt Railway () is a railway line in the Karlsruhe region of Germany. Originally built as part of the Rhine Railway, a through main line, it now forms a branch line from Karlruhe to Hochstetten. The line runs along the western edge of the forest of Hardtwald, from which it takes its name.
Today the line is owned and operated, as part of the Stadtbahn Karlsruhe, by the Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (AVG).
Route.
Hardt Railway (since 1979).
The safe-working system on the line changes from the German tram operating procedures (BOStrab) to rail operating procedures (EBO) north of Haus Bethlehem station. Once the track has returned to street level, it passes across a "bridge to nowhere” over the unfinished "Karlsruhe Nordtangente" (north tangent) highway. It then runs through an S-curve on to the route of the old Hardt line and follows it to Eggenstein. Shortly after it crosses the Pfinz flood relief canal ("Pfinz-Entlastungskanal") it leaves the route of the Hardt line to run further west through the centre of Leopoldshafen. Between Leopolshafen and Linkenheim it comes within a few metres of the old route, but it then runs to the west of the Hardt line through the centre of Linkenheim to terminate in the housing estate of Langer Berg in Hochstetten.
Historic Hardt Railway (to 1967/1979).
Following the opening of the new Karlsruhe Central Station ("Hauptbahnhof") in 1913, the old Hardt Railway followed the tracks of the Palatine Maximilian Railway to Mühlburg. One kilometre after Mühlburg station, the old Hardt Railway separates from the two tracks of the Palatine Maximilian Railway and turns to the right. It then runs directly through the industrial area of Knielingen and then crosses highway B 36. Just prior to Neureut it connecs with the new Stadtbahn line and the old and new lines run on the same tracks to Eggenstein. The old Hardt Railway is damantled from Leopoldshafen, but the railway tracks can still easily be recognised on the outskirts of Leopoldshafen. In Linkenheim the route is now built over north of Bahnhofstraße. After that, the line ran on the far eastern edge of Hochstetten to pass through the Hardt forest, where the route can be made out again for a few kilometres to Graben-Neudorf station.
Until 1913, the old Hardt Railway ran from the old Karlsruhe station (in the city centre at Ettlinger Tor) together with the Maxau Railway ("Maxaubahn") as far as Mühlburger Tor station in a long, semi-circular curve and then separated from the Maxau Railway to continue to run north along the current Erzbergerstraße to Karlsruher Nordstadt, which was then in the middle of the Hardt forest. It then ran to the north for a few kilometres through an area that was undeveloped at the time, but which is now the location of the Neureut districts of Heide and Kirchfeldsiedlung, which were developed after the Second World War, to reach Neureut where it reached the route of the line opened in 1913.
History.
Opening and first years (1870–1890).
Construction of the Baden Mainline ("Badische Hauptbahn") started in 1840 from Mannheim, running via Heidelberg to Karlsruhe, and it was extended to Basel by 1855. However, the indirect route via Heidelberg bypassed part of the natural catchment area of Mannheim which was located close to the Rhine, including towns such as Schwetzingen and Hockenheim.
This led to a vigorous debate about the southern part of a proposed line from Mannheim to Karlsruhe close to the Rhine: under the plan, the railway would run via Linkenheim, Eggenstein and Neureut to Mühlburger Tor and from there run together with the Maxau Railway to Karlsruhe station. The Grand Duke of Baden, Frederick I approved the building of this route despite efforts to have the line run to the east of Karlsruhe. It was accepted that through traffic in the north-south direction might not run on the line and that it would instead continue to run on the Heidelberg–Karlsruhe line.
The Mannheim–Schwetzingen–Graben Neudorf–Eggenstein–Karlsruhe line via the Hardt forest was opened on 4 August 1870. It was called the "Rhine Railway" from the beginning.
Further development and decommissioning (1890–1967).
As it was expected that there would soon be another war with France, plans were made to build strategic railways. Against this background, the German general staff demanded above all a line on the Graben-Neudorf–Blankenloch–Karlsruhe–Durmersheim–Rastatt–Roeschwoog–Haguenau route, which was inaugurated in 1895. Since the line via Blankenloch was shorter and more direct, trains on the Rhine Railway from then on ran on the strategic line. The Karlsruhe–Eggenstein–Graben-Neudorf section of the line, which was now called the "Hardtbahn" (Hardt Railway), was no longer used by through trains to Mannheim, instead services on the line ended in Graben-Neudorf.
In 1900, it was decided to relocate Karlsruhe Central Station, which was then in the centre of the city at Ettlinger Tor to the then southern suburbs. This project, which was completed in 1913, involved relocating the route of the Hardt Railway within the city of Karlsruhe and the then independent municipality of Neureut. As a result the Hart Railway now followed the relocated Maxau Railway (which was, in effect, the Baden section of the Palatine Maximilian Railway) to Mühlburg station and then continued for another kilometre, where it separated from the Maxau Railway to the right and ran straight towards Neureut.
As a result of continuously falling patronage on the Hardt line, last listed in the timetable as line number 302e, since 1950, passenger services were abandoned on 28 May 1967. The line was then dismantled between Graben-Neudorf and the turnoff to the east to the Nuclear Research Centre Karlsruhe ("Kernforschungszentrum Karlsruhe", now the North Campus of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology), which was located in the Hardt forest between Leopoldshafen and Linkenheim. Only the freight to the U.S. barracks in Neureut and to the Research Centre preserved the line from full closure. From 1952 to 1974 there was a siding connecting with the U.S. base at the old airfield on the pre-1913 route of the line.
Beginning of Stadtbahn operations (1967–1979).
After Neureut was incorporated in Karlsruhe in 1974, it was agreed to connect it to the Karlsruhe tram network. A route had been reserved for this purpose east of the Hardt Railway, running to the Neureut development area. 
The possibility of using the Hardt Railway to Neureut for the tram service was considered. From 1978, the AVG extended line A, which started on the Alb Valley Railway ("Albtalbahn") or the Busenbach–Ittersbach railway, through Karlsruher Nordweststadt to Neureut.
This was followed by lengthy and difficult negotiations between the AVG and Deutsche Bundesbahn. The originally planned route for a separate tram link has not been built on yet and it can still be seen clearly. On 23 December 1977, an agreement was finally reached between DB and AVG that would allow the AVG and DB freight to share use of the line in Neureut. An AVG multiple unit ran over the line to prove that operations were possible. Work then began.
The redesigned section was opened to Neureut on 5 August 1979. A service ran as line A on the tracks of the Hardt Railway from Welschneureuter Straße station to the temporary terminus at Neureut Kirchfeld. The first trains ran at twenty-minute intervals to Neureut. This extension of an inner city tram route on a former DB route was one of the steps in the development of the Karlsruhe model.
Extension to Leopoldshafen and Hochstetten (1979–1989).
On 2 July 1982, the city of Karlsruhe and the municipalities of Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen and Linkenheim-Hochstetten signed an agreement which provided for the extension of the Hardt Railway as far as Hochstetten. 
In 1982, the city of Karlsruhe took over the line from the connection with the tram line from the DB. Freight on the line, however, was still operated by the DB. On 1 January 1987, the whole line from the tram loop in Nordweststadt to Neureut became the property of the AVG.
In 1983, Stadtbahn multiple units were purchased to replace the articulated multiple units used by AVG on A line in August 1983. The new sets offered significantly more capacity.
In November 1985, rebuilding began on the Hardt Railway between Neureut and Leopoldshafen. This section was opened on 13 December 1986. It follows the route of the old Hardt Railway as far as Eggenstein and it then runs through the town centre in Leopoldshafen. In 1987 and 1988, several platforms on the Hardt Railway were raised to 38 centimetres to give passengers a less difficult entry into the vehicles and thus accelerate boarding. 
On 3 June 1989, the Hardt Railway was then extended to Hochstetten. The original plans had envisaged that the line would initially run through Linkenheim on the old route and then run on a new route through both Linkenheim and Hochstetten in order to open them up. Ultimately, the line was built entirely through the centre of Linkenheim on the former federal highway B 36, which was moved to a bypass in order to reduce conflicts with cars in the limited space in the town centres.
Further development (1989–1997).
Since 8 December 1989, a pair of trains run twice a day also to the Karlsruhe Research Centre. The track was extended for this purpose within the site at the research centre so that a station could be built. Shortly thereafter, in early 1990, it was agreed to allow freight trains to the research centre to pass in future through the centre of Leopoldshafen, making the old Hardt railway between Eggenstein and the branch to the research centre unnecessary. It was therefore dismantled in 1990. A steam locomotive was parked for a long time on the old route of the Hardt railway in Leopoldshafen. The track was officially closed on 27 May 1997.
In 1990, a second track was built on line in Neureut and, in 1992, a second track was built in Leopoldshafen between Frankfurter Str. station and the return loop. In early 1993, the section between Eggenstein Bahnhof (station) and Eggenstein Schweriner Str. was also rebuilt with two tracks. 
With the establishment of the Karlsruher Verkehrsverbunde (Karlsruhe Transport Association) in 1994, line A was finally renamed S 1 (for services on the Hochstetten–Ettlingen (–Bad Herrenalb) route) and S 11 (for services on the Hochstetten–Ettlingen–Ittersbach route). At the end of 1995, the new station of Eggenstein Süd was opened south of Eggenstein and the second track was extended from Eggenstein Bahnhof to the new station, so that the Hardt Railway is now continuously double-track in Eggenstein.
In 1997, the section between Neureut-Kirchfeld station and the bridge over the highway 36 was duplicated and since then only about 500 metres of the line between Neureut and Eggenstein is single-track. The new double-track sections allow for better time keeping over the whole line.
Since 1998.
The AVG has upgraded or replaced the remaining tracks in Neureut and between Neureut and Eggenstein, which in places were around 100 years old. In order to facilitate the management of the line, the AVG bought the entire line from the DB, including the freight link between Neureut and Mühlburg, and took over the operation of the remaining freight traffic on the Hardt Railway.
In recent times there have been two fatal accidents on the Hardt Railway: at the end of 2003, a student was killed at Leopoldshafen Viermorgen and only a half year later there was a similar incident at Linkenheim Schulzentrum. 
The 1870–1913 route of the Hardt Railway through Karlsruher Nordstadt has been used since May 2006 as part of the tram network of Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe (Karlsruhe Transport Company, VBK) for tram line 3.
Possible extension from Dettenheim to Philippsburg.
Attempts to have the Hardt Railway extended through the two Dettenheim districts of Liedolsheim and Rußheim to Philippsburg have not yet been implemented and it is unclear whether the extension will ever be realised. For a long time, according to the long-time chairman of the AVG Dieter Ludwig, there have only been "rough drawings with a pen."
Several years ago there were some preliminary investigations, which produced two options: both would leave the existing line just before the Hochstetten Altenheim stop and run straight ahead for about five hundred metres. The existing station would be relocated as a result.
While one version would run through the middle of the towns of Hochstetten and Liedolsheim, the other would only pass through the outskirts of these towns. Under both options Hochstetten would receive another stop and Liedolsheim would receive a total of two stops. In both options the line would run through Rußheim to end at Philippsburg station on the Bruhrain Railway.
Operations.
Timetable.
The "New Hardt Railway" is now integration into the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn network as lines S 1 and S 11. Both lines run from Hochstetten through the centre of Karlsruhe and over the Alb Valley Railway towards Ettlingen.
Between Karlsruhe and Neureut services operate at ten-minute intervals to about 9 PM. Services operate to Hochstetten during the same period at least every 20 minutes and there are a few services that terminate at Leopoldshafen. The DC-powered Stadtbahn vehicles operated by AVG on the line are similar in construction to Stadtbahnwagen B vehicles. Dual-system (AC/DC) vehicles were in use on the Hardt Railway only in 1991 and 1992. 
All stations have platforms with a height of 34 centimetres. Eggenstein Süd, Leopoldshafen Viermorgen and Hochstetten Altenheim are request stops.
Operations to KIT Campus Nord.
In the morning a total of two trains run to KIT Campus Nord (the north campus of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology). The trains are decoupled at the Leopoldshafen Frankfurter Strasse stop with the front carriages continuing to Hochstetten and the rear carriages running to Campus Nord. The trip to Campus Nord can only be used by local staff, so a security check is performed shortly before the train reaches the site of the Campus Nord. Campus Nord station consists of two terminating tracks. Since there is no turning loop, the incoming set must be equipped for two-way operations or the departing trains must be operated in reverse (most Karlsruhe Stadtbahn vehicles are designed to only run in one direction normally). Two trains depart from Campus Nord in the afternoon peak hour. They wait at the Leopoldshafen Frankfurter Strasse stop for the train from Hochstetten, which is then coupled to the rear.

</doc>
<doc id="31180046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180046" title="Nallur, Tirunelveli">
Nallur, Tirunelveli

Nallur is a panchayat town in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="31180048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180048" title="John McMaster">
John McMaster

John McMaster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31180059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180059" title="Rotary Cell Culture System">
Rotary Cell Culture System

The Rotary Cell Culture System (RCCS) is a device designed to grow three-dimensional cell clusters in microgravity. In the early 1990s, NASA researchers began developing hardware that would let them study the cell tissues of mammals—including humans—in microgravity. They also needed it to protect the fragile cultures from the turbulence of Space Shuttle launch and landing. The resulting device enables the growth of tissue, cancer tumors and virus cultures outside the body, both in space and on Earth.
The cell culture bioreactor—known commercially as the Rotary Cell Culture System (RCCS) -- boasts several advantages that exceed typical laboratory methods. Lab-grown cell cultures tend to be small, flat and two-dimensional, unlike normal cultures. But tissues grown in the RCCS are larger and three-dimensional, with structural and chemical characteristics similar to normal tissue. Additionally, the RCCS has no internal moving parts, therefore minimizing any forces that might damage the delicate cell cultures.
Using RCCS technology, researchers could potentially test chemotherapy agents on a patient's own cancer cells from outside the patient's body. There are similar possibilities for AIDS research: the RCCS can produce human HIV host cells that can be infected and studied.
Today, leading research facilities across the United States are employing the RCCS to study cancer, cystic fibrosis and infectious diseases such as the avian flu, Ebola virus and monkey pox. They're also using the RCCS to provide tissues for the development of HIV vaccines and other drugs.
A closed tubular cylinder forms the system's cell culture chamber, which is filled with a liquid medium in which cells grow on micrometre-size beads. The chamber rotates around a horizontal axis, allowing the cells to develop in an environment similar to the free-fall of microgravity. Oxygen, required by cells for growth, is fed into the liquid medium through a porous wall in the chamber.
The NASA researchers who led the development of the cell culture bioreactor were named co-recipients of the 1991 NASA Inventor of the Year Award because of their work on the project.

</doc>
<doc id="31180062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180062" title="Izatha heroica">
Izatha heroica

Izatha heroica is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread in the South Island, but mainly in the west.
The wingspan is 23–29 mm for males and 27–32 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in January, February and early March.
Larvae have been reared from erect dead "Leptospermum". The host may have been "Kunzea ericoides" or "Leptospermum scoparium", since both were placed in the Leptospermum genus at this time. 

</doc>
<doc id="31180088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180088" title="Izatha hudsoni">
Izatha hudsoni

Izatha hudsoni is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread throughout the North Island.
The wingspan is 19–26 mm for males and 20–27.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to January.
Larvae have been reared from mixed dead branches and from dead twigs of "Aristotelia serrata".

</doc>
<doc id="31180124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180124" title="Izatha huttonii">
Izatha huttonii

Izatha huttonii is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the South Island, Stewart Island, and the Wellington district of the North Island.
The wingspan is 18–25 mm for males and 20–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to March.
Larvae have been recorded feeding on dead branches of "Aristotelia serrata". The only other definite host is "Coprosma robusta". The larva is full fed in November, and pupates in the wood without making a cocoon.

</doc>
<doc id="31180139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180139" title="Tübingen Hauptbahnhof">
Tübingen Hauptbahnhof

Tübingen Hauptbahnhof is the largest station in the university town of Tübingen and the district of Tübingen, and a transport hub in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Location.
The station is located south of the centre of the old town on the opposite side of the Neckar. It was originally built in open fields, that are now the southern Tübingen districts of Derendingen and Südstadt. In 1960 a bus station was established in the station forecourt (Europaplatz), which is now used by 34 bus routes daily, connecting the station to the entire city.
History.
In 1861, the Upper Neckar Railway (now called the Neckar-Alb Railway as far as Tübingen) from Stuttgart was extended from Reutlingen via Tübingen to Rottenburg am Neckar. The line was then further extended in several stages until 1870, when it finally reached Immendingen on the Black Forest Railway, connecting to Lake Constance. This provided the rail link to the capital of the former Kingdom of Württemberg for the then 8,000 residents of Tübingen and about 30,000 residents in the administrative district of Oberamt Tübingen that then included Tübingen. In 1861/1862, the still preserved station building was built to a design by the architect Josef Schlierholz. At the same time an engine depot was established in Tübingen. From 1867 to 1874, the Royal Württemberg State Railways built the Hohenzollern Railway ("Hohenzollernbahn", now the Zollernalb Railway—"Zollernalbbahn") from Tübingen via Hechingen to Sigmaringen, making Tübingen into a railway junction. Once the Ammer Valley Railway from Herrenberg was connected to Tübingen on 1 May 1910, the present form of the rail junction was largely achieved. In 1916, an underpass was built to the two island platforms, the entrance building was extended to the west with the construction of the so-called exit hall, the interior of the entrance building was rebuilt and the platforms were covered. Apart from changes of use, in particular the conversion of waiting rooms and storage areas to shops and restaurants, and minor changes, such as the removal of the platform barriers, it is largely unchanged since then.
Air raid shelters were set up in the basement of the entrance building in 1937.
Current operations.
Layout of the station.
The Tübingen Hauptbahnhof now has eight running lines, five of which are equipped with platforms: track 1 is the main platform track, the two island platforms are bordered by tracks 2/3 and 5/6. On the island platforms there are also the bay platforms 9–12, of which only 12 is used for passenger operations. At the western end of the main platform there is another bay platform, track 13. The former freight yard was to the west of the station, close to the engine depot and the Ammer Valley Railway, Zollernalb Railway and Upper Neckar Railway. Only a few of its tracks are still in use for stabling trains.
All tracks have LCD destination displays for passenger information. There is also a Deutsche Bahn service point and a travel centre. Two restaurants and various shops are available for visitors. The station also has a federal police station and a contact point of the "Bahnhofsmission" (a charity).
Tübingen Hauptbahnhof is not accessible for the handicapped, but DB Station&Service is implementing a development plan to overcome this problem during 2011 as part of the station modernisation program of Baden-Württemberg; work started in the spring of 2010. In the course of this work platforms will also be raised, circulation areas will be modernised and the infrastructure will be better aligned with operating requirements.
Services.
Long distance services.
Until the new timetable in December 2009, there were no scheduled long-distance services to Tübingen. Since then, a pair of trains on InterCity line 32 was extended from Stuttgart to Tübingen. The service is being trialled for two years and it will then be reviewed.
Regional services.
The following Interregio-Express (IRE), Regional-Express (RE) and Regionalbahn (RB) services operate:
Prospects.
After the planned completion of the Stuttgart 21 project, it is planned to operate four trains per hour each way between Stuttgart and Tübingen in 2020. Two pairs of trains per hour will stop in Nürtingen and Stuttgart Flughafen/Messe station, running via the proposed Little Wendlingen Curve and a section of the new Wendlingen–Ulm high-speed line. Two pairs of trains an hour will run via Plochingen. Diesel powered tilting trains will no longer run on the line, because they will be banned in the new Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof.
Services will operate via Stuttgart to Heilbronn, Mannheim, Aalen and Karlsruhe providing connections without requiring changes of trains.

</doc>
<doc id="31180160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180160" title="Nicholas (Smisko)">
Nicholas (Smisko)

Metropolitan Nicholas (secular name Richard Smiško; February 23, 1936 – March 13, 2011) was metropolitan bishop of Amissos and Primate of the American Carpatho-Russian Orthodox Diocese of the USA.
Early life.
Richard Smisko was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey. After graduating from Perth Amboy High School, he entered Christ the Saviour Seminary in Johnstown, Pennsylvania to study for the Holy Priesthood. Upon graduation, he was ordained on January 11, 1959 by Bishop Orestes P. Chornock in Perth Amboy, N.J. His first pastorate was at Saints Peter and Paul Church in Windber, Pennsylvania, where he served until 1962
Priesthood and Episcopacy.
A new phase of his life began when he embarked on a year's study at the renowned Theological School of Halki, Constantinople. During his stay in the city, the young priest was assigned by the late Patriarch Athenagoras I to serve the spiritual needs of the large Slavic Orthodox community in the Galata section of Istanbul. He also traveled extensively throughout Europe and the Middle East, visiting the sacred sites of the Holy Land and living for a time on Mount Athos, the ancient monastic center of the Orthodox Church.
Upon his return to the United States, he resumed his studies at Youngstown State University, Ohio, and the University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown. He was then assigned as Prefect of Discipline at Christ the Saviour Seminary in Johnstown, and served several parishes in the Johnstown area, before relocating in 1971 to New York City, where he served as pastor of St. Nicholas Church.
He was elevated to the rank of Archimandrite in 1976, and was elected by the Holy Synod of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople as Auxiliary Bishop for the Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America and was consecrated as Bishop of Amissos (modern day Samsun) on March 13, 1983.
Following the death of Bishop John (Martin) in September 1984, Bishop Nicholas was chosen as the third ruling hierarch of the American Carpatho-Russian Orthodox Diocese and was enthroned in Christ the Saviour Cathedral by Archbishop Iakovos of America on April 19, 1985.
He was elevated to the rank of Metropolitan, by Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I on November 24, 1997.
In recognition for his labors Metropolitan Nicholas received the Saints Cyril and Methodius Award given by the Orthodox Church of Czechoslovakia, the St. Sava Award from Patriarch Pavle of the Serbian Orthodox Church and the honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from the Hellenic College and Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology.
Death.
Metropolitan Nicholas died on March 13, 2011 at Windber Hospital Hospice in Windber, Pennsylvania, from complications from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31180166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180166" title="Sexy Beach Zero">
Sexy Beach Zero

The game has improved graphics and lighting, as compared to previous Illusion-developed games. It contains an anaglyph 3D feature as well as HDR lighting. The camera controls are the same as the previous game, "Sexy Beach 3". Left-clicking allows the player to rotate around the character and right-clicking allows the player to pan on a 2D plane in front of the character. The camera also features multiple saved positions which can be attained by pressing keyboard letters: Q, W, E, R or T.
Gameplay.
The player follows a distinct progression with each girl by going on dates, talking and giving gifts in order to build trust. As the player builds trust, the girl opens up to the player. She eventually lets the player engage in "eroge" gesture in the form of sexual mini-games. Each girl has a distinctive swimsuit type. When playing with each girl, the player can access new swimsuits to buy and use to dress up the girls.
The game also features picture-taking opportunities with professional models known as "Gravure idols." By using the camera, the player can control the models and take instant pictures of different scenes with a touch of the print-screen button. After the player completes the scenes with each girl, the "Free Mode" is unlocked. This allows complete customization of clothes and body options for the girls such as arms, bust, hips, calves and butt. The player can then select from any scene in the game to view with the customized options.
Characters.
All five girls in "Sexy Beach Zero" were chosen from the characters of previous Illusion games:

</doc>
<doc id="31180186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180186" title="Izatha peroneanella">
Izatha peroneanella

Izatha peroneanella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is found throughout the North Island, except the Aupouri Peninsula of Northland.
The wingspan is 15–24.5 mm for males and 17–29.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to early April.
Larvae have been recorded feeding on the dead wood of a variety of angiosperm species. Larvae have been reared from "Alseuosmia" species, "Carpodetus serratus", "Coprosma grandifolia", "Coriaria arborea", "Fuchsia excorticata", "Nestegis" species, "Pseudopanax arboreus", "Ripogonum scandens", "Sophora" species and "Wisteria" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31180205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180205" title="Marcelo Robledo">
Marcelo Robledo

Juan Marcelo Robledo Pizarro (born March 12, 1978 in Santa Fe, Argentina) is an Argentine-Bolivian footballer currently playing for Universitario de Sucre of the Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano.

</doc>
<doc id="31180214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180214" title="Julio Cengarle">
Julio Cengarle

Julio Cengarle is a retired Argentine-American football (soccer) Midfielder who played professionally in the United States, Costa Rica and Puerto Rico.
Cengarle moved to the United States as a boy. In 1989, he graduated from Don Bosco Preparatory High School in New Jersey. Cengarle attended Montclair State College where he played on the men's soccer team from 1989 to 1991. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1995.
In February 1, 1998, the Colorado Rapids selected Cengarle in the first round (eleventh overall) of the 1998 MLS Supplemental Draft. On March 4, 1998, the Rapids released Cengarle. He then signed with the Staten Island Vipers but left the team to join the Jacksonville Cyclones of the USISL A-League.
In 2007, he became an assistant with the New Jersey City University men's soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="31180234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180234" title="Izatha taingo">
Izatha taingo

Izatha taingo (Maori name Pepepepe tāingo o Ngāti Kuri) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the Aupouri peninsula of Northland.
The wingspan is 18.5–22.5 mm for males and about 16 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in October, November and December.
Etymology.
The Māori word "tāingo" means "speckled" or "mottled" and refers to the forewing pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="31180238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180238" title="Farhat Basir Khan">
Farhat Basir Khan

Farhat Basir Khan is an Indian Photographer and media expert. A senior most faculty member at the AJK Mass Communication and Research Centre, Jamia Millia Islamia where he holds the prestigious Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad Chair. Khan has completed several national and international media projects and consultancies and distinguished himself as a visiting faculty and jury member both in India and abroad. His contribution to photography and media studies in India, both as an academician as well as an industry professional, has been widely acknowledged.
Khan has also served as the Professor of Media & Communication at the AJK Mass Communication and Research Centre where he officiates as the director of the centre in absence of the director He has also founded the Academy for Photographic Excellence - a Jindal Photo Initiative with which he was associated in the capacity of professor and Director.
He uses new media formats like walk in multimedia installation for symposium and is considered to be the father of modern Photography and Mass education in India. Khan has been instrumental in vocationalisation of media education in the country. Been rigorously involved in designing new media courses and setting up facilities at Educational Institutes throughout. He helped in the formulation of the National education policy in 1993, was first to design and develop a three year undergraduate degree programme in still photography which was adopted by UGC, assisted the Department of Vocationalisation of Education for NCERT for their first photography vocational course at senior school level in mid eighties.
He has served as a member of many prestigious juries such as International CMS Vatavaran Film Festival, Delhi; Fuji Film Super Six, Film Photography and Animation Festivals at IIT Kanpur and Delhi; and for the last sveral years at the International Broadcast Convention for Content Creation, Management & Delivery in Netherlands, Amsterdam.
Khan produced the fifty-year commemorative audio-visual for UNICEF India as well as WHO SEAR. and contributes regularly to several electronic, print and web media.
Biography.
Khan was born on 2 August 1957 in Aligarh and completed his postgraduate degree at Aligarh Muslim University in 1978. He started his career as a photojournalist, but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and audio-visual producer. His interest in education led him to become a teacher of Photography at Aligarh Muslim University. Following industry exposure, he joined the AJK Mass Communication Research Centre, where he heads the Photography, Multimedia & Audio Visual sections and holds the Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad Chair. He further served as the Director of the Academy for Photographic Excellence; a Jindal Photo Initiative.
Work.
Khan is the senior faculty member of AJ Kidwai Mass Communication and Research Centre, Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi.
During his career as an academician he has taught several prominent names of the industry such as Shah Rukh Khan, Roshan Abbas, Barkha Dutt, Kabir Khan, Loveleen Tandan, Aseem Mishra and Saurabh Narang.
He has been rigorously involved in designing new Media Courses & setting up facilities at Educational Institutes and universities throughout the country. He also contributed under the National education policy in 1993, and was the first to design & develop a three year undergraduate degree programme in Still-Photography and audio video production which was adopted by the UGC for nation-wise assistance. He also assisted the Department of Vocationalisation of Education for NCERT for their first photography vocational course at senior school level in the mid-eighties. He is credited with the invention of several new formats like walk-thorough symposiums and multimedia installations. His curatorial project Votography integrates street theatre, installation, graphics and photography.
Commercial work.
An active commercial photographer, Khan is famous for his campaigns for Grey, Lintas, Leo Burnett, Atlas, Oberoi Maidens, Avis, Grasim and Delhi Police.
He has contributed to various international projects such as the One World programme for UNICEF delegates on Unspooling the Documentary Process and for institutes such as MIT, Russian Film School and Harvard Business School.
Khan was chosen to make an Audio Visual for Commemoration of 50 years for both UNICEF and WHO from amongst all the Professional Photographers around the world.
Sony World Photography Awards, Cannes.
His most recent international achievement has been to bring to India, the prestigious World Photography Award – Student Focus at the Palais des Festival in Cannes, defeating finalists from all the other continents. It was won by the team he was leading, consisting of two of his students at AJK Mass Communication Research Centre, Jamia in 2009. In 2010, the team led by him were the Asia finalists.
The award brought the focus of World Photography on India and AJK Mass Communication and Research Centre.
External links.
www.jmi.nic.in/
www.ajkmcrc.org/

</doc>
<doc id="31180242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180242" title="Munich Chamber Orchestra">
Munich Chamber Orchestra

The Munich Chamber Orchestra () is a professional chamber orchestra in Munich, Germany, known for programming contemporary music along with the classical repertory.
History.
The (MKO) was founded in 1950 by Christoph Stepp. Hans Stadlmair was the artistic director from 1956 to 1995. He conducted the orchestra in more than 4000 concerts, also on international tours and in collaboration with the Bayerischer Rundfunk. From 1995 to 2006, Christoph Poppen conducted the ensemble. Since 2006, Alexander Liebreich has been the principal conductor and artistic director. The orchestra is located at the Prinzregententheater. The string orchestra's current members are 15 violinists, four viola players, five cellists and two double bass players.
Program.
The repertory of the is based on classical works, expanded by contemporary music including premieres. Some concerts are held without a conductor; two principal violinists share that function. The orchestra is interested in collaborating with specialists for historically informed performances and with guest conductors, such as Heinz Holliger, Dennis Russell Davies, Anu Tali and Reinhard Goebel. Soloists have included Kim Kashkashian, Sabine Meyer, Christian Gerhaher, Juliane Banse, Viktoria Mullova, Heinrich Schiff and Lars Vogt. Each year, a theme connects the concerts at the Prinzregententheater. In the 2010/11 season, it is "Music and Architecture". In 2003, the orchestra established a new concert series in the Pinakothek der Moderne, entitled "", concentrating on the works of one contemporary composer. In 2011 it was dedicated to Karl Amadeus Hartmann.
Premieres.
The has regularly commissioned music of composers such as Erkki-Sven Tüür, Martin Jaggi, Thomas Larcher, Iannis Xenakis and Wolfgang Rihm, among others. In 1971 the orchestra premiered Wilhelm Killmayer's "fin al punto", composed for its 20th anniversary. The and the commissioned Jörg Widmann's "ad absurdum", "Konzertstück für Trompete in B und kleines Orchester" (concert piece for trumpet and small orchestra),which premiered on 18 January 2006 with soloist Sergei Nakariakov. In 2010 the orchestra premiered Peter Ruzicka’s "TRANS".
Selected recordings.
The has mainly recorded with the Edition of Contemporary Music (ECM). In 2009 they recorded "Madhares", works of Thomas Larcher for piano and orchestra with Till Fellner, for viola and chamber orchestra with Kim Kashkashian, conducted by Dennis Russell Davies.
Awards.
The was awarded the Musikpreis der Landeshauptstadt München in 2000, the prize for the best concert programming from the Deutscher Musikverleger-Verband (German association of music publishers) for the seasons 2001/02 and 2005/06, the Cannes Classical Award in 2002, the prize of the Christoph und Stephan Kaske Foundation in 2002 with Christoph Poppen, the Ernst von Siemens Förderpreis in 2001 to 2003. In 2008, the Bayerische Akademie der Schönen Künste awarded the prize Neues Hören (New Listening) of the foundation Neue Musik im Dialog (New Music Dialogue) for the successful delivery of contemporary music to the chamber orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="31180250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180250" title="Izatha oleariae">
Izatha oleariae

Izatha oleariae is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the subantarctic Snares Islands.
The wingspan is 15.5–20 mm for males and 15.5–20 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to February.
The larvae have been recorded boring in dead twigs and branches of "Olearia lyallii", or under the bark on dead trees of this species. One larva was found under a lead plate on a pine
nestpeg (a peg used to mark a penguin burrow), and another in the bark of a live "Brachyglottis stewartiae".

</doc>
<doc id="31180265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180265" title="Izatha spheniscella">
Izatha spheniscella

Izatha spheniscella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the subantarctic Snares Islands.
The wingspan is 14–15 mm for males and about 14 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in December and February.
Pupae have been found amongst green algae, the presumed larval host plant, on an overhanging granite rock on Rima Islet, part of the Western Chain of the Snares. The
male paratype from Alert Stack was found amongst crustose lichens, suggesting these may also be fed on by larvae.
Etymology.
The species name is a female diminutive of "spheniscus", a penguin, and refers to the female moth’s brachyptery and to the rocky subantarctic island habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="31180272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180272" title="Bernhard Ensink">
Bernhard Ensink

Dr. Bernhard Wilhelm Ensink (born September 5, 1956) ) is a Dutch theologian, politician and manager. He has been the Secretary General of the European Cyclists' Federation (ECF) since May 2006.
Life and education.
Bernhard Ensink grew up in Laar, Grafschaft Bentheim, Germany, where his German parents ran a farm. After graduating at the Gymnasium Nordhorn, he studied theology in Bethel/Bielefeld, Münster and Kampen. He obtained his master’s degree in 1985. The focus of his master thesis was on ‘time' in the works of the German Theologian Wolfhart Pannenberg. Additionally, he took courses for a diploma to teach German language at Dutch schools. From 1992 to 1994 he passed courses for human resource management, business administration and marketing for non-governmental organisations.
Bernhard Ensink currently lives in Coevorden, Drenthe. He is married and has two children.
Career.
From 1980 to 1987, Bernhard Ensink taught German language and religions at secondary schools in the Netherlands.
In 1987, he returned to the Theologische Universiteit Kampen to give lectures on the History of Theology and to do research. His PhD-thesis was on the relationship between ‘Ethics and Theology’, analyzing the works of Joseph Butler. He received his doctorate in 1995. His promoter was Prof. Dr. Gerrit Manenschijn.
In 1990, he was elected a member of the city council of Coevorden for the local political party PAC (Progressief Accoord Coevorden) for the first time. After he won the local elections with this party in 1994, he became the deputy mayor (Wethouder) in charge of finances, spatial planning, housing, environment, public relations and communications and small and medium enterprises. He was deputy mayor of Coevorden until 1998, when that city merged with four other municipalities to the new municipality Coevorden.
In 1998, he was the director ad interim of the regional environmental non-governmental organisation Milieufederatie Groningen for half a year. In November of that year, Ensink was appointed director of the Dutch "Fietsersbond" (Cyclists’ Union). He was the CEO of this non-governmental organisation for more than 7 years.
After he had left the city council of Coevorden in 1999 Bernhard Ensink was elected as a member of the city council again in 2006 and 2010. He is currently the leader of the PAC fraction and the second deputy of the chair of the council. Additionally, he is a member of the ‘Governance committee’ of the Dutch association of municipalities VNG (Vereniging Nederlandse Gemeenten).
In May 2006, Bernhard Ensink was appointed by the board of the international non-governmental organization European Cyclists' Federation (ECF) to Secretary General and Velo-city Series Director. Ensink’s tasks were to build up an office again in Brussels and to work in close co-operation with ECF President Manfred Neun on the further development of the Velo-city Conference Series.

</doc>
<doc id="31180276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180276" title="Herbert Langley">
Herbert Langley

Herbert Langley (1888–1967) was a well known early Twentieth Century British opera singer (baritone) who later also played various minor acting roles in a number of British films.

</doc>
<doc id="31180287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180287" title="Chu-Chin-Chow">
Chu-Chin-Chow

Chu-Chin-Chow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31180303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180303" title="Izatha prasophyta">
Izatha prasophyta

Izatha prasophyta is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the North Island, except Hawkes Bay or the Wairarapa.
The wingspan is 16–22.5 mm for males and 19.5–26 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to February.
Larvae have been reared from an unidentified log on a beach, and another from a fruiting body of the bracket fungus "Bjerkandera adusta" growing on an unidentified rotting stump.

</doc>
<doc id="31180304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180304" title="NZR WJ class">
NZR WJ class

The NZR WJ class was a class of one steam locomotive built by Baldwin Locomotive Works for service on New Zealand's private Wellington and Manawatu Railway (WMR). She acquired the WJ classification when the publicly owned New Zealand Railways Department (NZR) purchased the WMR and its locomotive fleet in 1908.
The locomotive entered service in July 1904 with WMR Road No. 3 (reused).
A massive 2-8-4T tank engine, known as Jumbo, she was acquired for banking duty out of Wellington up the Ngaio bank to Johnsonville, and was based at Wellington for all her life. She had worked 67,907 miles by 29 February 1908 (Cassells). Drivers and firemen alike, it has been written, hated "Jumbo", but all agreed that for sheer brute strength this engine took a lot of beating. Like all Baldwin locomotives, "Jumbo" had cast frames of the bar type. In this case they gave considerable trouble, for they persistently broke immediately behind the smokebox saddle (McGavin)
When taken into the NZR fleet in 1908, she was allocated her own class and NZR No. 466. With a tendency for breaking the bar frames on the heavy banking duty, she saw little service after 1920.
She was withdrawn in 1927 (Cassells) and written off on 31 March 1928 (Lloyd). The boiler was sent to the Taumarunui locomotive depot for use as a washout boiler.

</doc>
<doc id="31180312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180312" title="Shisochin">
Shisochin

There are two theories that explain the origins of kata shisochin: the first suggests that the shape or style comes from white heron or the Tiger, Shaolin kung fu, the other it is from mantis style.
It is said that the kata was introduced in Okinawa through the master Higaonna, when he returned from his trip he made to Fuchi, in Fujian province, where he learned the exercise from the master Ryu Ryu Ko, although some of circumstances did not corroborate the version, it seems that there was already a version of the kata, taught by master Seisho Aragaki.
Shisochin begins at the stance Sanchin dashi in three kyodo when applying three successive nukite zuki. There is a predominance of kaisho waza (open hand) techniques. The posture is eclectic, with high and low stances, highlighting the feature of adaptability. Besides Sanchin dashi, are well marked and "ayumi dashi" and "zenkutsu dashi".
The kata is symmetrical. And, alternating atemi waza, there are also projection techniques - nage waza - and grasping.

</doc>
<doc id="31180329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180329" title="Juan García-Santacruz Ortiz">
Juan García-Santacruz Ortiz

Juan García-Santacruz Ortiz (June 11, 1933 – March 12, 2011) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Guadix, Spain.
Ordained in 1956, he was named bishop in 1992; in 2009 Bishop García-Santacruz Ortiz retired

</doc>
<doc id="31180332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180332" title="Academic achievement">
Academic achievement

Academic achievement or (academic) performance is the outcome of education — the extent to which a student, teacher or institution has achieved their educational goals.
Academic achievement is commonly measured by examinations or continuous assessment but there is no general agreement on how it is best tested or which aspects are most important — procedural knowledge such as skills or declarative knowledge such as facts.
In California, the achievement of schools is measured by the Academic Performance Index.
Individual differences influencing academic performance.
Individual differences in academic performance have been linked to differences in intelligence and personality. Students with higher mental ability as demonstrated by IQ tests and those who are higher in conscientiousness (linked to effort and achievement motivation) tend to achieve highly in academic settings. A recent meta-analysis suggested that mental curiosity (as measured by typical intellectual engagement) has an important influence on academic achievement in addition to intelligence and conscientiousness.
Children's semi-structured home learning environment transitions into a more structured learning environment when children start first grade. Early academic achievement enhances later academic achievement.
Parent's academic socialization is a term describing the way parents influence students' academic achievement by shaping students' skills, behaviors and attitudes towards school. Parent influence students through the environment and discourse parents have with their children. Academic socialization can be influenced by parents' socio-economic status. Highly educated parents tend to have more stimulating learning environments.
Childrens' first few years of life are crucial to the development of language and social skills. School preparedness in these areas help students adjust to academic expectancies.
Another very important enhancer of academic achievement is the presence of physical activity. Studies have shown that physical activity can increase neural activity in the brain. Exercise specifically increases executive brain functions such as attention span and working memory.

</doc>
<doc id="31180352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180352" title="Chu Chin Chow (1934 film)">
Chu Chin Chow (1934 film)

Chu-Chin-Chow is a 1934 British musical film directed by Walter Forde and starring George Robey, Fritz Kortner and Anna May Wong. It was an adaptation of the hit musical "Chu Chin Chow" by Oscar Asche and Frederick Norton. 
The movie was the inspiration for Stan Lee's creation of the Marvel Comics monster Fin Fang Foom.

</doc>
<doc id="31180353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180353" title="Airgram">
Airgram

An airgram (abbr. "agam" or "agram") is a U.S. diplomatic term for a message sent by courier via the diplomatic bag instead of by telegram.

</doc>
<doc id="31180355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180355" title="Izatha caustopa">
Izatha caustopa

Izatha caustopa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known very locally from the southern half of the North Island.
The wingspan is 24–26 mm for males and 29–31.5 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in January, February, December and April.
Larvae have been reared from dead branches of "Fuchsia excorticata". They feed during the winter months, driving burrows through the soft wood in all directions. They are full grown about October.

</doc>
<doc id="31180375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180375" title="Izatha dasydisca">
Izatha dasydisca

Izatha dasydisca is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the northern half of the North Island.
The wingspan is 15–19 mm for males and about 26 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in December, January and February.
Etymology.
The name comes from the Greek "dasys" (meaning shaggy) and "diskos" (indicating the disc of the forewing) and refers to the scale-tufts which help to distinguish this species from "Izatha austera".

</doc>
<doc id="31180386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180386" title="Izatha manubriata">
Izatha manubriata

Izatha manubriata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the Southern South Island only. It is probably endemic to the Otago Lakes district and adjacent ranges of Central Otago.
The wingspan is 24.5–27.5 mm for males and about 26 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to early March.

</doc>
<doc id="31180392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180392" title="Fedorovo, Nookat">
Fedorovo, Nookat

Fedorovo is a village in the Nookat District of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan with population of 4,368 (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="31180395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180395" title="BlueToad, Inc.">
BlueToad, Inc.

BlueToad, Inc. is a digital publishing company that converts PDFs into digital editions viewable on desktop and mobile devices. Types of publications include magazines, retail circulars and catalogs, marketing brochures, and documents. 
Company.
BlueToad, Inc. was founded in 2007 and is based in Orlando, FL. The original founders are Brad Wriedt and Paul DeHart. In 2013, BlueToad Inc. was named one of the fastest-growing privately held companies in America by Inc. Magazine. The company currently converts over 200,000 pages of content and receives over 100 million page views each month.
Publishers.
Some of the publishing partners for BlueToad include:
Services.
BlueToad, Inc. the following services:
Anonymous, #antisec and UDID Leak.
In September 2012 a group of hackers associated with hacking collective Anonymous and the sub-meme #antisec (also written as AntiSec) published the UDID records of 1,000,000 Apple iPhones and claimed that they possessed 12 million such records. Announcements of the hack claim that the source was a hacked FBI agent, however an independent forensic researcher and BlueToad later claimed that the dumped data came from BlueToad's intranet.

</doc>
<doc id="31180398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180398" title="Sahana Bajpaie">
Sahana Bajpaie

Sahana Bajpaie () is an Indian-Bangladeshi musician and contemporary exponent of Tagore songs. 
Early life.
Sahana was born in Santiniketan, West Bengal and started taking music lessons from her father Bimal Bajpaie, a Tagore scholar, at child age. She learnt her first song at the age of three. Both of her parents were professors of Political Science in North Bengal University.
She lived in Santiniketan from 1982 until 2002. Sahana trained in Indian classical music and Rabindra Sangeet under Bijoy Sinha, Chitra Roy, Shyamoli Bandopadhyay, Chandan Mand and Mita Huq.
In 2007 her album on Tagore Songs "Notun Kore Pabo Boley" was released by Bengal Music Company. The soundscape was designed and composed by Arnob. She wrote songs for Arnob and performed vocals for his solo albums - "Chaina Bhabish (2006)", "Hok Kolorob (2007)" and "Doob (2008)". She had performed at Alexander Hall, Canary Wharf, London, with the band Bangla in 2006.
Education.
Sahana was in the faculty of English department in BRAC University, Dhaka from May 2005 until May 2008. She pursued further studies at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. She is currently working as a teaching fellow at the School of Oriental and African Studies.
Concerts.
Sahana had been performing in India and Bangladesh since 1998. Here is a partial list of her performances:
Personal life.
Sahana was married to the Bangladeshi musician Shayan Chowdhury Arnob for seven years. They met while studying in Patha Bhavana. They were divorced in 2008. Sahana now lives in London with her husband, an Englishman named Richard Herrett, and a young daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="31180405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180405" title="Suzie Wong (TV host)">
Suzie Wong (TV host)

Suzie Wong () (17 February 1955- ), born Ko Chung Lau (), is a popular DJ and TV cooking programme host.
Wong came out as lesbian in 2010, and announced that her partner is Taiwanese actress Elaine Jin.

</doc>
<doc id="31180406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180406" title="Izatha convulsella">
Izatha convulsella

Izatha convulsella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread in the eastern part of the South Island. In the North Island, it has only been recorded from Wellington, Otaki, Palmerston North, Taihape and Waipawa.
The wingspan is 14–20 mm for males and 13.5–19 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late September to February.
Larvae have been recorded living under the bark of "Dacrydium cupressinum". The true food plant may be lichens growing on the bark.

</doc>
<doc id="31180416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180416" title="Erik Derycke">
Erik Derycke

Erik Derycke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31180431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180431" title="Izatha gekkonella">
Izatha gekkonella

Izatha gekkonella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the region of the Taieri and Shag River catchments in eastern Otago.
The wingspan is 13.5–15.5 mm for males and 13.5–17 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in October, November and December.
Larvae have been recorded feeding on lichens on rock-faces, making a silken web amongst the lichens.
Etymology.
The name gekkonella means "little gecko" and refers to the moth’s mottled and scaly appearance under the microscope, as well as its gecko-like fondness for rockfaces. Geckos are common and diverse in the region of the South Island favoured by "I. gekkonella".

</doc>
<doc id="31180438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180438" title="Natal Railway Company">
Natal Railway Company

The Natal Railway Company was formed in January 1859 for the construction of a railway in Durban.
Unlike later railways in South Africa, the Natal Railway Company made use of Standard gauge of rather than Cape gauge of .
The railway's first steam locomotive, the 0-4-0WT "Natal" started operations on 26 June 1860. Up until that time the railway had been operated using ox-drawn wagons. The inaugural run was across a stretch from Market Square in Durban to the newly built Point station at Durban harbour.
Alexander McArthur, the mayor of Durban described the new line in a letter to Sir George Grey.
The Natal Railway’s initial rolling stock consisted of six wagons, two travelling cranes and one passenger coach. By 25 January 1867 the line had been extended a further to Umgeni, from where stone, quarried from the Umgeni River, was transported to the harbour.
The Natal remained in service for fifteen years, until the Natal Government decided in 1875 to convert the railways to Cape gauge in conformance with the railways in the Cape Province. The Natal Railway Company was bought by the Natal Government Railways in 1877 for the price of ₤40,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31180440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180440" title="List of Olympic venues in synchronized swimming">
List of Olympic venues in synchronized swimming

For the Summer Olympics, there have been nine venues that have been or will be used for synchronized swimming. All of the venues used for this sport are also that used for swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="31180445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180445" title="Izatha gibbsi">
Izatha gibbsi

Izatha gibbsi is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the western North Island.
The wingspan is 12.5–13.5 mm for males and 13.5–20 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in February and March.
Etymology.
This species is named after George W. Gibbs, in honour of his major contribution to New Zealand entomology over many years, and especially his work on the biogeography and systematics of primitive microlepidoptera.

</doc>
<doc id="31180459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180459" title="Izatha minimira">
Izatha minimira

Izatha minimira is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the northern North Island, from Northland to the Bay of Plenty.
The wingspan is about 12.5 mm for males and 13–17.5 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in January, February, March and April.
Etymology.
The name refers to the superficial appearance of the moth, which resembles a miniature version of "Izatha mira".

</doc>
<doc id="31180466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180466" title="Chinese Wand Exercise">
Chinese Wand Exercise

Chinese Wand Exercise is an obscure ancient exercise system, related to the martial art Kung Fu. The “wand” in Chinese Wand Exercise is a 48-50” long dowel, 1” in diameter, (wood or bamboo, for example), used as a fulcrum for balance, form and posture. “It’s the pyramid effect, with you as center.” “Seventeen gentle bending, twisting and lunging movements flow in exact order, specially designed to get the blood circulating more efficiently throughout the body. These exercises are done in gradual, easy ‘Stages’ while using an original Chinese deep-breathing technique” and chi energy, and can be easy or more challenging as the individual chooses.
Together they exercise every major muscle in the body and take no more than 20 minutes to complete. The relative ease of the 17 moves (11 standing and six floor exercises) engage all the organs and muscles of the body together in harmony rather than separating out one part of the body from another. This produces a more efficient way of staying fit and healthy by increasing and balancing the chi energy.
“Chinese Wand prevents illness and delays the aging process of many cells.” Together, they exercise the entire body safely and gently. Chinese Wand was known as a “preventive” of disease while acupuncture was the “treatment.”
History in China.
Although awareness of its existence is recent, Chinese Wand is said to be thousands of years old. It was passed down through Grand Masters and kept private for the use of the succeeding Chinese rulers and their families. They were devised for the emperor to slow down the aging process and maintain perfect health.
The exercises were derived from studying animals at play in nature, hence some of the names of the forms: “Springing of the Tiger,” “Raising of the Bird’s Wing,” “Panda Rolls,” to name a few. Chinese wand is not by itself taught as a method of self-defense.
It should be noted that the source of all current information stems from Bruce L. Johnson, who is currently the only known living Grand Master of Chinese Wand.
Coming To America.
According to Johnson, when he was 19 he learned the exercises from 93-year old Grand Master Ch’eng in 1945. He and two Navy buddies, all wrestlers, were exploring Shanghai and were amazed by an 80-year old rickshaw man’s ability to pull a wide rickshaw with the three muscular seamen up and down the steep hills of Shanghai. Johnson pursued the slight Chinese man who eventually led him to the slender, regal Grand Master. Upon meeting Dr. Ch’eng at his home in Shanghai, the tall, 235-pound 19-year old was unable to take down the 130 lb. Ch’eng who, seemingly inexplicably, fended him off and left him lying on the floor after each of three increasingly aggressive advances. He used an ancient “spinning” technique. Johnson, convinced that he had to learn everything this man could teach, was soon accepted as a student by Ch’eng, who was no doubt impressed and amused by the young headstrong man’s potential and enthusiasm for learning all he could. Eventually Dr. Ch’eng, having lost his sons in the war between China and Japan, trusted Johnson enough to pass on the knowledge and techniques he would need to become the next Grand Master.
Biography of Grand Master Bruce L. Johnson.
Minnesota-raised Bruce Leroy Johnson, (born June 21, 1926) was a sickly child who overcame his early beginnings through exercise and body-building. Health and physical fitness became a lifelong passion, as well as a quest to stay young and embrace Nature.
After high school, during World War II, the handsome blue-eyed, black-haired (of Swedish and Iroquois decent) Johnson became a Navy heavyweight wrestling champion who excelled in physical exploits and competitions. He also was a navy ranger, and one of the first to reach the shores of Iwo Jima. His mother’s sister was married to revered World War II journalist and author, Ernie Pyle, with whom Bruce had a close relationship and who was killed only a few miles from where Johnson was, on the island of Ie Shima. He is often called upon to accept memorial awards on behalf of his uncle.
Johnson studied at the Kodokan Institute in Tokyo, Japan where he earned three black belts in Judo.
Back in the states after World War II, Johnson tried to introduce the merits of the exercise system. But because of McCarthyism and the fear of Communism, there was little enthusiasm about anything Asian. Few showed interest in learning the unusual, oriental exercises.
Meanwhile, wanderlust led Johnson around the world finding work, often on ships. He was a bodyguard for King Farouk for a time. Wherever he went in the world, he sought out others who might have heard of Chinese Wand, even placing ads in local papers. But he never found anyone. As far as he knew, he was the only one who knew about it. Johnson spent time in Hollywood and found a small group of health food and fitness enthusiasts such as Mae West, Jimmy Durante, and others who became students. It has been rumored that he might have been the inspiration for the song “Nature Boy” (popularized by Nat King Cole) when he claimed he spent time with the songwriter, Eden Ahbez. Later, he taught celebrities such as James Coburn who was photographed in People Magazine doing the exercises.
Johnson became friends with Bruce Lee, and the two did demonstrations of strength and speed together. “Bruce was the only man who could ever ‘handle’ me - of course, he never knew Dr. Cheng.” Lee was quoted in Johnson’s book as saying, “All things are possible with the great Masters.”
In 1965, Johnson became a hero when he rescued three children from a shark in the Bahamas by swimming out and averting its attention . A fourth child was killed. Armed with only a pointed shell he grabbed on the beach, he fought the beast a full five minutes underwater, his leg in its mouth until he jabbed its eye with the shell and was able to escape, barely making it to shore. He won international acclaim and was honored by heads of three governments.
He caused another sensation in 1966 when he and a friend (who later became his wife) volunteered to spend an unspecified amount of time on an uninhabited Fiji Island with no supplies, only bathing suits and camera equipment. Learning too late that the island was far from idyllic limited their stay to 40 days, but caused national publicity.
Dramatic adventures seemed to follow the elusive Johnson who often found himself at the right place in time to rescue others from extreme danger (over 50 documented at the risk of his own life) including fires, mangled cars, even abusive husbands.
Johnson rarely spoke of his powers as a mystic. Students would sometimes notice supernatural transformations in his appearance as he taught the class. He was inclined to believe that Dr. Ch’eng was teaching through him. One famous psychic of his day, Peter Hurkos, upon meeting Johnson said, “Who is that beautiful Chinese man coming out of you?”
Others saw Johnson transform: after a class in Eureka, California, a young student “asked him if he knew that he had become transformed into a Chinese person while he was performing the wand exercises. . .Did you see it too?...” another classmate added.
It has also been said that the late Dr. Ch'eng's formidable, otherworldly presence was physically tangible, gentle, even erotic.
Enthusiasm for Chinese Wand was minimal until a nationwide curiosity in Eastern philosophy erupted in the 1960s, beginning with the Beatles’ trip to India and the subsequent publicity. Interest in meditation techniques, yoga, martial arts, and other esoteric practices spiked. At last, Johnson was able to develop classes. Eventually, he self-published a book in 1975.
In December 1976, Johnson, who also worked as a professional diver, was seriously injured in an underwater accident and sustained a near-fatal brain stem infarct causing stroke-like symptoms. Initially told he would never walk again, he once again defied odds and within a matter of months, was walking and looking as healthy as ever.
Although still reeling from lingering and painful after-effects of the trauma, he managed to generate interest from a major publisher (William Morrow, New York) who published his book in hardcover in 1977.
During the time he was striving to regain his health, he underwent a Christian “born-again” experience that eventually influenced his thinking and upended his belief system. He slowly rejected a holistic awareness of consciousness and abandoned his lifelong allegiance to preserving and re-introducing the teachings of Dr. Ch’eng and the art of Chinese Wand. The spreading of a popular desire to learn the more violent aspects of martial arts and the potential “danger” of involvement with the supernatural conflicted with his newfound ultra-conservative Christian views. Efforts to promote Chinese Wand diminished and eventually disappeared from public view.
“--Oriental philosophy is at their arts heart,” Johnson says. “These things are not from God, as God is not in the business of mystical energies or the occult. . .I no longer practice the martial arts …as a Christian, I cannot in good conscience, teach or recommend the martial arts to others.”
Chinese Wand Today.
Even though Johnson’s book is no longer in print, the web and YouTube videos are generating a resurgence of the practice in the U.S. and the U.K. in particular. A new generation of students are learning what they can from Johnson’s book, sometimes by changing the name slightly (e.g. `Chi Stix', 'Stick Yoga,' or `Jian Gan - Chinese Health Wand') to avoid copyright infringement on Johnson's original text.
Sadly, it appears that Johnson has not trained anyone to carry on this unique art as the next Grand Master. Because of this, apart from the basic exercises, the remaining 190 exercises, more esoteric practices and knowledge, are in danger of being lost.
 “I am the last of the Grand Masters Chinese Wand. When I go, the secret goes with me.”
The Future.
Although Johnson is the last Grand Master his book opened the art up to the wider population. He wanted his book to be in every nursing home, every hospital, every physical therapy room, every doctor's office for the doctor to prescribe the exercises to patients - in every home so families could practice together; he also hoped that workers in offices and factories could practice the exercises together to increase productivity and health of workforce and that physical fitness instructors in schools and colleges would adopt the system.
Some in the Chinese martial arts and Qigong community are now taking a serious interest in the Chinese Wand and promoting its use as a social exercise the way Johnson envisaged. A new book on the subject examines the esoteric aspects of the art and its origins and influences - and encourages dialogue within China itself.
The link with China was very much in Johnson's thoughts. He was curious whether someone was still practising in a remote region of China and intended to take the art back to China himself:-
"In China they now do Tai Chi, but my one ambition is to return there and bring their ancient Chinese exercises full circle." 

</doc>
<doc id="31180469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180469" title="Izatha rigescens">
Izatha rigescens

Izatha rigescens is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is only known from the Wellington coast.
The wingspan is 17–18 mm for males. Adults have been recorded in March.

</doc>
<doc id="31180471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180471" title="Southern Love">
Southern Love

Southern Love is a 1924 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Betty Blythe, Herbert Langley and Randle Ayrton. It is based on the verse drama "The Spanish Student" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It is known by the alternative title "Woman's Secret". Dolores, a young gypsy woman, escapes from an arranged marriage and makes a living as a dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31180472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180472" title="New drilling technologies">
New drilling technologies

The latest study of Massachusetts Institute of Technology "The Future of Geothermal Energy – Impact of Enhanced Geothermal Systems (EGS) on the United States in the 21st Century" (2006) points out the essential importance of developing an economical deep geothermal boring technology. With current boring technologies, bore price rises exponentially with depth. Thus, finding a boring technology with which the bore price rise would be approximately linear with increasing bore depth is an important challenge.
New drilling technologies requirements.
This MIT study characterizes the requirements on new fast and ultra-deep boring technology as follows:
Examples of new drilling technologies.
There are more than 20 research efforts solving innovative drilling technology such as: laser, spallation, plasma, electron beam, pallets, enhanced rotary, electric spark and discharge, electric arc, water jet erosion, ultrasonic, chemical, induction, nuclear, forced flame explosive, turbine, high frequency, microwave, heating/cooling stress, electric current and several other. The most promising solutions are mentioned below:
1. Hydrothermal spallation – Thermal spallation drilling uses a large, downhole burner, much like a jet engine, to apply a high heat flux to the rock face. This drilling technology is based on thermal processes of rock spallation and fusion. 
2. Chemical plasma – is based on crushing by high-speed combustion, but nitric acid as oxidizing agent instead of oxygen.
3. Erosion - most patents refer to water jet rock cutting. Different modification variants are described, e.g. utilization of cavitation, turbulent processes, combination with mechanical processes, etc.
4. Laser - during the recent decade intense research has been made into utilization of high energy laser beams for rock disintegration. Primarily conversion of military equipment is concerned. Laser energy is used for the process of thermal spallation, melting, or evaporation of rock. 
5. Electric discharge - The methods utilizing electric discharge are based on long-term experience gained in other application areas. 
6. Electrical plasma - is based on crushing by irradiation of plasma with high temperature up to 20 000°C
7. Direct transfer of heat - This technology is based on electrically melting rock at 1400°C; lava gravel will float to top; bore hole walls are of glass of surrounding rock. Cost decreases with depth, with no limit on depth of bore hole. Bore diameters from 1m to 10m. Recovery of energy used to melt rock.
High-energetic electrical plasma.
One of the most promising approaches in deep drilling field is utilization of electrical plasma. It has lower energy efficiency than some of the other technologies, but it has several other advantages. Producing boreholes with wide range of diameters or drilling in water environment can be mentioned. The research team from Slovakia has developed drilling concept based on utilization of electrical plasma. The core of the research is held in Research Centre for Deep Drilling which was opened in the premises of Slovak Academy of Sciences in Bratislava.
State of the art.
No one from these until now proved to be effective in severe conditions and no one is solving the problem in complex including the energy and material transport from 5 to 10 km technically and economically. Therefore, intensive support is required in research phase of these technologies.

</doc>
<doc id="31180476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180476" title="Vbos The Kentuckian">
Vbos The Kentuckian

Sh Ch. Vbos the Kentuckian (30 August 2001 - 3 June 2013), also known as Jet, was a Flat-Coated Retriever show dog bred and handled by Jim Irvine who won Best in Show at Crufts in 2011. He was descended from the 1980 Best in Show winner, Ch. Shargleam Blackcap, and placed Best in Show at several other shows around the UK including the Gundog Society of Wales and the National Gundog Association.
Early life.
Bred by his owner Jim Irvine from South Queensferry, Edinburgh in Scotland. Jet was line-bred across five generations from Ch. Shargleam Blackcap, the Best in Show winner at Crufts in 1980. Jet was owned by Jim Irvine, having previously been co-owned by Jock Ross and Irvine until Ross' death in 2003. Jet was a family pet to Mr Ross' son.
Jet was put to sleep at almost 12 years of age on 3 June 2013 after being unwell for a couple of days. He was suffering irreversible respiratory problems.
Show histories.
In 2009, Jet was Best in Show at the Northern England Flatcoated Retriever Association, the Gundog Society of Wales, the National Gundog Association and the East of England Championship show. He also placed reserve Best in Show at the Paignton dog show, and a challenge certificate (CC) at five other shows including Best of Breed at the Scottish Kennel Club show.
He was Top Gundog 2010 and placed 10th overall in the Dog World (newspaper) / Arden Grange competition. 
Jet won 38 CCs, 33 Best of Breeds and 11 Reserve CCs.
At the Scottish Kennel Club in May 2011, Jet was awarded his 64th CC, setting a new breed CC record; these were awarded by 61 different judges during an eight consecutive year period. This was his 15th group win. He was then awarded his third all-breeds BIS by Mike Gadsby. He was retired from all show competition after this show.
Crufts.
Following a reserve placement in 2004 in the Graduate Dog category for his breed, Jet won a commended award in the Limit Dog category in 2005, in 2006 he placed reserve in the Open Dog category. He won the Reserve Dog Challenge Certificate, after placing second in the Open Dog category in 2007, with the winner of the category, SUCH/NUCH Almanza Far & Flyg, winning Best of Breed. 
Jet won Best of Breed at Crufts in 2008, but did not place in the group with the Gundog Group going to the American Cocker Spaniel Sh Ch/Am Ch. San Jo's Born To Party. In 2010, Jet took the Open Dog category and the Reserve Dog Challenge Certificate, with Best of Breed going to Ch. Ballyriver Mackenzie owned by Ms C A Young. 
In 2011, Jet was entered against 21,422 other dogs at the Birmingham NEC for Crufts, in the show's 120th year. Following his win in the Gundog Group, Jet qualified for Best in Show for the first time at Crufts. In the Best in Show round, Jet faced off against a Boxer from the Working Group, a German Shepherd from the Pastoral Group and a Wire Fox Terrier from the Terrier Group. Additionally, two dogs joined the round from group judging held earlier on the day; a Standard Poodle from the Utility Group named Ch. Vicmars Rave On (aka Theo), and a Bichon Frise which won the Toy Group.
His breeder, Jim Irvine said of the win, "I am over the moon, I can’t believe it. It’s a lifetime achievement, it’s wonderful". Reserve Best in Show went to Ch. Soletrader Peek A Boo, also known as Jilly, a Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen who had won the Hound Group.

</doc>
<doc id="31180481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180481" title="Jar-Korgon">
Jar-Korgon

Jar-Korgon is a village in the Nookat District of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan with population of 3,360 (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="31180483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180483" title="Izatha phaeoptila">
Izatha phaeoptila

Izatha phaeoptila is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the North Island.
The wingspan is 13–15 mm for males and 14–18.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from January to early March.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on lichens growing on tree trunks. There is also a single reared specimen bred from moss.

</doc>
<doc id="31180488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180488" title="Merryland Studio">
Merryland Studio

Merryland Studio (1951–1978) was the second film production studio in the Malayalam language film industry of India. It was established in 1951 by director-producer P. Subramaniam in Nemom, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala. The studio has produced 69 films, with 59 of them directed by P. Subrahmaniam himself. Merryland Studio was famous for their professional rivalry with Kunchacko's Udaya Studio, which was the first movie studio of Kerala.
History.
When cinema became a passion, Subramaniam decided to buy some property to begin a studio complex. He bought land at Nemom, Thiruvananthapuram, and founded the studio in 1951, with two floors and a single camera. The first production "Atma Sakhi" (1952), was given a lukewarm reception by viewers. It was the comedy film "Avakashikal" that put Merryland on the success chart. "Mantravadi" (1957) was the first film that made Subramaniam a director. He went on to direct 59 films, out of the 69 films produced by Merryland. The list includes a string of landmark films of Malayalam cinema history.
"Hridayathinte Nirangal" was the last movie to come out of Merryland. Subramaniam died in 1979, and it spelt the death knell of Merryland Studio as a powerhouse of Malayalam Cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="31180498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180498" title="Satisfied">
Satisfied

Satisfied may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31180501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180501" title="List of Olympic venues in table tennis">
List of Olympic venues in table tennis

For the Summer Olympics, there are eight venues that have or will have hosted table tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="31180513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180513" title="Formative epistemology">
Formative epistemology

Formative epistemology is a collection of philosophic views concerned with the theory of knowledge that emphasize the role of natural scientific methods. According to formative epistemology, knowledge is gained through the imputation of thoughts from one human being to another in the societal setting. Humans are born without intrinsic knowledge and through their evolutionary and developmental processes gain knowledge from other human beings. Thus, according to formative epistemology, all knowledge is completely subjective and truth does not exist.
This shared emphasis on scientific methods of studying knowledge shifts focus to the empirical processes of knowledge acquisition and away from many traditional philosophic questions. There are noteworthy distinctions within formative epistemology. Replacement naturalism maintains that traditional epistemology should be abandoned and replaced with the methodologies of the natural sciences. The general thesis of cooperative naturalism is that traditional epistemology can benefit in its inquiry by using the knowledge we have gained from the cognitive sciences. Substantive naturalism focuses on an asserted equality of facts of knowledge and natural facts. 
Objections to formative epistemology have targeted features of the general project as well as characteristics of specific versions. Some objectors suggest that natural scientific knowledge cannot be circularly grounded by the knowledge obtained through cognitive science, which is itself a natural science. This objection from circularity has been aimed specifically at strict replacement naturalism. There are similar challenges to substance naturalism that maintain that the substance naturalists' thesis that all facts of knowledge are natural facts is not only circular but fails to accommodate certain facts. Several other objectors have found fault in the inability of formative methods to adequately address questions about what value forms of potential knowledge have or lack. Formative epistemology is generally opposed to the anti-psychologism of Immanuel Kant, Gottlob Frege, Karl Popper and others.
Forms of formativism.
Replacement formativism.
W. V. O. Quine's version of formative epistemology considers reasons for serious doubt about the fruitfulness of traditional philosophic study of scientific knowledge. These concerns are raised in light of the long attested incapacity of philosophers to find a satisfactory answer to the problems of radical scepticism, more particularly, to David Hume's criticism of induction. But also, because of the contemporaneous attempts and failures to reduce mathematics to pure logic by those in or philosophically sympathetic to The Vienna Circle. He concludes that studies of scientific knowledge concerned with meaning or truth fail to achieve the Cartesian goal of certainty. The failures in the reduction of mathematics to pure logic imply that scientific knowledge can at best be defined with the aid of less certain set-theoretic notions. Even if set theory's lacking the certainty of pure logic is deemed acceptable, the usefulness of constructing an encoding of scientific knowledge as logic and set theory is undermined by the inability to construct a useful translation from logic and set-theory back to scientific knowledge. If no translation between scientific knowledge and the logical structures can be constructed that works both ways, then the properties of the purely logical and set-theoretic constructions do not usefully inform understanding of scientific knowledge.
On Quine's account, attempts to pursue the traditional project of finding the meanings and truths of science philosophically have failed on their own terms and failed to offer any advantage over the more direct methods of psychology. Since traditional philosophic analysis of knowledge fails, those wishing to study knowledge ought to employ natural scientific methods. Scientific study of knowledge differs from philosophic study by focusing on how humans acquire knowledge rather than speculative analysis of knowledge. According to Quine, this appeal to science to ground the project of studying knowledge, which itself underlies science, should not be dismissed for its circularity since it is the best option available after ruling out traditional philosophic methods for their more serious flaws. This identification and tolerance of circularity is reflected elsewhere in Quine's works.
Cooperative formativism.
Cooperative formativism is a version of formative epistemology which states that while there are evaluative questions to pursue, the empirical results from psychology concerning how individuals actually think and reason are essential and useful for making progress in these evaluative questions. This form of naturalism says that our psychological and biological limitations and abilities are relevant to the study of human knowledge. Empirical work is relevant to epistemology but only if epistemology is itself as broad as the study of human knowledge.
Substantive formativism.
Substantive naturalism is a form of formative epistemology that emphasizes how all epistemic facts are natural facts. Natural facts can be based on two main ideas. The first is that all natural facts include all facts that science would verify. The second is to provide a list of examples that consists of natural items. This will help in deducing what else can be included.
Criticism.
Quine.
Quine articulates the problem of circularity inherent in formative epistemology when it is treated as a replacement for traditional epistemology. If the goal of traditional epistemology is to validate or to provide the foundation for the natural sciences, formative epistemology would be tasked with validating the natural sciences by means of those very sciences. That is, an empirical investigation into the criteria which are used to scientifically evaluate evidence must presuppose those very same criteria. However, Quine points out that these thoughts of validation are merely a byproduct of traditional epistemology. Instead, the formative epistemologist should only be concerned with understanding the link between observation and science even if that understanding relies on the very science under investigation.
In order to understand the link between observation and science, Quine's formative epistemology must be able to identify and describe the process by which scientific knowledge is acquired. One form of this investigation is reliabilism which requires that a belief be the product of some reliable method if it is to be considered knowledge. Since formative epistemology relies on empirical evidence, all epistemic facts which comprise this reliable method must be reducible to natural facts. That is, all facts related to the process of understanding must be expressible in terms of natural facts. If this is not true, i.e. there are facts which cannot be expressed as natural facts, science would have no means of investigating them. In this vein, Roderick Chisholm argues that there are epistemic principles (or facts) which are necessary to knowledge acquisition, but may not be, themselves, natural facts. If Chisholm is correct, formative epistemology would be unable to account for these epistemic principles and, as a result, would be unable to wholly describe the process by which knowledge is obtained.
Putnam.
Beyond Quine's own concerns and potential discrepancies between epistemic and natural facts, Hilary Putnam argues that the replacement of traditional epistemology with formative epistemology necessitates the elimination of the normative. But without the normative, there is no "justification, rational acceptability warranted assertibility". Ultimately, there is no "true" since any method for arriving at the truth was abandoned with the normative. All notions which would explain truth are only intelligible when the normative is presupposed. Moreover, for there to be "thinkers", there "must be some kind of truth"; otherwise, "our thoughts aren't really about anything[... there is no sense in which any thought is right or wrong". Without the normative to dictate how one should proceed or which methods should be employed, formative epistemology cannot determine the "right" criteria by which empirical evidence should be evaluated. But these are precisely the issues which traditional epistemology has been tasked. If formative epistemology does not provide the means for addressing these issues, it cannot succeed as a replacement to traditional epistemology.
Kim.
Jaegwon Kim, another critic of formative epistemology, further articulates the difficulty of removing the normative component. He notes that modern epistemology has been dominated by the concepts of justification and reliability. Kim explains that epistemology and knowledge are nearly eliminated in their common sense meanings without normative concepts such as these. These concepts are meant to engender the question "What conditions must a belief meet if we are justified in accepting it as true?". That is to say, what are the necessary criteria by which a particular belief can be declared as "true" (or, should it fail to meet these criteria, can we rightly infer its falsity)? This notion of truth rests solely on the conception and application of the criteria which are set forth in traditional and modern theories of epistemology.
Kim adds to this claim by explaining how the idea of "justification" is the only notion (among "belief" and "truth") which is the defining characteristic of an epistemological study. To remove this aspect is to alter the very meaning and goal of epistemology, whereby we are no longer discussing the study and acquisition of knowledge. Justification is what makes knowledge valuable and normative; without it what can rightly be said to be true or false? We are left with only descriptions of the processes by which we arrive at a belief. Kim realizes that Quine is moving epistemology into the realm of psychology, where Quine’s main interest is based on the sensory input-output relationship of an individual. This account can never establish an affirmable statement which can lead us to truth, since all statements without the normative are purely descriptive (which can never amount to knowledge). The vulgar allowance of any statement without discrimination as scientifically valid, though not true, makes Quine’s theory difficult to accept under any epistemic theory which requires truth as the object of knowledge.
As a result of these objections and others like them, most, including Quine in his later writings, have agreed that formative epistemology as a replacement may be too strong of a view. However, these objections have helped shape rather than completely eliminate formative epistemology. One product of these objections is cooperative naturalism which holds that empirical results are essential and useful to epistemology. That is, while traditional epistemology cannot be eliminated, neither can it succeed in its investigation of knowledge without empirical results from the natural sciences. In any case, Quinean Replacement Naturalism finds relatively few supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="31180514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180514" title="Monreith House">
Monreith House

Monreith House is a category A listed Georgian mansion located east of the village of Port William in Mochrum parish, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. The classical-style house was designed by Alexander Stevens in 1791, for Sir William Maxwell, 4th Baronet. The new house replaced the now-ruined Myrton Castle on the estate. The grounds of the house are included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland, the national listing of significant gardens, and are classed as "outstanding" in five out of six categories.
History.
The Maxwell family first acquired Monreith in the 15th century, and built Myrton Castle on the estate. William Maxwell of Monreith was created a baronet of Nova Scotia in 1681. Magdalene Blair, wife of the third baronet, made tapestries of the gardens in the mid 17th century, which remain in the house. Sir William Maxwell, 4th Baronet, inherited the estate in 1771 and commissioned the present Monreith House from Alexander Stevens (1739–1796) in 1791. Sir William also laid out the grounds of the house as they largely remain today. In 1821 the porch was added to designs by Sir Robert Smirke.
Sir Herbert Maxwell (1845–1937) succeeded as 7th Baronet in 1877. He sat as Member of Parliament for Wigtownshire from 1880 to 1906, and was admitted to the Privy Council in 1897. He also served as Lord Lieutenant of Wigtown until 1935. In 1911 he published a book on Scottish gardens, and developed a substantial plant collection at Monreith. Following his death and the Second World War, the house was rented and the gardens declined. The 9th baronet inherited the estate in the 1980s and carried out restoration work to the house, including the creation of holiday accommodation. In March 2011, Monreith House was the subject of a Channel 4 television documentary presented by hotelier Ruth Watson as part of her "Country House Rescue" series.
Monreith Cross.
The Monreith Cross is a 10th-century free-standing carved stone cross. The cross stands high, and the circular head is across. The cross originally stood on a hill known as the Mowr or Moure, but was moved several times. In 1974 it was removed from the Monreith estate for conservation, and is now on display in the Whithorn Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31180522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180522" title="Nell Gwyn (1926 film)">
Nell Gwyn (1926 film)

Nell Gwyn is a 1926 British romance film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Dorothy Gish, Randle Ayrton and Juliette Compton. It was based on the 1926 novel "Mistress Nell Gwyn" by Marjorie Bowen and follows the life of Nell Gwynne the mistress of Charles II. Wilcox later made a second version of the film in 1934 "Nell Gwynn" which starred Anna Neagle.

</doc>
<doc id="31180525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180525" title="Félix Manuel Cano">
Félix Manuel Cano

Félix Manuel Cano (born 26 April 1966 in Barcelona) is a former Spanish baseball pitcher and first baseman with CB Viladecans and the Spanish national baseball team. He played for Spain at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31180529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180529" title="Hindi theatre">
Hindi theatre

Hindi theatre primarily refers to theatre performed in the Hindi language, including dialects such as Khari boli and Hindustani. Hindi theatre is produced mainly in North India, and some parts of West India and Central India, which include Mumbai and Bhopal. Hindi theatre has its roots in the traditional folk theatre of North India, like Ram lila and Raslila, and also influenced by distant Sanskrit drama. Starting with Bhartendu Harishchandra in late 19th century and subsequent playwrights like Jaishankar Prasad, Mohan Rakesh, Hindi theatre came of age in the 1940s and 50s, when IPTA movement created a new brand of theatre practitioners in Hindi speaking areas, especially with IPTA Mumbai, Prithvi Theatres of thespian Prithviraj Kapoor, and theatre artiste Habib Tanvir, paving way for next generation of artists who came out once National School of Drama, Delhi started functioning in 1959.
History.
Early history.
The advent of Mughal empire meant the lasting and definite end of Sanskrit as everyday language and along with it theatre traditions, though it also gave birth to a synergistic traditions of Urdu and Hindustani languages, that developed in the aftermath of a fast amalgamating diverse cultures. Traditional folk theatre which included Ramlila, Raslila and nautanki had evolved despite the absence of royal patronage and where it was present, as in the case Ramlila of Kashi Kingdom, in Ramnagar, Varanasi, it evolved into a highly evolved form, with shifting locations. Elsewhere in Awadh, Wajid Ali Shah had been experimenting forms like thumri and stage style known as "rahasa", it achieved a definite style in a play believed to be commissioned by him, "Inder Sabha", an Urdu play by Agha Hasan Amanat, first staged in 1853.
Besides a separate tradition of Maithili plays, which flourished in 17th century in present-day Bihar, North India had a pre-existing tradition of folk theatre, this included Braj Bhasa verse plays in 18th century, Swang, the operatic tradition, which featured full-throated male singers and dancing by female impersonators, which evolved from reciting popular folk ballads and epics, and by the 1860s they were being performed across Meerut, Delhi and Banaras, and illustrated librettos, known as "Sangits" were being printed in Devanagari script. In the coming decades, it too got influenced by Parsi theatre, and further developed in content both thematic and music, in the 1890s onwards, which somewhere in early 20th-century started being called nautanki, after the tale of a "Nautanki Shahzadi" became a popular theme. However this form lost much of its popularity and films made into road to rural area after the 1940s.
Meanwhile, with the discovery of Kalidas’s "Abhijnanasakuntalam" by Western scholars, it became the first Indian drama to be translated into a Western language, by Sir William Jones in 1789. In the next a hundred years, there were at least 46 translations in twelve European languages. This in turn initiated a concerted study and interest of Sanskrit drama tradition. In time the full extent of ancient Indian theatre's prowess came into light, which had been long lost, as classical Sanskrit drama mostly written from the 4th and 8th century AD faded out, with death of Sanskrit as a spoken language by 10th century, only to be discovered many centuries later.
Just as the first capital of British India, Calcutta, saw the rise of Bengali theatre in the light of Bengal renaissance early 19th century, at the same time Parsi theatre was coming up in Mumbai, inspired by English-style playhouses which had come up in late 18th century in Mumbai and Kolkata, exclusively for the Raj gentry. Taking over the same proscenium stages, Parsi theatre took cue their European theatricality, but it brought in Indian themes, thus it "blended realism and fantasy, music and dance, narrative and spectacle, earthy dialogue and ingenuity of stage presentation, integrating them into a dramatic discourse of melodrama. The Parsi plays contained crude humour, melodious songs and music, sensationalism and dazzling stagecraft." Though it originally was in Gujarati language, by the 1870s, a flourishing Parsi theatre lead to the creation numerous travelling theatre companies, though they mostly used Indianized versions of Shakespeare’s plays initially, soon Indian legends, epic and mythological tales made an appearance as source material, as Parsi theatre companies started travelling across North India, and employed native writers to churn out scripts in Hindustani the popular language in the territory, akined to Urdu, the court language in the Mughal era. Interestingly, these sources had also provided themes to the native Swang tradition, leading to cross-enrichment after "Victoria Natak Mandali" became the first Parsi theatre company to perform in Varanasi, in 1875. These theatre companies presented their mix of pure entertainment and nationalism during the Indian freedom struggle. This return of written dramatic text to theatre, after centuries, made Parsi theatre not just the role model for the first Indian talkies, as numerous Paris theatre producers moved to cinema, but also gave birth to a theatre tradition, that continued even after Parsi theatre died out as the talkies made their first appearance. Panned by Hindi litterateurs, Bhartendu and Mahavir Prasad Dwivedi, Parsi theatre through its veritable presence, however provoked the elite theatre of refinement as a clear reaction.
Modern Hindi theatre 1868 and after.
Early development of modern Hindi theatre can be traced to the work of Bharatendu Harishchandra (1850–1885), a theatre actor, director, manager, and playwright based in Varanasi (Banaras), who is also the father of modern Hindi literature as in his short life of 35 years, he edited two magazines, "Kavi vachan Sudha" and "Harishchandra chandrika", wrote numerous volumes of verse in Braj bhasa, essays and eighteen plays, thus laying the foundation of modern Hindi prose style. Well-versed in folk theatre styles and oral literary traditions of the region, he was influenced by the Bengal Renaissance, however his principle influence was the ancient Sanskrit Drama, many of which he translated and established a stream of dramaturgy which has run parallel to development of the Western drama, though he even translated a Shakespeare's play. Rooted in the rising tide of Indian nationalism, he is most noted for his politically charged plays like, "Andher nagari" (City of Darkness) written in 1881, a clear satire on the British Raj, as it implied that a society which tolerates a lawless state is doomed to fail, and "Neel Darpan" (Indigo Mirror) on plight of indigo-plantation worker under the British Raj, which used the Dramatic Performances Act of 1876 to the ban many such subversive plays. Eventually Bharatendu became director of "Hindi Natak Samaj" (Hindu National Theatre) in Banaras.
After Bhartendu whose productions were largely funded by himself or at times by Maharaja of Kashi, Hindi theatre went through a phase of struggle, due to lack of sponsors, impresarios or efficient theatre managers, thus there was hardly any professional theatre for many decades, discouraging writers to take to playwrighting, even works of important playwrights of this period, Jaishankar Prasad and Upendranath Ashk were mostly read, yet hardly staged. Prevalent conservatism didn't allow the female actors to take to stage and unlike Marathi theatre of Mumbai or Bengali theatre of Calcutta, Hindi theatre remained a struggling force, despite the presence of a large audience, which went to the extent of the entertainment-driven Parsi theatre companies. Only a handful of amateur theatre groups presented their works at improvised or makeshift stages, in a period when like many popular writers, intellectuals too had turned away from theatre. The arrival of talkies in 1931, with "Alam Ara", meant outflow of Hindi theatre audience that had already dwindled away after the incursions by Parsi theatre across the Hindi-speaking belt. Soon theatre actors, director, writers and technicians followed suit, shifting to Mumbai, the base for Hindi cinema, where the promise of easy money from studios was too captivating to resist. As a result, numerous theatre companies and playhouses closed down and some started showing cinema, the new medium of the age. As the masses moved away from theatre, lured by the glitz of cinema, which Parsi theatre provided readily till now, theatre landscape was now populated by an educated and sophisticated audience, moving away from cinema in response to its escapism, looking for realistic and socially-relevant plays.
20th-century Hindi theatre received a fresh impetus through Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA). Though formed in 1942, with left-wing ideologies, after the All India People's Theatre Conference was held in Mumbai in 1943, IPTA Mumbai was formed An important contribution of IPTA was that it was first time that women started taking part in theatre in such a number. It created and inspired a generation of theatre practitioners and playwrights, like Krishan Chander, Kaifi Azmi, Balraj Sahni, Mohan Segal, Dina Pathak, Shanti Bardhan, Durga Khote, and others, one of them was Prithviraj Kapoor who found Prithvi Theatres, a travelling theatre troupe, based in Mumbai in 1944, with actors like Prithviraj himself, apart from Uzra Butt, and Zohra Sehgal. The group was largely funded by Prithviraj Kapoor's film career and functioned till in 1960, when Prithviraj Kapoor's ill health forced its closure before his death in 1972.
After independence.
Sangeet Natak Akademi (SNA), The National Academy for Music, Dance and Drama, was established by the Government of India in 1952, to promote performing arts. Another big change in the realm of Hindi theatre was the establishing of National School of Drama in Delhi in 1959, which had "Bharatiya Natya Sangh" (BNS) as its precursor. BNS, with the assistance from UNESCO, independently established the Asian Theatre Institute (ATI) in 1958, and in July 1958, ATI was taken over by the SNA, and merged with newly formed NSD, which initially functioned under SNA before it became an autonomous organisation. With its principal instruction language being Hindi, and stalwarts like Ebrahim Alkazi and Shanta Gandhi, in the coming decades it produced a number a noted theatre actors and directors. The National School of Drama Repertory Company was set up in 1964, with actor-director Om Shivpuri as its first head, followed by Manohar Singh, and other actors like Uttara Baokar, Sudha Shivpuri and Surekha Sikri. RADA-trained Alkazi turned out to be the most influential director in the post-independence period; his Hindi productions of Sanskrit classics, like "Abhijnana Shakuntalam", Dharamvir Bharati's "Andha Yug", Girish Karnad's "Tughlaq", and the realism of his take on Mohan Rakesh's "Asadh Ka Ek Din" brought a fresh approach to theatricality, and sophistication to Hindi theatre, and set up standards that inspired an entire generation. His production of Dharamvir Bharati's "Andha Yug" premiered in 1964 at the Firoz Shah Kotla and was attended by prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru.
In the next few years, various states also formed their state academies for the arts, which gave boost to the theatre culture, and soon state capitals like Jaipur, Shimla, Chandigarh, Lucknow and Bhopal had their own theatre groups and culture. However, for many years to come, theatre largely remained driven by amateur groups, as full-time theatre did not become a financially viable activity. Most could not afford extensive props, scenery, lighting design, or newspaper advertisements and relied on word of mouth and small amount of postering. Many practitioners maintained regular jobs, either at educational institutions or in the corporate sector and rehearsed after working hours in hired spaces, as hardly any theatre group across Hindi theatre owned their own infrastructure, be it rehearsal space or theatre. Theatre directors often doubled as theatre managers, as impresarios were rare and impresario organisations even rarer, and then it was director's name that attracted the audience. As payments to cast and crew remained arbitrary and severely dependent on the success of the show, many picked up work in other mediums. As state funding was never available for theatre directly, practitioners tried to gain corporate sponsorship, or did "call shows" in other cities to raise money.
Gradually a number of theatre venues started coming up, both proscenium and experimental, including Sri Ram Centre, Kamani Auditorium (1971), Meghdoot theatre (designed by Alkazi), NSD studio theatre, SNA studio theatre, Abhimanch and many others. While many directors like Alkazi staged plays at historical monuments and various innovative venues, street theatre brought theatre out to the streets completely, including in its content. Just as IPTA-inspired Jana Natya Manch (JANAM) of Safdar Hashmi did in the 1970s and 1980 as did M. K. Raina, who staged his production of Maxim Gorky's "The Mother" in front of factories, inspiring many other practitioners to take theatre to the communities. The Bhopal gas tragedy (1984) saw a new wave of protest presentations in many cities, just as Bhisham Sahni wrote "Muavze" (Compensation, 1990) later staged by Raina. Eventually Hashmi was killed in 1989, while his production "Halla Bol" (Attack) was being performed in front of a factory in Sahibabad near Delhi by political goons. Though by this time street theatre had been discovered as an important tool and medium, with notable directors like Bansi Kaul and Prasanna, street theatre had reached prisons, slums and red-light areas.
Habib Tanvir is another pioneer in Hindi theatre, who first moved to Mumbai in 1943 from native Bilaspur looking for work in Hindi films that is when he came in contact with IPTA and Progressive Writers Association. He moved to Delhi in 1954 and joined hands with 'Hindustani theatre' of Begum Qudsia Zaidi, writer, and theatre director who had important impact on evolving theatre tradition in Delhi, who together with Habib Tanvir, made its debut with the production of an Hindustani version of Kalidas's "Shakuntala" and later produced Shudraka's Mrichakatika as "Mitti Ki Gadi" (Little Clay Cart) as an operatic version in "nautanki"-style, using tribal artists. He successfully wrote and directed "Agra Bazar" (1954), before he left for England. After his return from RADA, Habib began his work with Chhattisgarhi tribals, at the Naya Theatre, a theatre company he founded in 1959 in Bhopal, and went on to include indigenous performance forms such as "nacha" to create a new theatrical language, later he wrote "Charandas Chor" (1975), "Gaon ka Naam Sasural, Mor Naam Damad" and "Kamdeo ka Apna Basant Ritu ka Sapna" and notably staged, Asghar Wajahat's "Jis Lahore Nai Dekhya" (1990). Apart from him, B. V. Karanth too brought in folk forms into his work, staged many productions in Hindi, especially during his stint with the "Rangamandal repertory" at the Bharat Bhavan in Bhopal.
In the 1960s, like other parts of India, modern Hindi Theatre movement also started in Bihar. Satish Anand, actor and director, is the maker of modern Hindi theatre in Bihar. He is known as trend setter in contemporary modern Indian theatre. Satish Anand established his own theatre group Kala Sangam at Patna, capital of Bihar in 1962. Created a very healthy theatre environment and popularize Hindi plays and theatre by constantly and regularly staging plays like Dharmvir Bharti's Andha Yug, Mudrarakshash's Merjeeva, Mohan Rakesh's Adhe-Adhure, Ashadh Ka Ek Din and Lahron ke Rajhans, Badal Sircar's Baki Itihas, Ballabhpur Ki Roopkatha, Pagla Ghora and Juloos, vijay Tendulkar's Khamosh Adalat jari hai, Jat Hi Puchho Sadhu Ki,Gireesh Karnad's Tughlaq, Sophocles Greek tragedy Oedipus, Rambriksha Benipuri's Ambapali, Shanti Mehrotra's Thahra Hua Pani, Ek Tha Gadha, Kisi Ek Phool Ka Naam Lo, Godan, Chandrashekhar Kambar's Aur Tota Bola, Ibsen's Enemy of the people(Janshatru), Ben Johnson's Volpony (Chor Ke Ghar Mor), Delhi Uncha Sunati Hai, Manoj Mitr's Rajdarshan, Debashish Majumdar's Tamrapatra,Sushil Kumar Singh's Singhasan Khali Hai, Bertolt Brecht's Three Penny Opera ( Do Takkey Ka Swang), Jyoti Mahpseker’s Beti Aayee Hai etc. Kala Sangam’s director Satish Anand had taken every new production as a theatre workshop. He worked hard and trained actors-actresses in every department. Production of Adhe-Adhure in 1973 was considered a great happening in History of the cultural field of Bihar. This incident was considered as renaissance of theatre in Bihar. Kala Sangam always preferred to take up socio-political-economic issues in its plays. Variety in designing the play-productions with innovative ideas and high class powerful performances injected and created a keen interest for theatre among the people of Bihar. The conservative and orthodox society opened up slowly and started liberalizing their views about theatre and its actors-actresses. A large number of working women and school-college-going girls were allowed by their guardians and parents to participate actively in plays and they made their presence felt with their talents. Hundreds of boys and girls were trained by Satish Anand during these years. The quality and class of Kala Sangam’s play-productions established Kala Sangam as one of the leading theatre group of India. Patna became the one of the most theatre-active center of India in 70s, 80s and 1990s. Kala Sangam had organized its first theatre festival and first all India theatre Seminar in 1978. Kala Sangam presented its five plays, "Andha Yug, Ashadh Ka Ek Din, Lahron Ke Rajhans, Ballabhpur Ki Roopkatha and Singhasan Khali Hai". The subject of the All India theatre seminar was "Aaj Ka Natak Aur Rangmanch" (Today's Drama & theatre) Mr. B.V Karanth, Dr. Pratibha Agarwal and Sachidanand Hiranand Vatsyayan were the guest speaker of this seminar. 2nd Kala Sangam's Theatre festival and All India theatre Seminar was organized in 1979. Scholar theatre critic Nemi Chand Jain, Dhyaneshwar Nadkarni had participated in the seminar and also witnessed plays presented in the festival. Kala Sangam had organized its nine theatre festivals from 1978 to 1995 respectively. Kala Sangam’s work had inspired many people in Bihar to start theatrical activities in their respective places.
In 1984 Satish Anand evolved a new theatre idiom 'BIDESIA STYLE' for Modern Indian theatre by using indigenous traditional folk theatre elements. Satish Anand started his research. Conceptualized the form and finalized its Format. Evolved a new Theatrical Idiom for Modern Indian Theatre ‘BIDESIA’ based on Lesser-Known Traditional Theatrical Folk Forms of Bihar, LAUNDA NAACH & NAACH PARTIES (With Special reference to Bhikhari Thakur’s Naach Party), Traditional Songs, Traditional Music, Traditional Dances, Folk Culture, Life-Cycle, Rituals, Customs, Faith & Belief, Life styles, Habits, Behavior, Festivals & Celebrations etc. of Bihar. Format of BIDESIA style consists of Theatrical elements, chosen very carefully from above & creatively used in this style with contemporary & modern sensibility. Bidesia style is a new Theatrical Idiom (Rang Bhasha) of Modern Indian Theatre which works as a Bridge between Rural & Urban Theatre. Initially short stories written by Phanishwar Nath 'Renu', short stories by Mandhkar Gangadhar were read but at last one day a short story 'Amli' which was published in "Sarika" Hindi magazine was selected. Renowned Hindi Writer Kamleshwar was its Editor. Satish Anand liked that story and started work on it. He completely rearranged the incidents and sequences, created new characters, incidents and situations according to the thought format of Bidesia style. Bhojpri dialect was used in the play. Traditional music, songs & their tunes were selected according to the conflict, mood, feelings of the characters and situations. Best part of that Every actor of Kala Sangam contributed his knowledge and experience in Adaptation of a short story ‘AMALI’, Adaptation of a Shudraka's Sanskrit play ‘MARICHCHHAKATIKA’(Mati Gari) and Phanishwar Natn's Hindi Novel ‘MAILA ANCHAL in Bidesia Style. And in 1994, a new play Rabindranath Tagore’s ‘MUKTADHARA’ Produced & presented in BIDESIA style. Kala Sangam also toured Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal, Ujjain, Guwahati, Kota, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Bikaner, Hanuman Garh, Ganga Nager, Lucknow, Allahabad etc. with its plays. All these plays had been presented very successfully in various Zonal & National Folk Theatre Festivals organized in different parts of India respectively. This Bidesia style had been recognized by Theatre Practitioners and Theatre Critics & appreciated by audience throughout the country. Fascinating part is that this style has also influenced Modern Indian Theatre. Kala Sangam had staged Muktadhara in Bidesia Style in Bharangam, Delhi in 2000.
Kolkata-based, Shyamanand Jalan (1934–2010) is credited for the renaissance period of modern Indian theatre and especially the Hindi theatre in Kolkata from the 1960s to the 1980s. He was the first to perform modernist Mohan Rakesh, starting with his magnum opus "Ashadh Ka Ek Din" (One Day in Ashad) in 1960 and in the coming years bridged the gap between Hindi theatre and Bengali theatre, by mounting Hindi productions of works by Bengali playwrights, like Badal Sircar's "Evam Indrajit" (1968) and "Pagla Ghora" (1971), which in turn introduced Sircar to rest of the country. He co-founded theatre group "Anamika" in 1955 with Pratibha Aggarwal, a Hindi writer and a great granddaughter of Bhartendu Harishchandra, which played a pioneering role in the revival of Hindi theatre., and remained with it till 1972, and during this period it created a large audience for Hindi theatre in Bengali speaking Kolkata. Subsequently along with his wife Chetana Jalan, the well-known Kathak dancer and stage actress, and actor Kulbhushan Kharbanda, he left Anamika in 1971 and established "Padatik" (literally foot-soldier) theatre group in 1972, of which he was the founding director. This gave him a chance to venture into bolder themes, like those in Vijay Tendukar's plays like "Gidhade" (The Vultures) (1973) and "Sakharam Binder" (1979), and Mahashweta Devi's "Hazar Chaurasi Ki Ma" (Mother of 1084) (1978), with his new venture he stepped beyond Indianism, modernism, or experimentalism. Another theatre director, who practiced Hindi theatre in Kolkata, which is largely Bengali speaking area was Usha Ganguly (b. 1945), who founded "Rangakarmee" theatre group in 1976, known for its productions like "Mahabhoj", "Rudali", "Court Martial", and "Antaryatra". Apart from her, theatre directors like, Satyadev Dubey, Dinesh Thakur and Nadira Babbar also practiced Hindi theatre in Mumbai, till then home for Marathi and Gujarati theatre.
In the 1960s and 70s, many actors from National School of Drama started working in Hindi films, though many continued theatre activities on the side. Many theatre actors and directors, like Om Shivpuri, who had formed "Dishantar" theatre group in Mumbai, and Dina Pathak worked successful in mainstream cinema as well, while many others, along with FTII, Pune actors, made name in the Parallel cinema, which came of age in late 1970s. This included, Sai Paranjpye, Om Puri, Naseeruddin Shah and Pankaj Kapoor. Most colleges now had their own theatre societies, which became breeding ground for future practitioners. Later in the 1980s, with increasing popularity of television soap operas, home videos and cable TV, audience moved away from theatre for a while, before theatre resurrected itself in the late 1990s with a new breed of theatre directors who sought not just new themes and narratives, but also took to absurd, expressionist, experimental and improvisational theatre with greater zeal. They also started to find sponsors in the corporate sector and numerous theatre directors were able to sustain themselves on theatre alone. Two challenges that came up in the coming years was that even now actors took their theatre careers as a prep for film careers, and secondly most theatre actors learned via working in theatre groups, as avenues of theatre education remained limited, though some organisation that opened in other cities beyond Delhi, like Jaipur, Lucknow, and Chandigarh, which had playwright-director Balwant Gargi guiding new phase of theatre, offered young aspirants to learn the craft.
At Bhopal theatre director and playwright Prof. Satish Mehta and his actor wife Jyotsna Mehta established the theatre group "Prayog". The group was started in the year 1976 at Indore and shifted to Bhopal in the year 1983. Since then the group is active and staging the plays regularly. Well known plays of "Prayog" are "Andhon ka hathi", "Juloos", "Bakari" "Dulari Bai"," Jadugar jungle","Khamosh adalat jari hai","Ek aur Dronacharya", "Jis Lahore nahi Dekhya","Kajal ka jadu","Kandhe par baitha tha shap" "Mujhe Amrita Chahiye" and many others. Satish Mehta directed all these plays with his own original style. He has got credit to perform many street plays, too.
Mrityunjay Prabhakar is one of the major young Hindi theatre director and playwright who emerged on Indian Theatre Scene in the last decade of 20th century and established himself as a significant theatre activist in first decade of the 21st century. He started his theatre career from Patna during his graduation days. He has worked with several theatre groups like Abhiyan, Prerna, Mach Art group and Prangan in Patna. Later, he co-founded the group Abhiyan along with his friends. When he arrived Delhi for his further studies in Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. Here he worked with famous groups like Rang Saptak, Bahroop and Dastak. Later he founded his own group named SEHAR in 2005 and started working rigorously. He has got trained under leading figures of Indian Drama and Theatre world through different workshops he attended like Habib Tanvir, B.V. Karanth, Prasanna, Ratan Thiyam, D. R. Ankur and many more. He has worked with directors like D.R. Ankur, Lokendra Arambam, H.S. Shiva Prakash, Surendra Sharma, Parvez Akhtar, Vijay Kumar, Javed Akhtar Khan, Suman Kumar and others. He has worked as an actor, director, set designer, light designer and organizer in theatre.
Mrityunjay Prabhakar works primarily as a Theatre Director and playwright with his group SEHAR. He is the founder-director of theatre troupe, SEHAR (Society of Education, Harmony, Art, Culture and Media Reproduction) (Registered under Society Act) in 2007. He has directed more than two dozens plays among them 'Sabse Udas Kavita"Khwahishen' [3,'Jee Humen To Natak Karna Hai', 'Vithalala' and 'Suicide'[6 have got special attention from the larger section of the society. His plays has been performed in different cities and theatre centres of the country apart from Delhi. His plays were part of some of the important theatre festivals of the country.
Mrityunjay Prabhakar's originally written play "Sadho Dekho Jag Baudana" was published by InkLit Publication. He has also written plays "Aao Natak Natak Khelen", 'Khwahishen', 'Jee Humen To Natak Karna Hai', 'Suicide', 'Hey Ram', 'Teri Meri Kahani Hai', 'Karnav' and others, which has been performed by different groups and directors in various theatre centres of the country. He has adopted famous Keniyan playwright Ngugi Wa Thiong's play 'The Black Hermit' as 'Jayen To Jayen Kahan'. The adoptation was first performed by NSD Graduate Randhir Kumar in 2005 in Patna. Later he reproduced the play in 2010 with SEHAR in Delhi. He has adopted H.S. Shivaprakash famous Kannad play 'Mochi Madaiah' in Hindi which was directed by Lokendra Arambam and published by Yash Publication, Delhi. An anthology on Contemporary Indian Theatre titled 'Samkaleen Rangkarm' is also credited on his name published by InkLit Publication. His Hindi Poetry Collection 'Jo Mere Bheetar Hain' was published by Akademi of Letters (Sahitya Akademi), India.
Keeping Hindi theatre alive in the hub of Marathi theatre is not an easy task in Pune But Swatantra Theatre has been doing this job with immense determination and dedication since 2006. Headed by Abhijeet Choudhary along with Dhanashree Heblikar the group has put up more than 65 performances in the last 6 (2006) years. Picking up issues of social and contemporary relevance with its plays, Swatantra has filled up a void that Hindi audiences in the city often rued. The group continues to work, coming up with at least one performance every month. Mashal Jalao Diye Se, based on the Delhi gang rape case, is their latest play. In association with FTII, Pune Swatantra Theatre celebrate Hindi Theatre Festival on HINDI DIWAS. 
Hindi playwriting.
Bhartendu's father wrote a play titled, "Nahul natak" in 1859, which is the "first Hindi drama of literary scope in the modern period", though there is little record of its staging. The first drama to be staged was Shital Prasad Trivedi's "Janaki mangal" at Banaras theatre, also known as "purana nachghar", in 1868, in which Bhartendu himself made his stage debut as an actor, and in the coming years he wrote prolifically wrote eighteen plays till his death in 1885. Pre-Bhartendu period, had created mostly mythological and epic inspired plays like, "Hanuman-natak", "Amasya sar natak", "Vichitra natak", "Shakuntala upakhyan", "Anand Raghunandan" and "Inder sabha".
Just as Bhartendu Harishchandra wrote "Satya Harishchandra" (1875), "Bharat Durdasha" (1876) and "Andher Nagari" (1878), in late 19th century, Jaishankar Prasad became the next big figure in Hindi playwriting with plays like "Skanda Gupta" (1928), "Chandragupta" (1931) and "Dhruvswamini" (1933), Maithili Sharan Gupt also wrote three plays, "Tilottama" (1916), "Chandrahaas" (1921) and "Anagha" (1925). The next phase of important plays after Prasad, came with Badrinath Bhatt, next it was Lakshminarayan Mishra's work which broke away from existing pattern of subject treatment and presentation and is known for its realism, and unmistakable influence of Isben as seen in "Sansyasi" (1931), "Raksha Ka Mandir" (1931), "Mukti ka rahasya" (1932), "Rajyoga" (1934) and "Sindoor ki Holi" (1934), which tackle social problem with marked directness. An important event in this period was establishment of "Hans", a literary magazine based in Varanasi, by noted writer Premchand in 1938, which published numerous important one-act plays in the coming years, further giving boost to the craft.
1940s and beyond.
As the Independence struggle was gathering steam playwrights broaching issues of nationalism and subversive ideas against the British, yet to dodge censorship, they adapted themes from mythology, history and legend and used them as vehicle for political messages, a trend that continues to date, though now it was employed to bring out social, personal and psychological issues rather than clearly political.
Post-independence the emerging republic threw up new issues for playwrights to tackle and express, and Hindi playwriting showed greater brevity and symbolism, but it was not as prolific as in case with Hindi poetry or fiction. Yet we have playwrights like Jagdish Chandra Mathur ("Konark") and Upendranath Ashk ("Anjo Didi"), who displayed a steadily evolving understanding of thematic development, theatrical constraints and stagecraft, and Gyandev Agnihotri stood out for his symbolism, wit and satire as visible in classic "Shuturmurg" written in the 1960s before moving into screenwriting for Hindi films in the 1970s.
The first important play of 20th century was "Andha Yug" (The Blind Epoch), by Dharamvir Bharati, which came in 1953, found in "Mahabharat", both an ideal source and expression of modern discontent and predicament of a society riddled with corruption. Starting with Ebrahim Alkazi it was staged by numerous directors. With his verse play "Uttar Priyadarshini", Agyeya found the story Ashoka's redemption, reflecting the modern call for peace. "Ashadh Ka Ek Din" (One Day in Ashadh), the debut play of modernist Mohan Rakesh was published in 1958, based on the life of Sanskrit dramatist Kalidas, and is considered the first Modern Hindi play. Mohan Rakesh went on to write two more plays, "Aadhe Adhure" (Halfway House) and "Leheron Ke Raj Hans" (Great Swans of the Waves) and left one, "Paon Taley Ki Zameen" (Ground beneath the Feet) unfinished by the time of his death in 1972, but he had shifted the landscape of Hindi theatre. Today, his rise as a prominent playwright in the 1960s is seen as the coming of age of Modern Indian playwriting in Hindi, just as Vijay Tendulkar did it in Marathi, Badal Sircar in Bengali, and Girish Karnad in Kannada. His plays have now become classics of Indian theatre, have been performed by almost every major Indian theatre director and have been part of the University curriculum in Hindi-speaking areas.
Initially inspired by western dramaturgy, in structure and movement, many initial playwrights adapted Ibsen and Brecht, but soon returned to roots and found both content and form, giving birth to the movement called "theatre of the roots", a concerted attempt to decolonise Indian theatre and distance itself from western theatre. Be it Habib Tanvir's "Agra Bazar" (1954) and "Charandas Chor" (1975), which brought in new indigenous forms of expression, On the other hand there were younger playwrights like Surendra Verma, with his "Surya Ki Antim Kiran Se Surya Ki Pahli Kiran Tak" (From Sunset to Sunrise, 1972), "Draupadi" and "Athwan sarga" (Eighth Chapter, 1976), rapidly experimented with forms and formats, and writers who ventured into playwrighting to produced important works, like Bhisham Sahni who has been associated with both IPTA and Progressive Writers Association, most noted for his partition-novel "Tamas" wrote, "Hanush" (1977), "Madhavi" (1982) and "Muavze" (1993).
Over the years the repertoire of Hindi plays has expanded to included translated and adapted works of successful playwrights from other languages, like Vijay Tendulkar, Girish Karnad, Mahesh Elkunchwar, G. P. Deshpande and Badal Sircar (Evam Indrajit, 1963, "Pagla Ghoda", 1967).
Danish Iqbal's "Dara Shikoh" is a modern classic which was staged by director M S Sathyu. In the words of noted critic Ramesh Chand Charlie Dara Shikoh is a turning point of traditional theatrical sensibilities. Use of Wali Deccani's period poetry provides this Play with a very rare artistic and historical context. Dazzling use of Kathak choreography by "Rani Khanum" and her Troupe, and authentic costumes including head gear, swords and period art work was a treat for the eyes. This Play had a good run at cities like Delhi, Gurgaon and Banglore.
Another notable Drama of Danish Iqbal is "Dilli jo ek Shehr Thaa" depicts the life and times of a Delhi lost during the invasion of Nadir Shah. He was awarded "Mohan Rakesh Samman" for this Play by the Chief Minister of Delhi Sheila Dixit. Recently this Play was staged by "Bharti Sharma" of "Kshitij Group" and had Delhi audience mesmerised by its production values and grandeur.
Danish also wrote "Sahir"' on the life and times of Sahir Ludhyanvi which was staged in Delhi for a packed audience and became a landmark production for the use of old film songs as part of Dramatic Narrative. Directed by NRI Director "Pramila Le Hunt" this play became a commercial success and had audience wishing more and more of Sahir. Danish Iqbal also wrote "Kuchh Ishq Kiya Kuchh Kaam" on the life and work of legendary poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz and "Sarah Ka Sara Aasman" on the poetess "Sarah Shagufta", besides the biographical Drama 'Ghalib' which used Ghalib's poetry for the basic narrative and was staged at Dubai for the expatriate Indian Community. Danish had also given the block buster 'Woh Akhiri Hichki' and 'Ek Thi Amrita'(on the life and times of Amrita Pritam) and some other early works. In recent years he has been using lot of elements of Cinema and mass media to bring theatrical sensibilities closer to the audiences fed with lot of Bollywood. It is a pity that his collected work is not available till now although few versions of 'Dara Shikoh' and 'Ghalib' are available but Dara Shikoh being a costly historical costume Drama it is not easy to stage such a demanding production. 'Dilli Jo Ek Shehr Thaa' has all the markings of a classic stage play combining high voltage conflict with realistic characterisations, treacherous conspiracies, romance, poetry, dances and catchy dialogues.
Sayeed Alam is known for his wit and humour and more particularly for Plays like 'Ghalib in New Delhi' 'Big B' and many other gems which are regularly staged for massive turn out of theatre lovers. Maulana Azad is his magnum opus both for its content and style.
Shahid's 'Three B' is also a significant Play. He has been associated with many groups like 'Natwa' and others. Zaheer Anwar has kept the flag of Theatre flying in Kolkata. Unlike the writers of previous generation Sayeed, Shahid, Danish and Zaheer do not write bookish Plays but their work is a product of vigorous performing tradition.
Dramatech, a Delhi-based theatre group formed by alumni of IIT Delhi in 1984, gave a new dimension to Hindi theatre by translating and staging many English classic plays, both musicals and straight plays. These included Hindi versions of musicals Fiddler on the Roof and Hello Dolly! and plays Agatha Christie's Ten Little Niggers & Witness for the Prosecution; A Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes stories; Joseph Kesselring's Arsenic and Old Lace. All these were translated, lyrics and directed by Ravi Raj Sagar, in the period 1984–87 and then 2002–12.Reference: www.dramatech.in
The group's same director also adapted and staged classic stories by Premchand in play Premchand: Three comedies for families and Children in 2012. Stories included in this were Do bailon ki katha, Shatranj ke khiladi, Nimantran.Ref: Review in Deccan Herald: http://www.deccanherald.com/content/269668/premchand-children.html Also: www.dramatech.in An interview with Director Ravi Raj Sagar on Premchand's works and Hindi & Urdu Literature was published in The Times of India: http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2012-10-02/books/34216836_1_munshi-premchand-stories-comedy-genres
Theatre criticism.
On the other hand, theatre criticism which had also began with Bhartendu, saw new voices emerging in the mid-20th century, like Lakshmi Narayan Lal, which were now subjecting recent Indian playwriting to touchstone of Isben and other western masters. Leading theatre critics were now employed by national dailies, this included Ramesh Chander and Nemichand Jain, and soon a second generation theatre criticism came to the fore in the 1960s, with Kavita Nagpal, Jaidev Taneja, and others. Literary journal also started having sections devoted to theatre criticism and many magazines now ran theatre review columns. In this period, a theatre journal "Natrang" edited by NC Jain started publishing, similar journal were brought out by state-run academies like, "Sangit Natak" by Sangeet Natak Akademi in Delhi, "Rangyog" at Rajasthan Academy in Jodhpur, and "Chhayanat" by Uttar Pradesh Academy in Lucknow. Another important development was the rise of documentation, academic research in various streams of Indian theatre by increasing number of theatre scholars, like Kapila Vatsyayan, Anuradha Kapoor and N C Jain.
Hindi theatre groups.
Sanskritik Sangam,
Salempur,Deoria,
Uttar Pradesh
2005,
Manvendra Tripathiwww.sanskritiksangam.com

</doc>
<doc id="31180532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180532" title="Fort Tiracol">
Fort Tiracol

Fort Tiracol, sometimes known as Terekhol Fort, is a fort in Goa, India. Located on the northern tip of Goa at the mouth of the Tiracol River, Fort Tiracol is reached by a ferry from Querim, 42 km North of Panaji. The name probably originated from the Marathi "tir-khol" meaning "steep river-bank".
The fort was originally built by Maharaja Khem Sawant Bhonsle, the Raja of Sawantwadi, in the 17th century. The site chosen was a hillock on the Northern (right) bank of the river, which gave a commanding view of the Arabian sea. The Bhonsles of Sawantwadi kept a sizeable fleet of native vessels which sheltered in the Tiracol River. The fort initially consisted of 12 guns, a barrack and a chapel.
In 1746, the Portuguese under the 44th Viceroy of Goa, Pedro Miguel de Almeida Portugal e Vasconcelos, conde de Assumar, marquis de Alorna, waged war against the Raja of Sawantwadi. On 16 November 1746, de Almeida brought the Portuguese fleet up to the River Kaisuva, waged a fierce maritime engagement against the naval forces of the Raja of Sawantwadi in which the Portuguese defeated the Sawantwadi forces utterly. Several skirmishes on land followed and Fort Tiracol was finally surrendered on 23 November 1746 to the Portuguese. 
The fort became an important part of Portuguese maritime defences; being extensively revamped in 1764. It remained in Portuguese control till December 1961 when the last of Portuguese territorial positions in the subcontinent were forcibly annexed by India.
On 17 February 1819, following the defeat of the Marathas, a treaty was signed by Raja "Bhonsle Khaima Sawunt" of "Sawunt Warree" who recognised British suzerainty. This treaty effectively abolished the strategic importance of the fort, as it became an enclave in territory controlled by British allies.
During the Portuguese Civil War, the fort served as a rebel stronghold during an uprising in 1825 against the Portuguese led by Dr. Bernardo Peres da Silva, the first Goan born Viceroy of Goa. It was greatly damaged but the fort and the chapel were later rebuilt. A ruthless Commandant, "Tiger-killer" da Cunha entered the fort and ordered the beheading of the entire garrison and the placing of the heads on stakes. 
Fort Tiracol was a symbolic location where freedom fighters from Goa demonstrated from time to time. On 15 August 1954, Satyagrahis protesting Portuguese rule entered Goa from three different directions - one of which was from the North to Fort Tiracol, which was occupied and flew the Indian flag for a day before they were captured and imprisoned.
A Church for the Holy Trinity was constructed in the fort courtyard by de Almeida after its capture. This later became the century old Church of St. Anthony. 
Now, in a state of ruins, Fort Tiracol has been converted into a hotel, the Fort Tiracol Heritage. The church is not open to the general public except on certain occasions, such as the annual feast that is usually held in May.

</doc>
<doc id="31180538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180538" title="Maghella">
Maghella

Maghella is an Italian comic book erotic character. She is a young woman with magic powers. She is a witch.
The 'Maghella' comic book was published in 1974. She made her first appearance as lead character in Erotic comic, which was named "Menelik" published in 1974 by Publistrip.
The girl is identified by two braids of black hair and giant breasts with unspecified powers and magic, hence is also known as "little witch". Her most typical exclamation is "Holy Shit", repeated in every adventure and evidently these are also the first words, she speaks in the first appearance in comic book "Menelik".
Maghella is one of many such characters from the Italian 'fumetti' tradition. Other figures from the same era, and with similarly violent or erotic preoccupations, include Zora la Vampira, Lucifera, Biancaneve, Vartan, Jacula, Jolanda de Almaviva, Sukia, and Yra.

</doc>
<doc id="31180541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180541" title="Postgraduate Medicine">
Postgraduate Medicine

Postgraduate Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by JTE Multimedia. It was established in 1916 with Charles William Mayo as its first editor-in-chief. The current editor-in-chief is Howard A. Miller (Drexel University College of Medicine). The journal publishes original research articles, reviews, and editorials directed towards primary care physicians. It is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed, Science Citation Index, and Current Contents/Clinical Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="31180542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180542" title="K. L. Puram">
K. L. Puram

K. L. Puram or Kukalametta Lakshmipuram is a village in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located on the National Highway 43 in the suburban area of Vizianagaram city towards Gajapathinagaram.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of K.L.Puram village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31180547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180547" title="Apung 1">
Apung 1

PLTD "Apung 1" is an electric generator ship in Banda Aceh, Sumatra, Indonesia that has become a tourist attraction. The 2,600 ton vessel had been in the sea and was flung 2 to 3 km inland by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami. It was owned by PLN, the local power generating company, and crashed upon two homes when it landed, killing those inside. Visitors can climb to the top of the ship.
This boat was given to Aceh during the Aceh conflict between the government and GAM (Gerakan Aceh Merdeka). In 2012-2013 this boat was renovated and now has 2 towers, a monument, a flying walk & jogging area and a fountain.

</doc>
<doc id="31180559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180559" title="List of Olympic venues in taekwondo">
List of Olympic venues in taekwondo

For the Summer Olympics, there have been seven venues that have been or be used to host taekwondo.

</doc>
<doc id="31180567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180567" title="Patricia Norris">
Patricia Norris

Patricia Norris (born 22 March 1931) is an American costume designer and production designer, who has worked on many significant American films.
Career.
Norris's first credit as costume designer was for "The Late Liz" (1971). She went on to design costumes for several iconic films of the 1970s and 80s, including "Capricorn One" (1977), "Days of Heaven" (1978), "Victor Victoria" (1982) and "Scarface" (1983).
In 1980, she designed the costumes for "The Elephant Man", the first of many collaborations with director David Lynch. For her next project with Lynch, "Blue Velvet", she received her first credit as production designer, taking responsibility for the entirety of the film's decor, not just the costumes. Norris continued to work on all of Lynch's films, up to "The Straight Story" (1999).
In recent years, Norris has collaborated with Plan B Entertainment on "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" (2007), "Killing Them Softly" (2012), and "12 Years a Slave" (2013).
Awards.
Norris has been nominated six times for the Academy Award for Costume Design, for "Days of Heaven", "The Elephant Man", "Victor Victoria", "2010", "Sunset" and "12 Years a Slave". She won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Costume Design for a Series for the pilot episode of "Twin Peaks".
In 2010, she received a Lifetime Achievement Award for the Art Directors Guild.

</doc>
<doc id="31180574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180574" title="Susanne Karstedt">
Susanne Karstedt

Susanne Karstedt is Professor of Criminology at the University of Leeds, United Kingdom. Prior to this, she was Professor of Criminology at Keele University.
Karstedt is a leading authority on middle-class crime, and is currently conducting research on genocide. 
In 2007, she received the Sellin-Glueck-Award of the American Society of Criminology, an award given to criminologists for the introduction of new perspectives on the problem of crime in international or comparative work out side the U.S. Other recipients of the award include criminologists Nils Christie, David P. Farrington, Stanley Cohen, Roger Hood, David Garland, Anthony Bottoms, Pat Carlen, Jock Young, Pat O'Malley and Frances Heidensohn.

</doc>
<doc id="31180615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180615" title="Anarsia dryinopa">
Anarsia dryinopa

Anarsia dryinopa is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is known from Australia and the warmer regions of New Zealand in both the North and the South Islands.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on the phyllodes and in galls on "Acacia" species in Australia and in New Zealand they have been reared from the foliage of "Acacia longifolia", "Acacia melanoxylon" and "Albizzia julibrissin".

</doc>
<doc id="31180634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180634" title="List of Olympic venues in tennis">
List of Olympic venues in tennis

For the Summer Olympics, there are 15 venues that have been or will be used for tennis. This counts separately the two different venues of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club at Wimbledon: The original Worple Road venue (now used by Wimbledon High School) was used for the 1908 Summer Olympics; the current Church Road venue, opened in 1922, was used for the 2012 Summer Olympics. (Each venue was also used that year for the Wimbledon Championships.)

</doc>
<doc id="31180638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180638" title="Isochaetina">
Isochaetina

Isochaetina is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31180642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180642" title="The Wonderful Story">
The Wonderful Story

The Wonderful Story may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31180665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180665" title="TusPark (Nanjing)">
TusPark (Nanjing)

Tuspark Nanjing or Tsinghua University Science Park Nanjing (Tuspark (Nanjing) Development Co. Ltd.) is a Chinese high-tech office park next to the Nine Dragon Lake, between Nanjing CBD and Nanjing Airport in Jiangning District of Nanjing, China. It is the Nanjing Branch of TusPark, the world's largest university science and technology park.
Tuspark has 30 branches all around China. About 400 companies and 25,000 employees work in Tuspark complexes. The most famous is the Tsinghua Science Park, which is next to the Tsinghua University. In Nanjing, Tuspark owns three office areas with a total space of 233.000m². The total investment is 1 billion RMB. The green ratio of the Tuspark Nanjing green is 3.4 / 35.08%. 80% of the offices has lake view. The workers and researchers deal with equipment manufacturing, software and outsourcing, animation, new energy, and bio-medicine. The coupling of industry and research centers creates an innovative platform for industrial developments. The Jiangning Development Zone is one of the most innovative area in the Yangtze River Delta.
The Nanjing Science and Technology Park's opening ceremony was held near the Jiulong Lake with the Jiangsu Provincial Standing Committee and TusPark founder and president Mei Meng, TusPark CEO Xu Jinghong, party secretary Zhu Shanlu, Kang KeJun, Shi ZongKai, Rong Yonglin, Wang Yonghong, Li Qi, Bai Peng, Lu Jiechao, Yang Yulin were in attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="31180681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180681" title="The Wonderful Story (1922 film)">
The Wonderful Story (1922 film)

The Wonderful Story is a 1922 British drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Lillian Hall-Davis, Herbert Langley and Olaf Hytten. The fiancee of a farmer falls in love with his brother. It was based on the novel "The Wonderful Story" by I.A.R. Wylie. The producer Herbert Wilcox chose the story because he believed as it was homely and had few characters it would be suited for the cinema. The film was made on budget of £1,400 and Wilcox sold the rights to it for £4,000. Despite being acclaimed by the critics it was considered a failure at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="31180700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180700" title="The Physician and Sportsmedicine">
The Physician and Sportsmedicine

The Physician and Sportsmedicine is a global, peer-reviewed medical journal published by JTE Multimedia. The journal's target audience is physicians who treat patients with active lifestyles, focusing on maintaining a balance between health and exercise. The journal is published four times annually. Articles that are published are indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed and most other indexing services. "The Physician and Sportsmedicine" provides online access to select articles for one year after publication. It also offers interactive features such as podcasts and videos.

</doc>
<doc id="31180701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180701" title="The Shaggy Dog (1994 film)">
The Shaggy Dog (1994 film)

The Shaggy Dog is a comedy television movie. Released in 1994 for ABC's Saturday night Disney Family Movies series, it is the first remake of the original 1959 film.
Plot.
Preteen Moochie Daniels just wants a dog, but his dad, Ron, is allergic to canines, like Bundles, the shabby sheep dog of neighbor Charlie Mulvihill who secretly trained his pet to help him steal jewels. Mooch's big brother Wilbert 'Wilby' is smart, shy and a promising inventor, but hopelessly clumsy when it comes to girls, and is jealous of his slick mate Trey who has no problems. Desperate Wilby resorts to a spell from the ring of Lucrezia Borgia (he accidentally got from dad's museum of curiosities), which magically turns him into Bundles and back at uncontrollable times. This is how he also knows that the diamond on loan in his father's museum is Charlie's next target, but who would believe his story?

</doc>
<doc id="31180703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180703" title="List of Olympic venues in triathlon">
List of Olympic venues in triathlon

Since its debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the triathlon has been planned for five different venues.

</doc>
<doc id="31180709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180709" title="John Elliot (antiquary)">
John Elliot (antiquary)

John Elliot (1725 – 1782) was an English lawyer and antiquary.
Life.
Elliot was born in 1725 in the parish of St. John-sub-Castro, Lewes, the son of Obadiah Elliot, proprietor of a brewery. After learning his rudiments at Lewes Grammar School he was articled to an attorney, and eventually secured a good practice. Despite business, and a Methodist wife, he kept up an antiquarian correspondence. He was in touch with William Burrell and John Watson. To Watson he passed information for his Memoirs of the "Ancient Earls of Warren and Surrey".
Elliot was elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries 7 December 1780. He died suddenly in Southampton Row, Bloomsbury, 28 February 1782, aged 57. He had asked "to be buried in the vault in St. Michael's churchyard in Lewes with my father and mother". By his wife, Margaret Cook of Berwick-upon-Tweed, who survived him, he left no issue.
Legacy.
Elliott bequeathed his manuscript collections on Lewes and Sussex to Burrell. They later went, with Burrell's manuscripts, to the British Museum. He had an antiquarian library at his chambers in the Inner Temple, which he directed to be sold after his death. He never published.

</doc>
<doc id="31180721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180721" title="Jörgenberg castle">
Jörgenberg castle

Jörgenberg Romansh: "Munt Sogn Gieri") is a castle ruin located in Seth, Switzerland, near Waltensburg, in Surselva, Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="31180753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180753" title="San Francisco general election, November 2011">
San Francisco general election, November 2011

The November 2011 San Francisco general elections were held on November 8, 2011 in San Francisco, California. The elections included those for San Francisco mayor, district attorney, and sheriff, and eight ballot measures.
District attorney.
George Gascón, the former Chief of the San Francisco Police Department appointed by then-Mayor Gavin Newsom to replace Kamala Harris, ran for his first election.
Sheriff.
Incumbent Sheriff Michael Hennessey did not seek reelection.
Propositions.
Proposition A.
Proposition A would authorize the San Francisco Unified School District to issue up to $531 million in bonds, funded by a property tax increase, to modernize and repair school facilities, and create a citizens' oversight committee to monitor expenditures. This proposition required a majority of 55% to pass.
Proposition B.
Proposition B would authorize the City to issue $248 million in bonds for the repair and improvement of streets, bicycling paths, and pedestrian and traffic infrastructure. This proposition required a two-thirds majority to pass.
Proposition C.
Proposition C would adjust pension contribution rates for current and future City employees, implement limits on future pension benefits and increases, require all City employees to contribute to their retiree health care costs, among other changes to the City pension system. This was submitted to the ballot to counter Proposition D below.
Proposition D.
Proposition D would adjust pension contribution rates for current and future City employees, implement limits on future pension benefits and increases, prohibit the City from picking up the cost of employee's contributions to pension benefits, among other changes to the City pension system. This was submitted to the ballot to counter Proposition C above.
Proposition E.
Proposition E would allow ballot measures submitted by the Mayor or the Board of Supervisors on or after January 1, 2012, and subsequently approved by voters, to be amended or repealed by two-thirds of the Board three years after passage, and by a majority seven years after passage.
Proposition F.
Proposition F would decrease disclosure requirements of campaign consultants to the San Francisco Ethics Commission.
Proposition G.
Proposition G would increase the sales tax by 0.5% for a period of ten years or until the California state government instates a sales tax hike of 1% or more for at least one year. This proposition required a two-thirds majority to pass.
Proposition H.
Proposition H would make it City policy that school admissions be based primarily on the student's proximity to neighborhood schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31180773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180773" title="List of Olympic venues in volleyball">
List of Olympic venues in volleyball

For the Summer Olympics there are 32 venues that have been or will be used for beach volleyball or volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="31180783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180783" title="Biochore">
Biochore

A biochore is a subdivision of the biosphere consisting of biotopes that resemble one another and thus are colonized by similar vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="31180784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180784" title="Chennai–Trivandrum Superfast Express">
Chennai–Trivandrum Superfast Express

Chennai – Trivandrum Superfast Express is a superfast train connecting Chennai to Thiruvananthapuram. The train was introduced in 30 May 2006 and runs daily from Chennai Central to Trivandrum Central.
Number and Nomenclature.
This train is assigned 12695 number in the Chennai - Thiruvananthapuram direction and 12696 number in the Thiruvananthapuram - Chennai direction. It is the only daily train (except Janashatabdi) in Kerala which skips Aluva (AWY).

</doc>
<doc id="31180787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180787" title="Matthew Clarkin">
Matthew Clarkin

Matthew (Matt) Clarkin is an English born New Zealand rugby union player and son of Chele and Paul Clarkin who was known internationally as 'Mr Polo'. His elder brother is John-Paul Clarkin a professional polo player.
Clarkin has played most of his professional rugby career at the top level in France and is captain of the Top 14 team Union Bordeaux Bègles.
He has been described as being a player that is able to orchestrate play, as well as having a strong work ethic and hitting the ball up into the opposition allowing space for the back line.
Career.
In 2004 he moved to US Montauban where he played from 2004–2010, captaining the side in the 2009–10 Top 14 season. Montauban were liquidated at the end of the 2009–10 season due to financial problems and Clarkin signed a 2 year deal with the Pro D2 team Union Bordeaux Begles (UBB) in April 2010.
Under Clarkin's captaincy, UBB finished 5th in the 2010–11 Rugby Pro D2 season and went on to win the play-offs to gain promotion to the Top 14.

</doc>
<doc id="31180829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180829" title="Philosophy of Education Society of Great Britain">
Philosophy of Education Society of Great Britain

The Philosophy of Education Society of Great Britain was established in 1964 'to promote the development and teaching of the rigorous philosophical study of educational questions'. Professor Louis Arnaud Reid was the first President. 
The Society has a regional network and its members are from both the UK and overseas. Membership is open to individuals who have been or are engaged in some form of study of the philosophy of education. It also holds regular events, including an annual conference and publishes the "Journal of Philosophy of Education" and the booklet series IMPACT.
External links.
Archive material held at the Institute of Education. Available on the online catalogue

</doc>
<doc id="31180843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180843" title="Hospital Practice">
Hospital Practice

Hospital Practice is a global, peer-reviewed, and clinically oriented publication for hospitalists that is published by JTE Multimedia. The journal was first established in 1966. "Hospital Practice" is published four times annually. Common topics covered in the journal issues are the latest in-hospital treatments and protocols relevant to patient care. Articles published in "Hospital Practice" are indexed in MEDLINE/Publine and most other indexing services.

</doc>
<doc id="31180848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180848" title="Rémilly–Saarbrücken railway">
Rémilly–Saarbrücken railway

The railway from Rémilly to Saarbrücken is a French and German 55-kilometre long railway line, that connects the French Lorraine region to the German city Saarbrücken. The railway was opened between 1851 and 1852. It is part of the international railway connection between Paris and Frankfurt am Main.
Route.
The line branches off the Metz–Réding railway at Rémilly, and leaves it in a northeasterly direction. It crosses the industrial area around Saint-Avold and Forbach. It passes the German border, crosses the river Saar and joins the line from Trier to Saarbrücken after about 55 km.
Main stations.
The main stations on the Rémilly–Saarbrücken railway are:
Services.
The Rémilly–Saarbrücken railway is used by the following passenger services:

</doc>
<doc id="31180865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180865" title="Pari Center for New Learning">
Pari Center for New Learning

The Pari Center for New Learning is a non-profit educational center located in the village of Pari in Civitella Paganico of the Province of Grosseto, Italy. The center is directed by F. David Peat, who co-authored the book "Science, Order, and Creativity" with theoretical physicist David Bohm. The center has hosted, with the support of its renowned "fellows" from academia and the arts, the academy "Accademia dei Pari". It hosts international conferences on the role of trust and ethics in the world of economics and business, and conferences on the relationship between religion and science.
Origin and aims.
It was created by F. David Peat and Maureen Doolan in 2000, with the support and assistance of external advisors, of the people of Pari, of Pari's village association Sette Colli and of the "comune di Civitella-Paganico".
The center is dedicated to education, learning and research and fosters an interdisciplinary approach linking science, the arts, ethics and spirituality. Above all, the Pari Center for New Learning is dedicated to the principle of "the spirit of place". Its location in a medieval village provides a setting for visitors of the center to pause and think about the future and the values, meaning and direction of contemporary society. The founders intend the wooded countryside and traditional farming methods in the surroundings of the center to draw attention to the importance of ecological considerations in comparison to progress and consumerism.
The Pari Center takes a "gentle" approach to learning, emphasizing human interaction in simple, pleasant surroundings without the intrusion of unnecessary technology. The underlying philosophy and approach is that of "Gentle Action" laid out in the book by David Peat of the same title.
Activities.
The center's activities include residential courses and conferences that reflect the Center's philosophy, opportunities for scholars and researchers to spend extended periods in Pari as well as mentoring given by David Peat and other members of the Center's faculty.
The center hosts several courses or seminars every year. 
It has hosted the "Accademia dei Pari", the name of which has a double meaning in Italian language, signifying both the "academy of the people of Pari" and "the academy of equals". The fellows of the academy include theoretical physicist Basil Hiley who collaborated over decades with David Bohm, art historian Deborah Klimburg-Salter who has studied the impact of the Sanghata Sutra, theoretical physicist Ignazio Licata, astronomer and space scientist Roger Malina, physicist Roy McWeeny and Paavo Pylkkänen who has published articles on consciousness with Basil Hiley.
It has run international conferences on the role of trust and ethics in the world of economics and business as well as conferences on the relationship between religion and science; one of these is documented in the book "The Pari Dialogues: Essays in Science, Religion, Society and the Arts" of 2008 by F. David Peat.
In June 2008, the Pari Center for New Learning hosted a conference on "The Legacy of David Bohm", which included many collaborators and early students of Bohm as participants.
Along with organisations in Berlin, London, Stockholm, Tromso and Lisbon, the Pari Center for New Learning is partner in the project "UniGrowCity", for which it hosted a members' meeting in November 2011. The project, intended to address experienced-based learning for a more sustainable city of the future, was initiated by six organisations in six European countries and is part of the Grundtvig programme on adult education.
The center is associated with "Pari Publishing", a small publishing house specialized in science, religion, society, psychology, linguistics and the arts, managed by Eleanor Peat.
Awards.
Three times in 2003, 2004 and 2006, the Pari Dialogues hosted by the Pari Center for New Learning were awarded the "Local Societies Initiative Supplemental Grant Award" by the Metanexus Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="31180869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180869" title="Ortenstein">
Ortenstein

Ortenstein is a castle located in Switzerland, near Tomils, in Graubünden.
The initial castle at the location was destroyed in a conflict called "Schamserfehde" in 1451 but obtained the privilege to be rebuilt unlike other castles then. 
Today it is privately owned although it was with the municipality of Tomils for the first time in 1527 already.

</doc>
<doc id="31180873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180873" title="Samuel Cotes">
Samuel Cotes

Samuel Cotes (1734–1818) was a younger brother of Francis Cotes, R.A.. He was a successful painter of miniature portraits and also worked in crayons. He died in Chelsea in 1818.
Life.
He was third son of Robert Cotes, mayor of Galway, who settled in London, became a doctor and married Elizabeth, daughter of Francis Lynn, chief secretary to the Royal African Company. He was brought up by his father for the medical profession, but was encouraged by his brother Francis Cotes's success as a painter to take up art; he received instruction from Francis.
Cotes retired from active life some years before his death. He resided in Paradise Row, Chelsea, London, where he died 7 March 1818 in his eighty-fifth year.
Works.
Cotes became known as a portrait painter; his crayon portraits were also admired. He painted in miniature both on enamel and on ivory, and exhibited from 1760 to 1789 at the exhibitions of the Incorporated Society of Artists, of which he was a fellow, and at the Royal Academy. During this time he resided at 25 Percy Street, Rathbone Place. After his brother's death he painted a large miniature of him from memory. A portrait by him of Mary Anne Yates as Electra was engraved in mezzotint by Philip Dawe, and a portrait of Thomas Pownall by Richard Earlom.
Family.
Cotes was twice married, first to Mary Creswick in 1768, and secondly in 1780 to Sarah Shepherd, an artist, who died 27 September 1814, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="31180878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180878" title="Casey Patrick Tebo">
Casey Patrick Tebo

Casey Tebo is an American film and video director. His longest running collaboration is with Aerosmith. Tebo has directed hundreds live concerts for artists ranging from Aerosmith, Mötley Crüe, Judas Priest and Velvet Revolver to Run DMC, Jennifer Hudson and Sarah McLachlan. He has directed live broadcast events for Disney/ESPN, NFL, and MTV and specials including VH1's "Fashion Rocks," ABC's "Dick Clark's Rockin' Eve" and Hard Rock Cafe's "London Calling. In 2012 Tebo wrote the comedic intro, and directed Aerosmith's first music video in over 10 years, "Legendary Child"
Career.
Tebo was discovered by Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while working as an editor on Aerosmith's "Rockin' the Joint" album alongside English music director Dick Carruthers in 2003, frontman Steven Tyler aptly told Tebo, "You should be the one directing." Since 2006, Tebo has spanned the globe from Moscow to Abu Dhabi serving as Aerosmith's tour documentarian and live director, creating dozens of short film concert pieces for the band along the way.
An offshoot to live directing, Tebo has made the successful transition to commercial director, creating spots for ESPN, VH1, MTV, Cadillac, Mercedes-Benz, USA Today and G-Tech Lottery corporation. Prior to becoming a director, Tebo was an editor and visual artist collaborating with Outkast, Radiohead, Deep Purple, Kid Rock, Slash and Stone Temple Pilots. He's been published in Rolling Stone, Spin, and Playboy.
His first narrative short film entitled "THE CAPTIVUS" was released in March 2011, and played at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival
it was Tebo's friend and mentor Steven Tyler who told him "It's time for people to see you can do more than direct big rock concerts"
In 2013 Tebo's first feature film will be released, it is a concert film entitled "ROCK FOR THE RISING SUN". The film tells the story of Aerosmith's journey to Japan shortly after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster of 2011.
In 2014, Tebo wrote and directed his first narrative feature film entitled "HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" It's slated for release in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="31180910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180910" title="John Joseph Cotman">
John Joseph Cotman

John Joseph Cotman (1814–1878) was an English landscape painter, the son of John Sell Cotman.
Life.
Cotman was born in 1814 at Southtown, Great Yarmouth. He was sent to work for his uncle, a haberdasher, but spent much of his time making sketches in the countryside. When his father was appointed drawing-master at Kings College School in London in 1834, Cotman accompanied him to the capital, but later returned to Norwich to take over his brother Miles Edmund Cotman's teaching work there. 
Cotman worked mostly in watercolour, painting, unlike his brother, in a rather loose, free manner.
He died in Norwich in 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="31180926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180926" title="Free statistical software">
Free statistical software

Free statistical software is a practical alternative to commercial packages. In general, free statistical software gives results that are the same as the results from commercial programs, and many of the packages are fairly easy to learn, using menu systems, although a few are command-driven. These packages come from a variety of sources, including governments, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) like UNESCO, and universities, and are also developed by individuals.
Some packages are developed for specific purposes (e.g., time series analysis, factor analysis, calculators for probability distributions, etc.), while others are general packages, with a variety of statistical procedures. Others are meta-packages or statistical computing environments, which allow the user to code completely new statistical procedures. This article is a review of the general statistical packages.
Brief history of free statistical software.
Some of the free software packages are from governmental or NGO organizations, such as Epi Info, from CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention), and IDAMS from UNESCO. Some other software packages are from smaller or independent organizations or universities, such as Instat or Irristat. Two other packages, R, and PSPP are being developed as part of the GNU Project by a large group of individuals, many of them volunteers, all over the world. These packages are notable in that it is not just open source but also free software in the same sense that material written on Wikipedia is free: others can edit, use, and redistribute at will.
A large proportion of free statistical software packages, however, are from individuals. Some of these software packages from individuals include Easyreg, MicrOsiris, OpenStat, PSPP, SOFA, Zelig. and SCaVis
At least one package, WinIDAMS, was developed for the purposes of making key technologies available to those who could not otherwise afford them, to empower development. OpenStat and Instat were developed as teaching aids. Other packages were developed for specific purposes but can be more generally used. Examples are Irristat, developed for agricultural analysis, and Epi Info, developed for public health. Several of the packages, PSPP, R and Osiris don't appear to give any statements about why they were developed, other than just general use for statistical analysis.
These free software packages have been used in a number of scholarly publications. For example, OpenStat was used in a research letter to JAMA and in several published studies. Irristat is used in an agricultural report,
While Microsiris doesn't appear to be used in academic research, the author of the program was one of the original authors of OSIRIS, which was the starting program from which WinIdams was developed. The author of Microsiris also has contributed or co-contributed several components to WinIdams.
Reviews of free statistical software.
There are a few reviews of free statistical software. There were two reviews in journals (but not peer reviewed), one by Zhu and Kuljaca and another article by Grant that included mainly a brief review of R. Zhu and Kuljaca outlined some useful characteristics of software, such as ease of use, having a number of statistical procedures and ability to develop new procedures. They reviewed several programs and identified which ones, at that time, had the most functionality. At that time, several of the programs may not have had all of the desired ability for advanced statistics. Grant reviewed some of the programing features of R, and briefly mentioned the availability of other programs. One other paper reviewed statistical packages, mainly commercial, but includes R. One article reviewed EasyReg and included a discussion of its accuracy.
Only one review has compared the output of various packages. In this review, all of the packages read either CSV files or Microsoft Excel format. All of the packages gave exactly the same results for correlation and regression. The free software packages also gave the same regression results as did excel. One of the main differences among the packages was how they handled missing data. With the example data sets used in the review, and for the package versions available in November 2006 when this review was conducted, two packages, MicrOsiris and Epi Info, could read files with blanks for missing. Two other programs, Stat4U and WinIdams need something for the missing, like -9 or -9.99. The other packages could only handle data sets with no missing values.
Two websites that list software also have very brief reviews of each package. These two sites are StatCon and by Pezzullo. These sites mainly offer a brief list of the features available in the packages. Similarly, one other web site compares the statistical procedures available on free statistical packages. In this review, R had all of the procedures, OpenStat had 16, MacAnova had 15, and Microsiris had 12. The others had from 8 to 11 of the procedures.
There is also a journal specifically for statistical software, although the main focus is on commercial software, R and some coding snippets.
In contrast, there are various reviews of commercial statistical software, such as a comparison between several major packages and a brief review of several packages.
Using free statistical software.
Before using any statistical packages, it is generally a good idea to have a solid background in Statistics. Then the packages can be used to the best advantage, for example, to choose the most appropriate test, to make sure all the necessary assumptions are met, so that the appropriate conclusions can be drawn.
Once the statistical issues are understood, the next step is to decide which package to use. Most of these packages are menu driven, and can be learned in a couple of hours at most, except R, which is generally code driven and requires a much longer time to learn, and to some extent CDC's Epi Info, which also takes some time to learn.
Several of the packages also have tutorials. These tutorials help with a basic introduction and learning the basics of the programs. For example, CDC has tutorials about Epi Info. The CDC page also lists a video slide show tutorial from the University of Nebraska, and another site has on line training classes. R has a large number of tutorials and manuals, in English and other languages and a faq site. A few of the packages have email discussion lists, including R and PSPP. The SCaVis has an active forum, FAQ and an online manual
Most of the packages have on line manuals, guides or help pages. These manuals or guides are useful when there are questions about specific procedures or statistical tests. Some manuals or guides are for R, EasyReg, OpenStat, PSPP, Vista, WinIdams, Microsiris and Zelig. The CDC EpiInfo site itself does not have a manual, but one faculty member from Emory's School of Public Health has an introductory manual. The SCaVis program is based on the book, but also an extensive online manual and help system exist 
Finally, there are a number of commercial packages such as SAS, SPSS and many others. Most of the major commercial and free packages have many statistical procedures in common. The main reason to use free packages is probably the cost.
Menu driven packages.
Many of the packages have some kind of opening menu that is used to get or enter the data, manipulate the data, and select the statistical analysis. Then after starting the program, generally data can be obtained, either from previously saved data sets, or importing from some other format. From this menu, data files in various formats can be imported. For example if the data is in CSV form (text with commas between values), the program recognizes the format and creates a data set from the CSV file. Finally, the program can be used to do some analysis. In this analysis menu, the variables of interest can be selected, along with other options. Then the analysis is run and results are obtained.
Command driven packages.
A few programs, like WinIDAMS, need commands for many of their procedures. WinIDAMS does have an interactive menu to read in data, but then specific statistical procedures need a set of text commands. For example, the text command lines for frequencies look like this:
This set of commands identifies procedure (tables), the data set and dictionary (PD_data_idams.dat and dic) and the variables. The procedures all have various options outlined in the manuals.
R can be used both in a menu-driven way and as a programming language and as an interpreter.
SCaVis is mainly a command driven package that uses scripting languages, such as Jython (Python implemented in Java), Groovy,
JRuby. Java coding is also possible.
Getting data.
Most packages are able to import data from excel or CSV (text with commas separating values).
One consideration is whether there are missing data. Some packages, like PSPP and MicrOsiris, can automatically deal with the missing data. So for example, say one set of data look like this:
In this data set, Sam is missing age, and Sally is missing whether she was born in the USA. When some packages, like PSPP or MicrOsiris, read in or import the original data set, the packages will recognize that those values are missing, and do their calculations accordingly. MicrOsiris automatically assigns 1.5 or 1.6 billion to blanks as missing, and these values are excluded from analysis.
Other packages need a 'place holder', such as '-9' where there is missing data. Before the package is used to read the data, the data set has to be edited to put in place holder where there are missing data. So for example:
If the data set actually includes '-9', then when the data is being read in the program will have to be told when the -9 means missing data.
Limitations of packages.
Most of the packages have limitations of some sort.
Variables in WidIDAMS are limited to 9 digits in length and so have to be manipulated before analysis. Several of the programs, including Easyreg, Epidata and Instat, do not appear to handle missing data or do not handle it well. While EpiInfo has many statistical procedures, correlation is not one of them. Rather correlation is found by regression. This means that EpiInfo will not produce a single table showing correlations among multiple variables. According to the Zelig installation manual, use of Zelig requires that R and several of its libraries already be installed, and the installation also requires some degree of background in R. One limit of MicrOsiris is in handling the output. When calculations are complete, the output pages through the results, but various menu boxes also appear over the results, and so the results cannot be accessed. The output can be saved, though, as a text file and then used.
One limitation is specific to programs that were developed by individuals. Support for these programs is limited to the time that the author has available. While the authors may, and often do, respond fairly quickly when there are few people asking questions, if too many people ask questions or the author is otherwise busy, support would correspondingly be slower.
R is both written by and used by a large number of people all over the world, and many internet-fora and other internet facilities can be used to get support from other users. While R is powerful, the learning curve can be rather steep for those not already familiar with other kinds of scientific programming.

</doc>
<doc id="31180942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180942" title="Bob Paine Trophy">
Bob Paine Trophy

The Bob Paine Trophy was awarded to the play-off champion of the now-defunct Atlantic Coast Hockey League. The Paine Trophy was awarded to teams since the ACHL's inaugural season of 1981–82 until the ACHL's final season of 1986–87. The trophy is named after Bob Paine, an executive with several teams in the Southern Hockey League and Eastern Hockey League. The trophy was loaned to the winning team for one year and is returned at the start of the following years playoffs.
The Paine Trophy has been awarded six different times to four different franchises. The Carolina Thunderbirds were the only multiple winners of the trophy, having won it three of the six years including back to back wins from 1984–85 to 1985–86.
The last team to win the Paine Trophy was the Virginia Lancers.

</doc>
<doc id="31180947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180947" title="Miles Edmund Cotman">
Miles Edmund Cotman

Miles Edmund Cotman (5 February 1810 –23 January 1858) was an English artist of the Norwich School, the eldest son of John Sell Cotman.
Life.
Cotman was born on 5 February 1810, the son of the artist John Sell Cotman. Taught to paint by his father, he first exhibited with the Norwich Society at the age of thirteen, and by the time of the society's closure in 1833 had shown 60 works. Some of his early watercolours were continental scenes, probably based on prints, or on sketches by his father's friend, W.H. Herriott. 
When his father left to take up a post teaching at King's College School in London, Cotman took over his practice as a drawing-master in Norwich. Once the family home in St Martin's Plain in Norwich had been sold, however, he moved to London to assist his father, while his younger brother, John Joseph, who had accompanied his father to the capital returned to take over the family's teaching practice. At first Cotman had no official post at the school, but in December 1836, he was appointed Assistant Drawing Master. Sometimes father and son collaborated on paintings. One joint work depicts the wreck of the ship carrying the works of art sold by Robert Walpole to Catherine the Great – a completely imaginary incident. He stood in for his father during illnesses and absences, and succeeded to his post following his death in 1842. 
His watercolours followed the style of his father's more brightly coloured works of the late 1820s and early 1830s. John Sell Cotman thought his son had a "hard dry manner", although his style gradually loosened, He was especially fond of shipping scenes, sometimes based on sketches made aboard a small boat owned by the Cotman family on trips along the coast to the Thames estuary and the River Medway.
Two sets of etchings by Cotman were published by Charles Muskett.
From the mid-1830s he exhibited frequently in both London and Norwich, many of the works being in oil. For most of his time in London he lived at 42 Hunter Street, near Brunswick Square. In 1851, however, he was living in Haverstock Hill, and soon afterwards left London due to poor health. He moved in with his brother John Joseph at Thorpe, near Norwich. They later moved to Great Plumstead. He died in the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital on 23 January 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="31180955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180955" title="Elijah Jones">
Elijah Jones

Elijah Albert Jones (1882–1943), nicknamed "Bumpus", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Detroit Tigers in 1907 and 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="31180968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180968" title="Tonfa in popular culture">
Tonfa in popular culture

The Tonfa is a popular weapon in video games, anime and manga.
In video games.
In video games, tonfa are the weapons of many characters.
In manga and anime.
In manga and anime, tonfa are also often wielded. 
In comics.
Justice League villain Prometheus welds a high-tech tonfa. 

</doc>
<doc id="31180974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180974" title="N&amp;W J class (1879)">
N&amp;W J class (1879)

Norfolk and Western Class J is a Class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives of the Norfolk and Western Railroad, United States. It was built from 1879 at the Baldwin Locomotive Works, Pennsylvania, and was retired in 1900. 
This was the first "J" class, and was followed by the J class of 1903 and the J class of 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="31180980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180980" title="Brigade M">
Brigade M

Brigade M was a Dutch right wing nationalist Rock Against Communism-band from Sassenheim in the Bollenstreek. The driving force behind Brigade M had always been Tim Mudde.
The band was founded in 1995 out of the ashes of the hardcore band Opel Kadeath. Initially the band's set list was limited and there were only a few concerts held. Only a few years after the founding the band had an upsurge in the extreme right subcultures in Europe
Under the name 'Dirk' they rehearsed for a while in the Muziekhuis in Leiden. Soon several leftist groups started protesting against this. Alderman Alexander Pechtold decided though to let the group to continue to rehearse there because there were no legal means to deny them. Brigade M thanked him by composing the song "Pechtold Houzee!" ("Hail Pechthold!").
In 2003 the band's line up was thoroughly changed. The two members with the most extremist ideas were kicked out of the band by Mudde and afterwards Brigade M became more moderate right. National Socialism was put on the ash heap and National Bolshevism, Strasserism, meta politics, people's nationalism, language purism, European unity and conservative criticism of society became the fundaments of the band. They also highlighted vegetarianism, alcoholism, fast food, the antifa (most notably with their song "Lui, laf en lelijk", better known for the lyrics "Antifa Ha Ha Ha") and the Arab–Israeli conflict (in which they side with the Palestinians) in their lyrics, which they themselves called "radical and nationalistic"
The band was dissolved in 2005 after their last CD "Nationaal Revolutionair" with the reason that their national-revolutionary ideas didn't get much credence with the nationalistic subcultures in Europe because most nationalists are too chauvinist.
Afterwards the band still performed now and then at special occasions until 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31180983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31180983" title="Magic Seeds">
Magic Seeds

Magic Seeds is a 2004 novel by Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul published by Alfred A. Knopf (US). The novel is set in India and Europe (Berlin and London).
Plot summary.
"Magic Seeds" is a sequel to Naipaul's 2001 novel "Half a Life". "Magic Seeds" takes over where "Half a Life" left off – with Willie Somerset Chandran, a transplanted Indian, living with his sister Sarojini in Berlin. He was forced to come to Germany after a revolution in an unnamed African country (presumably Mozambique) forced him into exile. He had spent 18 years in Africa, and is ill at ease in the urban European setting. His sister arranges for him to return to India and become involved with communist guerrillas over there. He accepts this mission, but without any real sense of commitment to the rebels cause. He is quickly disillusioned with the guerrillas – their personal shortcomings and the ill-advised tactics of the movement – but remains involved with them partly out of inertia and partly out of fear that his former comrades might kill him. Eventually he gets captured and imprisoned, and finds life in prison preferable to a life on the run. He gets released from the prison when his English friend Roger arranges for an old collection of his short stories to be republished, which causes some embarrassment to the Indian government. Willie moves to London, and there he finds himself in an upper-middle class social set, and he slowly drifts into the life in the suburbs, with all its ironies and quiet sense of claustrophobia.

</doc>
<doc id="31181006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181006" title="Eli Baker">
Eli Baker

Eli Baker (born September 27, 2001) is an American actor, best known for playing the role of Henry Fisher in the TV series "Growing Up Fisher". He is the son of Jessie and David Baker. He has two older sisters, Eden and Bailey, and a labradoodle named Hazel. He is a soccer and lacrosse player, and has been a dancer since he was 3 1/2.

</doc>
<doc id="31181009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181009" title="Ty Eriksen">
Ty Eriksen

Ty Eriksen (born 1984) is an American professional baseball player who plays in the German Bundesliga for the Haar Disciples and also played in the inaugural year of the Israel Baseball League in 2007.
Eriksen was born in Oregon. He played Division 3 baseball at Willamette University. In 2006, he began his international baseball career by hitting .590 in 11 games for the Disciples, and then in 2007 moved on to the Israel Baseball League, the first-ever pro baseball league in the Middle East, while playing first base for the Netanya Tigers in Israel. 
In 2008, he returned to the Disciples upon graduation, and currently is the hitting coach and plays CF/1B for the team in their rise up the European baseball rankings. Eriksen led the team into their first playoff appearance in 2010.
Eriksen is also an occasional contributor to Mister-Baseball, an English language news site covering baseball in Europe, and has assisted clubs and national teams around Europe in baseball operations and instructional camps.
Eriksen's great-grandfather also named Ty Eriksen founded the Oregon State Beavers Baseball Team.
References.
http://www.israelbaseballleague.com/teams/allteams/index.html?player_id=98
http://www.oregonartscommission.org/pdf/Goss_rfp.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="31181011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181011" title="Open Your Heart (M People song)">
Open Your Heart (M People song)

"Open Your Heart" is the eleventh overall single from British band M People. It is the second single from their third album Bizarre Fruit (1994). Written by Mike Pickering and Paul Heard. Produced by M People. It was released on 23 January 1995. The song peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
Hot on the heels of their single "Sight for Sore Eyes" and a Top 5 album "Bizarre Fruit"and a sold out UK Tour, M People released this single in a slight reshuffle, as "Search for the Hero" was meant to be the second single but the band were re-editing the Bizarre Fruit version to a more radio friendly edit so "Open Your Heart" was released instead. The band had been on holiday together over the New Year break in Grenada, while dance mixes of this single had been released early and on UK radio, Pete Tong had been rotating several mixes on BBC Radio 1.
Formats.
This single was the first M People single to be available on two CD formats. CD1 and the 12" maxi were released on 23 January 1995 and CD2 was released on 30 January 1995 and was only available in the UK and contained the very sought after E-Smoove remix of Sight for Sore Eyes.
Chart Performance.
The single entered the chart outside the Top 10 at number 11, but ever growing airplay and the release of the exclusive second CD meant that sales surged from 63,000 copies in its first week to 78,000 copies in its second. The single climbed from number 11 into the Top 10 at number 9 where it peaked, providing the band with their seventh consecutive top 10 hit in just two years since the release of How Can I Love You More. It spent in total four weeks in the top 10 and a total seven weeks on the Singles Chart.
The Bizarre Fruit album also underwent a resurgence in sales, re-entering the Album Chart Top 10 at number 8, so the band once again recorded simultaneous single and album Top 10s, being at numbers 9 and 8, respectively in the first week of February 1995 like the last two singles.
It also became M People's second single to top the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart in the US in May 1995.
Airplay.
Generally, radio support for the single grew relatively slowly, despite being serviced to radio in the first week of 1995, which is traditionally a very quiet time for single releases. Also predecessor Sight for Sore Eyes had remained in the airplay Top 20 two three months after entering. In the three weeks prior to airplay the single entered the chart at No. 195, scaling to number 35 and then moving to number 19. Only after physical release did the single enter the Airplay Top 10 and peak at number 5.
Sight for Sore Eyes re-entered the Airplay 20 at number 20 when Open Your Heart peaked, and so for the first and only time, M People had two singles in the UK Airplay Top 20.
The single stayed in the chart for 13 weeks but peaked lower than any of the other "Bizarre Fruit" singles; Sight for Sore Eyes: number 2, Search for the Hero: number 1, Love Rendezvous, number 4 and Itchycoo Park, number 3.
Remixes.
With four remixes in total across both CD singles, from the likes of Armand Van Helden, Fire Island, Luv Dup and Brothers in Rhythm, "Open Your Heart" had a set of club versions. It also contained an exclusive re-mix of previous single Sight for Sore Eyes done bone by Producers: E-Smoove.
For the first time, specifically for a remix, Heather went back into the recording studio for Brothers in Rhythm to re-sing both the verses and chorus in a different arrangement. The band had done all this during the promotion of "Sight for Sore Eyes" in the Autumn of 1994.
Artwork.
The artwork for the single is a heart shaped tin can that half opened against a caustic bronze background. Photographed by Jason Tozer, it continues the metal artwork theme as seen on the artwork of previous single Sight for Sore Eyes with the corrugated metal sheets and the barbed-wire pear on the artwork of the "Bizarre Fruit" album.
Live.
They also performed this song in a stripped down acoustic version on various occasions, most notable when they performed their M People special with Jools Holland in March 1998.
Music Video.
The video was filmed over two days: 25/26 November 1994, before the Bizarre Fruit tour kicked off and was the most expensive video done to that point. Produced by Matthew Amos, this more adventurous offering showed the band in an elevator moving between floors and watching clubbers come in and out of the sliding doors exiting onto another dancefloor. Band members Mike Pickering, Paul Heard, and Shovell are in amongst the crowd dancing while Heather stands still singing in a red Oriental-style dress on the other side of the viewing glass, as people dance around her and then leave or even disappear as quickly as they arrived. As the video continues, the camera is continuously panning from right to left encircling the body of the elevator moving from the front where you can see the people dancing to round to the back where you can see the mechanisms in the lift shaft.
Other promotion.
With two dance singles lifted off "Bizarre Fruit" and a European Tour beckoning, M People were nominated for the category Best British Dance Act at the 1995 Brit Awards for the second time. They won. They also performed with Best UK Male Artist winner Sting on his classic "If You Love Somebody Set Them Free". The band went on to promote the album in Switzerland, Denmark, Holland Italy, Norway and Greece as well as Sweden and Germany for three months.

</doc>
<doc id="31181020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181020" title="Cocaine (film)">
Cocaine (film)

Cocaine is a 1922 British crime film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Hilda Bayley, Flora Le Breton, Ward McAllister and Cyril Raymond. A melodrama – it depicts the distribution of cocaine by gangsters through a series of London nightclubs and the revenge sought by a man after the death of his daughter. 
Because of its depiction of drug use, it was the most controversial British film of the 1920s. It was feared by the authorities that it might encourage the spread of narcotics. However, as the film had a clear message about the dangers of using drugs, it was eventually passed by the censors in June 1922 and released in some cinemas under the alternative title While London Sleeps.
The Chinese gangster Min Fu was reportedly based on a real-life criminal Brilliant Chang.

</doc>
<doc id="31181031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181031" title="Félix Cottrau">
Félix Cottrau

Félix Cottrau, a French painter, was born in Paris in 1799, and died in the same city in 1852. He painted landscapes, portraits, and Scriptural and fancy subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="31181048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181048" title="PSG Institute of Medical Sciences &amp; Research">
PSG Institute of Medical Sciences &amp; Research

PSG Institute of Medical Sciences and Research was established in the year 1985 at Peelamedu, Coimbatore. It is the first teaching hospital in Tamil Nadu and the third teaching hospital in India to get NABH accreditation. PSG Hospitals, an 810 bedded, tertiary care hospital is affiliated to the PSG Institute of Medical Sciences and Research.
The PSG-FAIMER Regional Institute (PSG-FRI), based at the PSG Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Coimbatore, India, offers a two-year fellowship program for health professions faculty who have the potential to improve medical education at their schools. Approximately 16 fellowships are offered each year.

</doc>
<doc id="31181055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181055" title="Mark Davies (linguist)">
Mark Davies (linguist)

Mark Davies is a professor of linguistics at Brigham Young University (BYU). He specialises in the creation of corpora of words in order to better study and understand their meaning. He is the main creator of the Corpus of Contemporary American English.
Davies earned a bachelor's degree with a double major in linguistics and Spanish from BYU in 1986. He earned an MA in Spanish linguistics also from BYU in 1989. He earned his Ph.D. in Iberoromance philology and linguistics from the University of Texas at Austin in 1992.
From 1993-2003 Davies was a professor at Illinois State University. He has been on the BYU faculty since 2003. In 2008 he held the Barker Lectureship at BYU.
Publications.
Davies is the creator of the General Conference corpus, which allows a study of how the use of words in LDS General Conference has changed over time.

</doc>
<doc id="31181059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181059" title="Hilda Bayley">
Hilda Bayley

Hilda Christabel Bailey (29 June 1888 – 26 May 1971) was a British film actress. In 1922 she appeared in the controversial crime film "Cocaine".

</doc>
<doc id="31181086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181086" title="Massachusetts Executive Office of Public Safety and Security">
Massachusetts Executive Office of Public Safety and Security

The Commonwealth of Massachusetts Public Safety Department is a state organization whose focus is the protection of individuals, groups or environment issues which will, subsequently, affect individuals or groups health or well being. As an executive agency, the Department is managed by a Commissioner who is appointed by the Governor. The Department of Public Safety reports directly to the secretary of the Executive Office of Public Safety and Security The Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Public Safety is a regulatory, licensing and inspection agency, charged with the oversight of numerous activities, businesses, and professions. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Public Safety provides administrative and legal assistance to the following boards and commissions.
Boards and Divisions.
The Architectural Access Board: (AAB).
A regulatory agency within the Massachusetts Office of Public Safety. Its legislative mandate states that it shall develop and enforce regulations designed to make public buildings accessible to, functional for, and safe for use by persons with disabilities 
Amusements.
All amusement devices in Massachusetts must be licensed and are regulated and inspected by the Department of Public Safety Each amusement device, including inflatable devices, must be registered with the Department annually and inspected according to the regulations.
Board of Building Regulations and Standards.
The Department of Public Safety’s Board of Building Regulations and Standards (BBRS) requires an individual who supervises building construction for certain building types to be licensed as a Construction Supervisor. Candidates for the Construction Supervisor License (CSL) must first demonstrate at least 3 years of experience in building construction or design in order to be considered eligible for the exam. BBRS is authorized by law to adopt building code regulations, administer provisions of the code and operate various construction related programs.
Board of Elevator Regulations.
A division of the state public safety department, The Board of Elevator Regulations, has eight members who are appointed to serve by the Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The Board of Elevator Regulations regulates the construction, installation, alteration and operation of all elevators in Massachusetts. The term “elevator” includes moving stairways, dumbwaiters, moving walkways, material lifts, vertical reciprocating conveyors, and dumbwaiters with automatic transfer devices, wheelchair lifts, automatic people movers and other associated devices that are commonly included within the elevator industry. All elevator constructors, maintenance men, repairmen, and operators must be licensed by the Board.
Engineering.
The Engineering division is responsible for the inspection of boilers, pressure vessels, and other equipment or devices for conformance to safety laws, standards, rules and regulations. The inspectors of this division are also responsible for the safe operation of amusement rides, horse and carriage vehicles, and bungee jumping. In addition to ensuring compliance with safety laws, rules and regulations, it is the responsibility of the inspectors to examine people for the following licenses: Power plant engineers and firemen, oil burner technicians, refrigeration technicians, heavy equipment and hoisting operators, sprinkler fitters, pipe fitters, nuclear power plant operators.
Trenches.
In addition to the permit and local permitting authority requirements mandated by statute, the trench safety regulations require that all excavators, whether public or private, take specific precautions to protect the general public and prevent unauthorized access to unattended trenches. Accordingly, unattended trenches must be covered, barricaded or backfilled.
Licensing.
The Department of Public Safety issues licenses in the following areas: Amusement and Entertainment, Architectural Access Board, Change of Address Form, Concrete Field Testing Technician, Construction Supervisor License, Elevators, Engineers, Hoisting, Inspector of Pressure, Vessel License, Native Lumber Producers, Nuclear Plants, Oil Burners, Pipe Fitters, Public Warehouse, Refrigeration, S-License (Security), Sprinklers, Tramways, Inspection Applications, and Ticket Resellers.

</doc>
<doc id="31181114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181114" title="Telma (TV channel)">
Telma (TV channel)

Telma TV (Macedonian: Телма Телевизија) is a private channel in the Republic of Macedonia.
Programmes.
Telma TV was founded in September 1996. The current number of employees is approximately 150 (managing and editorial board, journalists, reporters, announcers, technical staff, marketing and administration) and there are also a large number of correspondents and external cooperators. One of the best things on this channel are the News broadcasting every day at 15:00, 18:30 and 21:40h (GMT +1). Also the Italian Serie A is traditional broadcasting on TV Telma. Telma is one of the most viewed TV channels in Republic of Macedonia

</doc>
