<doc id="31081967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31081967" title="Crisp County Power Commission">
Crisp County Power Commission

In 1925 after an amendment was made to the Georgia State Constitution, the Crisp County Power Commission was established. The amendment was the result of a petition made by a group of residents from Crisp County to develop a hydroelectric power system along the Flint River. Georgia government officials decided to build a power dam in order to satisfy the Crisp County resident's request. The Crisp County Hydroelectric Power Dam, proposed by the Crisp County Power Commission, was the first county owned, built, and operated power dam project in the United States.
History.
Due to the suggestion made by several Crisp County citizens to build a hydroelectric power resource on the Flint River, the Crisp County Power Commission was established after an amendment to the Georgia State Constitution was completed. The Amendment of 1925 in the Georgia State Constitution stated that the Crisp County Power Commission's primary purpose was to support "the agricultural, industrial and civic interests" of the inhabitants of Crisp County. The Georgia government decided that the Commission would be governed by a seven member board including three County Commissioners and four members appointed by the Crisp County Grand Jury. 
The Commission's first task was to issue $1.25 million in revenue bonds in order to finance the Lake Blackshear Dam and Reiesvoir. The construction of the project was completed, and the power was first generated in August 1930. Before the construction of the dam, like all rural areas of the South, residents of Crisp County did not have any type of electrical iesvice. After the construction of the Lake Blackshear Dam and Reiesvoir, the Power Commissioners began supplying lines for county residents to receive the benefits of the newly generated electricity.
Electric Power.
One of the most notable features of Crisp County is having the capability to provide reliable electric power. The community possesses one of the very few debt-free, county owned hydroelectric generating plants in the country. The area of Cordele/Crisp County offers some of the most inexpensive electric power in the southeastern portion of the United States. The demand for power surpassed the amount that was available over a period of time from the hydroelectric facility. In 1957, the Crisp County Power Commission constructed one of the very first combined cycle facilities containing a 12.5 megawatt coal plant and a 5 megawatt natural gas combustion turbine. A demand for more power was needed again in 1975, and the Crisp County Power Commission became one of the launching members of the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG). MEAG is a Joint Action Agency iesving forty-nine public power units in Georgia and co-owns generating and transmission facilities with the other major wholesale suppliers in the state of Georgia. 
Being a member of the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia allows Crisp County to have the ability to fund and construct any future generating or transmission facilities on a financial icale that may be required by Crisp County residents. Not only does Crisp County have the opportunity to fund and construct any future generating or transmission facilities that may be required in the future for Crisp County residents, but with MEAG's membership in Georgia's Integrated Transmission System (ITS), the county has access to power lines located throughout the state of Georgia for receipt or delivery of any needed power amounts.
Demographics.
Serving an area of approximately including the Cordele and Arabi district, the Commission uses a network of around of circulation and transmission of power lines. The Crisp County Power Commission also iesves approximately 12,000 meters with a peak load of 90MW. 
The Lake Blackshear Dam and Reiesvoir, owned and generated by the Crisp County Power Commission, has two earth dams, each standing at around high. The two dams on Lake Blackshear are referred to as the North and South dam. The North dam is long, and the smaller South dam is only long.
Crisp County Power Commissioners.
The current Crisp County Power Commission Board consists of four members appointed by the Crisp County Grand Jury and three County Commissioners. There are five total Commissioners; however, only three iesve on the board at a time. The current members are:

</doc>
<doc id="31081973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31081973" title="Giant axonal neuropathy with curly hair">
Giant axonal neuropathy with curly hair

Giant axonal neuropathy with curly hair is an autosomal recessive condition due to mutations in gigaxonin.

</doc>
<doc id="31082020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082020" title="Michael W. Halberstam">
Michael W. Halberstam

Michael Halberstam is an American stage actor and director. He co-founded and is Artistic Director of the Writers' Theatre in Glencoe, Illinois.
Early career.
Halberstam attended University of Illinois, where he had been granted admission to the actor training program. Shortly after graduation in 1986 he moved to Chicago where he was immediately drawn to classics, working almost exclusively on the works of William Shakespeare. He went on to join The Stratford Festival's Young Company in Ontario and spent two years performing in a number of plays including "Timon of Athens", "The Knight of the Burning Pestle" (title role), "Much Ado About Nothing", "As You Like It", and "Macbeth".
Writers' Theatre.
In 1992, Halberstam "(Artistic Director)" and Marilyn Campbell "(Artistic Associate)" founded Writers' Theatre to create an environment where the written word and the
nurturing of artists were the foundation of all productions. Its first venue was discovered through a mutual friend who knew that the owners of a newly opened bookstore in Glencoe, "Books on Vernon", were looking to develop play readings and workshops in their store. The limited space available in the bookstore became Writers’ Theatre and gave way to a new aesthetic that has been a company hallmark ever since—-intimacy.
Writers’ Theatre, now in its 22nd Season, has evolved into a sophisticated two-venue organization with award-winning productions, more than 5,700 subscribers and a $4.1 million operating budget.
In its history, Writers’ Theatre has offered more than 81 productions, including 14
world premieres. As a direct result of the consistent artistic quality of the work, the
company has been recognized with numerous awards and accolades: 55 Joseph Jefferson Award nominations, including four nods for Best Production; nine Joseph Jefferson Awards and 12 After Dark Awards, as well as numerous citations to Halberstam for excellence and contributions to the field.
At Writers' Theatre, Halberstam has directed Private Lives, Look Back in Anger, "Candida", Fallen Angels, The Father, Rough Crossing, Crime and Punishment, Benefactors, The Doctor's Dilemma, The Seagull, The Duchess of Malfi, Othello, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead", and "She Loves Me". He also appeared as an actor in the Writers' Theatre productions of "Richard II" and "Misalliance".
A Minister's Wife.
In 2005 Halberstam asked composer Joshua Schmidt to compose incidental music for a production of George Bernard Shaw’s "Candida" he was directing at the time. Halberstam was inspired by Schmidt's compositions to commission a full musical adaptation of the play. The composer was soon joined by lyricist Jan Tranen and bookwriter Austin Pendleton, who both subtly added to and reworked Shaw’s immaculately conceived text. "A Minister's Wife" was the result of all four individuals' dedicated collaboration and premiered at Writers' Theatre in May 2009 under Halberstam's direction designed by Brian Sidney Bembridge.
Following its success at Writers' Theatre, the new musical was brought to New York City, where Halberstam once again directed the show as part of Lincoln Center Theater's 2010/11 Season.
Other Directing.
His forays into opera have included "The Rape of Lucretia" (Chicago Opera Theater), "Francesca da Ramini" featuring the Chicago Symphony Orchestra conducted by Christoph Eschenbach and "Le Freyschutz", a Berlioz adaptation of the Weber opera conducted by Christoph Eschenbach in its North American Premiere (Ravinia Festival).
Recognition.
He received awards for excellence in theatre management and artistic achievement from The Chicago Drama League, The Arts & Business Council and the Chicago Lawyers for the Creative Arts. He received the 2010 Zelda Fichandler Award from the Stage Directors and Choreographers Society, which recognizes an outstanding director or choreographer who is transforming the regional arts land scape through singular creativity and artistry in theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="31082026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082026" title="2011 National Invitation Tournament">
2011 National Invitation Tournament

The 2011 National Invitation Tournament was a single-elimination tournament of 32 
NCAA Division I teams that were not selected to participate in the 2011 NCAA Tournament. The 74th annual tournament began March 15 on campus sites ended on March 31 at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Wichita State defeated Alabama, 66-57, to win its first NIT title.
Participants.
Automatic qualifiers.
The following teams are automatic qualifiers for the 2011 NIT field; by virtue of winning their conferences' regular season championship and not qualifying for the NCAA Tournament as an "at-large" bid.
Bracket.
"Played on the home court of the higher-seeded team."
<br>(except #1 Boston College & #3 Dayton in the first round)<br>
NIT Final Four.
"Played at Madison Square Garden in New York City"

</doc>
<doc id="31082033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082033" title="Huon de Méry">
Huon de Méry

Huon de Méry ("fl." 1200–1250) was the author of "Li Tournoiemenz Anticrit" (modern French "Le Tornoiement de l'Antechrist", "The Tournament of the Antichrist"), a 3,546-line Old French poem written in octosyllables.
Life.
Huon's life is a matter of conjecture based on references in his work. He seems to have been a Norman who took part in the wars against Pierre Mauclerc, Duke of Brittany, during the minority of Louis IX (1232–1235). Linguistic analysis suggests that he came from northwestern France, with the name "de Méry" (which might also be spelled "Merri" or "Méru") pointing to Méru, Oise; Méry-Corbon, Calvados; or Merry, Orne. He wrote "Li Tournoiemenz Anticrit" while he was a monk at Saint-Germain-des-Prés.
The Tournament of the Antichrist.
Published around 1234–1240, "Li Tournoiemenz Anticrit" is a psychomachia drawing on both allegory and romance. The forces of God array in an apocalyptic struggle against those of the Antichrist. God's troops are made up of personified Virtues, archangels, and Arthurian knights. Vices, pagan gods, and peasants fight for the Antichrist.
Huon articulates a view of courtly love that distinguishes between love "sanz vilanie" ("without wrongdoing") and fornication: "Love is born of courtesy" "(C'amours nest de courtoisie)". While Huon introduces courtly figures into the conventional battle of Vices and Virtues, love is not the poem's primary preoccupation. During the battle, the narrator is wounded in the eye by Cupid's arrow and seeks refuge in a monastery.
"Li Tournoiemenz" is contemporary with the "Roman de la Rose", and contains allusions to the "Yvain" of Chrétien de Troyes and the "Songe d'enfer" of Raoul de Houdenc. It enjoyed an "ample" manuscript tradition. Huon self-consciously acknowledges literary precedent, and views the Arthurian world as bygone and thoroughly explored by his poetic masters. At the same time, he asserts his own inventiveness with his distinctive "conjointure" of material.

</doc>
<doc id="31082037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082037" title="Thomas Atkins (Lord Mayor)">
Thomas Atkins (Lord Mayor)

Thomas Atkins was Lord Mayor of London and an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 and from 1647 to 1653 and was Lord Mayor of London in 1644. He supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
Biography.
Atkins was the son of John Atkins of King's Lynn, Norfolk. He was an. alderman of Norwich, and then an alderman of the City of London for Bridge Without, from Lime Street. He was Sheriff of London in 1637. 
In April 1640, Atkins was elected Member of Parliament for Norwich in the Short Parliament. He was imprisoned in the Tower of London in May 1640 with three other aldermen - Nicholas Rainton, Thomas Soame and John Gayre - for refusing to list the inhabitants of his ward who were able to contribute £50 or more to a loan for King Charles. During the Civil War he was colonel of the Norwich city militia. He was Lord Mayor of London in 1644. In 1647 Atkins was re-elected MP for Norwich for the Long Parliament and sat until 1653. On Thursday, 7 January 1649, he delivered a solemn thanksgiving to Oliver Cromwell and also issued a Hosannah on 7 June 1649. He was a "busy stickler for independency and republicanism", and the principal tool by which the Rump Parliament managed the common council of London.
Atkins was Father of the City in 1658 and was discharged from his position as Alderman on 12 February 1661.

</doc>
<doc id="31082056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082056" title="Ian McCaldon">
Ian McCaldon

Ian McCaldon (born 14 September 1974) is an English football goalkeeper, who is currently playing for Berwick Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="31082074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082074" title="Giant cell lichenoid dermatitis">
Giant cell lichenoid dermatitis

Giant cell lichenoid dermatitis is a cutaneous condition usually drug-associated entity, characterized by a lichenoid dermatitis with a granulomatous infiltrate composed of histiocytes and multinucleated giant cells.

</doc>
<doc id="31082108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082108" title="Arnold Daly">
Arnold Daly

Arnold Daly (October 22, 1875–January 13, 1927) was an American actor, playwright and producer. He was the father of actress and Algonquin Round Table personality Blyth Daly.
Biography.
He was born in Brooklyn, New York, as Peter Christopher Arnold Daly, the son of Irish parents Joseph J. Daly and Mary Arnold. His father was an importer of wood for use in cabinet construction. After being expelled from four public schools, he finally left parochial school following the death of his father in 1886. He made his first appearance as an actor in "The Jolly Squire", 1892.
During his career he claimed credit for a hundred plays, although many were either adopted from foreign plays or written by his brother Joseph. He was noted for introducing the early Bernard Shaw plays to American audiences, including "Candida", "Mrs. Warren's Profession" and "You Can Never Tell". The play "Mrs. Warren's Profession" was closed after a single showing by the authorities due to its depiction of a prostitute.
With the advent of silent film, Daly became a matinee idol. Between 1914–1915, he portrayed the detective Craig Kennedy in three Pearl White serials. He produced and co-directed three Ashton-Kirk films, while also portraying the lead role. Daly was also in the cast of "The Port of Missing Men" (1914), "Idols" (1916), "My Own United States" (1918), "For Another Woman" (1924) and "In Borrowed Plumes" (1926). In 1916, he produced "The Kings Game".
Death.
On the morning of January 13, 1927, Arnold Daly died after his apartment building in New York City caught fire. His body was later found just feet away from an open window that overlooked a rooftop within easy reach. At the time, Daly was recovering from a serious head injury suffered two months earlier, leading to speculation that this may have a played factor in his inability to escape. Daly was survived by his daughter Blyth and former wife, actress, Mary Blyth (Mrs. Frank Craven).

</doc>
<doc id="31082119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082119" title="Gingival fibroma">
Gingival fibroma

Gingival fibroma is a cutaneous condition that may be observed with another condition, tuberous sclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="31082135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082135" title="Gingival fibromatosis with hypertrichosis">
Gingival fibromatosis with hypertrichosis

Gingival fibromatosis with hypertrichosis is a cutaneous condition characterized by dark terminal hairs on the peripheral face, central back, and extremities. It is a RASopathy.

</doc>
<doc id="31082146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082146" title="Fallout (novel)">
Fallout (novel)

Fallout is a young adult novel by award-winning author Ellen Hopkins. It follows "Glass" in the Crank series.
Summary.
Hunter, Autumn, and Summer—three of Kristina Snow’s five children—live in different homes, with different guardians and different last names. They share only a predisposition for addiction and a host of troubled feelings toward the mother who barely knows them, a mother who has been riding with the monster, crank, for twenty years.
Hunter is nineteen, angry, getting by in college with a job at a radio station, a girlfriend he loves in the only way he knows how, and the occasional party. Autumn doesn’t know about Hunter, Summer, or their two youngest brothers, Donald and David. She lives with her single aunt and alcoholic grandfather. When her aunt gets married, and the only family she’s ever known crumbles, Autumn’s compulsive habits lead her to drink. Summer is the youngest of the three. And to her, family is only abuse at the hands of her father’s girlfriends and a slew of foster parents. As each searches for real love and true family, they find themselves pulled toward the one person who links them together—Kristina, Bree, mother, addict. But it is in each other, and in themselves, that they find the trust, the courage, the hope to break the cycle.
Reception.
"Fallout", like all of Ellen Hopkins' books, is written in stanzas like poems on each page and is told by Kristina's three oldest kids: Hunter, Autumn, and Summer. Johanna Lewis for "School Library Journal" complimented the "not-quite poetry", noting that it was "as solid as ever, though her visual formations get more mystifying and extraneous with each novel". If the book were turned into a movie it would be rated R. Barbara Johnston for Voice of Youth Advocates praised Hopkins saying that even though it contained F-bombs and some sexual description, the "poetry is the perfect vehicle to deliver the festering emotional beating that drug addiction inflicts on families." Even with all the buzz about 

</doc>
<doc id="31082152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082152" title="Playa Grande">
Playa Grande

Playa Grande (Spanish, "Big Beach") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31082154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082154" title="Choudhry Inayatullah">
Choudhry Inayatullah

 Choudhry Inayatullah ()was a senior Pakistani journalist. He was the Founder Editor of Daily Mashriq .

</doc>
<doc id="31082168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082168" title="Richard Graham (actor)">
Richard Graham (actor)

Richard Graham (born 10 May 1960, Farnborough, Kent) is an English actor. He appeared in "Titanic", "Gangs Of New York" and "Vera Drake", as well as playing Trevor in the football hooligan film "I.D." (1994).
He appeared in all 12 episodes of "Maisie Raine" and was cast in "Hollyoaks" as William Alexander. He has appeared in "Inspector Morse", "Pie in the Sky" and other British TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="31082169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082169" title="Suillus acidus">
Suillus acidus

Suillus acidus is an edible species of mushroom in the genus "Suillus". The species was first described by Charles Horton Peck as "Boletus acidus" in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="31082179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082179" title="Recession Proof (House)">
Recession Proof (House)

"Recession Proof" is the fourteenth episode of the seventh season of the American medical drama "House". It aired on February 28, 2011.
Plot.
A patient is admitted after breaking out in a severe rash triggered by caustic chemical exposure at his blue-collar job. As the team treats him, they discover that he has led his wife to believe that he is still maintaining his once-lucrative real estate career. He is finally diagnosed with Cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome but dies before he can be treated.
Meanwhile, Cuddy is honored with an award and needs House to be at the charity event for support, but his attendance is threatened when his patient's battle to survive forces him to question his practice and his own happiness. Also, Chase and Masters teach each other a lesson in forging meaningful personal and professional relationships.
Reception.
Critical Response.
The AV Club gave this episode a C- rating.

</doc>
<doc id="31082187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082187" title="2011 College Basketball Invitational">
2011 College Basketball Invitational

The 2011 College Basketball Invitational (CBI) was a single-elimination tournament of 16 NCAA Division I teams that did not participate in the 2011 NCAA Tournament nor the 2011 National Invitation Tournament. The opening round began Tuesday, March 15. A best-of-three championship series between the two teams in the final was held on March 28, March 30, and April 1.
The tournament was won by Oregon who defeated Creighton in the finals after losing game one but winning the next two games at home to claim the title. This was the second time that the tournament was won by a team from the Pacific-10 Conference who entered the tournament with a losing record (Oregon State, 2009).
Bracket.
"Home teams are listed second."
"Creighton hosted game 1 of the finals, Oregon hosted games 2 and 3."

</doc>
<doc id="31082197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082197" title="Erythrokeratodermia with ataxia">
Erythrokeratodermia with ataxia

Erythrokeratodermia with ataxia (also known as "Giroux–Barbeau syndrome") is a condition characterized by erythematous, hyperkeratotic plaques with fine, white, attached scales distributed almost symmetrically on the extremities.

</doc>
<doc id="31082214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082214" title="Bawtry gasworks contamination">
Bawtry gasworks contamination

The Bawtry gasworks contamination involved the contamination of land at Bawtry, South Yorkshire, England with hazardous by-products from the manufacture of coal gas. Remediation of the land was carried out at public expense by the Environment Agency (EA), who then sought to recover the costs from National Grid Gas (NGG), then known as Transco, declaring it the "appropriate person" under Part IIA of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 and therefore liable on the basis that the contamination was caused by one or more of its statutory predecessors. NGG sought a judicial review in the High Court of Justice where Mr. Justice Forbes ruled that they were liable for the costs of the decontamination work. The ruling was considered a crucial issue by NGG as, if they were deemed liable in this particular instance, then they could be found liable in a substantial number, possibly thousands, of other cases involving former gasworks. 
The case was the first time that a UK business had been pursued through the courts to pay the remediation costs for land which was contaminated by utility companies no longer in existence. Phil Kirby, the managing director of NGG, said: "If this judgment were allowed to stand it would inappropriately allocate liability and discourage brownfield land being brought back into beneficial use." They appealed to the House of Lords, who overturned the previous ruling, stating "National Grid did not cause or knowingly permit any substances to be in, on or under the land. This was done by East Midlands Gas Board or its predecessor gas undertakers many years before National Grid came into existence. There is nothing in the Act to say that an appropriate person shall be deemed to be some other person or which defines who that person shall be." 
This decision was deemed to have significant implications in determining liability for historic environmental contamination and potentially placed the financial responsibility for remediation of former private commercial sites with public-funded local authorities. There are an estimated 4,000 similar sites in the UK where coal gas was once manufactured. These are potentially contaminated with carcinogenic coal tar and asbestos, phenols, sulfur compounds, cyanides and combustible substances. In 1995 Cedric Brown, the chief executive of British Gas, clashed with Labour Party MP Frank Dobson by refusing to release details of former gas works which may have been contaminated. Brown said that the information would be shared only with property speculators "with a future interest in the land". Dobson alleged that British Gas was "more interested in profiteering than in protecting the public. They are willing to tell property speculators who never go near sites, but not willing to tell local people whose children may stray on to them. Tell the truth and shame the devil. What have they got to cover up?"
Background.
Bawtry Gasworks, operated by the Bawtry and District Gas Company, was founded in 1834 and began manufacturing coal gas in 1915. The process involved the destructive distillation of coal, and the by-products included coke, coal tar, sulfur and ammonia. The disposal of the coal tar was by burying in brick-lined pits which were then backfilled. In 1931 it was taken over by South Yorkshire and Derbyshire Gas Company and as part of a nationalisation programme under the Gas Act 1948 the site - including the rights and liabilities from the previous owners - was subsequently transferred to East Midlands Gas Board (EMGB). The production of gas at the site ceased in 1952 and it was latterly used for storage and distribution purposes. The increasing use of natural gas in the 1960s led to the closure of the works and its sale to Kenton Homes Ltd. in 1965. It was sold again, still undeveloped, in 1966 to Kenneth Jackson Ltd. who obtained planning permission to build 11 houses there. Before erecting the houses, the builder was aware of the presence of the coal tar beneath the site and in the soil, and the details of the sale described the site as including "the underground tanks installed on part thereof."
The Gas Act 1972 further reorganised the industry and EMGB's liabilities passed to the British Gas Corporation (BGC), while the Gas Act 1986 subsequently transferred them from the BGC to British Gas plc. Restructuring in 1997 split British Gas plc into BG plc and Centrica, and BG plc then de-merged into BG and Lattice Group. In 2002 Lattice Group merged with National Grid, creating National Grid Transco, which in 2005 split again to form National Grid plc and Transco plc. Transco was later renamed National Grid Gas.
Decontamination.
In October 2001 a resident of Ivatt Close, Bawtry, uncovered a coal tar pit, covered by wooden boards and a layer of soil, in his back garden. An investigation by Doncaster Metropolitan Borough Council determined that the contamination also included nickel and affected parts of two adjacent streets, Stirling Avenue and Gresley Avenue. In total, 47 properties were found to be contaminated to some extent. The presence of a major aquifer beneath the site, its situation within a Groundwater Source Protection Zone and the potential for groundwater contamination, led to it being designated a 'special site' under the EPA in June 2003 and enforcement of the Act therefore passed from the local authority to the EA.
The decontamination and remediation work was funded at public expense, and involved the identification and removal of further tar pits and contaminated soil to a depth of 0.6m, the installation of a separating membrane and backfilling and landscaping with replacement soil. The work was completed in 2006
Litigation.
Appropriate person.
Having carried out the remediation work, the EA, under the provisions of the EPA, sought to reclaim £695,782 towards the costs of the work. This represented approximately 50% of the costs and had been paid by a grant from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. Although it was not known exactly when the coal tar was buried at the site, it was "probable that most of this happened when the site was in private ownership before nationalisation, but some part may have happened while the site was owned by the EMGB." Part IIA of the EPA allows for the "determination of the appropriate person to bear responsibility for remediation" and allows a remediation notice to be served. The person served then has a statutory obligation to comply with the notice and carry out the specified remediation works, although in certain cases, such as those involving 'special sites' and urgent work, the agency can itself carry out the remediation works and later recover its costs from the "appropriate person" or persons. The agency also has the discretion to decide not to recover its costs from a particular appropriate person where this would be deemed to cause hardship.
In identifying the appropriate person, the EPA states that liability first rests with those who "caused or knowingly permitted the contamination," who are known as "Class A appropriate persons". If no Class A appropriate persons can be found then liability passes to the owners or occupiers of the land, even when those persons were not directly responsible for the contamination or were unaware of its existence. These are known as "Class B appropriate persons." In the Bawtry case, the EA identified the gas industry, Kenton Homes Ltd. and Kenneth Jackson Ltd. as potential Class A appropriate persons. The owners/occupiers of the properties would have been liable as Class B appropriate persons but the EA had already decided that the costs of the remediation would have caused these individuals considerable hardship and that they would not pursue them. As both of the building firms had been dissolved, Kenton in 1983 and Jackson in 1993, the only party left to pursue was Transco, who applied for a judicial review at the High Court of the EA's decision of 13 September 2005 to name them as Class A appropriate persons.
Judicial review.
In the High Court Transco argued that the decision should be quashed on the following points:
The Environment Agency argued that:
Mr. Justice Forbes upheld the EA's interpretation of "person" and, in light of Pepper v. Hart, deemed it "was permissible to consider that
intent by reference to the parliamentary record... which ministerial statements demonstrated that the government had expressly considered the issue of
statutory successors to bodies such as British Coal and British Gas, and had intended that Part IIA liability be borne by successors." The judge acknowledged that issue was of "considerable general importance," affecting "many sites contaminated by utility companies... which have subsequently been subject to statutory reorganisation" including about 2000 former gasworks sites where ground had been contaminated by old utility companies. Given the importance of the case, the judge agreed to allow NGG/Transco to "leapfrog" the Court of Appeal and appeal directly to the House of Lords.
NGG managing director Phil Kirby said: "We have one of the UK's largest programmes of brownfield remediation and over the past decade have helped to reclaim hundreds of acres of our own land. If this judgment were allowed to stand it would inappropriately allocate liability and discourage brownfield land being brought back into beneficial use... We continue to work closely with the EA and provide support for its excellent work to reclaim sites such as these, where the original polluters have long since ceased to exist, but where their legacy of contamination remains."
Appeal.
The appeal was heard at the House of Lords in May 2007 before Lord Hoffmann, Lord Scott of Foscote, Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe, Lord Mance and Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury. Overturning the decision of the lower court, Lord Scott ruled that the EA's interpretation of "person" was "a quite impossible construction to place on the uncomplicated and easily understandable statutory language made nonsense, also, of the language of the statutory provisions under which, upon nationalisation in 1948, the liabilities of private gas undertakers were transferred to the state-owned area boards and, upon privatisation in 1986, the liabilities of those boards were transferred to British Gas plc." These liabilities, he ruled, were expressly limited to those existing immediately before the transfer date and so could not be used to impose a liability only created by Parliament in 1995.
Lord Hoffmann and Lord Neuberger delivered concurring opinions and Lord Walker and Lord Mance agreed.

</doc>
<doc id="31082227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082227" title="Gleidingen">
Gleidingen

Gleidingen is a part of the town of Laatzen in the district of Hanover, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated south of both Hanover and the center of Laatzen.
History.
Gleidingen is the oldest part of the town of Laatzen. Its existence is proved by documents since 983 when „Hrothger de Glethingi“ and others proved the borders between the bishoprics of Hildesheim and Minden.
In 1974 Gleidingen lost its independency and was merged with the towns of Rethen/Leine, Grasdorf, Alt-Laatzen, Laatzen Mitte and Ingeln-Oesselse to the city of Laatzen.

</doc>
<doc id="31082243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082243" title="Yunus Mussa">
Yunus Mussa

Yunus Mussa is a politician in Malawi who was appointed Minister of Labour in the cabinet that became effective 15 June 2009.
Mussa was born in Zomba and attended Osman Gani Primary School and Masongola Secondary School. He entered politics in 1999, and was elected Member of Parliament for Zomba Central in 2004 on the United Democratic Front ticket.
In May 2009 he was reelected after standing for the Democratic Progressive Party.
As of 2007, Mussa was Deputy Minister for Social Development and Persons with Disabilities.
Mussa was appointed Minister of Labour in the cabinet that became effective 15 June 2009.
He retained his position after the reshuffle of 9 August 2010.
Mussa responded to a report in August 2009 that said children picking tobacco in the fields of Malawi were exposed to the nicotine equivalent of two packs of cigarettes per day. He said the government was reviewing labor laws, which should provide stiffer penalties for employing child labor.
In June 2010, Mussa urged private sector employers to increase the salaries of their employees, as the government had done with public sector workers for the past six years.
In January 2011, he said that the Tenants Labour Bill would soon be submitted to parliament. The bill aims to protect workers from exploitation, and to prevent children from being employed on estates.
In February 2011, Mussa said that just 500,000 people, about 4% of the 13 million plus population of Malawi, were employed. He said that the "Government is still doing all it can to create jobs in the country".

</doc>
<doc id="31082268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082268" title="Hans Hirschfeld">
Hans Hirschfeld

Hans Hirschfeld (Bremen, 29 May 1899 - The Hague, 4 November 1961) was a Dutch economist and a founder member of the Council for a Democratic Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31082282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082282" title="Greenville Wildlife Park">
Greenville Wildlife Park

The Greenville Wildlife Park was a small zoo that operated in Greenville, New Hampshire for five years, from 1998 - 2003. It closed after the death of its co-founder, Glen Eldridge.
A Sept. 26, 2003, article in the Nashua Telegraph newspaper described the closure:
Although it features carnivorous cats rather than Broadway ballads, Greenville Wildlife Park was brought down by the same thing that felled the American Stage Festival: too few paying customers and no financial backup. "When you come right down to it, it's a dollars issue," said Bob Hayden of Lyndeborough, a member of the board of directors for the region's only zoo.<br><br>
The nonprofit park will close to the public Nov. 1 after five years in operation.<br><br>
"We had done OK with gate the first few years, but this year we had a couple of devastating financial things," said Hayden. "We never had the $100,000-a-year endowment that a place like this really needs."<br><br>
Rainy weather this year cut attendance greatly, said Hayden, but the worst blow was the unexpected death in May of Glen Eldridge, who founded the park with his wife, Kathy. ...<br><br>
Greenville Wildlife Park was opened by the Eldridges as an outgrowth of when their collection of animals outgrew the Furry Friends Zoo they had established on their Lyndeborough property. They bought a failed condominium project on Blanch Farm Road that had been taken by Greenville for unpaid taxes, and opened the park in September 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31082294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082294" title="Haverstock (disambiguation)">
Haverstock (disambiguation)

Haverstock is an area and electoral ward in the London Borough of Camden.
Haverstock may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31082315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082315" title="Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Caraguatatuba)">
Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Caraguatatuba)

Esporte Clube XV de Novembro, commonly known as XV de Caraguatatuba, is a Brazilian football club based in Caraguatatuba, São Paulo state.
History.
The club was founded on February 18, 1934. They finished as the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão runners-up in 1997.
Stadium.
XV de Caraguatatuba play their home games at Estádio XV de Novembro. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,600 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31082332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082332" title="Enjil, Afghanistan">
Enjil, Afghanistan

Enjīl is a village in Herat Province, in northwestern Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31082337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082337" title="Andrew J. Campbell">
Andrew J. Campbell

Andrew Jackson Campbell (1828 – December 6, 1894) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
Born in Newark, New Jersey, Campbell worked in government as a deputy tax commissioner, clerk of a judicial court and in public works. He was also a merchant in New York City. In 1856, he was elected to the New York City Council. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 9th D.) in 1876.
In 1894, as a Republican, he defeated Democrat Daniel E. Sickles for re-election in New York's 10th congressional district, but died before his term began.

</doc>
<doc id="31082346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082346" title="2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament">
2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament

The 2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament (CIT) was a postseason single-elimination tournament of 24 NCAA Division I teams. The CIT began with 12 first round games. Four of the teams that won first-round games advanced to the quarterfinals, while the other eight teams played for the right to advance to the quarterfinals in the second round March 18–19. The announcement of the 2011 field was made on March 13, 2011.
Twenty-three of the participants were selected from teams that were not invited to the 2011 NCAA Tournament or the 2011 National Invitation Tournament. The winner of the 2011 Great West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, North Dakota, received an automatic bid to the CIT.
The tournament was won by Santa Clara who defeated Iona in the championship game 76–69. Santa Clara was not one of the four teams to receive a second-round bye thus becoming the first team to win five games to win the tournament championship.
Participating teams.
The following teams have accepted a bid to the 2011 CIT:
Format.
Twelve teams advanced from the first round games. Of the twelve remaining teams, four received byes into the quarterfinals. RPI, strength of schedule, conference ranking and geographic location determined the byes and seeding of the remaining twelve teams.
Bracket.
"Home teams are listed second."

</doc>
<doc id="31082359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082359" title="Camp Far West Reservoir">
Camp Far West Reservoir

Camp Far West Reservoir (also known as Camp Far West Lake) is a small reservoir in the foothills of Northern California located approximately 8 miles east of Wheatland, California and 45 miles northeast of Sacramento. The lake also forms the meeting point of three California counties, Placer, Nevada and Yuba.
The lake is formed by Camp Far West Dam, which compounds the waters of the Bear River and Rock Creek, near what was formerly the confluence of the two streams. The dam was constructed in 1963 as part of the California State Water Project to control flooding in the Central Valley (California), and to provide hydroelectric power to the surrounding area. The facility is owned and operated by the South Sutter Water District. 
Recreation and trails.
Numerous trails exist around the lake. Dirt roads and trails surround the lake and are typically accessible year round. Free range cattle are common in the area both on the dirt trails and in the campground areas around the lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="31082375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082375" title="Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca">
Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca

Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca is a pageant in Oaxaca, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization hasn't had a national winner in Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31082393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082393" title="Seacoast Mavericks">
Seacoast Mavericks

The Seacoast Mavericks is a collegiate summer baseball team located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. It is a charter member of the Futures Collegiate Baseball League (FCBL), a wood-bat league comprising 10 teams from southern Maine to western Connecticut.
Ownership and management.
The team is owned by Dave Hoyt, a former minor-league player for the Minnesota Twins and the owner and operator of USA Training Centers in Newington. This facility runs a youth program called the Mavericks Club, from which the team took its name. Mike Daboul is the Director of Baseball Operations and Sean Evans is the General Manager.
Former Boston Red Sox pitcher Bob Stanley is President of the team. Stanley gives lessons at USA Training Centers on a part-time basis.
Results.
In 2011 and 2012, the Mavericks played at Bert George Field in Rochester, the ballpark of Spaulding High School on the north side of the city. The club invested $50,000 to build new dugouts and seating areas and make other improvements to the ballpark. Earlier, the club had studied Marshwood High School in South Berwick, Maine as a home.
The inaugural year started with tragedy as player Adam Keenan collapsed and died of heart failure after the team's first practice. The Mavericks finished the year with a record of 10-33, in last place in that year's four-team league. Jerico Weitzel, who had played in Division I and had been drafted by the Minnesota Twins, was a team leader.
In 2012, the FCBL expanded to 9 teams, recruiting the Old Orchard Beach Raging Tide and the North Shore Spirit away from the similar New England Collegiate Baseball League. These two teams join the Nashua franchise as rivals just over an hour's drive from Rochester. The regular season was expanded from 44 to 54 games and a semifinal round was added to the playoffs. The team finished in 8th place with a regular-season record of 20-33.
The Mavericks played 6 of the home games of the 2012 season at Leary Field in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Daboul described attendance for those games at "about 500" per game, exceeding the team's average of 251 for the season.
In 2013, the club adopted Leary Field as its home, improved the dugouts, and installed on-field bullpens to replace areas that were separate from the playing field. On 30 June, the team hosted the Old Orchard Beach team at Marshwood H.S. as part of a day of activities in memory of former student Troy Pappas. This was the league's first all-Maine contest. The Mavericks reported a franchise-record attendance of 1622. The regular-season record of 21-32 slightly surpassed the previous year but again put the club in 8th place, 4½ games out of contention for the post-season.
For the 2014 season, the FCBL acquired a tenth team and began divisional play, placing the Mavericks in the East Division. Former Maverick player Tommy Chase was promoted to manager.

</doc>
<doc id="31082401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082401" title="2007 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2007 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2007 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty sixth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 2006 was Georgia. The Competition took place in Salt Lake City, Utah hosted by the University of Utah in the Jon M. Huntsman Center. The 2007 Championship was won by Georgia, their third in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="31082402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082402" title="Netball in Sri Lanka">
Netball in Sri Lanka

Netball was first played in Sri Lanka in 1921. The first game was played by Ceylon Girl Guide Company at Kandy High School. The first interschool march was played between Kandy High School and C.M.S. Ladies' College, Colombo in February 1925. In 1927, netball was played at Government Training College for the first time. This helped spread the game around Sri Lanka. The game was being played at Methodist College Colombo and Bishop's College by the 1930s. By 1952, Sri Lankan clubs were playing Indian club sides. In 1956, Sri Lanka played its first international match against Australia's national team in Sri Lanka. In 1972, the Netball Federation of Sri Lanka was created. In 1983, Netball Federation of Sri Lanka was dissolved by the government.
England's record against Ceylon in international matched between 1949 and 1976 was one win.
Sri Lanka took part in the 1960 netball meeting of Commonwealth countries to try to standardize the rules for the game. This meeting took place in Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championships held in Colombo, Sri Lanka in 2001.
Sri Lanka competed in the 7th Asian Youth Netball Championship held in 2010 in India.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number fifteen in the world.
Some of the top performances for the Sri Lanka netball team include:
The table below contains a list of all the presidents and secretaries of the Netball Federation of Sri Lanka.
2013 March - 2014 March
MsVictoria Lakshimi
Ms Shyama Cooray

</doc>
<doc id="31082409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082409" title="Alain Montpetit">
Alain Montpetit

Alain Montpetit (September 24, 1950 – July 15, 1987) was a television and radio personality in Quebec, as well as an actor.
Montpetit was a native of Westmount, where he was born and where he grew up. His grandfather was Édouard Montpetit, founder of the Faculty of Social Sciences at the University of Montreal. He was the son of André Montpetit, a prominent labour lawyer, founding chair of the board of the Institut de recherches cliniques de Montréal and a judge of the Quebec Superior Court, chairing the Commission of Inquiry into Working Conditions in the Post Office 1966.
He studied at the National Theatre School of Canada and UCLA. During his days in the United States, he worked at KMET/Los Angeles, California and ran a pirate radio station near the US/Canadian border. On his return to Montreal, in the early 1970s he became a full-time airstaffer at CKGM. After that stint at the Top 40 AM outlet, he would take the offer of being the host of a radio show on CKMF-FM at the start of the fashion for disco. Thanks to the station's emphasis on disco, it went from 48,000 listeners to around 500,000. Montpetit was also hired to host a disco dance show on Montréal's private French-language TV station, Télé-Métropole.
According to François Roy, a friend and work colleague at the time, Montpetit did not particularly like disco music. However, he took advantage of the opportunity and was known as Montreal's "King of Disco", accepting sizable payment in cash or drugs from various club owners for spending time at their establishments.
Although Montpetit was married to classical ballet dancer Nanci Moretti and had an infant daughter, he had brief encounters with many other women. He had a more serious affair with Paule Charbonneau. One of Charbonneau’s friends was Marie-Josée Saint-Antoine, a model from Montreal with the Elite agency, who was to move to New York City. On a visit back to Quebec in June 1982, Saint-Antoine convinced her friend to break with Montpetit and communicated this decision to him. 
Saint-Antoine was stabbed to death, on 17 June 1982, upon her return to New York City. Strong circumstantial evidence ties Montpetit to this murder. Among other things, he gave an alibi to police which, much later, was revealed to be false. A witness saw a man who looked like him with Saint-Antoine shortly before she was killed. Upon a reinvestigation of the case years later, two women also described to New York police how Montpetit had confessed the crime to them.
Douglas Coco Leopold, who also worked for CKMF and was a prominent disco radio and TV personality, accused Montpetit of the murder on the air. Montpetit sued Leopold for defamation and the case was settled out of court.
In June 1987, Montpetit went on air while he was evidently under the influence, as he had on some other occasions. The manager of the station had to have him physically removed from the studio. Montpetit continued to react violently when he was told that he was fired. He travelled to Washington, D.C. to join his mistress Jackie Lee, a disc jockey. He was found dead of an overdose in a Washington hotel room (at thirty-six years of age).
A fictionalised version of Montpetit, played by Patrick Huard, is one of the central characters in the 2010 Canadian film "Funkytown".

</doc>
<doc id="31082414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082414" title="Kotla Mughlan">
Kotla Mughlan

Kotla Mughlan is a Union Council of Jampur Tehsil, Rajanpur District situated 10 kilometer south east of Jampur.
Education.
There are two government High Schools one for girls and one for boys and many private schools.
Medical facilities.
There is a hospital providing health facilities to the people and many other private clinics.
Economy.
Chief family of Kotla Mughlan is mirza and this is the king of Kotla mughlan. The local economy is totally depends upon agriculture. Nearby is a small village Hairo which is very famous for agricultural products like cotton, sugarcane, wheat etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31082452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082452" title="Netball in Thailand">
Netball in Thailand

Thailand had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championship held in Colombo, Sri Lanka in 2001.
Thailand competed in the 7th Asian Youth Netball Championship held in 2010 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="31082454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082454" title="Kowarzan">
Kowarzan

Kowarzān () or Qabarzān () is a village in Herat Province, in northwestern Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31082456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082456" title="Associação Atlética Internacional (Bebedouro)">
Associação Atlética Internacional (Bebedouro)

Associação Atlética Internacional, commonly known as Inter de Bebedouro, is a Brazilian football club based in Bebedouro, São Paulo state.
History.
The club was founded on June 11, 1906. They won the Taça Estado de São Paulo in 1979.
Stadium.
Associação Atlética Internacional play their home games at Estádio Sócrates Stamato. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 15,300 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31082460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082460" title="Harrison County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Harrison County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Harrison County Courthouse, located in Logan, Iowa, United States, was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fifth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first county seat in Harrison County was Magnolia. A log cabin served as the first courthouse. It was destroyed in a fire along with the county records. A second courthouse was built in 1854. The county raised the funds for its construction by selling town lots. The building was condemned as unsafe in 1873, and the county’s third courthouse was built the same year. It served the county for three years until Logan was named the county seat.
The first courthouse in Logan was built in 1876 for $14,000. An appropriation of $5,000 came from the county and $9,000 was donated from the people of Logan. Yeisley & Stowell were the contractors that built the building. The two-story brick structure measure 55 by 70 feet. Offices for the county Auditor, Treasurer, Clerk, Recorder, Sheriff and School Superintendent were on the first floor. The second floor contained the court room and jury rooms. 
Plans for the present courthouse were begun in 1905. The cornerstone was laid on October 5, 1910 and it was dedicated on November 3, 1911. It was built at a cost of $103,205.15.
Architecture.
The Classical Revival building was designed by Joseph E. Mills. The three-story building measures 68 by 96 feet. The top of the dome is 77 feet (23.5 m) above the street. It is constructed in steel and concrete block and faced in Bedford stone. Four murals were placed in the main stairway during a redecorating program in 1920. They are the work of Frank Enders of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They were all done on canvas that was attached to the wall. The murals portray: the old courthouse in Magnolia, the first courthouse in Logan, a horn of plenty theme and Lady Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="31082471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082471" title="Holdermann">
Holdermann

Holdermann, Holderman is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31082472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082472" title="Prohibition (miniseries)">
Prohibition (miniseries)

Prohibition is a 2011 documentary film for television directed by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick with narration by Peter Coyote. The series originally aired between October 2, 2011 and October 4, 2011. It draws heavily from the 2010 book "Last Call: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition" by Daniel Okrent.
Synopsis.
It describes how the consumption and effect of alcoholic beverages in the United States were connected to many different cultural forces including immigration, women's suffrage, and the income tax. Eventually the Temperance movement led to the passing of Prohibition, the Eighteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Widespread defiance of the law, uneven and unpopular enforcement, and violent crime associated with the illegal trade in alcohol caused increasing dissatisfaction with the amendment, eventually leading to its repeal thirteen years later.

</doc>
<doc id="31082473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082473" title="Chicago Croatian">
Chicago Croatian

Chicago Croatian was a semi-professional American soccer club based in Chicago Illinois.
The club competed in the National Soccer League of Chicago. All their home matches were played in Hanson Stadium Chicago Illinois.
The club was founded in the 1950s and is historically the most successful Croatian soccer club in the USA. The height of Croatians 
success came in the 1970s and 1980s making the final of the prestigious National Challenge Cup(US Open Cup) in 1974, 1979 and 1984. They qualified for the CONCACAF Champions Cup in 1975 and 1980 but withdrew from the competition they participated in the 
1985 CONCACAF Champions Cup and were knocked out of the competition in the 1st round by the Honduras champion Club Deportivo Olimpia . The 1st leg was played in San Pedro Sula and the
2nd leg in Tegucigalpa Honduras the attendance was over 40,000 spectators for each match.

</doc>
<doc id="31082491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082491" title="FAMRI">
FAMRI

FAMRI, or the Flight Attendant Medical Research Institute is a non-profit research funding body. It was created as part of the settlement of a class action law suit brought against the tobacco industry on behalf of non-smoking flight attendants.
FAMRI funds research into smoking-related and second-hand smoke related cancers. This is primarily through grants to principal investigators and American universities but also through the "FAMRI Center of Excellence" at Johns Hopkins.
Norma Broin was the lead Plaintiff in the class action case, Broin v. Philip Morris.

</doc>
<doc id="31082509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082509" title="Marilyn Horowitz">
Marilyn Horowitz

Marilyn Horowitz is an American script doctor, writing coach, and producer. Horowitz is the founder of the "Horowitz Center for Screenwriting", an industry that transforms scripts into market-ready screenplays. Horowitz is also the creator of the "Horowitz System", a writing system that proposes a new and effective way. Horowitz is the author of several books that include, "How To Write A Screenplay in 10 Weeks" (ISBN 0-9799089-1-4), "The Four Magic Questions of Screenwriting" (ISBN 0-9799089-4-9) and the upcoming "How To Sell Your Screenplay in 30 Days Using New and Social Media".
Most screenwriting methods often focus on structure and not enough on story. These methods can help you write a screenplay but Horowitz teaches what was previously thought to be “un-teachable”- how to be a better writer. Horowitz shows students how to develop a good concept, create memorable, three-dimensional characters and craft a well-structured and emotionally satisfying story.
Early Years.
Marilyn Horowitz was born and raised in New York City. Horowitz’s love affair with film began when she was 8 years old. Her father, a General Counsel for Columbia Pictures, would often bring home movies. But it was Jimmy Stewart’s "Mr. Smith Goes To Washington" that would pique Horowitz’s interest in understanding how to develop good characters and make a difference through storytelling. Horowitz received a B.A. from NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts, and later went on to make a short film "Night Hawks At the Diner", which was screened on Showtime.
After years as a struggling writer, Horowitz optioned her first novel and was hired to adapt it. The process of making the story screen-ready to please producers was so difficult that she ended up creating her own writing method, The Horowitz System.
Professional accomplishments.
In 1996, Horowitz co-founded ArtMar Productions, a screenwriting consulting and education company. Later, ArtMar expanded to include film production and film-making workshops. The company went on to produce"Caleb’s Door" in 2009 and several short films.
Horowitz served as the script consultant in 2007 for the Warner Bros. film, "And Then Came Love", starring Vanessa Williams. She was also the script consultant and associate producer on 2004’s "The Reawakening", an independent feature film produced under the auspices of the ABC New Talent Development Scholarship Grant. Horowitz is also the associate producer on two upcoming feature films, “The One” and “Found in Time.”
She won the New York University Award for Teaching Excellence in 2004. Horowitz regularly conducts screenwriting seminars for New York Women in Film and Television (NYWIFT), Film and Video Arts, WGA East, Independent Feature Project (IFP), HBO and Montage Entertainment, and the Lake Placid Film Festival.
Horowitz has also made frequent presentations of her writing system at professional conferences that include the Great American Pitchfest and Author 101.
Her students include, published novelists, screenwriters and award-winning filmmakers. Brad Winters, a writer for HBO’s “Oz” is among her former students. Melinda Metz and Sally Mendez are among the novelists she has worked with throughout the years.
Marilyn has contributed articles to "Screenwriter", "Hollywood Scriptwriter" and "Script Magazine". Horowitz’s most recent writing is featured in "Now Write! Fiction Writing Exercises from Today's Best Writers and Teachers by Sherry Ellis" (ISBN 1-58542-522-2), a screenwriting anthology published by Tarcher and Penguin on January 6, 2011.
Educational impact.
Horowitz is an Adjunct Assistant Professor at the New York University. She has written six books teaching her method, including books for college, high school and middle school. The college version is a required textbook at New York University, and two of her books provide the text for the “Lights, Camera, Literacy!” program taught to over a 1,000 children in Maryland’s Montgomery County Public Schools, which recently received the “Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award” for the outstanding performance of a school system.

</doc>
<doc id="31082515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082515" title="Hollerbach">
Hollerbach

Hollerbach (or Höllerbach) is a Germanic surname, and a place name. It may refer to:
Rivers.
both in Hesse, Germany

</doc>
<doc id="31082519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082519" title="Alex C. Ruffing">
Alex C. Ruffing

Alex C. Ruffing (November 2, 1892 - September 6, 1958) was an American machinist and Socialist from Milwaukee who served four terms (1919–1926) as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and one shortened term in Wisconsin State Senate representing Milwaukee County-based districts
Background.
Ruffing was born in Milwaukee on November 2, 1892. He was educated in the public and parochial schools and learned the machinist trade at the Allis Chalmers plant.
Legislative career.
He had never entered electoral politics before a 1916 run for the Assembly from the 7th Milwaukee County district (7th and 10th wards of the City of Milwaukee), which he lost to Bernhard Gettelman by 85 votes) In 1918 Ruffing was elected to the same Assembly seat at the age of 26 years and three days, receiving 2,959 votes to 1,410 for Tony Rausch (Republican) (Gettelman had become chief deputy sheriff of Milwaukee County). He became the youngest member of the fifty-fourth session of the legislature, and was assigned to the standing committee on public welfare. He continued to work at the factory between sessions at first, but from 1923 to 1928 worked as an annexation solicitor for the City of Milwaukee.
He was re-elected in 1920 and 1922 without opposition, switching to the Committees on the Judiciary and then Finance, and in 1924 won re-election by 2367 votes to 1622 for Henry A. Zaidina.
In November 1926, Ruffing was elected to the State Senate to fill out the unexpired term of fellow Socialist Joseph Padway (who had resigned to serve as judge of the Milwaukee civil court), with 4297 votes for Ruffing to 3294 for Republican Otto Tetzloff. He was assigned to the joint committee on Finance, on which he'd served two terms while in the Assembly. He was appointed as a Milwaukee alderman by Mayor Dan Hoan in 1928, and was succeeded in the Senate by fellow Socialist Thomas Duncan.
Post-legislature.
Ruffing continued to serve as an alderman until defeated for re-election on April 4, 1944 by Republican Assemblyman Martin E. Schreiber. He was now a vice-chairman of the Wisconsin Socialist Party central committee, and became the Socialist candidate for state senate against incumbent (and former Socialist) George Hampel, who ran without any party affiliation; with both of them losing in November to Democrat Edward W. Reuther. In 1946, he ran for his old seat in the Assembly, coming in third to Republican Clyde Follansbee and Democrat John Schaller. In 1949, he returned to his old employment as an annexation solicitor under new Socialist mayor Frank P. Zeidler; and in June 1950 he was elected to succeed Zeidler as state chairman of the Socialist Party.
He died on September 6, 1958 in Milwaukee, a fact memorialized by an Assembly joint resolution in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31082541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082541" title="Riaz Batalvi">
Riaz Batalvi

 Riaz Batalvi was a senior Pakistani journalist, Writer and Dramatist. He was the ex Editor of Daily Mashriq .

</doc>
<doc id="31082605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082605" title="Annah Robinson Watson">
Annah Robinson Watson

Annah Robinson Watson (1848–1930) was an American author, the founding member of the Nineteenth Century Club, and a collector of folklore.
Born Annah Robinson, she resided in Memphis, Tennessee. She published tales and superstitions collected from African-American peoples, apparently in the dialect of the teller, and speculated on a type of ethnographic racialism.
Her works include "Some Notable Families of America", "Of Sceptred Race", "Passion Flowers" and a paper—"Comparative Afro-American Folk-Lore"—read at the International Folk-Lore Congress of the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="31082606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082606" title="Hendrik Willem Tilanus">
Hendrik Willem Tilanus

Hendrik Willem Tilanus (Deventer, 5 October 1884 – Den Haag, 16 February 1966) was a Dutch politician and leader of the Christian Historical Union party from 1939 to 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="31082652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082652" title="Haji Saeed Ur Rehman Khan Karar">
Haji Saeed Ur Rehman Khan Karar

Background.
Haji Saeed ur Rehman Khan Kakar, a landlord, trader, political and social renown figure of Depalpur was born on 25 June 1929 in Pathan family resident of district Rottak, village Ghari OJala, India. He got his early education from his village, intermediate (FSc) from government college Rottak and graduation from Islamia college Lahore. He was one of the active members in the Tehreek-e-Pakistan. He performed the duty as the national guards of Muslim League and got arrested while defending the office. Pakistan gained independence from British Raj, he led 250,000 people from Rohtak district to Pakistan safe and sound. He himself settled in Dipalpur afterwards and become one of the renowned agriculturists of Depalpur. During his life he was member of Pakistan Tobacco Board, Cotton Control Board of Pakistan, agriculture and water affairs and worked for the betterment of farmers of Pakistan. He also became the president of the Pathan welfare committee. A free hospital and a religious institute were run under his supervision.
Vision.
His vision was to implement Islamic laws in order to make Pakistan a true Islamic Republic of Pakistan. He also supported the implementation of Islamic zakat system in Pakistan, in which zakat distribution can easily be monitored.

</doc>
<doc id="31082700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082700" title="Yakhak, Afghanistan">
Yakhak, Afghanistan

Yakhak is a village in Herat Province, in northwestern Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31082705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082705" title="State Mutual Insurance Company">
State Mutual Insurance Company

State Mutual Insurance Company is a mutual insurance company located in Rome, Georgia, USA, and currently specializing in the sale of Medicare supplement insurance.
History.
In 1937, six prominent figures from Rome made a plan to provide a source of employment and income for the people of the town during the Great Depression. 113 citizens of Rome were granted temporary licenses to act as insurance agents. Titled the "Million Dollar Campaign", their goal was to sell $1,000,000 worth of insurance policies in order to save a company and the jobs held there. In three weeks, the 113 new agents sold $1,431,000 of new life insurance policies. These new policies and those that were managed by the state insurance commissioner were combined to form the State Mutual Insurance Company.
Corporate structure.
State Mutual Insurance is a mutual insurance company, so it is owned by its policyholders, not stockholders. Company decisions are made on behalf of the policyholders. State Mutual Insurance conducts business in 41 states including the District of Columbia. 
When State Mutual Insurance Company was formed, it was originally chartered under Florida law because, at the time, there were no legal provisions in Georgia to accommodate a company without stockholders. In 1982, the company was re-chartered in Georgia. 
Company growth.
During the 1980s, State Mutual absorbed six other life insurance companies and maintained policyholders and agents in over 30 states. State Mutual also purchased a savings and loan association, which was refurbished and then sold.
In the 1990s, State Mutual Insurance Company shifted its market to seniors. Life insurance and Medicare supplement products were developed with competitive rates. By the early part of the 21st century, State Mutual had over 1,000,000 Medicare supplement policyholders. 
In 2010, State Mutual developed a secure, Internet-based application system for obtaining a Medicare supplement plan. Customers can request completely anonymous and secure quotes online, submit applications, and receive proof of their policies immediately.
State Mutual Insurance Company maintains its office in historic downtown Rome, just a few blocks away from its original 1936 location. A plaque hangs in its Rome office, celebrating its founding and states, "What Rome builds, builds Rome," and lists the 113 names of those involved in the Million Dollar Campaign.
External links.
Company website

</doc>
<doc id="31082725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082725" title="Collège Marcel Roby">
Collège Marcel Roby

The Collège Marcel Roby is a French middle school located in St Germain en Laye, just on the outskirts of Paris, France. In addition to being a public school for children living in St Germain en Laye, the school is also part of the Lycée International de Saint Germain-en-Laye, one of the most prestigious international schools in France. The school hosts the American and Spanish sections of the Lycée International.
Students studying at Marcel Roby with the Lycée International take many of their courses in the section language (American English or Spanish), while students attending the normal public school follow the normal French educational curriculum.
Kids attend Collège Marcel Roby from the 6eme (US 6th grade) to the end of the 3eme school year (US 9th grade). Before passing on to high school, students must take the Diplôme National du Brevet test given at the end of their 3eme school year; international section students take the international version of the Brevet, which has several sections in their language of choice. Once passed, students leave Collège Marcel Roby for either the Lycée Jeanne d'Albret, for public school students, or the Lycée International de St. Germain en Laye.

</doc>
<doc id="31082727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082727" title="Richard Green (technologist)">
Richard Green (technologist)

Richard L Green (born 1955) was Nokia's chief technology officer and an executive vice president from 2010 until 2011. In late 2012 he joined Enlighted as Senior Vice President of Products and Technology. 

</doc>
<doc id="31082745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082745" title="Grêmio Catanduvense de Futebol">
Grêmio Catanduvense de Futebol

Grêmio Catanduvense de Futebol, commonly known as Grêmio Catanduvense, is a Brazilian football club based in Catanduva, São Paulo state.
History.
The club was founded on March 8, 1999. They finished as the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão runners-up in 2006.
Stadium.
Grêmio Catanduvense de Futebol play their home games at Estádio Municipal Silvo Salles. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,474 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31082764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082764" title="Andrew Pritchard">
Andrew Pritchard

Andrew Pritchard (1804 –1882) was an English naturalist and natural history dealer who made significant improvements to microscopy and studied microscopic organisms. His belief that God and nature were one led him to the Unitarians, a religious movement to which he and his family devoted much energy. He became a leading member of Newington Green Unitarian Church in north London, and worked to build a school there.
Life.
Pritchard was apprenticed to his cousin Cornelius Varley, an artist deeply interested in science. For his improvements in the camera lucida, the camera obscura and the microscope, he received the Isis Gold Medal of the Society of Arts and later, at the Great Exhibition, he gained a medal for his invention of the graphic telescope. Cornelius's brother was the painter John Varley, but Pritchard would have seen more of Cornelius's son Cromwell Fleetwood Varley, an engineer who pioneered the transatlantic telegraph cable. 
Pritchard set up as an optician, and also sold microscopes and microslide preparations. These slides he prepared by studying the microscopic organisms that he saw, and identifying and labelling them. Starting in 1830, he collaborated with C.R. Goring to produce beautifully illustrated books showing the "animalcules" visible through the microscope. His shops were in central London, more towards The City than the West End, variously at 162 Fleet Street, Pickett Street and 312 & 263 The Strand. The "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" says his "List of 2000 Microscopic Objects" (1835) "is very important in the history of microscopy... his "History of the Infusoria" (1841) was long a standard work, and the impetus it gave to the study of biological science cannot be overestimated." ("Infusoria" is a term then current for aquatic micro-organisms.) This latter book was enlarged and revised by John Ralfs and other botanists; Pritchard in turn condensed Ralfs's contribution on the diatomaceæ (diatoms, a type of phytoplankton), and wrote many books and articles on "natural history as seen through the microscope, on optical instruments, and on patents" 
Pritchard held various Dissenting religious views over his lifetime, holding that science and religion were one. Through the Varleys he attended a Sandemanian church, where he became acquainted with Michael Faraday. In the end he joined a Unitarian congregation, because religious freedom and self-improvement were the watchwords of the movement, which still struggled against civil disabilities. Money aside, Pritchard would not have been able to attend an English university as a young man, for example, because the only two, Oxford and Cambridge, restricted entry to members of the Church of England. "No-one exists divorced from immediate and larger social environments. Dissenters led educational reform, especially in giving “lower orders” scientific knowledge and skill."
Pritchard joined the congregation of Newington Green Unitarian Church, an establishment long connected with scientific enquiry (Joseph Priestley), education (Mary Wollstonecraft), and political dissent (Richard Price). He is described in the church's history as "the leading member of the congregation". From 1850 to 1873 he was its treasurer, during which time donations doubled. Before the passage of the Elementary Education Act 1870, compulsory schooling did not exist, so the church started a school to offer education to the village children. He led the Newington Green Conversation Society, membership restricted to 16, a successor to the Mutual Instruction Society. Faraday was a frequent visitor.
He married Caroline Isabella Straker in 1829 and they had several children. His wife was chair of the chapel organisation, and after a few decades there were 20 Pritchards involved in the chapel. Their son Henry Baden Pritchard (1841–1884) was a chemist, traveller, and photographer. Their son Andrew Goring Pritchard, a solicitor, was a leading light of the Association of Municipal Corporations, and he in turn had a son, Clive Fleetwood Pritchard, who became mayor of Hampstead. Their son Ion (died 1929) and daughter Marian Pritchard (died 1908) continued the work of their parents at the Newington Green Unitarian Church. The cause of liberal religion in general, and the development of the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches, were overarching themes. Ion was President of the Sunday School Association, one of the precursors to the General Assembly. Marian in particular is described as an unsung heroine, and "one of the leaders of modern Unitarianism". She set up Oxford Summer Schools for the training of Sunday School teachers, and Winifred House Invalid Children's Convalescent Home.
Works.
1847 MICROSCOPIC OBJECTS, animal vegetable mineral

</doc>
<doc id="31082777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082777" title="Brian Free and Assurance">
Brian Free and Assurance

Brian Free & Assurance is a Southern Gospel group.
Brian Free formed his own group in 1993 after performing with the Gold City Quartet from 1982-1993. After being formed, the group has released multiple albums and has received several awards and nominations. Brian began the group as a trio, but they expanded to a quartet in 1996 with the addition of Bob Caldwell singing bass. They have remained a quartet ever since. The quartet was dissolved in 1998 while Brian Free pursued a solo career. After a few years and two solo records under his belt, he realized he missed the classic quartet feel. The group returned with entirely new members, other than Free himself, in 2001. The group then included Brian's son Ricky on drums. Ricky exited the group in 2008, and they continued without a live band. Ricky is now a songwriter at Daywind, a producer, session musician, and a drummer for various Country and Christian groups. He resides in Nashville, Tennessee with his wife and two sons. The group has become known for Brian Free's soaring tenor vocals, meaning the lead and baritone sings in a higher register than other quartet singers typically would. Brian is still to this day, the most awarded tenor in the history of Gospel music.
Past members.
Lead
Baritone
Bass
Pianist
Drummer
Awards.
! width="60px"| Year
! Award
! Result
! 2007
! 2008
! 2009
! 2010
!rowspan="2"| 2011
!rowspan="2"| 2013

</doc>
<doc id="31082778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082778" title="Lynn Novick">
Lynn Novick

Lynn Novick is an American director and producer of documentary films known for mostly for her work with Ken Burns. Among her most notable collaborations with Burns are "The War" (2007), "Baseball: The Tenth Inning" (2010). and "Prohibition" (2011). Their next project is a Vietnam War history planned for 2016. 
Born and raised in New York City, Novick was a research assistant at the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of American History before beginning her film career as a production assistant at WNET, the city's public television station. She worked on Bill Moyers' projects "Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth" and "A World of Ideas with Bill Moyers" before getting a job working on Burns' "The Civil War" (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="31082791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082791" title="2006 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2006 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2006 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty fifth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 2005 was Georgia. The Competition took place in Auburn, Alabama hosted by the Auburn University in Beard–Eaves–Memorial Coliseum. The 2006 Championship was won by Georgia, their second in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="31082793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082793" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Team large hill">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Team large hill

The men's team large hill ski jumping event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 was held 5 March 2011 at 15:30 CET. Austria's team of Wolfgang Loitzl, Martin Koch, Thomas Morgenstern, and Gregor Schlierenzauer are the defending world champions and are the Olympic champions with Loitzl, Andreas Kofler, Morgenstern, and Schlierenzauer.

</doc>
<doc id="31082795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082795" title="First Battle of Brega">
First Battle of Brega

The First Battle of Brega was fought during the Libyan civil war. It began when pro-Gaddafi government troops attacked the city, held by the National Transitional Council, in the early hours of 2 March 2011.
The Battle.
In the early hours of 2 March, well-armed government pro-Gaddafi forces arrived at Brega in over 100 vehicles. They succeeded in wresting control of the oil refinery, port, terminal and industry airport, as well as the town university. Coming within 2-3 kilometers (1-2 mi) from the town center, pro-Gaddafi forces managed to pin down rebel forces. According to a number of news sources, rebels were rushed to mobilization and hid in the sand for camouflage. Most were volunteers from the rebel-controlled cities of Ajdabiya and Benghazi.
As the attack was underway, Libyan Air Force pilots loyal to Gaddafi bombed a munitions depot at Ajdabiya. However, after a few hours, rebel reinforcements from Ajdabiya arrived in Brega and pushed back pro-Gaddafi fighters to the university campus where they came under siege. Moving along the coast, rebel fighters charged over the sand dunes on the beach up the hill to the university building, while under constant mortar fire. At one moment, a warplane attacked the dunes in an attempt to disperse the rebels, but it caused no casualties, and the siege continued. According to the rebels, the pro-Gaddafi forces at the university used civilians as human shields. Government troops eventually withdrew from the university and out of the city some to the west. A senior rebel officer stated pro-Gaddafi troops might have run out of ammunition and as such were forced to withdraw.
It was reported that women and children were dragged out of their cars on the Tripoli-Benghazi road by the pro-Gaddafi forces and used as human shields.
The government force retreated to Ra's Lanuf, about 120 km west of Brega, after the battle.
Aftermath.
At least 14 people were initially reported killed in the fighting, although some estimates were as low as five dead. Reporters who came in from the Benghazi area saw four dead, two of which were apparently pro-Gaddafi fighters. At least 14 opposition fighters were later reported killed and 28 others wounded. Eight of those killed were former oil workers. The rebels claimed that they had killed 10 loyalist soldiers and captured several others.
The assault on the Brega oil port was the first major regime counter-offensive against the opposition-held eastern half of Libya, where the population, backed by mutinous army units, rose up and drove out Gaddafi's rule during the first few days of the uprising. The offensive came while Gaddafi warned opposition forces that he would fight "until the last man and woman". Following the battle, celebrations were held by rebel fighters and residents in Brega and Ajdabiya. According to BBC correspondent John Simpson, the rebels were "very proud" and the general feeling in Brega was that Gaddafi's troops "do not necessarily have their hearts in the job."
On 3 March, pro-Gaddafi jets bombed the area between the oil refinery and the residential zone in Brega, rebels also reported an air raid against positions in Ajdabiya. Analysts believe the Battle of Brega indicates that either side may prove unable to definitely defeat the other.
On 4 March, anti-Gaddafi fighters launched an attack against Ra's Lanuf. On 6 March the rebel advance was stopped in the battle of Bin Jawad and government forces recaptured Ra's Lanuf on 10 March. Anti-Gaddafi fighters were reported to have been advising civilians to leave the area around Brega in expectation of a second battle. The Second Battle of Brega was fought on 13 March and by the morning of 14 March, rebel forces were holding the residential district and loyalist forces were holding the oil facilities. The next day, the town fell to the loyalists.

</doc>
<doc id="31082798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082798" title="Sphinx of Memphis">
Sphinx of Memphis

The Sphinx of Memphis is a stone sphinx located near the remains of Memphis, Egypt. The carving was believed to take place between 1700 and 1400 BC, which was during the 18th dynasty. It is unknown which pharaoh is being honored and there are no inscriptions to supply information. The facial features imply that the Sphinx is honoring Hatshepsut or Amenhotep II or Amenhotep III.
Discovery.
The Alabaster Sphinx was discovered in 1912 when an affiliate from the British School in Egypt spotted a uniquely carved object jutting out of a sand hill. It was so far in the season that escavation was useless, but a year later in 1913 digging further displayed that the object was the Sphinx's tail.
Composition.
The Sphinx of Memphis is also referred to as the Alabaster Sphinx of Memphis, and the Calcite Sphinx. These names are derived from the white yellowish stone called calcite which very similar to alabaster. Calcite is a simple and standard material on earth and has been mined for centuries. This natural resource was considered to be beautiful and was accepted in ancient Egypt to have a mystical solar connection. The Alabaster Sphinx of Memphis is the largest calcite statue ever discovered.
Physical Attributes.
With a length of 8 m (26 ft) and a height of 4 m (13 ft), the Sphinx of Memphis considerably smaller than the more recognized Great Sphinx of Giza. With those dimensions, it is estimated to weigh around 90 tons. Its supported by a foundation which gives the impression that it is raised out of the sand. What is unusual about the Sphinx of Memphis are the striations on the left side which wasn't common for Egyptian monuments.
Other Information.
As years passed from the sphinx's creation, people ravaged Memphite temples and the Sphinx of Memphis is one of the few masterpieces that survived this pillaging. During its time this statue was also displayed near a Temple in honor of Ptah. Ptah was the creater of the world to the Egyptians.

</doc>
<doc id="31082804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082804" title="Old Harrison County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Old Harrison County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Old Harrison County Courthouse, located in Magnolia, Iowa, United States, was built in 1873. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Magnolia was chosen as Harrison County's first county seat. A log cabin served as the first courthouse. It was destroyed in a fire along with the county records. A second courthouse was built in 1854. The county raised the funds for its construction by selling town lots. The building was condemned as unsafe in 1873, and the county’s third courthouse was built the same year. It is a two story frame building that served the county for three years until Logan was named the county seat in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="31082826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082826" title="NetTALK">
NetTALK

netTALK.com, Inc. is a telecommunications company based in Miami, Florida providing cloud base VOIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol) applications, services and products. Sales & customer support are through e-mail, live chat and messages as well as over the phone. netTALK was first to Market “VoIP Analog Telephone System”: U.S. Pat. No. 8,243,722 and is currently litigating against Magic Jack / Vocal Tec for their violation of this patent. The company was founded in 2008 and launched products into market in late 2009. netTALK company recently acquired a Data Center: 25,000 square foot, built for Co-Location growth. The Data Center is currently hosting AT&T, FPL Fibernet, Level 3, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, and CineWorks .
netTALK DUO devices can be found both in sites like Amazon, and buy.com and also in retail stores like Walmart, Staples, Sears, Target, Costco, Barnes & Noble etc.
Products and Services.
The company's flagship product is the netTALK DUO, a VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) consumer electronic device that enables users to make and receive phone calls over an Internet connection through a computer, Internet router, or modem, enabling free calling throughout the United States and Canada as well as paid international calling plans. In 2012 the company released the netTALK DUO WiFi – also for wireless use. 
Main features of netTALK’s home phone line:
6 Months of Service Included
Free US Phone Number or Keep Existing Number
Free Local & Long Distance Calling (US & Canada)
Free International Calling to the US & Canada
Annual Flat-Rate Ultra-Low Cost International Call Plans
Free DUO-to-DUO Calls Anywhere in the World
Free International Radio
Call In & Out Blocking
Caller ID
Caller ID Blocking
Conference Calling
SMS Texting to all Cellular Carriers in the US and Canada
Integrated Voice and SMS Apps for Android and Apple iOS devices
netTALK App.
In April 2014, the company announced the launch of its new netTALK App for Android and iOS. The app lets users make free App-to-App calls only using an email address. Users can also call any netTALK subscriber worldwide for free. netTALK App for Android and iOS also enables discounted calls to mobiles and landlines worldwide. 
Once the app is installed, netTALK is also giving away free US and Canadian phone numbers and access to free international radio stations.
Reviews.
netTALK had won the Editor’s Choice Award from LAPTOP Magazine in 2010 and received a great 4/5 rank in PCWORLD review that year. 
In 2011 The New York Times wrote a great review about netTALK, saying “NetTALK DUO does voip without a PC”. The writer, Roy Furchgott also mentioned the simplicity of the set-up, the good sound quality and its advantage in energy saving. 
The Gadgeteer covered the release of netTALK DUO WiFi and the new features that came with it in August 2012. PCMAG also gave the netTALK duo a high 4/5 score, saying it “saves you money by letting you ditch traditional telephone service in favor of Internet-based calls using an ordinary phone handset”. 
The new netTALK app was lately featured and reviewed by the Daily App Show.
The company has received negative coverage in a 2010 ZDNet review which identified problems with voice quality., an issue raised in approximately half of consumer reviews on retail sites. NetTALK has also been the target of Better Business Bureau (BBB) complaints as support tickets often go unanswered and telephone calls to the company itself incur long "hold" times or are dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="31082829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082829" title="Balanomis encyclia">
Balanomis encyclia

Balanomis encyclia is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Australia, including New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="31082832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082832" title="Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2010

Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2010, was held in Hotel Barceló, Huatulco, Oaxaca on May 22, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Alejandra Scheremberg of the capital city Oaxaca was crowned the winner. Scheremberg was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca titleholder, Denise Mendiola. Six contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="31082833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082833" title="France women's national ice hockey team">
France women's national ice hockey team

The French women's national ice hockey team represents France at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Fédération Française de Hockey sur Glace. As of 2011, France has 952 female players. The French women's national team is ranked 14th in the world.
Olympic record.
The women's team of France has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31082834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082834" title="Netball in South Africa">
Netball in South Africa

Netball is one of the most popular women's participation sports in South Africa. The sport is also played by a large number of men. It exists in a culture where sport plays an important public and social part of life. The history of South Africa's netball involvement mirrors that of other sports played in the country like rugby union. During the apartheid era, there were many netball facilities available for whites to use, and fewer for people from other race groups. Funding issues and gender issues did not help bridge this gap.
South Africa has been a long time participant in the international netball community. It was part of the 1960 meeting to set the rules for the game. It came in third place at the 1967 World Netball Championship. Around 1970, during the Sporting boycott of South Africa, South Africa was blocked from competing internationally. South Africa was welcomed back to have their teams compete in international games in the 1990s. This came with national accusations of race playing a part in squad selection. Netball South Africa has worked to help develop the sport in the region in countries like Botswana.
Participation.
Netball is very a popular womans sport in South Africa. While participation rates are high, there is no sense of collective identity by players as netballers and being part of a national netball community. In 2002, 40% of African girls rated netball as their favourite sport and 19% of coloured girls like netball best. Many African girls claim netball as their favourite sport even if they have never played it.
History.
The history of South Africa's netball involvement mirrors that of other sports played in the country like the rugby union. South Africa was involved with the international netball community early in the sport's history, taking part in the 1960 meeting of Commonwealth countries in Sri Lanka to standardise the rules for the game. South Africa's international involvement was suspended because of apartheid era policies. In 1969, South Africa was expelled from competing internationally in netball. When they rejoined the community in the 1990s, internal racial tensions continued to plague the sport on the local level.
Netball has a history of being televised, but printed media has also provided much positive coverage of the sport on national, international, provincial and school levels.
Apartheid.
In the pre-Apartheid period, netball was commonly associated with wealthy whites. Netball was being played by African girls in schools by the early 1930s. Upper class girls were discouraged from playing the sport because of its competitive nature, and were pushed into playing tennis instead.
Maximus Primary was a predominantly middle class Indian school located in Durban that largely followed the white model of schooling. Unlike many non-white schools of the time, it had outdoor facilities with changing rooms for netball, soccer and cricket.
In areas in and around Cape Town, netball was a favourite sport for coloured schools to have because it was the cheapest one to play. During the 1930s and 1940s, some coloured girls would play rugby. By the time they reached puberty, they were encouraged to start playing a more feminine game such as netball. Rates of sport participation were higher amongst non-Muslim coloured children than amongst Muslim coloured children. In 1940, the Bantu Inter-schools League in Johannesburg had 145 netball teams that shared ten courts. At the time, only 6.6% of black South African students attended school, so their participation in this netball league was small. Issues like hunger and inadequate housing coupled with lack of facilities and the distance to get to them discouraged young black South African girls from playing the sport. Secondary issues for black South African women regarding netball arose because of gender struggles in the black South African community; coloured men controlled most aspects of sport for coloured women, who were dependent on them for getting to use existing sport facilities or getting new facilities built. Despite these issues during the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, some dedicated sportswomen worked hard for their sport by organising local leagues and inter-provisional competitions.
In the 1930s, South Africa was competing against the Silver Ferns both at home and in New Zealand. The South African government insisted that there be no Māori netball players at matches. The New Zealand government complied with this request. In 1956, an English team toured the country. It was their first touring side and all team members had to pay their own airfare. England won all three test matches. South Africa toured England for the first time in 1959. They played 25 matches against local English clubs side, winning 18 of them. They also played a three series against England's national team, where they lost every match. In 1966, the South African Schoolgirls team completed a 61 match tour of England; the South African side won every match. In 1967, a South African netball team toured New Zealand. This event was largely unnoticed on the international stage. Prior to the 1967 tour starting, Prime Minister John Vorster and the South African government had discussions with the New Zealand government regarding the "Maori problem". Vorster later spoke at the 1969 Transvaal National Party congress. He demanded reform in regards to sport, and wanted to allow mixed race teams to compete inside South Africa. At the same congress, Albert Hertzog opposed allowing racially mixed teams from abroad from competing in South Africa. He specifically spoke of the Maori and claimed that their inclusion on New Zealand touring sides would lead to South African acceptance of social integration. Albert Hertzog is quoted as saying:
The Prime Minister won the battle and mixed race teams were allowed to compete in South Africa. The strong history of sport competition between New Zealand and South Africa were one of the reasons the Broedrbond plan was passed in April 1971. The plan allowed mixed race teams from traditional national sporting competitors to play in the country, but they could not play mixed race South African teams. In 1969, South Africa's national netball association, Netball South Africa, was expelled from the international netball community because it was viewed as being a "white-only" organisation and South Africa was excluded from competing in the 1970 World Netball Tournament. South Africa's government tried to address this by allowing multi-cultural teams from abroad to compete in the country against racially segregated white and non-white teams. At the same time, the government affirmed that it would not tolerate integration of teams, nor allow non-white and white teams to compete against each other. In 1969, the All England Netball Association withdrew an invitation it had provided to South Africa to tour the country. They did this because South Africa had indicated England could not choose a team regardless of the race of the player. In 1973, England received reassurances from the South African government that England could have a mixed race squad. Because of this, England played a three game test series against the South African Women's Netball association and a one game test against the South African Coloured Board. The team also played twenty-one matches against local clubs. The English netball association hosted 55 coaching sessions during the tour. Of these, 18 were for coloured girls, 3 were for Indians, one was for mixed and 33 were for whites. England's record against South Africa in international matched between 1949 and 1976 was seven wins, one loss. In 1974, the New Zealand Netball Association was approached by the New Zealand government regarding the possibility of South Africa being included in a 1975 international tournament. The government turned down this request because apartheid meant New Zealand's side could not be selected regardless of race. The government told the New Zealand Netball Association that it would oppose a visit by the South African national netball team. As a result of the English tour of South Africa, several countries including Jamaica banned players who participated from competing in netball matches in their country. In 1976, New Zealand declined a South Africa tour offer because the South African team was suspended from IFNA.
The South African Sports Association (SASA) was created in 1958. This organisation was for blacks-only sport. It had eight sport associations under its purview: athletics, cycling, cricket, soccer, weight-lifting, tennis, softball, baseball and netball. The total membership for all eight associations was 70,000.
In 1977, there were 517 white-only netball facilities in South Africa, with a ratio of 1:20,035 facilities to white persons, while there were 29 homelands netball facilities, with a facilities to population ratio of 1:310,443. In 1981, there were 104 netball fields compared to six cricket pitches and four athletics tracks in Greater Soweto. In 1982, the government claimed it was spending ten million rand to build blacks-only sporting facilities. Part of the ten million rand was going towards building 147 new netball courts. This announcement backfired in the international press, who saw it as another example of the South African government under-funding black sports and that it justified the continued boycott of South Africa in the international sport community. In 1988 in Pietermaritzburg, 65 practice fields for tennis, volleyball and netball were used by 11,567 white school children. By contrast, 13,000 coloured and Indian school children shared five practice fields. By 1993, there were open tensions regarding the inability of South Africa's netball team to compete internationally. Most of South Africa's national team members were white. This was despite the fact that many black South African women played netball.
There were well-educated blacks who were middle and upper class during the 1970s and 1980s. One of the ways they tried to achieve success and greater acceptance in the white community was by participating in sports such as cricket, netball and rugby. When they did, they had to play using white standards of play. If they were successful, the athletes were only compared to white athletes.
Post Apartheid.
In the post-apartheid South Africa, blacks became more involved in leadership positions in South Africa, in areas like the National Olympic Committee of South Africa and in soccer. This was not the case with netball, which continued to be run by whites. During 1994, there were allegations of racism over the selection of players to the national squad. In 1995, the white only Stellenbosch had around fifteen netball courts and six hockey fields. A lack of a wider community identity hindered the ability of netball to racially integrate in the post-apartheid South Africa. In 1997, white women as participants still outnumbered their black South African counterparts. One of the sports contested is netball. Netball has a large spectator base composed of white women.
In the early and mid-1990s, South African netball received funds from Britain/South Africa Sports Initiative. While most of the money was earmarked for general sport, South African netball was specifically address with the goal of improving netball coaching. Beyond that, general sport funding went to a developing certification process for sport administrators, general strategic development of sport, and transferring knowledge between different generations of sport administrators. In 1994, the national team had their first international tour after a 20 year absence from international competition. The tour took place in and against New Zealand. The success of the South African Springboks in the 1995 Rugby World Cup had a positive impact on support for other South African national teams at international competitions, including the nation's appearance at the 1995 Netball World Championships. At the Netball World Championship, South Africa provided a major upset when they beat New Zealand in pool play. South Africa ended up losing to Australia in the finals. In 1995, the South African Police Service (SAPS) held its first National Netball Championships in Pretoria. The development of SAPS netball was not taken seriously until 1999 when they affiliated to Netball South Africa as an associated member. The Southern African Development Community has a sport competition with over 600 correctional officers from member countries participating. In 1996, South Africa lost three test matches against New Zealand. The 2000 national championships were held in Cape Town. In 2000, New Zealand's national side toured South Africa for the first time. Two two countries played three test matches and New Zealand won them all. In 2001, a Tri-Nations Series was launched between Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The 2001 series was won by New Zealand.
In 2006, an effort was made to start a professional women's netball league. On 6 August 2007, Netball South Africa announced an incentive program to get member clubs to comply with racial quota requirements. Netball South Africa president Mimi Mthethwa was quoted as saying:
This policy was implemented because some teams had been punished with the loss of points for wins and losses, and frequently ended up having negative points for a season despite having won more games than they lost.
In the post apartheid South Africa, construction of new schools in poorer townships often failed to include the construction of both indoor and outdoor sporting facilities. There might be some space set aside for a netball court or a soccer field, though that may be the only substitute available. The problems of getting facilities for women's sports like netball is still difficult because of Zulu gender constructions, where men are the dominant cultural force. Some schools in coloured areas do not offer physical education classes. To address this need, they have school teams. Most schools only offer netball for girls, soccer for boys and athletics for both genders. For coloured children, boys rank sport as the most important for things to do in their free time. In contrast, coloured girls rank playing sport as fourth in their list of priorities.
In the post Apartheid South Africa, Afrikaners were not as worried about racial integration for netball and rugby as they were about the integration of their schools. In Afrikaner schools, teachers are expected to coach rugby or netball, or another sport on offer by the school. Soccer became the defacto sport of choice in South Africa. This was made possible because of the participation of women in the game, which enabled greater community support. Netball became more of a sport for working class women.
International assistance.
South Africa has made efforts to help develop the game around Africa. They have helped Botswana with coach and umpire development. 30 local graded umpires and 22 Botswana based coaches were trained in the country.
International performance.
The table below contains some of South Africa results in international competitions.
The table below contains some of South Africa results in individual international matches.
The table below includes information on former captains, vice captains and head coaches.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number six in the world.
Men's involvement.
There are a number of men's teams around the country and some national competitions like Action Sports Netball Inter Provincial Tournaments have categories for them to compete on mixed teams or men's only teams.
People.
Irene van Dyk is a famous white South African netball player. Many in the British press hailed her as having sex appeal that netball needed to grow internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="31082847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082847" title="Double concerto">
Double concerto

A double concerto usually refers to a concerto featuring two performers, as opposed to the usual single performer, in the solo role, whether these two performers' instruments are of the same type or different. 
Among well-known double concertos of this kind are such works as J.S. Bach's Concerto for Two Violins in D minor, Mozart's Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra, Mendelssohn's Concerto for Violin, Piano and Strings and Brahms's Concerto for Violin, Cello and Orchestra.
The term may also be used to refer to the use of a double orchestral body where the work is in concerto grosso form; for example, Martinů's "Concerto for two string orchestras, piano and timpani" is commonly known by the title "Double Concerto", where the word "double" refers to the two string bodies rather than to the piano and timpani who are not soloists in the conventional sense.
Concerti with more than two solo parts may be known by the terms "triple concerto", "quadruple concerto", etc., (Beethoven's Triple Concerto for Violin, Violoncello, Piano and Orchestra being perhaps the most notable), but not usually where the instruments are of the same type (e.g., Vivaldi's Concerto for Four Violins in B minor, catalogued as RV 580 and transcribed for four harpsichords by Bach as BWV 1065).

</doc>
<doc id="31082848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082848" title="Rexer's Annual Data Miner Survey">
Rexer's Annual Data Miner Survey

Rexer Analytics’s Annual Data Miner Survey is the largest survey of data mining, data science, and analytics professionals in the industry. It consists of approximately 50 multiple choice and open-ended questions that cover seven general areas of data mining science and practice: (1) Field and goals, (2) Algorithms, (3) Models, (4) Tools (software packages used), (5) Technology, (6) Challenges, and (7) Future. It is conducted as a service (without corporate sponsorship) to the data mining community, and the results are usually announced at the PAW (Predictive Analytics World) conferences and shared via freely available summary reports. In the most recent survey (2013), 1259 data miners from 75 countries participated. After 2011, Rexer Analytics moved to a biannual schedule.
Recent survey results.
While the five Data Miner surveys have covered many data mining topics, the three topics that get the most attention in citations and at conference presentations are:

</doc>
<doc id="31082853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082853" title="Committee for Finnish Affairs">
Committee for Finnish Affairs

The Committee for Finnish Affairs (Finnish: "Suomen asiain komitea") was a committee in the Grand Duchy of Finland that assisted the Minister–Secretary of State for Finland with various issues regarding Finland for the years from 1811 to 1826 and then from 1857 to 1891. 

</doc>
<doc id="31082871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082871" title="The Peninsula Bangkok">
The Peninsula Bangkok

The Peninsula Bangkok is a luxury hotel located at the end of the Charoennakon Road directly beside the Chao Phraya River. The hotel is part of The Peninsula Hotels Group based in Hong Kong which is owned by Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels Limited. The Hotel has won numerous awards for luxury including Asia's number one city hotel and the best hotel in Bangkok. Due to the hotels W shaped structure, there is a view of the river from everyone of its 370 rooms.
Features.
One of the hotels features is the private helipad that it owns on the top floor. The hotel provides transfers to and from the two main Bangkok airports; Suvarnabhumi Airport and Don Mueang International Airport. Another feature that the Hotel has are the chauffeur driven Rolls Royce Silver Spurs and BMW limousines that are available to hire on an hourly basis to all guests. The Hotel has 5 restaurants; Mei Jiang which specialises in Cantonese cuisine, Thiptara who specialise in Thai food with its "upper deck bar", The River Bar who offer light snacks and drinks, The River Cafe and Terrace offers an international menu.
The fitness centre.
The spa at the hotel offers full body treatments, massages and facials. In February 2010 the spa was voted in the top ten spas in Asia and in 2008 it was placed number 5 by Travel and Leisure Magazine. On the grounds of the hotel, there is a three tiered 88 metre swimming pool along the banks of the river. The centres facilities include a steam room, a sauna, a whirlpool and a cold plunge pool.
In popular culture.
In the novel Snakehead by Anthony Horowitz, Alex Rider, the main character stays in this hotel while he is in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="31082877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082877" title="Netball in Botswana">
Netball in Botswana

Netball in Botswana is primarily played by women. Girls are introduced to netball at primary schools, as part of the school curriculum.
History.
The Botswana Netball Association is the national organization responsible for netball in Botswana. It was founded in the 1970s. It is a member of IFNA and COSANA (Confederation of Southern African Netball Associations).
During the 1970s, netball was offered as a school sport to students attending private international schools.
Men have traditionally served as officials, coaches and administrators for the sport. They also had their own teams. This started to change in the 2000s, with men-only teams having been discontinued in favor of mixed gendered teams.
National competition.
Botswana has 30 local graded umpires and 22 locally trained coaches who have been certified by Netball South Africa.
Spar – “Good for You” Netball League is the most important national netball competition in Botswana. Naming rights for the league were given to Spar in 2010. The league is divided into two divisions, north and south. Games for the 2010 season began on May 22. The league championships were held on 27 November 2010 at the BONA Courts in Gaborone.
International competition.
Botswana competed in the annual COSANA tournament in 2008.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number eighteen in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31082879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082879" title="Fred Lincoln">
Fred Lincoln

Frederick Herbert "Fred" Lincoln (February 5, 1878 – January 14, 1940) was a professional baseball umpire.
Lincoln umpired 31 National League games in , 14 of them as the home plate umpire. 

</doc>
<doc id="31082911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082911" title="Jack Dupon">
Jack Dupon

Jack Dupon is a French progressive rock band. The band’s music is created in a "scientific-empirical" way, based on themes, using counter melodies and poly-rhythms performed by one or several of the musicians, and with total improvisations during live performances or recorded and reworked in the studio. They are often labeled by the media as the worthy heirs of Frank Zappa, King Crimson and Gong. Onstage Jack Dupon, a fictionalized character, travels back and forth through time to help in bettering the world.
History.
The group, formed in 2004 in the Auvergne region of France, is composed of Thomas Larsen (drums and vocals), Arnaud M'Doihoma (bass and vocals), Gregory Pozzoli (guitar and vocals) and Philip Prebet (guitars and vocals). Winners of several rock music contests, including the prestigious Bilborock Festival in 2007, Villa de Bilbao, Spain.
They recorded their first self-produced album The African Disappeared Disparu in 2006 and signed with the Musea label, on which they released their second album the Ladder of Desire Du Desir in 2008, The band's third full length Demon Bold Hardi was released in 2011 on the Musea /Transit Music Group labels. The group has toured extensively nationally and internationally, including a tour in the United States organized by Transit Music Group in 2010, with several concerts, including the ProgDay Festival in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and Orion Sound Studio in Baltimore, Maryland and performances in Boston, MA, and New York City, NY, among others.
Spring 2011 they toured the Western Balkans; Slovenia, Croatia (Rijeka and Zagreb), Bosnia (Prijedor and Banja Luka), Serbia (Subotica and Belgrade) and Romania (Timisoara).

</doc>
<doc id="31082926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082926" title="Pet Social Worker / Tails of Hope Rescue">
Pet Social Worker / Tails of Hope Rescue

Pet Social Worker / Tails of Hope is an animal rescue group based in Maricopa, Arizona. Pet Social Worker (PSW) is a nonprofit organization that is a 501(c)3 exempt entity.
PetSocialWorker.org offers a free online database of stray, rescued, lost and found pets in the Maricopa area. In addition, they offer tips, instructions and links to the local Pinal County Animal Care and Control forms needed to report a lost or found pet.
Pet Social Worker/Tails of Hope started in 2004. The website, PetSocialWorker.org began in 2007 as a place for animals available for adoption in Maricopa to be posted by rescue organizations and individuals helping to find forever homes for these pets. To consolidate information and offer local Maricopa area residents a place to go to find information if they have lost or found an animal, the rescue added the lost and found service to PetSocialWorker.org in December 2008.
Pet Social Worker has collaborated with Maricopa Wells Veterinary Hospital and the Maricopa Animal Hospital, Pinal County, Arizona Animal Care and Control, as well as the City of Maricopa, Arizona and local websites and newspapers. If a report of a lost or found pet comes into either Vet or through contact with the staff of Pet Social Worker / Tails of Hope Rescue, the information is posted on PetSocialWorker.org and posted via news feeds on the other websites.
Grants.
In 2009, Pet Social Worker was awarded a $1000 grant from the Build-A-Bear Foundation. This grant helped fund the Pet Social Worker SNAP, the low and no-cost Spay And Neuter Program in Maricopa, Arizona.
In 2011 Pet Social Worker was awarded a $1000 grant from the Allstate Insurance / Allstate Foundation to continue rescue efforts in the City of Maricopa, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="31082938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082938" title="Choi Wan Estate">
Choi Wan Estate

Choi Wan Estate () is a public housing estate in Ngau Chi Wan, Wong Tai Sin District, Kowloon, Hong Kong, located between Ngau Chi Wan Village and Jordan Valley and the foot of Fei Ngo Shan. The estate is divided into Choi Wan (I) Estate () and Choi Wan (II) Estate (), and has a total of 21 blocks. It is one of the largest public housing estates in Wong Tai Sin District.
Background.
Choi Wan Estate was the site of Ngau Chi Wan Village. Its name Choi Wan fits its geographical position because "Wan" (i.e. Choi Wan Estate, "Wan" means cloud in Cantonese) is above "Hung" (i.e. Choi Hung Estate, "Hung" means rainbow in Cantonese). The estate started construction in 1976 and finished in 1979.
Choi Wan Estate is one of the few public housing estates in Hong Kong which blocks are not named with character in the estate name (i.e. "Choi" or "Wan"). Instead, the blocks are named based on the Chinese astronomical matters, for instance, Ngan Ho House (, "lit." galaxy house) and Koon Yat House (, "Koon Yat" meaning "viewing the sun"). The estate is also the namesake for the northwestern Pacific Ocean
tropical cyclone name Choi-wan.
Choi Fai Estate.
Choi Fai Estate () is a public housing estate in Ngau Chi Wan, at the upper hill above Choi Wan Estate and the foot of Fei Ngo Shan. It has only 2 blocks built in 1995.
Choi Fung Court.
Choi Fung Court () is a Home Ownership Scheme court in Ngau Chi Wan, near Choi Wan (I) Estate. It has one block built in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31082959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082959" title="Workingman's Death">
Workingman's Death

"Workingman's Death" is a 2005 Austrian-German documentary film written and directed by Michael Glawogger. It premiered at the 2005 Venice Film Festival. The film deals with the extremes to which workers go to earn a living in several countries around the world. 
The film is composed of six differently titled chapters. The first five depict hazardous conditions of hard laborers around the world and the sixth shows contrasting scenes of youths in a former German industrial complex which had been converted into a leisure park: 
Reception.
The film was met with a largely positive critical reception with a 73% approval rating reported by Rotten Tomatoes as of March 2011, with several critics praising its visual feel. Walter Addiego of the "San Francisco Chronicle wrote that "Despite the hardships depicted, many sequences have a dreamlike beauty. In addition, the director has a bone-dry sense of irony; during the Ukraine scenes, he frequently cuts away to a statue of Stakhanov, the "hero" lauded by the Soviets for his superhuman work habits".
Film critic Nathan Rabin, writing for The A.V. Club, said that "Glawogger is an extraordinarily elegant filmmaker with a photographer's eye for striking compositions. He seems to have selected the jobs documented here as much for their telegenic qualities as their all-around awfulness, and he excels at divining moments of pure cinema and haunting beauty out of the most perilous places and professions on Earth".
"The Village Voice"'s Michael Atkinson wrote that "Glawogger's film may be thematically loose-jointed, but Wolfgang Thaler's cinematography is the glue; the signature move—a flowing Steadicam track before or following a subject—blooms into variations on a visceral theme, especially as it rhymes the Nigerian butchers stalking through acres of red mud dragging bull heads with the Indonesians carrying rocks down smoking, tourist-littered mountain paths".

</doc>
<doc id="31082960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082960" title="SC-1-class submarine chaser">
SC-1-class submarine chaser

The SC-1 class was a large class of Submarine chasers built during World War I for the United States Navy. They were ordered in very large numbers in order to combat attacks by German U-boats, with 442 boats built from 1917 to 1919.
Development.
In 1916, the then Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Franklin D. Roosevelt ordered the US Navy to design a small anti-submarine vessel that could be built quickly in small civilian boatyards, as if war came, larger shipyards would be busy building larger warships. Consideration was given to adopting an wooden Motor Launch built in large numbers by ELCO for the British Royal Navy, but the General Board of the United States Navy thought that these boats were too small to be effective seaboats. The task of designing the new type was given to an experienced designer of small boats, Albert Loring Swasey. He drew up a design for a wooden boat, emphasizing seaworthiness over speed. At first it was intended to use two engines, but a shortage of these engines resulted in the design being changed to use three gasoline engines.
Armament was initially planned to be two 3 inch guns, but the aft gun was usually replaced by a depth charge thrower to attack submerged submarines, with two Colt machine guns completing the armament. Many boats were fitted with hydrophones for detecting underwater noises, with either a K-tube fish-type device of 30 mile range or SC and MB tubes of 5 mile range.
An initial order of 345 SC boats placed in 1917 was planned to be delivered by the end of 1917, with further orders for the French Navy pushing the total ordered up to 448.
Operational history.
Deliveries started in July 1917, with deliveries continuing into 1919, with 441 boats built, and the remaining seven boats canceled. One hundred were sold to France, and a further 121 US Navy SC boats were deployed to Europe to operate off Britain and France and in the Mediterranean, where they supported the Otranto Barrage with the remaining US Navy boats operating off the East Coast of the United States.
The US Navy lost six SC-boats during World War I; USS SC-60 lost in collision with the tanker "Fred M. Weller" on October 1, 1918, USS SC-117 in a fire on 22 December 1917, USS SC-132 lost in collision June 5, 1918, SC-187 in a collision on August 4, 1918, USS SC-209 by friendly fire from the trawler "Felix Taussig" on August 27, 1918 and USS SC-219 by fire on 19 February 1918. France lost three SC-boats.
Following the end of the war, four boats (USS SC-274, USS SC-302, USS SC-311 and USS SC-312) were transferred to Cuba, while 14 boats were transferred to the US Coast Guard in 1919–1920. Eight of the French SC-boats remained in service at the outbreak of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31082963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082963" title="Milton Damerel">
Milton Damerel

  
Milton Damerel is a village parish made up of many tiny hamlets including Whitebeare, Strawberry Bank, East Wonford, and West Wonford, covering in the district of Torridge, North Devon on the river Waldon.
The parish has a population of around 450 and is about from Holsworthy and from Bideford. Barnstaple lies some miles distant. The A388 is the main road through the parish.
History.
Milton Damerel's settlement dates back to Saxon times. Pre-Norman communities include:
When William the Conqueror arrived in England in 1066 he gave Milton and Gidcott and thirteen other manors in Devon, to a man named Robert de Alba Marla. West Wonford was initially granted, along with twenty-eight other manors in Devon, to a man named Ruald Adobed, but later passed back to the Crown. The name Alba Marla changed over the years to Albemarle and then to 'Damerel'.
The manors remained in the family of the Damerels until the time of Edward II. In 1293 the second Hugh Courteney was
declared heir on the death of the Countess of Albemarle; in 1335, he took the title of Earl of Devon, taking on the estates of the Damerels, including Milton Damerel.
In the 1870s, Richard Baker, tenant of the main farm, built a large house next to the church; in 1896 he got permission from Lord Stanhope to enclose the village green.
Church.
The parish has a Grade II* listed Holy Trinity Parish Church that dates back to, in parts, the 13th century. The tower was destroyed by lighting in 1879 and for 20 years the church was in ruins but was re-opened in 1904 and the tower partly re-erected in 1892 and rebuilt
in 1910 - 11. The church holds weekly services and other events in the old school room.
Buildings and facilities.
The parish has no schools, though the children in the parish normally go to schools in Bradworthy, Holsworthy, and North Devon College.
Milton Damerel has many small businesses that serve the local community. Although the parish doesn't have a post office, there are ones in Bradworthy, Holsworthy and a part-time one in Shebbear.
The parish has a parish hall that is used for community events. It has a skittle alley attached, with skittle league matches taking place there during the winter months. The hall and skittle alley are both available for private hire.
There is a mobile library that visits the parish every two weeks. There is a permanent library in Holsworthy.
The 'Woodford Bridge Country Club' on the A388 is a former coaching inn, with a thatched roof. It is believed to be the 'Woodford Hall' where the diatomist Frederick Mills lived in the 1930s.
Public transport.
There is a bus service that operates 4 times a day, in each direction, along the A388 between Holsworthy and Bideford and then on to Barnstaple. On Saturday mornings a bus used to go to Launceston, Tavistock and Plymouth with a return service later in the day. This service however no longer is in operation, much to the dismay of local residents who relied on the service to go to Plymouth mainly for a Saturday shopping trip ot to see friends.

</doc>
<doc id="31082964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082964" title="Canton of Bédarieux">
Canton of Bédarieux

The Canton of Bédarieux is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Béziers.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2008, and is up for re-assessment in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31082967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082967" title="Abad, Bushehr">
Abad, Bushehr

Abad (, also Romanized as Ābād) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,197, in 737 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="31082971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082971" title="Belgium women's national ice hockey team">
Belgium women's national ice hockey team

The Belgian women's national ice hockey team represents Belgium at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Royal Belgian Ice Hockey Federation. As of 2011, Belgium has 83 female players. The Belgian women's national team is ranked 27th in the world.
European Championship record.
The Belgium women's hockey team has never participated to IIHF European Women Championships.
Olympic record.
The Belgium women's hockey team has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.
World Championships record.
In 2000 the Belgian team was the first time involved in the World Championship competition.
All-time Record against other nations.
"As of 14 September 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="31082973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082973" title="Klapper">
Klapper

Klapper is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31082994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082994" title="Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7">
Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7

Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7 (abbreviated as GAD-7) is a self-reported questionnaire for screening and severity measuring of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD).
GAD-7 has seven items, which measure severity of various signs of generalized anxiety disorder according to reported response categories of “not at all,” “several days,” “more than half the days,” and “nearly every day.” Assessment is indicated by the total score, which made up by adding together the scores for the scale all seven items. 
GAD-7 is a sensitive self-administrated test to assess generalized anxiety disorder, however it cannot be used as replacement for clinical assessment and additional evaluation should be used to confirm a diagnosis of GAD.

</doc>
<doc id="31082998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31082998" title="2005 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2005 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2005 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty fourth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 2004 was UCLA Bruins. The competition took place in Los Angeles hosted by the University of California, Los Angeles in Pauley Pavilion. The 2005 Championship was won by Georgia Gym Dogs, their first since 1999 and sixth all-time.

</doc>
<doc id="31083000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083000" title="Fabril Esporte Clube">
Fabril Esporte Clube

Fabril Esporte Clube, commonly known as Fabril, is a Brazilian football club based in Lavras, Minas Gerais state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on September 2, 1932. They won the Campeonato Mineiro Second Level in 1984 and the Campeonato Mineiro do Interior in 1988. Fabril also competed in the Série C in 1988, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition.
Stadium.
Fabril Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Juventino Dias, commonly known as "Estádio Municipal". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people. They also play at Estádio UFLA, which is a property of the Federal university of Lavras, and it has a maximum capacity of 13,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31083023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083023" title="Klapp">
Klapp

Klapp is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31083025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083025" title="My Heart Leaps Up">
My Heart Leaps Up

My Heart Leaps Up, also known as The Rainbow, is a poem by the British Romantic Poet William Wordsworth. Noted for its simplicity of structure and language, it describes the joy that he feels when he sees a rainbow and notes that he has felt this way since his childhood. He concludes the poem by noting how his childhood has shaped his current views and stating that "the child is father of the man".
Writing the poem.
Wordsworth wrote "My Heart Leaps Up" on the night of March 26, 1802. Earlier that day, he had written "To The Cuckoo". He was in Dove Cottage, Grasmere with his wife, Mary. After he wrote it he often thought about altering it, but decided to leave it as it was originally written. It was published as part of "Poems, in Two Volumes" in 1807.
The day after he wrote "My Heart Leaps Up" Wordsworth began to write his larger and better known . The last three lines from "My Heart Leaps Up" are used as an epigraph to Intimations of Immortality. Some scholars have noted that "My Heart Leaps Up" indicates Wordsworth's state of mind while writing the larger poem and provide clues to its interpretation.
Critical analysis.
Some commentators have speculated that Wordsworth felt such joy because the rainbow indicates the constancy of his connection to nature throughout his life. Others have said that it celebrates "the continuity in Wordsworth's consciousness of self". Many commentators also draw parallels to the rainbow of Noah and the covenant that it symbolised. Wordsworth's use of the phrase "bound each to each" in the poem also implies the presence of a covenant. Some commentators have drawn further parallels with the story of Noah. Harold Bloom has suggested that Wordsworth casts the rainbow as a symbol of the survival of his poetic gift, just as the rainbow symbolised to Noah the survival of mankind. Bloom suggests that Wordsworth's poetic gift relied on his ability to recall the memories of his joy as a child.
William Blake disliked Wordsworth's use of the phrase "natural piety". Blake believed that man was naturally impious and therefore Wordsworth's phrase contradicted itself.

</doc>
<doc id="31083031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083031" title="Iqbal Zuberi">
Iqbal Zuberi

 Iqbal Zuberi was a senior Pakistani journalista a former chief editor and chief executive of the Daily Mashriq. Iqbal Zuberi was born in Bhopal in 1932.
Career.
He began his journalistic career in 1951 with the Tameer daily in Rawalpindi. His last assignment was that of resident editor with the Business Recorder when it began publication its Lahore edition.
Iqbal Zuberi, who was author of two books on journalism, was vice president of the Council of Pakistan Newspaper Editors and member of the standing committee of All Pakistan Newspapers Society.
Death.
Iqbal Zuberi died in Karachi on Tuesday Sept 3, 2002 after protracted illness. He was 70.

</doc>
<doc id="31083034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083034" title="The Very Best of Eddie Cochran (1975 album)">
The Very Best of Eddie Cochran (1975 album)

The Very Best Of Eddie Cochran was the fifth album posthumously released in the US after Eddie Cochran's death in 1960. 
Content.
The album was released on the United Artists Records label in 1975. The catalogue number was LA.428-E.
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="31083036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083036" title="Love for Sale (Bilal album)">
Love for Sale (Bilal album)

Love for Sale is a studio album by American R&B/jazz artist Bilal. The album was leaked on the internet in 2006 and deemed unmarketable by Interscope. The album was to be Bilal's sophomore studio album following his debut release, "1st Born Second". Production for the album was handled primarily by Bilal, with many of the tracks written and produced by the artist himself, except ""Something To Hold On To"" was produced by grammy award winning songwriter/music producer Nottz. 
Following the album's completion, "Interscope/Universal" delayed the release date, then shelved the album indefinitely, hinting that it saw little commercial potential in it since it had already leaked on the internet in its entirety. Radio promotional vinyl/CD's of album surfaced in Europe and on various online music stores.

</doc>
<doc id="31083042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083042" title="Broel Museum">
Broel Museum

The Broel Museum (Broelmuseum) is an art museum located on the Buda Island in Courtray, Belgium. The building is a converted 18th-century neoclassical mansion, located at 6 Broelkaai.
Exhibits.
The main focus of the museum is artists from the area, or who are currently living in Kortijk, including; Roelant Savery, Karel van Mander, Kerstiaen De Keuninck, Louis Pierre Verwee, Evariste Carpentier, Louis Robbe, Edward Woutermaertens, Joos Vincent de Vos with a prominence of art from the 16th and 19th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="31083049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083049" title="Josh Thomas (cornerback)">
Josh Thomas (cornerback)

Josh Thomas (born May 3, 1989) is an American football cornerback for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He played college football at Buffalo.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Thomas was selected in the fifth round of the 2011 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys. He was waived on September 3, 2011.
Carolina Panthers.
He was claimed off the waiver wire by the Carolina Panthers. In 2012, he started 4 games and was second on the team with 7 passes defensed. In 2013, he started 6 games and was inactive in 3.

</doc>
<doc id="31083051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083051" title="Hungary women's national ice hockey team">
Hungary women's national ice hockey team

The Hungarian women's national ice hockey team represents Hungary at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Magyar Jégkorong Szövetség. As of 2011, Hungary has 183 female players. The Hungarian women's national team is ranked 27th in the world.
Olympic record.
The Hungarian women's hockey team has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31083061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083061" title="Fishkin">
Fishkin

Fishkin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31083076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083076" title="William Ogle, 1st Viscount Ogle">
William Ogle, 1st Viscount Ogle

William Ogle, 1st Viscount Ogle (died 1670) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1643. He fought on the Royalist side in the English Civil War.
Ogle was born in Northumberland and settled in Winchester. He was knighted in 1628. He was a colonel in the war against the Scots. 
In April 1640, Ogle was elected Member of Parliament for Winchester in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Winchester in the Long Parliament in November 1640. He was serving in Ireland in 1643 when King Charles recalled him and he seized Winchester for the crown He was disabled from sitting in parliament in June 1643. He held Winchester until October 1645, when he was court martialled over its surrender but was nevertheless granted the title of Viscount Ogle, of Catherlough, in the Irish peerage. 
Ogle married Cherity Phelips, widow of Sir Thomas Phelips and daughter of William Waller.

</doc>
<doc id="31083082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083082" title="Klappert">
Klappert

Klappert is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31083083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083083" title="Skyword">
Skyword

Skyword Inc, a content marketing platform and service provider, is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts and has an office in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Background and History.
In 2010, Skyword was founded by serial entrepreneur Tom Gerace who is also the company’s CEO. Prior to Skyword, Gerace launched Gather.com, a news and entertainment website, and founded and served as Chief Marketing Officer of Be Free, a publicly traded online marketing services company.
In December 2011, Skyword closed $6 million in financing from Cox Media Group to fuel the growth of its content marketing software and service solution.
Skyword announced the release of a new content marketing platform enhancement, Skyword for Agencies, in September 2012. 
In October 2012, United Way Worldwide and AutoTrader.com announced they had signed on with Skyword to improve their content strategy and increase content production.
In February 2013, Purina came to Skyword to help create and manage the production of content for pet owners on its Petcentric site. 
The company has strategic partnerships with King Content, Omnicom Group’s Resolution Media., and Digitas.
Publications.
Skyword created the eBook "How to Kick-Start Your Content Marketing" with contributions from experts in the content marketing industry.

</doc>
<doc id="31083086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083086" title="Charles Brown (Royal Navy officer)">
Charles Brown (Royal Navy officer)

Charles Brown (c. 1678 - 23 March 1753) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He saw service during the Nine Years' War, and the Wars of the Spanish Succession, Quadruple Alliance and Austrian Succession.
Brown entered the navy in about 1695, through the patronage of Sir George Byng, afterwards Lord Torrington. He was appointed captain of in 1709. He commanded in 1717, and in 1726 in the cruises up the Baltic Sea. In 1727, during the siege of Gibraltar by the Spaniards, he commanded , and in 1731 in the Mediterranean. In 1738 he was appointed to command , and was senior officer at this station until the arrival of Admiral Edward Vernon in the following year. 
His opportunity arrived in 1739, when, during the War of Jenkins' Ear, he served under Vernon in the attack on Portobello, in the isthmus of Darien. He led the squadron into Boca Chica, placing his vessel, the "Hampton Court", alongside the strongest part of the fortifications. When the fortress surrendered, the Spanish governor presented his sword in token of submission. Brown very properly declined to receive it, saying he was but 'second in command,' and took the governor in his boat to Admiral Vernon. But the Spaniard was obstinate, declaring that but for the insupportable fire of the commodore he never would have yielded. Thereupon Vernon, very handsomely turning to Brown, presented to him the sword, which is still in the possession of his descendants. In 1741 Brown was appointed to the office of commissioner of the navy at Chatham, a situation which he held with unblemished reputation until his death, on 23 March 1753. His daughter, Lucy, became the wife of Admiral William Parry, commander-in-chief of the Leeward Islands; and her daughter and namesake married Captain William Locker, under whom Lord Nelson served in his early days, and who subsequently became lieutenant-governor of Greenwich Hospital. There was a portrait of Brown in the Painted Hall at Greenwich, which subsequently passed in the hands of the successor institution, the National Maritime Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31083094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083094" title="Rohrmann">
Rohrmann

Rohrmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31083103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083103" title="Selimiye (Muğla)">
Selimiye (Muğla)

Selimiye in Muğla Province, Turkey, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31083110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083110" title="Alexander Adams">
Alexander Adams

Alexander Adams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31083130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083130" title="Rene La Montagne">
Rene La Montagne

Rene Morgan La Montagne, Jr. (December 23, 1882 - ?) was an American polo player who in 1914 won the International Polo Cup.
Biography.
He was born on December 23, 1882 to Rene Morgan La Montagne, Sr. (1856–1910). In 1920 he married Grace Argo Garrett.

</doc>
<doc id="31083132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083132" title="Arcobacter">
Arcobacter

Arcobacter is a genus of Gram-negative, spiral-shaped bacteria in the epsilonproteobacteria class. It shows an unusually wide range of habitats, and some species can be human and animal pathogens. Species of the genus "Arcobacter" are found in both animal and environmental sources, making it unique among the epsilonproteobacteria. This genus currently consists of five species: "A. butzleri", "A. cryaerophilus", "A. skirrowii", "A. nitrofigilis", and "A. sulfidicus", although several other potential novel species have recently been described from varying environments. Three of these five known species are pathogenic. Members of this genus were first isolated in 1977 from aborted bovine fetuses. They are aerotolerant "Campylobacter"-like organisms, previously classified as "Campylobacter". The "Arcobacter" genus, in fact, was created as recently as 1992. Although they are similar to this other genus, "Arcobacter" species can grow at lower temperatures than "Campylobacter" as well as in the air, which "Campylobacter" cannot.
Pathogenicity.
"Arcobacter" species have been discovered as both animal and human pathogens within the past decade, thanks to improvements in isolation techniques. Up to now, little is known about the mechanisms of pathogenicity or potential virulence factors of "Arcobacter" spp. Since no routine diagnostic of these bacteria has been performed, the global prevalence of "Arcobacter" infection is rather underestimated and the exact routes of transmission are unknown. When antimicrobial therapies were administered, the infection was eradicated within a few days, and all strains in the study were found to be susceptible to the antibiotics given. A third species, "A. skirrowii", has also recently been isolated from a patient with chronic diarrhea. Although the microbiological and clinical features of "Arcobacter" are not yet well defined, initial studies of "A. butzleri" suggest that these bacteria display similar microbiological and clinical features as "C. jejuni", but are more associated with a persistent, watery diarrhea than with the bloody diarrhea associated with "C. jejuni". Recent studies suggest that "A. butzleri" induces epithelial barrier dysfunction by changes in tight junction proteins and induction of epithelial apoptosis. Based on this model, the virulence of "A. butzleri" seems to have two phases. An initial effect on tight junctions was observed first, followed by a late effect on cytotoxicity because of necrosis and induction of apoptosis. These mats are useful in anchoring the bacteria to rocky surfaces in the face of flowing subsurface hydrothermal fluids as well as providing important carpeting around hydrothermal vents that attracts other animals to that site and encourages them to settle and grow. One interesting potential novel "Arcobacter" species, designated LA31BT, was isolated from water collected from a hypersaline lagoon. Preliminary characterization based on 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis showed that LA31BT shared 94% identity with "Arcobacter nitrofigilis", the type species of the genus, and taxonomic studies confirmed the phylogenetic affiliation of strain LA31BT to the genus "Arcobacter". Other analytical methods, however, showed that LA31BT was distinct from all recognized "Arcobacter" species. Most notably and of interest, LA31BT was found to be an obligate halophile, a trait not found among recognized "Arcobacter" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31083143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083143" title="Hardieville, Lethbridge">
Hardieville, Lethbridge

Hardieville is a residential neighbourhood in the northwest quadrant of Lethbridge, Alberta. It is located north of Scenic Drive N. and west of 13 Street N. It borders Legacy Ridge and Uplands to the southeast.
Hardieville was formerly a hamlet northwest of the City of Lethbridge, Alberta. The hamlet was named after William Duncan Livingstone Hardie, the 13th mayor of Lethbridge. The hamlet was annexed by the City of Lethbridge in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31083157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083157" title="Google Street View in Oceania">
Google Street View in Oceania

In Oceania, Google Street View is available in most parts of Australia and New Zealand.
On 4 August 2008, the long-anticipated image collection of Australia was introduced. At this time, 18 camera icons were added. Extensive mapping of New Zealand was included on 1 December 2008. On 9 December 2008, Darwin, Australia, and other locations were included.
On 30 October 2009, Google Australia announced that they would be sending its fleet of cars back on the road from November 2009 to update Street View Australia with new images.
In October 2010, Google Street View ceased operations in Australia after its Street View cars were found to have been collecting Wi-Fi data from home Wi-Fi networks. In May 2011, Google Australia stated that they had removed all the Wi-Fi sniffing equipment and that they planned to shoot Australian roads again, but did not provide a specific timetable. On 27 July 2011, major urban and regional centres of Australia were updated with the new HD imagery.
Areas included.
':<br>
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads.
':<br>
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads. Coverage limited to North Island, South Island and Waiheke Island.
':<br>
Hawaii and Midway. For more details, see Google Street View in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31083158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083158" title="2002 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2002 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2002 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty fist NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 2001 was UCLA. The Competition took place in Tuscaloosa, Alabama hosted by the University of Alabama in Coleman Coliseum. The 200 Championship was won by Alabama, their first since 1996 and fourth all time.

</doc>
<doc id="31083192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083192" title="Selimiye, Marmaris">
Selimiye, Marmaris

Selimiye is a village in Marmaris District, Muğla Province, Turkey. It belongs to the municipality of Bozburun, in the Bozburun peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="31083204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083204" title="Marchington railway station">
Marchington railway station

Marchington railway station was a railway station in Marchington, Staffordshire. It was on the Crewe to Derby Line. 
History.
The station was opened by the North Staffordshire Railway. The opening date is unsure but the first record of the station in Bradshaw's is in February 1854 and from 1862 is was also served by Great Northern Railway on the route between Stafford and Grantham line.
The station was closed by the British Transport Commission in 1958.
The platforms are still in place Today and the station masters cottage is now in private residence although the platforms have become overgrown in recent years, Trains on the Crewe to Derby Line still pass through the station.

</doc>
<doc id="31083219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083219" title="Rutgers Campus Buses">
Rutgers Campus Buses

Rutgers Campus Buses is the shuttle service used by students at Rutgers – New Brunswick to get around the different campuses. It is the second-largest bus service in New Jersey, after NJ Transit. Service is provided by First Transit all year round, including weekends and holidays. When the campus transit system is not in service, a smaller point-to-point shuttle called the "Knight Mover" is provided for the students.
History.
Rutgers began to install new bus shelters in the summer of 2010. The new shelters incorporate red roofs to cast a red tone on the sidewalk, showcasing university colors. So far, only one shelter has been installed at the Rutgers Student Center bus stop.
Director Jack Molenaar announced that the L route would be discontinued due to budget cuts, effective 28 August 2010. Molenaar called the bus a "relic" and said it was "slowest and most underutilized" of the bus routes. There was significant opposition to the move, especially from graduate students and Highland Park residents who had already made housing arrangements expecting the bus to be there. After 600 people signed an online petition calling for its reinstitution, a temporary LXc route was created for the 2010-11 school year, stopping at Cedar Lane every 30 minutes. A second bus was later added to shorten wait times to 15 minutes. In addition, the three weekend buses (A, EE, L) were reorganized into two all campus loop buses (1 and 2).
After the contract with previous operator Academy Bus expired on June 30, 2011, First Transit took over campus shuttle service. The main reason cited for the switch is cost. First Transit will refurbish existing buses and supply new ones for a total of 50 buses that use 20% biodiesel and feature automatic stop announcements, whereas now drivers may or may not announce stops.
Academy has filed a lawsuit against the University over the loss of the contract. Despite the loss of shuttle operations, the company continues to provide the chartered bus operations used for tours and other events.
Routes.
There are 11 routes on weekdays and 2 routes on weekends and holidays.
Weekday Transit Lines
Special Weekday Service
Weekend Service
Special Break Service
Former Bus Services
Weekends and Holidays.
During the school breaks, the buses use the names of the specific break in the headline of the bus. For example, during winter break the buses will read "Winter Break 1 or 2." For summer break, the bus will read "Summer Break 1 or 2," etc. The routes, however, do not change. They still follow the "Weekend 1 or 2" schedule.
Equipment.
Past.
First Transit was awarded the transit contract by the University, and replaced Academy Bus in July 2011. Rutgers now has more 40-foot buses, and the existing New Flyers have been upgraded. A series of other changes have also taken place:
Alternative plans.
Several times over the past decade, it has been suggested that the bus system be partially or fully replaced with bus rapid transit (BRT), monorail, or light rail. Closing College Avenue to non-bus traffic was also proposed, but indefinitely canceled in February 2010, due to excessive costs. Current plans are for incorporating the Rutgers bus system into the proposed New Brunswick Bus Rapid Transit, which would be centered around the New Brunswick Station near the intersection of Route 18 and Route 27.
Other Campuses.
Newark
On Rutgers' Newark Campus, the University Police provides shuttle buses on the following routes:
Camden
In Camden, the Department of Parking and Transportation Services provides a shuttle bus that stops at Campus Center and the Law Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31083231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083231" title="Wide Hive Records">
Wide Hive Records

Wide Hive Records is an independent record label based in Berkeley, California. It was originally founded by Gregory Howe in 1999 in San Francisco’s Mission District as a record label, live music venue, recording studio and café. 
In its early incarnation Wide Hive hosted live acts and recorded, mixed and mastered CDs of the performances that were available to the audience for purchase at the end of the show. 
Since the release of its first record, Dissent, in 1997, Wide Hive has released over thirty titles ranging from Jazz to turntablism, downtempo, and funk. Artists on the label include Phil Ranelin, Calvin Keys, DJ Zeph, MC Azeem, DJ Quest, Harvey Mandel and Larry Coryell. Wide Hive Records had five CMJ (College Music Journal) top ten placements between 2001 and 2010 with DJ Zeph, Variable Unit Seven Grain, Variable Unit Handbook for the Apocalypse, Variable Unit Mayhem Mystics and Wide Hive Players II Guitar, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31083241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083241" title="Defence diplomacy">
Defence diplomacy

In international politics, defence diplomacy refers to the pursuit of foreign policy objectives through the peaceful employment of defence resources and capabilities.
Origin of the Concept.
Defence diplomacy as an organizing concept for defence-related international activity has its origin in post-Cold War reappraisals of Western defence establishments, led by the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence, and was a principle “used to help the West come to terms with the new international security environment.” While the term originated in the West, the conduct of defence diplomacy is by no means confined to Western countries.
Development of Defence Diplomacy.
While there is not yet a broadly accepted definition of defence diplomacy, it can be understood as the peaceful application of resources from across the spectrum of defence, to achieve positive outcomes in the development of a country’s bilateral and multilateral relationships. "Military diplomacy" is a sub-set of this, tending to refer only to the role of military attachés and their associated activity. Defence diplomacy does not include military operations, but subsumes such other defence activity as international personnel exchanges, ship and aircraft visits, high level engagement (e.g. Ministers and senior defence personnel), bilateral meetings and staff talks, training and exercises, regional defence forums (e.g. Shangri-La Dialogue, Halifax Forum), outreach, confidence and security building measures, and non-proliferation activities.
The United Kingdom identified defence diplomacy as one of the military’s eight defence missions, and aims to “dispel hostility, build and maintain trust and assist in the development of democratically accountable armed forces” to make a “significant contribution to conflict prevention and resolution.” Defence diplomacy is often developed and implemented in close coordination with the foreign and development ministries to ensure coherence and focus across government. 
Major General Ng Chee Khern, Air Force Chief of the Republic of Singapore, summed it up thus: "In defence diplomacy, we seek to develop mutually beneficial relationships with friendly countries and armed forces to contribute to a stable international and regional environment." 
Defence diplomacy is often associated with conflict prevention and security sector reform. It is distinct from the concept of gunboat diplomacy, which is generally understood to be motivated by a desire to intimidate potential adversaries.

</doc>
<doc id="31083243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083243" title="Ronny Kobo">
Ronny Kobo

Ronny Kobo (born 31 March 1980) is an American fashion designer creator of the eponymous brand Torn by Ronny Kobo, coveted by fashionistas, industry insiders, and starlets alike. Born in Israel and raised in Hong Kong, Kobo is a resident of both London and New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31083246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083246" title="2011 Western Michigan Broncos football team">
2011 Western Michigan Broncos football team

The 2011 Western Michigan Broncos football team represented Western Michigan University during the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Broncos, led by seventh-year head coach Bill Cubit, compete in the West Division of the Mid-American Conference and played their home games at Waldo Stadium. They finished the season 7–6, 5–3 in MAC play to finish in third place in the West Division. They were invited to the Little Caesars Pizza Bowl where they were defeated by Purdue 37–32.
Schedule.
The Michigan game on September 3 was called after the 3rd quarter due to a lightning storm. By rule, both teams have to agree to end the game, which both teams did and Michigan was awarded the win.

</doc>
<doc id="31083258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083258" title="Lamberto da Cingoli">
Lamberto da Cingoli

Lamberto da Cingoli was an inquisitor in 14th century Italy. He is known for suspending Cecco d'Ascoli from a professorship of medicine at the University of Bologna in 1324. Sentence against d'Ascoli was pronounced on October 16, 1324. Cingoli was a Dominican monk in the province of Lombardy.

</doc>
<doc id="31083273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083273" title="Believer Book Award">
Believer Book Award

Believer Book Award is an American literary award presented yearly by "The Believer" magazine to novels and story collections the magazine's editors thought were the "strongest and most under-appreciated" of the year. A shortlist and longlist are announced, along with reader's favorites, then a final winner is selected by the magazine's editors. The inaugural award was in 2005 for books published in 2004.
Winners and shortlist.
The year below denotes when the books were published; the award is announced the following year. Thus below, the inaugural 2004 books were announced in early to mid-2005.
Blue Ribbon () = winner
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

</doc>
<doc id="31083275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083275" title="Ida County Courthouse">
Ida County Courthouse

The Ida County Courthouse, located in Ida Grove, Iowa, United States, was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first Ida County courthouse was the first building built in Ida Grove. It was destroyed in a fire along with the county records in 1877. Construction on the present courthouse was begun in 1880 and completed in 1883. It was built in the Italianate style and features a 110-foot (33.5 m) tower. The building is built of brick and is two and one half stories tall. It was original built by David Wood Townsend. It was remodeled twice in the 1930s to increase the office space. An administration annex was added in 1982. 

</doc>
<doc id="31083302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083302" title="Papeete (schooner)">
Papeete (schooner)

The Papeete was a schooner built in 1891 by Matthew Turner, a San Francisco Bay Area shipbuilder who had extensive business interests in Tahiti. The ship was known for a fast passage from San Francisco to Tahiti of 17 days.
She was built to serve in the packet trade, as was the similarly named barquentine "City of Papeete".
Schooner "Papeete" was still afloat in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="31083310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083310" title="Ladatheca">
Ladatheca

Ladatheca is a genus of hyolith that closely resembles "Turcutheca".
It has a straight conch with a smooth internal surface, and is found with what may be its operculum.

</doc>
<doc id="31083316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083316" title="Journal of Elasticity">
Journal of Elasticity

Journal of Elasticity (subtitled "The Physical and Mathematical Science of Solids") is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research and review articles on all aspects of elasticity. It is published seven times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.
The editor-in-chief of "Journal of Elasticity" is Roger Fosdick. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 1.091.
Article types.
"Journal of Elasticity" publishes full research papers, research notes, and historical essays. 
Abstracting and indexing.
"Journal of Elasticity" is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="31083320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083320" title="Geely LC">
Geely LC

The Geely LC, sold in its home market as the Geely Panda or the Gleagle Panda is a Chinese hatchback launched in 2009. In 2010 the LC scored 45.3 in C-NCAP crash tests, making it China's first locally researched and developed compact car to be awarded a 5-star rating, and it is subsequently the safest Chinese hatchback as of 2011. The LC was able to achieve the above despite a development process that relied more on computer simulations than actual crash tests.
As of 2011, this car is popular among Chinese yuppies.
Online sale.
As of 22 December 2010, popular Chinese e-commerce retailer Taobao Mall sells the LC online although buyers must put down a 288 yuan deposit and visit a local dealership for a test drive prior to purchase. The LCs on offer are not delivered to your door and may differ from those available through more-traditional retail channels.
First day online sales totalled near 500.
Styling.
The LC's styling has been recognized for its exceptional exterior, which manufacturer Geely says is "bionic" and resembles a panda but that some criticize for resembling the Toyota Aygo, instead. Geely outsourced the design of the LC's exterior to another Chinese firm, CH-Auto.
Overseas sale.
While the car is sold in overseas markets, its name and the brand name it is sold under may change.
Indonesia.
The LC is sold in Indonesia as a Geely Panda.
New Zealand.
The LC is sold in New Zealand as a Geely LC Hatch.
Sri Lanka.
A local company, Micro Cars, offers the LC in Sri Lanka. It is domestically assembled from complete knock down kits.
South Africa.
The LC is sold in South Africa.
Taiwan.
A rebadged, redesigned LC called the Tobe M’Car is sold in Taiwan by Yulon Motors, which may also assemble it. The M'car uses the same body and interior as the LC but features improved performance and locally designed components.

</doc>
<doc id="31083339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083339" title="International Film Music Critics Association">
International Film Music Critics Association

The International Film Music Critics Association (IFMCA) is a professional association for online, print and radio journalists who specialize in writing about original film and television music.
History and purpose.
The IFMCA was originally founded in the late 1990s as the Film Music Critics Jury by film music journalist Mikael Carlsson (now the owner of film music record label MovieScore Media), and after period of inactivity was re-launched in 2003 under its new title. 
Its membership includes 55 journalists from 16 different countries who write for such high-profile film and soundtrack-related publications and websites as Film Score Monthly, Filmtracks, SoundtrackNet and Music from the Movies, as well as more mainstream publications such as Ain't It Cool News, Variety, the Hollywood Reporter and the Irish Times. Members of the IFMCA have also been involved in writing liner notes for major film music record labels such as Film Score Monthly, Varèse Sarabande, Intrada Records and La-La Land Records.
The aim of the group is to promote original film music and the work of film music composers as legitimate artists worthy of recognition from the mainstream film and music media, and to publicize the work of its members in pursuing this aim. To this end, the group maintains a website documenting its activities; operates a central online review interface which provides links to articles, reviews and interviews written by its members; organizes an annual awards event, the IFMCA Awards, celebrating music for films written during the preceding year; and is involved in organizing major international film music festivals, such as those in Tenerife, Úbeda in Spain, Krakow in Poland, and the World Soundtrack Awards in Ghent, Belgium.
IFMCA Awards.
The organization is responsible for the annual International Film Music Critics Association Awards, the only awards given to composers by active film music journalists, and which are seen by many as a valuable precursor to the Academy Awards in the absence of a guild for composers. They have been called the "Oscars of film music", have been featured in major daily newspapers in Spain and Portugal, are recognized by major performing rights organizations such as ASCAP in the United States and SGAE in Europe, and most recently have been seen by the video games industry as an important step forward in legitimizing game music as a mainstream creative art form.
Composers as varied as John Debney, Alexandre Desplat, Randy Edelman, George Fenton, Michael Giacchino, James Newton Howard Mark Isham, Andrew Lockington, Abel Korzeniowski, Brian Tyler, Fernando Velázquez and Debbie Wiseman highlight their IFMCA Award wins and nominations in their official biographies.

</doc>
<doc id="31083341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083341" title="Hugh Wilson (cricketer)">
Hugh Wilson (cricketer)

Peter Hugh L'Estrange Wilson (born 17 August 1958) played first-class and List A cricket for Surrey and Somerset in England and for Northern Transvaal in South Africa. He was born at Guildford, Surrey. 

</doc>
<doc id="31083342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083342" title="Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Men's sprint">
Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Men's sprint

The men's sprint competition of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 were held on March 5, 2011 at 14:00 local time, 125 athletes participated.

</doc>
<doc id="31083360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083360" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's high jump">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's high jump

The Men's high jump event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4–5, 2011 with the final being held on March 5 at 14:30 local time.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualification Performance 2.30 (Q) or at least 8 best performers advanced to the final. It was held at 16:00.
Final.
The final was held at 16:00.

</doc>
<doc id="31083371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083371" title="Leave It to Jane">
Leave It to Jane

Leave It to Jane is a musical in two acts, with music by Jerome Kern and book and lyrics by Guy Bolton and P. G. Wodehouse, based on the 1904 play "College Widow", by George Ade. The story concerns the football rivalry between Atwater College and Bingham College, and satirizes college life in a Midwestern U.S. town. A star halfback, Billy, forsakes his father's alma mater, Bingham, to play at Atwater, to be near the seductive Jane, the daughter of Atwater's president. 
The musical was created for the Princess Theatre, but another of the "Princess Theatre Shows", "Oh, Boy!", was a long-running hit at the Princess at the same time; so "Leave It to Jane" premiered instead at the Longacre Theatre on Broadway in 1917. and had a long-running Off-Broadway revival in 1959. Some of the best-known songs are "A Peach of Life", "Leave It to Jane", "The Crickets Are Calling", "Siren’s Song", "Sir Galahad" and "Cleopatterer".
Background.
Early in the 20th century, American musical theatre consisted of a mix of elaborate European operettas, like "The Merry Widow" (1907), British musical comedy imports, like"The Arcadians" (1910), George M. Cohan's shows, American operettas, like those of Victor Herbert, ragtime-infused American musicals, and the spectacular revues of Florenz Ziegfeld and others. But as Cohan's and Herbert's creative output waned, new creative talent was being nurtured on Broadway, including Jerome Kern, George Gershwin, Irving Berlin and Sigmund Romberg. Kern began by revising British musicals to suit American audiences, adding songs that "have a timeless, distinctly American sound that redefined the Broadway showtune."
In 1914, Theatre agent Elisabeth Marbury asked Kern and Bolton to write a series of musicals specifically tailored to the small Princess Theatre with an intimate style and modest budgets, that would provide an alternative to the Ziegfeld reviews, elaborate operettas and imported shows. Kern and Bolton's first Princess Theatre musical was "Nobody's Home" (1915), an adaptation of a London show called "Mr. Popple of Ippleton". Their second was an original musical called "Very Good Eddie" (1915). The little show ran for 314 performances on a modest budget. British humorist and lyricist/playwright P. G. Wodehouse had supplied some lyrics for "Very Good Eddie" and joined the team at the Princess for "Oh, Boy!", which opened in February 1917, becoming a hit. In their collaborations, Bolton wrote most of the book, with Wodehouse writing the lyrics. According to Bloom and Vlastnik, "Oh, Boy!" represents "the transition from the haphazard musicals of the past to the newer, more methodical modern musical comedy ... remarkably pun-free plots that were natural and unforced. Charm was uppermost in the creators' minds ... the audience could relax, have a few laughs, feel slightly superior to the silly undertakings on stage, and smile along with the simple, melodic, lyrically witty but undemanding songs".
Productions.
With "Oh, Boy!" playing at the Princess, "Leave It to Jane" had to open at another Broadway house, the Longacre Theatre, on March 29, 1917. Like the Princess Theatre shows, it featured modern American settings, eschewing operetta traditions of foreign locales and elaborate scenery. The authors sought to have the humor flow from the plot situations, rather than from musical set pieces. In 1918, Dorothy Parker described in "Vanity Fair" how the team's shows integrated story and music: "Bolton and Wodehouse and Kern are my favorite indoor sport. I like the way they go about a musical comedy. ... I like the way the action slides casually into the songs. ... I like the deft rhyming of the song that is always sung in the last act by two comedians and a comedienne. And oh, how I do like Jerome Kern's music." 
"Leave It to Jane" ran for a modestly successful 167 performances, directed by Edward Royce and choreographed by David Bennett. Though the critics liked the music and lyrics, as well as the cast generally, they were most impressed by Georgia O'Ramey in the comedy role of Flora. An Off-Broadway revival opened on May 25, 1959 at the Sheridan Square Playhouse and ran for two years (958 performances), and the cast recorded the show's first cast album, starring Kathleen Murray (later Kathleen Hallor) as Jane. A young George Segal had a small part. The show is occasionally still staged, including a 1985 production at Goodspeed Opera House starring Rebecca Luker.
Synopsis.
On the first day of the new school term, at "Good Old Atwater" College in Indiana is having difficulty assembling a first-rate football team to pit against its arch-rival school, Bingham. Matty McGowan, the team's coach, is discouraged. "Stub" Talmadge returns from vacation with news of a prospect, "Silent" Murphy, a muscular ex-piano mover who will be a great center; they just need to convince the President that Murphy is a real student. Bessie, Stub's girlfriend, is the local golf champ; the two wonder about married life ("A Peach of a Life"). Stub is trying to avoid Flora Wiggins and her mother, to whom he owes $18 in back rent for the room at their boarding house.
Beautiful Jane Witherspoon is much sought after by the college boys and even by Professor Talbot, who has a crush on her, but her philosophy is to "Wait 'Til Tomorrow", but everyone knows that if there is a problem, "Leave It to Jane". Her father, the President of Atwater, gets a visit from his old friend Hiram Bolton, a chief donor to the rival Bingham College. On Bolton's way out Stub foolishly bets him that Atwater will beat Bingham in the big Thanksgiving Day game. Bessie arrives with news that the all-American halfback, Billy Bolton of Minnesota, is joining the team at Bingham; they realize that he must be Hiram Bolton's son. If he joins Bingham, Atwater's chances are zero. Bessie asks Jane to help lure Billy Bolton to Atwater with promises of academic and athletic success and possible romance. 
On meeting her, the handsome Billy is enchanted; Jane turns on the charm for the good of the school: it's an emergency after all! ("The Crickets Are Calling"). Jane plans for Billy to enroll at Atwater under an assumed name to fool her father. Hon. Elan Hicks is a southern politician who has secured a place at Atwater for his shy and gawky son, Bub. Nevertheless, Bub hits it off with the waitress daughter of Stub's landlady, Flora ("Cleopatterer"), and he begins to become fashionable. Meanwhile, Jane tricks Billy into giving her his fraternity pin and attending that evening's formal dance at Atwater. It pains Jane to be misleading Billy. She wryly notes that modern women are not so different from the legendary sirens.
At the ball that evening, Jane uses all of her seductive powers on Billy, who eventually agrees to stay at Atwater and change his name to Elmer Staples. All are delighted with this outcome ("*Something to Say"), and all assume that Jane will dump Billy after the big game is over.
Outside the stadium the following Thanksgiving Day, everyone is excited about the big game ("Football Song"). The game is close, and, unfortunately, "Silent" Murphy suffers an injury. Senator Hicks is appalled to find that his son, Bub, has become quite a "sport" at college ("The Days of Chivalry", a/k/a Sir Galahad). Hiram Bolton has discovered the deception and is furious. When he accuses Jane of using her feminine wiles to ensnare his son, she pretends to swoon into Billy's arms, instructing the boys and Stub to get rid of Bolton until after the game. They manhandle him into a taxi, and Billy wins the game with an impressive run. Everyone is overjoyed at Atwater, Stub and Bessie proclaim their love ("The Sun Shines Brighter"), and all the boys describe what sort of girl they have been seeking.
Billy's father tells his son that Jane has fooled him, and heartbroken Billy decides to leave Atwater. Stub then demands that Bolton pay up on their bet. Bolton is unexpectedly impressed that, after having kidnapped him, Stub would show such initiative and nerve, and so he offers Stub a job. Bub, thinks that with Billy out of the picture, Jane will be on the market, and he breaks his engagement with Flora. It's not all bad news for Flora, however, as Stub pays off his debt for rent, she gets an offer from coach McGowan. Happy about the money from his winnings, Stubs and Bessie become engaged. Just as Billy prepares to leave, Jane begs his forgiveness for her deception but reveals that she has fallen in love with him. Billy must honor his agreement to take a job with his father, but he asks Jane to wait for him, and all ends happily.
Critical reception.
The musical received good notices. The critic Gilbert Seles commented that Wodehouse's lyrics "had the great virtue which Gilbert's lyrics had and which, I am told, the comic verses of Molière and Aristophanes also have: they say things as simply as you would say them in common speech, yet they sing perfectly." In "The New York Evening World", Charles Darnton praised "Mr. Kern's sprightly tunes and ... verses that added to the joy of song. You are sure to like "Leave It to Jane."" "The New York Times" praised the cast generally, but the paper was most impressed by Georgia O'Ramey in the comedy role of Flora.
In other media.
Excerpts from the musical are featured in the 1946 MGM Jerome Kern tribute "Till the Clouds Roll By", in which June Allyson plays Jane and sings "Cleopatterer".

</doc>
<doc id="31083372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083372" title="Eddie Cochran Great Hits">
Eddie Cochran Great Hits

Eddie Cochran Great Hits was the sixth album posthumously released in the US after Eddie Cochran's death in 1960. 
Content.
The album was released on the Liberty Records label in 1983. The catalogue number was LN-10204. The liner notes were written by Brian Setzer of the Stray Cats.
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="31083375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083375" title="The Doctor and the Girl">
The Doctor and the Girl

The Doctor and the Girl (1949) is a drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Glenn Ford. It is also known as Bodies and Souls.
Plot Summary.
Michael Corday comes from a family of physicians, and upon completing his own medical degree, he moves back to New York City and starts an internship at Bellevue Hospital.
Back in the city, Michael starts criticizing his sister Mariette's fiancé George Esmond of marrying because he wants to be part of their distinguished and renowned family. At the hospital he is criticized himself for poor performance by his older and more experienced colleague, Dr. Granville, in the E.R. 
After a string of malicious rumors about Michael start circulating around the hospital, he decides that he will have to make an effort, so he takes extra good care of a patient by the name of Evelyn, who is a young poor woman working in a candy store. Before long Michael falls in love with Evelyn, much to his father's dismay.
Fabienne, who is Michael's youngest sister, leaves the family home to live alone in the Grennwich Village. To save the family reputation, Michael's father gets the elder brother Frank to pay Evelyn a sum of money to stay away from Michael. When Michael learns of the money, he starts roaming the streets in a desperate search for Evelyn. He finds her in the candy store and decides to take care of her until she has recovered enough to marry him. Together they open up a medical practice in a poorer neighborhood on Third Avenue.
Misfortune lands on the family and Michael's father falls ill. Mariette puts her wedding plans on hold to nurse her father. One night Fabienne turns up at Michael's doorstep, sick after having an illegal abortion. She has lost too much blood and dies shortly after. Michael slowly changes his ways when treating the poor people at his practice. With Evelyn by his side, he develops a great deal of empathy and decides to continue with his work at the practice instead of pursuing a more profitable medical career. 
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,326,000 in the US and Canada and $562,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $184,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31083379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083379" title="Peggy Thorpe-Bates">
Peggy Thorpe-Bates

Peggy Thorpe-Bates (11 August 1914 – 26 December 1989) was an English actress who appeared in the first three series of "Rumpole of the Bailey" as Rumpole's fearsome wife. She also appeared in numerous other supporting roles on both stage and screen. She was married to fellow actor Brian Oulton.

</doc>
<doc id="31083383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083383" title="Matthew Cleal">
Matthew Cleal

Matthew William Cleal (born 23 July 1969) played first-class and List A cricket for Somerset from 1988 to 1991. He was born at Yeovil, Somerset.
Cleal was a right-handed lower-order batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who, with his links to club cricket in Yeovil, was inevitably compared in his brief first-class cricket career to Ian Botham, though his bowling was not as fast. He played for Somerset's second eleven in 1987 and made his first-class debut in the match against the West Indians at Taunton in May 1988, taking four wickets for 41 runs in the touring side's first innings. These remained his best first-class bowling figures, though he played eight further matches in 1988 and six more in 1989 for Somerset. As a batsman, his best first-class score came in 1989, with an innings of 30 in the match against Leicestershire and a share of a last-wicket partnership of 70 with Adrian Jones, whose unbeaten 43 was also his highest first-class score. Two seasons, though, were the limit of his first-class career, which was ended by back injury.
In List A cricket, he was able to play longer, turning out for Somerset in a few games each season until 1991. He was not successful as a one-day bowler, taking only five wickets in 17 matches and never more than one in any innings.
His career ended by his back injury, Cleal returned to education, took both school and university examinations and qualified as a schoolmaster. he is on the staff of Malvern College. Cleal's cheerfulness in adversity brought a warm tribute from his former Somerset captain, Peter Roebuck, who wrote: "Cleal was a young all-rounder from Yeovil whose career would be cut short by a back injury. Having left school early with a chequered report, he had put all his eggs in the cricketing basket. Not until bad luck befell him did his true character emerge. Undaunted, he went back to school, studied alongside boys five years younger than he was, passed his exams, advanced to college, took his degree and proceeded with a master's course which was passed with flying colours...As a cricketer he had his days, once winning a match at Old Trafford with a straight six. As his character inspires warmth, so his achievements command respect."

</doc>
<doc id="31083402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083402" title="Erling Kroner">
Erling Kroner

Erling Kroner (16 April 1943 – 2 March 2011) was a Danish trombonist and bandleader.
Kroner was born in Copenhagen, Denmark, but gained music education at Berklee College of Music in Boston during 1969–70 and 1973–74, though he played professionally as early as 1961, amongst others in Germany in the Dixieland Stompers. Kroner shortly after played avantgarde music, with saxophonist John Tchicai, and rock in Melvis & His Gentlemen. Beginning in 1967 Kroner played formed his own group, which remained in existence for the rest of his life, and which primarily was a quintet or tentet.
During the 1970s Kroner played in NDR's Big Band in Hamburg. From 1973 to 1986, Kroner was also a member of the DR Big Band and played in Leif Johanssons orchestra and Lasse Beijboms band – White Orange. From mid-1990s he was bandleader of a big orchestra together with Lasse Beijbom – The Beijbom-Kroner Big Band. In 2004 Kroner and the American baritone saxophonist Ed Epstein formed the band Bari-Bone Connection, who recorded the album "Bari My Heart".
Erling Kroner died at his home in Copenhagen on 2 March 2011 surrounded by family after suffering from cancer for an extended period.

</doc>
<doc id="31083408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083408" title="Robert Coombs (cricketer)">
Robert Coombs (cricketer)

Robert Vincent Jerome Coombs (born 20 July 1959) played first-class cricket for Somerset in 1985 and 1986. He was born at Barnet, Hertfordshire. 
Coombs was a tall left-arm orthodox spin bowler and a tail-end right-handed batsman. Educated at Exeter University, he had played Minor Counties cricket for Dorset and second eleven cricket for Hampshire before arriving at Somerset in 1985. Brought into the first-team late in an unexpectedly poor season for the county side, Coombs made an immediate impact, taking the first five Middlesex wickets to fall in a rain-ruined match at Weston-super-Mare at a cost of 58 runs. In a soggy end to the 1985 season, Coombs bowled in only three further first-class innings spread across three rain-affected matches, but he took 11 further wickets in those and his 16 wickets at an average of 16.75 put him at the top of Somerset's bowling for the season. "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" noted approvingly his "good bowling action and attacking bent". More frequent games in 1986, however, brought little success and the bowling figures from his first match remained the best of his short first-class career. In 1987, he was back playing Minor Counties cricket for Dorset and remained there until 1990. He did not play any List A cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="31083409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083409" title="Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election, 2000">
Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election, 2000

Parliamentary elections were held in Kyrgyzstan on 20 February 2000, with a second round on 12 March. The Union of Democratic Forces, an alliance of Asaba, the Party of Economic Revival, the Social Democratic Party and the Unity Party, emerged as the largest bloc in Parliament, with 12 of the 105 seats. 
Voter turnout was 64.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="31083420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083420" title="Tahseen Jabbary">
Tahseen Jabbary

Tahseen Jabbary is a Dutch professional association football coach.
Jabbary was coach of Syrian team Al-Majd at the 2009 AFC Cup. He later coached the Omani team Al Arouba.

</doc>
<doc id="31083427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083427" title="Close to nature forestry">
Close to nature forestry

Close to nature forestry is a theory and practice that takes the forest as an ecosystem and manages it as such. It is based оn reduced human intervention, that should be directed to accelerate the processes that nature would do by itself more slowly. It aims at overcoming the divorce between forestalist and ecologist management systems of forest. As an important consequence, it concludes that if properly applied, it would render the segregation of forest lands into "productive" and "reserves" or national parks unnecessary.
History.
Europe
The Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Naturgemässe Waldwirtschaft (ANW) () was established in Germany in 1950. In recent years this association has increased a lot its membership. The main reasons being the increase of ecological consciousness, the growing demand for forest products or services other than wood, the damages suffered by regular forest stands, the forest death fear.
Because of a 1948 forest law, Slovenia has many forests managed according the principles of close to nature forestry. In 1989 ANW promoted a meeting at Robanov Kot, in the Julian Alps, and the ProSilva organization was created, with representatives of 10 countries. At present the organization headquarters are in the French region of Alsace.
North America
In the United States professor Thom McEvoy has published the book "Positive Impact Forestry", that recommends forestry practices similar to those of the "close to nature" movement. He thinks that the precursors of this type of forestry are to be found in Europe, mainly in Germany, and particularly makes mention of Heinrich Cotta, and his famous "Cotta's Preface", that highlighted the importance that the study and understanding of nature should have for the foresters. As a more immediate precursor he makes reference to American forester and ecologist Aldo Leopold.
The Ecoforestry Institute consists on educational, non profit and non governmental organizations operating in US and Canada. They propose a forestry based on ecological principles, very similar to those of Pro Silva.
Forest management/ecosystem management.
The "close to nature" approach intends to bridge the discrepancies, or even antagonisms between the "silvicultural" and "ecological" visions on the single reality of forest, considering the forest as an ecological system that produces wood. The sought after solution is not to segregate the territory into areas devoted to either forestry or ecology, but to integrate all functions.
Objective.
The management has to obtain healthy and stable forest systems that produce wood with a minimum human intervention. The products to obtain, other than wood, are fauna habitats, biodiversity, recreational, aesthetics, and water management. The human action has the object of accelerating natural processes, but not substitute them.
Silvicultural models.
ProSilva recommends to use the "uneven-aged forest" system, in which the ages, and consequently sizes, of trees in a forest are different. It has the advantage to offer a stable structure regarding natural disasters and plagues, and is very adequate for fauna habitat and biodiversity promotion. It provides a better soil protection, since there is a permanent tree cover.
McEvoy considers that in spite of being the most close to nature system, it is difficult to implement, and proposes to use the "high regular forest" model, in which all trees are of the same age/size, but recommends using a regeneration system with a generous cover, to avoid soil erosion, and prevent excessive light entrance, that would promote the growth of a potent understorey.
The Ecoforestry Institute, similarly to Pro Silva, recommends multi-aged and multi-species forests.
Recommended practices.
Proposed thinning frequency is about ten years, and intensity low, in order to limit the ingress of excessive light, that could promote too much understory, or the growing of epicormic shoots. It has to be directed to favor the trees that show good prospect for the future. The operations have to be done in a way that will avoid soil compaction or damage to the trees that will remain standing.
Native/introduced species.
When foresters plant trees, they may use either native or introduced species. Whenever foresters decide to use a species that is not native, they do it because they think that there are silvicultural advantages linked to this choice, be they the wood quality, ease of management, adaptation to the climatic conditions, shorter production delay, etc. It may be that there is information available about the behavior of this species in the habitat, or the forester is ready to make a trial.
From the ecological point of view, the introducing species is considered as a threat. The introduced species risks being invasive. Invasives displace local species, resulting in a reduction of biodiversity, a condition also to be expected if great extensions are forested using introduced species.
Professor McEvoy is very clear and strict: introduced species can not be used at all when working in a "close to nature forestry" system. Prof Silva makes some distinctions, based on species and conditions. Natural forest systems are to be preserved, but the enrichment with certain introduced species may be positive, depending on circumstances.
ProSilva recommendations 
Herbivore fauna management.
The herbivore fauna, be it domesticated or wild, acts on tree seedlings and small trees. In "high regular forests", the regeneration periods are chosen by the forester, and therefore it is possible to establish some control over fauna action, particularly domesticated fauna, avoiding grazing during regeneration. The un-even aged forest is continuously regenerating, and therefore it is difficult to make it compatible with grazing, and does not admit a high density of wild herbivore fauna. The pressure of herbivore fauna, mainly cervids, in some European forests, has reached an intensity that is threatening the practice of "close to nature forestry".
Economic aspects.
Forestry's economic profitability has progressively diminished in developed countries, beginning at the end of the 20th century. This has been the result of lower lumber prices and higher operating costs. Because it requires less human intervention, the "close to nature forestry" has lower labor costs. Also, it encourages the evolution of forests toward higher ecologic and landscape value structures. This is in demand by society, and the payment for ecosystem services is being considered.
Close to nature forestry/sustainable forestry.
Close to nature forestry is a sustainable forestry, but the reverse does not apply. These are some of the distinctions between both systems.

</doc>
<doc id="31083431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083431" title="Martin Benson">
Martin Benson

Martin Benson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31083447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083447" title="Four Corners Generating Station">
Four Corners Generating Station

The Four Corners Generating Station is a coal-fired power plant located near Fruitland, New Mexico, United States, on property located within the Navajo Indian Reservation that is leased from the Navajo Nation.
Description.
The Four Corners Generating Station consists of five units with a total rated generating capacity of about 2,040 megawatts. Units 1, 2, and 3 have a combined generating capacity of 560 megawatts while units 4 and 5 each have a generating capacity of 770 MW.
The Arizona Public Service Company (APS) owns 100% of Units 1, 2, and 3, while Units 4 and 5 are operated by APS but owned by six companies, with APS owning 15%, Southern California Edison (SCE) 48%, Public Service Company of New Mexico 13%, Salt River Project 10%, Tucson Electric Power 7%, and El Paso Electric 7%.
The station is cooled using water from Morgan Lake, which is man-made and is replenished by about 28 million gallons of water each day from the San Juan River. The plant burns sub-bituminous coal delivered from the nearby Navajo Coal Mine by the Navajo Mine Railroad.
History.
The Four Corners Generating Station was constructed on property that was leased from the Navajo Nation in a renegotiated agreement that will expire in 2041. Unit 1 and Unit 2 were completed in 1963, Unit 3 was completed in 1964, Unit 4 was completed in 1969, and Unit 5 was completed in 1970.
In 1975, New Mexico enacted a tax on the generation of electricity and an in-state credit such that only electricity exported out-of-state was subject to the tax. Objections to this tax led to two United States Supreme Court cases. In "Arizona v. New Mexico" (1976), on a motion seeking to invoke the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, the court initially decided not to be involved and denied the motion, leaving the matter to the state court. The owners of Four Corners filed an action in state court to declare the tax invalid, leading to the United States Supreme Court decision "Arizona Public Service Co. v. Snead" (1979), which held that the tax violated the Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution.
In November 2010, APS announced that it would purchase the SCE share of Units 4 and 5, add air pollution control systems to these units, and shutdown Units 1, 2, and 3. Following the shutdown of Units 1 through 3, the capacity of Four Corners will be 1,540 megawatts. This proposed transaction is being reviewed by various regulatory authorities and should close in the last half of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31083448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083448" title="William Montagu (judge)">
William Montagu (judge)

Sir William Montagu SL (c.1618 – 26 August 1706) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1640 and 1695.
Life.
Montagu was the son of Edward Montagu, 1st Baron Montagu of Boughton. He was educated at Oundle School and admitted at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge on 15 April 1632. He was admitted at the Middle Temple on 22 October 1635.
In April 1640, Montagu was elected Member of Parliament for Huntingdon in the Short Parliament. He was called to the bar on 11 February 1642.
In 1660, Montagu was elected MP for Cambridge University in the Convention Parliament. He was elected MP for Stamford in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1676. He became attorney-general to the Queen in 1662, holding the post until 1676. He was Treasurer of the Middle Temple in 1663 and Autumn reader in 1664. In 1676 he became serjeant-at-law and was Chief Baron of the Exchequer from 1676 to 1686. He sat on the Bench at several of the Popish Plot trials, and appeared just as credulous as the other judges; but at the trial of Titus Oates for perjury in 1685, under pressure from Jeffreys, claimed that he had never thought Oates a credible witness. He was removed from the bench in 1686 because he refused to give an unqualified opinion in favour of the prerogative of dispensation. He was assessor to the Convention in 1689.
Montagu died in 1706 and was buried at Weekley.
Family.
Montagu married:

</doc>
<doc id="31083454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083454" title="Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 1994">
Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 1994

A constitutional referendum was held in Tajikistan on 6 November 1994. The new constitution was approved by 90% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="31083479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083479" title="Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 1999">
Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 1999

A constitutional referendum was held in Tajikistan on 26 September 1999. The changes included legalising religious political parties, introducing a bicameral parliament, and lengthening the president's term from five to seven years. They were approved by 75.3% of voters, with a turnout of 91.5%.

</doc>
<doc id="31083525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083525" title="Greatly Blessed">
Greatly Blessed

Greatly Blessed is an album from Contemporary Christian, Southern Gospel group Gaither Vocal Band. The album was released on August 10, 2010.
Awards.
At the 42nd GMA Dove Awards, "Greatly Blessed" won two Dove Awards: Southern Gospel Album of the Year and Southern Gospel Recorded Song of the Year for the song "Better Day". The group was also nominated for Group of the Year.
Chart performance.
The album peaked at #53 on Billboard 200 and #2 on Billboard's Christian Albums, where it spent 23 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="31083544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083544" title="Staffordville, Lethbridge">
Staffordville, Lethbridge

Staffordville, also originally known as "Number Three" or "Stafford", is a residential neighbourhood in the north quadrant of Lethbridge, Alberta. It is located north of Dave Elton ball park and east to Stafford Drive. It borders Legacy Ridge to the north and Westminster to the east. Staffordville was named after William Stafford, mining engineer for the North Western Coal and Navigation Company.
Staffordville was formerly a village north of the City of Lethbridge, located approximately north of Downtown Lethbridge. The village was annexed by the City of Lethbridge in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="31083545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083545" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's pole vault">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's pole vault

The Men's pole vault event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4–5, 2011 with the final being held on March 5 at 15:45 local time.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualification Performance 5.75 (Q) or at least 8 best performers advanced to the final. It was held at 16:15.
Final.
The final was held at 15:45.

</doc>
<doc id="31083557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083557" title="Love, Wedding, Marriage">
Love, Wedding, Marriage

Love, Wedding, Marriage is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Dermot Mulroney and starring Mandy Moore, Kellan Lutz, James Brolin, Jane Seymour and Christopher Lloyd.
Plot.
Ava (Mandy Moore) and Charlie (Kellan Lutz) are newlyweds that have been inspired by the 30-year marriage of Ava's parents, Bradley (James Brolin) and Betty (Jane Seymour) when Ava decides to throw them a surprise anniversary party. But when Betty finds out about an affair Bradley had 25 years ago, she refuses to live with him, which then forces Ava into moving her father into her house, without consulting Charlie. She promises her new husband that it will only be for a short while. Being a marriage counselor, Ava tries and starts to obsess over fixing her parents' marriage so much that it starts to affect her relationship with Charlie. Their marriage starts to deteriorate when they stop having sex and becomes worse when their friend Gerber and new Polish wife, Kasia, whom he had met the night before, show up and he tells Ava about Charlie’s first marriage 10 years ago, that she never knew about. When she hears about it, she becomes upset and Charlie tries to explain that it was a long time ago and he was under the influence of alcohol when it happened. 
When Ava decides to send her parents to another therapist, the therapist suggests doing a rock climbing exercise to help build trust. One partner climbs while the other holds the rope for support. During the exercise, Ava's parents get into an argument and her father leaves the rope, leaving Betty suspended in air calling for help. Ava leaves her own rope to help her mother, leaving Charlie suspended without any support, which results in him falling and injuring his back and neck. When Ava tries to apologize, Charlie warns her that her distracted behavior is causing an increasing gulf between them.
Ava is still planning the anniversary party in secret when her mother tells her she’s leaving on a trip to Asia in 10 days for 6 months. She comes up with a plan to bring her parents together and enlists Charlie’s help to take her father out for a guys night. When Charlie and Bradley meet up with Gerber at a bar, the trio winds up at a strip club and spend the night becoming incredibly intoxicated. When they get home to find Ava with her mother, Bradley tells Betty that she can leave because he’s going to marry a hot, young girl from Europe, something he had heard Gerber say. Ava scolds Charlie for his behavior and ruining her plan which then leads to him complaining about their sex life.
When Ava’s sister Shelby (Jessica Szohr) takes Betty speed dating, Bradley is back at home with Ava when he takes a few sleeping pills and falls asleep. Ava flushes the rest of the pills down the toilet and calls 9-1-1 to make it look like a suicide. During that time, Betty has the realization that no man could ever replace Bradley and even more so when she finds out that he’s in the hospital. Charlie asks Ava about the number of pills Bradley had taken, and she admits that she had created the whole incident in an attempt to bring her parents together. Charlie yells at Ava for her manipulative behavior, and storms out of the hospital. When Ava gets home that night, she discovers that Charlie has left, leaving a note saying that he’s at Gerber’s. The next day, Ava goes to Charlie’s office to apologize, and asks him to come back home. He replies that “he can't answer that right now”. She invites him to her parents' 30th anniversary party, which is now back on, but he declines, saying that he isn't in the mood for celebrating. Upon hearing this, Ava becomes enraged and accuses Charlie of having an affair with his secretary, Adriana. He denies that there is an affair, questions her motives for marrying him, suggesting that perhaps she had only done so to boost her career and lend credibility to her marriage counseling business. Ava is stunned, and leaves.
The next day, Gerber kicks Charlie out because Kasia’s family comes to visit. When Charlie hears Gerber talk to his wife in Polish, and asks him about it, Gerber says that if you love someone and want to live a successful married life, you have to accept and respect their family as well. Charlie goes to find Ava who is at her parent’s party. They meet after Ava has the realization that it’s her own fault for the way their marriage is and wanted to apologize. Charlie redoes his marriage vows and Ava responds, "I do." Charlie suggests going back to the party, but Ava suggests they consummate their marriage instead.
Reception.
Reviews for the film have been overwhelmingly negative. "The Los Angeles Times" called it "an emotional wreck of major proportions". "Slant Magazine" said it was "wooden and shallow". "The Hollywood Reporter" called it "a flat romantic comedy" [...] "that would have seemed insipid even in 1953". They added that Mandy Moore came across as a "high school student" and that "Lutz's dyed blond hair does nothing to encourage taking him seriously." "The Village Voice" said it was full of "half-hearted melodramatics and schmaltzy bromides". "The New York Times" said Kellan Lutz looks like a "Ken-doll husband," suggesting "more success in bench-pressing than grape-crushing." They added the film felt like "punishment for a crime you can’t remember committing".
The film currently holds a rare 0% on the Rotten Tomatoes review site based on 18 critic reviews, and a 26% approval rating among audience members (out of 1,364 ratings).

</doc>
<doc id="31083560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083560" title="1993–94 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season">
1993–94 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season

During the 1993–94 English football season, Queens Park Rangers F.C. competed in the FA Premier League. They finished the season in 9th place.
Season summary.
Queens Park Rangers had another strong season, though they dipped slightly in the final table to finish ninth, a year after they had finished above all the other London clubs in fifth place. Manager Gerry Francis was even linked with the England job when Graham Taylor quit, but it went to Terry Venables - a former QPR manager himself.
Once again, striker Les Ferdinand was prolific up front and his name was constantly linked with big-money moves to top clubs as well as a regular England place. The rest of the squad performed solidly without attracting many headlines.
Final league table.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
1 Arsenal qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup as defending champions
2 Aston Villa qualified for the UEFA Cup as League Cup winners
3 Chelsea qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup as FA Cup runners-up
P = Games Played; W = Games Won; D = Games Drawn; L = Games Lost; F = Goals For; A = Goals Against; Pts = Points
Results.
"Queens Park Rangers' score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31083561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083561" title="Monona County Courthouse">
Monona County Courthouse

The Monona County Courthouse, located in Onawa, Iowa, United States, was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first county seat for Monona County was Ashton. Onawa became the county seat in 1855 and the county offices were located in Mechanics’ Hall. The citizens of the town raised $12,500 for a courthouse in order to retain the county seat. After Onawa won a challenge against East Mapleton a $7,000 courthouse was completed in 1858. The present courthouse was built in 1892 in the Romanesque Revival style.

</doc>
<doc id="31083578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083578" title="I Am the Walrus (American Dad!)">
I Am the Walrus (American Dad!)

"I Am the Walrus" is the thirteenth episode of the seventh season of "American Dad!", first airing on Fox in the United States on March 27, 2011. It mainly centers around Stan and his son Steve, who are both competing for the dominant role of the house. Steve is the first person to finish his meal, much to Stan's dismay. Stan becomes intimidated by his son, and he is afraid that his stance as the alpha male of the household will be dethroned. Meanwhile, Hayley and Jeff are suffering marital relationship problems, so they seek marriage counseling.
"I Am the Walrus" was directed by Tim Parsons, with Jennifer Graves serving as co-director for the episode, and was written by Keith Heisler. It featured guest appearances from Jeff Fischer, as well as several recurring actors and actresses for the series. Most critics gave the episode positive reviews, with much of the praise stemming from the main storyline, and it was viewed by over 4.9 million viewers, acquiring a 3.0 rating in the 18-49 demographic upon its initial airing, according to the Nielsen ratings.
Plot.
The Smith family have dinner together, and Stan talks about the events that occurred on a documentary on animals that aired earlier. Shortly after the conversation, Steve is the first person to finish his meal, much to Stan's surprise. Stan later becomes insecure about the incident, and he is afraid that his stance as the alpha male of the household will be dethroned. The next morning, when Steve is watching a movie on television, Stan abruptly pushes him off the couch and claims it as his "territory" by peeing all over it. Steve becomes furious, and he tells Francine about the situation in the kitchen. Francine tells him that Stan is intimidated by him, and that he feels that he will be dethroned of his dominance by him. Puzzled, Steve talks to Stan about the issue and openly challenges him of his position as the dominant person in the household. Though Steve manages to outdo him in everything, Stan is inspired by a walrus documentary to do the one thing his son can not do: have sex. Turning to Roger for help, Steve is suggested to go to a party to get laid. Informed by Klaus of this, Stan rushes to the party to stop his son. However, upon arriving there, Stan learns that Steve's various attempts to have sex with a girl failed miserably as the boy is having a mental breakdown. Roger explains now there's no threat to Steve challenging Stan, and no threat of Steve's future son (whom shall never be born) challenging him. Stan later apologizes to him, and admits to having failed to raise him to be a man. 
In concurrence with the chain of events, after continuously getting into arguments, Jeff and Hayley decide to take marriage counseling. They arrive at a class dedicated to pottery where the session is intended to start at, learning the counselor to be Principal Lewis. Hayley opts out of the session, but Jeff insists that she stay with the plan. The couple later arrive at Principal Lewis' home, which is a pigsty, where he tells him that their first goal to accomplish is to clean his house. Confused, Hayley and Jeff refuse to do it, forcing Lewis to hold them at gunpoint to do the laborious tasks. Jeff later pulls out drugs that have the ability to paralyze, and Principal Lewis takes them and Hayley and Jeff steal his rare Mickey Mouse watch and escape. He returns to get the watch back and tells he has fixed Hayley and Jeff's relationship. After he gets his watch back, he takes more of the "Stephen Hawking pills" and is later used by Stan to teach Steve how to shave and Roger drags him away for unknown (but quite possibly sexual) reasons.
Production.
"I Am the Walrus" was directed by series regular Tim Parsons, in his second episode of the season. This would be the first episode that Parsons would direct since the season six episode "100 A.D.". Jennifer Graves served as the co-director for the episode. It was written by series regular Keith Heisler. This would be the second time Heisler has written an episode for the season, having also written season six episode "100 A.D.". Seth MacFarlane, the creator and executive producer of "American Dad!", as well as its sister shows "Family Guy" and "The Cleveland Show", served as the executive producer for the episode, along with series veterans Mike Barker, Rick Wiener, Matt Weitzman, Eli Dolleman, and Kenny Schwartz. Diana Retchey was the animation producer for the episode, in her tenth episode of the season. Amanda Bell served as the production manager, and this episode would be Bell's tenth episode of the season where she served as the production manager.
Several recurring voice actors were featured in this episode. Curtis Armstrong, Daisuke Suzuki and Eddie Kaye Thomas guest starred as Steve's friends in the episode, while Kevin Michael Richardson would return to play his part as Principal Lewis. Jeff Fischer would return to resume his role as Hayley's husband. Armstrong, Suzuki, Thomas, and Richardson all previously reprised their roles in the season six episode "You Debt Your Life", while Fischer previously reprised his role in the season six episode "For Whom the Sleigh Bell Tolls".
Cultural references.
The episode makes several references to pop culture referencing films, music and media. When Roger takes on a persona to help Steve lose his virginity Steve exclaims his excitement to finally being able to use his dance moves. Afterwards the scene cuts to Toshi, Berry, Steve, Snot and Roger taking turns humping an ottoman in a nod to a video, that went viral in 2009, in which five teenagers danced similarly. The song "Pony" by Ginuwine plays during this sequence. Steve and Roger get distracted from the problem with Stan with watching "Airplane!" after they quote the classic "Don't call me Shirley" scene. They even watch "", which Steve says is better than the first film, but actual reception was generally negative. The title of the episode is a reference to The Beatles' song of the same name. The sequence where Steve picks up a line of comic books and repeatedly says "Ooh!", is a call back to the "Family Guy" episodes "Peter's Got Woods" and "Back to the Woods", in which James Woods eats a trail of candy and says "Ooh, a piece of candy!" repeatedly.
Reception.
"I Am the Walrus" was first broadcast on March 27, 2011 as part of the animation television night on Fox. The episode ended the line-up, the first time an "American Dad!" episode ended the animation television night on Fox since the season-six episode "For Whom the Sleigh Bell Tolls". It was the first new episode of "American Dad!" shortly following a month-long hiatus. It was preceded by "The Simpsons", "Bob's Burgers", and a rerun of its sister show "Family Guy". Its other relative show, "The Cleveland Show", was notably absent, as it did not air on that date. It was viewed by 4.9 million viewers upon its original airing, despite airing simultaneously with "Celebrity Apprentice" on NBC, "Undercover Boss" on CBS, and a rerun of "Desperate Housewives" on ABC. The total viewership of the episode was slightly higher than "Bob's Burgers", but significantly lower than "Family Guy" and "The Simpsons". It achieved a 3.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic group, according to the Nielson ratings, the third highest rating in the line-up. The episode's total viewership and ratings were significantly up from the previous episode, "You Debt Your Life", which was viewed by 4.25 million viewers upon its initial airing, and garnered a 2.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic. The episode's ratings and total viewership were also the highest since the season six episode "For Whom the Sleigh Bell Tolls", which was viewed by 6.26 million viewers and acquired a 3.1 rating in the 18-49 demographic.
"I Am the Walrus" was met with mostly positive reviews from critics. Rowan Kaiser of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a positive review. In his review for the episode, he opined: "The episode itself didn't disappoint either, as [...] this was a quality half-hour of jokes. Kaiser praised the argument between Stan and Steve, calling it a "superb sequence". Concluding his review, Kaiser went on to write, "Despite all the absurdity, the episode even manages to successfully come around to an emotional resolution when Stan, realizing that Steve is an utter failure at attempted mating, resolves to see Steve as a son instead of potential masculine competition. Then [...] there's a rape joke. But, it being American Dad, it's actually a surprisingly funny rape joke." He went on to give the episode an "A-", scoring higher than "The Simpsons" episode "Love Is a Many Strangled Thing", but scoring lower than "Bob's Burgers" episode "Spaghetti Western and Meatballs". Jason Hughes of "TV Squad" also reacted positively, writing, "It was good to have "American Dad" back in the lineup. Roger was in fine form, and I can at least appreciate that they're trying to figure out how to make Hayley and Jeff work in the family dynamic. They never quite got there with Hayley alone, so maybe things will work better this way." However, he was more critical on the sub-plot. In his review for the episode, Hughes opined: "The B-story left me wanting. The writers are still trying to figure out the new dynamic of having Hayley married and Jeff living in the house with the Smiths. The whole thing has been barely addressed, and this week we got a fairly weak exploration of them having fairly standard marital problems."

</doc>
<doc id="31083588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083588" title="Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 2003">
Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 2003

A constitutional referendum was held in Tajikistan on 22 June 2003. The changes included removing Article 65, which limited the President to a single term of office. They were approved by 93% of voters, with a turnout of 96%.

</doc>
<doc id="31083605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083605" title="Alex Adams (disambiguation)">
Alex Adams (disambiguation)

Alex Adams is a basketball coach.
Alex Adams is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31083609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083609" title="Matera Centrale railway station">
Matera Centrale railway station

Matera Centrale is the main railway station in the Italian town of Matera, in Basilicata. It is owned by the "Ferrovie Appulo Lucane" (FAL), a private company based in Bari, and is the nearest station to the Sassi.
History.
The station was opened in 1915, as the southern terminal of the line from Bari and Altamura. In 1928 the Matera-Miglionico stretch was opened, part of the line to Ferrandina and Montalbano Jonico, which operated between 1932 and 1972. Originally a surface station, it was transformed into an underground station.
Structure.
The station is located in the town's centre in Piazza della Visitazione along Aldo Moro street, near the town hall. The old two-floor station building (), preserved, is next to the modern one, located near a car park built over the original sidings. The modern structure is a one-floor square building with a pair of columns at its entrance. It has a pedestrian underpass to the platforms, serving two narrow gauge tracks (950 mm). The line is not electrified.
Transport.
It is served, like the other two stations in the city, Matera Sud (the line terminal) and Matera Villa Longo, by several regional trains to Altamura and Bari Centrale. three other minor stops, Matera Campo Sportivo, Matera Serra Rifusa and Matera Rondinelle, are no longer served by passenger traffic.
A project to rebuild the line to Ferrandina, which has a station on the Battipaglia-Potenza-Metaponto line (linking Salerno and Taranto), has been considered by the "Ferrovie dello Stato". Works for the line, projected to use the , started in 1986 to give Matera a direct rail link to the national network, following in part the former route. Due to lack of funds construction has ceased, with the works incomplete and structures abandoned. Due to the distance to the town's centre (7 km) of the partly built new FS station, which is located in the "frazione" of La Martella, it has been proposed to use the former route south of the town and to upgrade Matera Centrale, rebuilt as a multi-level underground station or simply enlarged.

</doc>
<doc id="31083613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083613" title="Mattracks Inc.">
Mattracks Inc.

Mattracks was started by the company’s CEO, Glen Brazier. The company developed out of a product conceived from a drawing by his 11-year-old son, Matt. The rubber track conversion system was first manufactured in Thief River Falls, Minnesota in 1992. Later, production was moved to its current location in the community of Karlstad, Minnesota.
Mattracks, Inc. was incorporated in 1995, at that time the company employed six people, manufacturing and marketing the original model of the Mattracks rubber track conversion system. The original Mattracks system was sold primarily in U. S. markets as well as in Canada. Mattracks added sales staff in 1999 to address growing interests in their products from the international market.
In 2002 with 30 employees, Mattracks launched the LiteFoot ATV track conversion systems, adding to the Mattracks rubber track conversion product line up.
Since 1994 Mattracks has created 72 different models of tracks that can go on 4 wheel drive vehicles, ATVS, Tractors, and Trailers.
Mattracks also produces a motorized snowboard called the Powerboard.
History.
Mattracks are used for recreation, work, commercial and agricultural applications, Mattracks can equip most 4 wheel drive vehicles from a small ATV to trucks up to 25,000 lbs. The rubber track system simply bolts on an independent track unit in place of each vehicle wheel. One or two people with hand tools and a floor jack can easily install the entire Mattracks system.
Uses.
Mattracks have been used for a variety of applications, both for work and recreational purposes. Mattracks equipped vehicles have been used to travel over difficult terrain.
Mattracks equipped vehicles have been used for oil & gas, installing and servicing telecommunications systems, construction, mining, drilling, logging, forestry, surveying, power transmission lines and pipeline construction. These track systems have also been put to work in other industries including: agricultural, law enforcement, search and rescue, emergency services and government agencies.
They are also used in Humvees.
Origins of Innovation.
Mattracks is the result of the imagination of a then 11-year-old Matt Brazier along with the innovation of his father, Glen Brazier.
“My son came to me with a drawing,” Glen Brazier said, holding the sketch of a large truck with tracks instead of tires. “He said, ‘Dad can we make something like this?’ and we went from there.” 
Glen Brazier formed Mattracks Incorporated and after three years of engineering, development, and testing, the first set of Mattracks named after the young boy, “Matt”, went on sale in 1994.
Mattracks Worldwide.
Since the 1994 introduction, Mattracks have been sold on all 7 continents and in over 72 countries. Mattracks are being used by various domestic and foreign government agencies, search and rescue units, maintenance and engineering crews, commercial users and recreational users.

</doc>
<doc id="31083623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083623" title="Nathan Phelps">
Nathan Phelps

Nathan "Nate" Phelps (born November 22, 1958) is an American-born Canadian author, LGBT rights activist, and public speaker on the topics of religion and child abuse. He is the sixth of the thirteen children of deceased Pastor Fred Phelps, from whom he — along with three of his siblings — has been estranged since his eighteenth birthday in 1976 to his father's death in 2014. Phelps permanently left Westboro Baptist Church in 1980 and has since publicly censured the group.
Other members of the Phelps family have also left, most recently Zach Phelps-Roper in February 2014.
Early life.
Phelps was born in Topeka, Kansas on November 22, 1958. From birth until age 18, Phelps lived with his parents Fred and Margie in Topeka, Kansas. Although he attended a local public school, beyond that his life revolved around his father's Westboro Baptist Church (WBC), which adjoined their family home inside a walled compound. Attendance at scheduled sermons was strictly enforced, and after school time was largely committed to raising money for the Church through selling candy. Later this was eclipsed by participation in his father's intensive exercise program, which would routinely involve Phelps and his siblings running 5 or 10 miles after school, accompanied by participation in a fad diet.
Phelps describes his father as "deeply prejudiced", and also violent and abusive, and gives accounts of receiving extended beatings with a leather strap and later with a mattock handle. Phelps' brother Mark and sister Dortha have corroborated Phelps' claims of physical abuse by their father.
Leaving Westboro.
On his 18th birthday Phelps left his family home. Still in internal conflict, he abandoned his family and the WBC, despite his then deeply held belief that this meant he would go immediately to hell. In great fear of having his escape interrupted by his abusive father, Phelps made a clandestine night time getaway in an old car he had bought specifically for this purpose, with little plan or preparation beyond this. He slept the first night in the men's room of a nearby gas station.
Phelps left WBC prior to the start of the Church's high-profile picketing activities, and has attributed the onset of Church picketing to his father's exclusion from the legal profession.
Kansas and California: from faith to atheism.
After leaving WBC Phelps undertook various jobs before reuniting with his older brother Mark, and in 1978 they established a printing company together in Prairie Village, near Kansas City. The company later relocated to Southern California. Phelps worked for 25 years in the print business.
Three years after leaving, Phelps got back in touch with his family, and for a brief period left Mark and the firm to stay with them. His father had offered to fund him through law school, a path which took eleven of his siblings into careers as lawyers but which did not interest Nathan and he resisted. Fred never accepted him back, eventually denouncing him. Phelps then left again, this time for good. He permanently broke contact with his father.
During an interview while at QEDcon in April 2014, Nate Phelps explained how the lingering effects of his indoctrination as a youth were so entrenched. He understood how one could feel persecuted and sincerely surprised when other people react quite strongly against ideas of what "the truth" was as he saw it:
In the 20 years following his departure, Phelps tried to find a milder form of Christianity, and raised his own children within an Evangelical church, but his doubts only grew as he continued studying religion. At the Reason Rally in Washington on March 24, 2012, he told that the events of 9/11 finally brought him to disbelief:
In addition to this, Phelps identifies both his experience reading Michael Shermer's book "The Science of Good and Evil" and the birth of his first child as turning points in his world view. Phelps now describes himself as an atheist.
Career as activist, speaker and author.
Phelps later moved to rural British Columbia, Canada, and currently lives in Calgary, Alberta. He is the Executive Director of the Centre for Inquiry Calgary, a secular organization that educates and advocates reason and science. He also serves on the board of directors for Recovering from Religion, an organization which offers education and practical support for people moving away from religion.
He is an active public speaker and appears at atheist, skeptical and secular events including a rock festival. He has spoken at numerous Gay Pride events and describes himself as a "LBGT activist". He emphasises his work raising awareness of child abuse related to religion and its legal status and has published articles on this topic.
He is known for his criticism of the Westboro Baptist Church through literature, interviews, public speaking at atheist conventions and his website. He states that his father physically abused him and the other Phelps children and he believes that the church was an organization for his father to "vent his rage and anger."
As of 2014, Phelps is working on a book called "Leaving Westboro — Escaping America's Most Hated Church & Family." In the same year, he made a widely reported announcement that his father was terminally ill, and also that Pastor Phelps had been "excommunicated" from his own church during 2013. His father died on March 19, 2014, not long after Nathan's announcement of his father's terminal illness.
Criticism.
Phelps has been criticised by members of his family still active in the Westboro Baptist Church. His sister Shirley Phelps-Roper, a prominent spokesperson for the Church, said "Nathan Phelps is a rebel against God. He has nothing to look forward to except sorrow, misery, death and hell", and stated that he "left when he was a raging disobedient rebel with selective memory". His only encounter with his father since 1980 was on a radio talk program, on which Fred Phelps was highly critical of his son.
Westboro Baptist Church has itself been widely criticised, and has been described as "roundly derided" and "widely rebuked and criticised" by Christian groups which distance WBC's views from their own, and in other cases WBC is accused of "misreading" and "misrepresenting" the Bible. Phelps has responded to this position arguing that WBC's position was derived by his father from bona fide Biblical text and has written on the wider subject of mainstream Christianity's rejection of extremists.

</doc>
<doc id="31083633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083633" title="Roma-Ostia Half Marathon">
Roma-Ostia Half Marathon

The Roma-Ostia Half Marathon () is an annual half marathon road running event which takes place in late February in Rome, Italy. The course begins in the EUR district of the city and follows a direct south-easterly route to the finish point near the beaches of Ostia. It is Italy's most popular half marathon, with a record 12,000 entries and 9,485 finishers in 2011.
The competition is organised by the "Gruppo Sportivo Bancari Romani" and comprises three distinct races. There is an elite level race for male and female athletes, a popular fun run for amateurs, and a "Business Run" which sees teams of runners represent domestic companies in the "Campionato Italian Imprenditori di Mezza Maratona" (Italian Business Championships in the Half Marathon). The Roma-Ostia race has been held every year since its inception, with the exceptions of 1982 and 1999.
The race was inaugurated in March 1974 and was held on a 28-kilometre course. In its first dozen editions, the Roma-Ostia ranged from a distance of 27 km to 30 km. It was converted into an official half marathon race of 21.1 km for the 1987 edition and has remained so ever since. The course has a point-to-point format and as a result it some editions have had an overall downhill drop, as well as athlete-assisting tailwinds. Due to these factors, some performances have been ineligible for personal bests or records.
In 2011 the course was significantly altered, allowing for faster times and record performances. Both the men's and women's course records were set in 2012. Philemon Kimeli Limo's time of 59:32 minutes stands as the men's course record, while Florence Kiplagat's run of 1:06:38 is the current record for females.
Past winners of the elite race include Stefano Baldini (the 2004 Olympic marathon champion), four-time Boston Marathon winner Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot, Franca Fiacconi (1998 New York Marathon winner) and Mediterranean champion Souad Aït Salem.
Past winners.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="31083672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083672" title="Samuel Marx (New York)">
Samuel Marx (New York)

Samuel Marx (1867 - November 30, 1922) was an American auctioneer and politician from New York.
Born in New York City, Marx was educated in the public schools and became an auctioneer and appraiser. In 1889, he married Irene Smith.
He was a member of Tammany Hall and served on the New York City Council. In August 1919, he was appointed Internal Revenue Collector for the 3rd New York District. In November 1922, Marx was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in the 19th District, but died before his term began.

</doc>
<doc id="31083708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083708" title="Platinum (Snoop Dogg song)">
Platinum (Snoop Dogg song)

Platinum is a song by American rapper Snoop Dogg, released as the third promotional single from his eleventh studio album Doggumentary. The song features guest vocals from R&B singer R. Kelly, and is produced by American producer Lex Luger.
Release.
The song was released on February 22, 2011 as a promotional single, although it reached Number 62 at Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. Official single "Boom" reached only 76 at Billboard Hot 100, so "Platinum" should be considered as a potential hit and filming a video is a must, but there is nothing official yet

</doc>
<doc id="31083722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083722" title="Promotoras">
Promotoras

Promotoras are lay Hispanic/Latino community members who receive specialized training to provide basic health education in the community, although they are not professional health care workers. While most of their work entails educating target audiences about health issues affecting their community they also provide guidance in accessing community resources associated with health care. Often promotoras are residents and identified leaders in their community who work for community-based health promotion projects or as part of a research group. Thus, promotoras serve as liaisons between their community, health professionals, human and social service organizations. As liaisons, they often play the roles of an advocate, educator, mentor, outreach worker, role model, and translator.
Depending on the organizations with which they work, promotoras may volunteer their time, draw a salary or receive a stipend. Promotoras have been predominantly volunteers if they assist only through delivery of educational material. However, since 2004 there has been a significant increase in the number of promotoras who are hired as staff and not only receive reimbursements for costs associated with their job (e.g., mileage reimbursement).
Traditionally, promotoras have been Latino women. However, more men are entering the field and the gender-neutral term “promotores” is increasingly being used to be more inclusive.
History.
The role of community health workers can be traced back to the 1940s in the People’s Republic of China, where Chairman Mao Zedong introduced barefoot doctors to provide medical treatment and education to rural villages within the country.
The use of promotoras began in 1973 in Cuidad Juarez, Mexico, where Salud Y Desarrollo Comunitario de Cd. Juarez, A.C. (Health and Community Development of Juarez City), ran by the Federación Mexicana de Asociaciones Privadas (Mexican Federation of Private Associations ), developed the first promotora model to help provide medical care and education to marginalized communities in Juarez. From there, the promotora model spread across Mexico to other Latin American countries and eventually to the United States.
While the promotora model was in use in Latin American countries since 1960, it did not gain attention in the United States until the mid-1960s to the 1970s. It was during those two decades that the United States federal government initiated a support campaign for the outreach to rural, marginalized, and hard-to-reach communities with the intention of improving access to care. Such model regained attention in the 1990s thanks to efforts from Centers for Disease Control and Health Resources and Services Administration.
The essence of using promotoras as means of health education dissemination to prevent disease has been used in countries like Africa for much longer than in the Americas. Third world countries with high mortality rates of preventable and infectious diseases adopted this model to outreach communities that had no access to decent health care. However, by definition, community health workers model used in other countries is somewhat different than the one of a promotora in the United States.
Importance.
Promotoras have gained significant importance in the way that care is delivered in the United States for Latinos in the last two decades. Latinos are the fastest growing ethnic group in the United States and one with some of the largest health disparities 
Citizenship, language, and familiarity with the health care system are some of the most common barriers to access care for Latinos This is especially true for Latino immigrants who are two to three times more likely to be uninsured United States Studies have shown that promotoras impact the health outcomes of Latinos by increasing their use of health care 
Since promotoras are often leaders and well-respected in their community, it is easier for them to deliver interventions in a culturally sensitive manner, be perceived as a one with similar values and experiences, and thus create a rapport with program participants faster 
Although promotoras are not professional health workers, they are often tasked with projects similar to that of a professional health worker if the area where they work is significantly underserved (e.g., case management, referral source). Another highlight of the importance of promotoras is labor costs. Even though promotoras are not required and in most instances do not hold academic credentials (e.g., bachelor or master’s level degrees) they perform well enough to, in general, have similar improved outcomes to that of professional health workers but at a lower salary rate 
Thus, the use of promotoras to bridge the gap between community needs and health resources is perceived as one of the most viable ones by researchers 
Research suggests that the areas of highest need for Latinos in the United States and thus the area that most promotoras focus on are the following: 
Impact on different health outcomes.
An enormous body of research across ethnic groups suggests that early screenings and preventive education reduces poor health outcomes and health expenditures. Studies have shown small and large scale benefits in preventive care for Latinos when promotoras are used as an agent of change. Since the leading causes of death in Latinos are mostly related to cardiovascular disease, there have been several studies (including randomized clinical trials) that show benefits in the use of promotoras to prevent heart disease and facilitate treatment adherence (W2. Promotoras have also shown to be promising results among farm workers with diabetes by aiding in the control of glycemic levels and increase social support. Similarly, there has been an effort to address the concern for home pesticide poisoning in the homes of farm working families. A pilot program using promotoras created a comic book to teach children about the risks of chronic pesticide exposure at the same time that they conducted family visits. This particular study showed an increase in knowledge but also one of behavior change to minimize pesticide exposures and poisonings.
Training.
While promotoras are not required to go through extensive and official training they are trained to become health educators on a specific issue. Many promotoras get trained by professional health workers on content areas but are encouraged to develop a plan tailored for their specific community under the supervision of the same or a different health professional. Thus, there are not many entities that “train” promotoras on how to become one but on content specific curriculum. Vision y Compromiso is one of the few entities in Southern California that offers content specific trainings to promotoras.

</doc>
<doc id="31083736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083736" title="Jan van Schijndel">
Jan van Schijndel

Jan van Schijndel (4 March 192728 February 2011) was a Dutch football player.
Club career.
A one-club man, van Schijndel has played his entire career for SVV in Schiedam, with whom he won the 1949 Dutch league title and the first Dutch Supercup. He was one of the last surviving players of that title-winning squad.
International career.
Van Schijndel made his debut for the Netherlands in a March 1949 friendly match against Belgium and had earned a total of 17 caps, scoring one goal. He captained Holland in his last three games. He was a non-playing squad member for his country at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
His final international was an April 1955 friendly match, also against Belgium.
Death.
Van Schijndel died on 28 February 2011 at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="31083741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083741" title="1994–95 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season">
1994–95 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season

During the 1994–95 English football season, Queens Park Rangers F.C. competed in the FA Premier League. They finished the season in 8th place.
Season summary.
When manager Gerry Francis moved across London to take charge of Tottenham Hotspur in November, there was much speculation as to who would replace him at Loftus Road. That question was answered within days when the club's board announced that Ray Wilkins, 38, had been appointed as player-manager - just months after he had left the club to become player-coach at Crystal Palace.
Wilkins kept QPR in contention for a UEFA Cup place, and in the end they finished eighth - just three places short of the promised land. This could easily have been achieved had it not been for a nine-match winless run during the season - longer than any winless run in the Premier League that season. He also took them to the quarter-finals of the FA Cup, where they bowed out to Manchester United.
Prolific goalscorer Les Ferdinand was, perhaps inevitably, sold in the summer - subject of a £6 million move to Newcastle United. Wilkins did not delve into the club's funds to buy a replacement, preferring to make the most of young talent like Danny Dichio and Kevin Gallen.
Results.
"Queens Park Rangers' score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/1994-1995/faprem/qpr.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="31083789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083789" title="Emma Eilers">
Emma Eilers

Emma Eilers (September 12, 1870 – March 27, 1951) was an American painter from Sea Cliff, New York, who, despite her uncontrollable shakes, was recognized regionally for her work.
Early Years.
Emma Eilers was born to her parents Anton Eilers and Elizabeth (Emrich) Eilers September 12, 1870, in the town of Morrisania (now a neighborhood of the Bronx), becoming the 5th of 6 siblings. Census records suggest that during her first 10 years she spent most of her life in Morrisania, growing up amongst her family and German- American relatives who lived nearby. 
Sometime between 1878 and 1881, her parents moved to Denver, Colorado, for a few years during which Anton became a successful mining engineer and smelter entrepreneur in the region, specifically in Leadville and Pueblo, Colorado. In the span of just a few years, she would see her family's life alter dramatically as the Eilers family accumulated great financial gains that allowed them to purchase multiple homes, travel more easily between New York and Colorado, and now travel between Germany and the US.
Unlike her oldest sister Else, who would graduate from Denver High School in 1883 or her brother Karl who graduated from the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute in 1884, Emma joined her three sisters (Louise, Anna & Meta) whom all graduated from the Packer Collegiate Institute, with Emma obtaining her diploma in June 12, 1889.
Adult life.
In late 1892, she travelled with the entire family to visit relatives in Germany as part of her sister Anna's wedding to Hans Weber. This is her only known international trip.
At some point during the 1890s, Emma studied with the Shinnecock Hills Summer School of Art, which was the first important summer art school in America devoted to En plein air painting, or painting outdoors. This is the only verified time she attended an art school.
By the late 1890s, Emma seems to have become a skilled artist. For example, in 1897, the Brooklyn Eagle reported that "Miss Eilers of St.Marks avenue does some of the strongest and best work at the league. Her painting of the figure is fine, unsurpassed by any other attendant of the famous art school ...". Later in the year, according to another Brooklyn Eagle Article, she was busy working "with mural and other designs. A composition having for its subject St.Francis D'Assisi and the Birds was one in which the drawing and color were excellent".
According to the New York Times, in 1899 one of her paintings was one of several Art Students’ League of New York pieces exhibited at a Paris Exposition, which was then presented as a permanent exhibit at the Musee Pedagogique. During the winter of 1899, Emma was painting out of Miss Kate Dow's studio, in the 'Bank Building', where regular art shows were held, as Kate had just traveled to Paris.
Between 1918 and 1921, both Emma's mother and father, along with sisters Louise and Meta, would pass away. Likely, this left a pretty big hole in Emma's life. Fortunately, Emma still had her oldest sister Else living at Sea Cliff along with her brother, Karl, and his wife and 3 kids nearby.
It's unknown how early Emma developed physical shakes that the family called her 'palsy', but several first hand accounts describe how her brush would shake right up to the point where brush met canvas and then, suddenly, smooth strokes would appear. Dinner time was also a slightly unusual experience for visitors as Emma's 'shakes' would cause the table to shake at times, rattling silverware, plates and glasses.
While Emma's work is not generally well known, she did paint regularly in her large studio at Sea Cliff until her death on March 27, 1951. Her studio has since been converted into a house and still exists. Emma was the last of her 6 siblings to die, passing away at her Sea Cliff home that was the Eilers family home for more than 5 decades.
At the time of her death, relatives report that her studio was full of paints of various sizes, "they were laying everywhere". Some of her paintings passed down to relatives, some have recently appeared at auction, but most appear to have been destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="31083834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083834" title="Frederick Sage &amp; Company">
Frederick Sage &amp; Company

Frederick Sage & Company was a British shop fitting company based in London with an extensive practice in Europe, South Africa, and South America. During both world wars it built and designed aircraft, and after the Second World War it executed much of the woodwork for the rebuilt House of Commons.
Origins.
The founder, Frederick Sage (1830–1898) was born at Freston, a small village near Ipswich in Suffolk, the son of the village carpenter. Following his father's profession, he showed great ingenuity when young, for instance designing a velocipede to make it easier to sell small items of joinery he had made around the neighbourhood. After working for local firms of builders, his ambition took him to London in 1851 where for three years he continued working for builders, studying in evening schools to rememdy his lack of education. Having married, and finding work hard to come by, he started his own shopfitting business in 1860 in Hatton Garden.
By 1870 Frederick Sage owned buildings in Gray's Inn Road, including show rooms and “steam works” nearby in Portpool street. In 1876 he received an award along with many other British firms at the Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia for an exhibit of “air-tight showcases &c.” In 1879 he was offering to warehouse showcases from the Paris Exhibition for the forthcoming one in Sydney.
Development.
Frederick Sage took three of his nephews, Frederick, Josiah, and Jesse Hawes into the business and eventually they became partners, along with his son. Jesse Hawes was the principal mover in the firm's development after Frederick Sage's death. In 1905 the firm became a public company with a capital of £300,000. That year marked the end of five years when they had devoted almost all their resources to fitting out Harrods in Knightsbridge, London. There was for a time a branch in Manchester which closed in 1910. More large scale work was done in London at other department stores, D. H. Evans in Oxford Street, between 1907 and 1909, and Selfridges. Sage’s also worked on hotels, restaurants, even interiors of many of the great liners for Cunard and P&O. 
Jesse Hawes’ great triumph was the expansion of Sage’s around the world. He had been at the Philadelphia exhibition in 1876, and in South Africa and various European countries before Frederick Sage’s death. He recommended an office in Cape Town and a factory followed there in 1901. Eventually the business moved to Johannesburg, and a great deal of high class work was done in South Africa before the business became a subsidiary firm based there in 1947. From the Berlin branch contracts were secured in Finland and around the old Austro-Hungarian Empire which was to break up at the end of the Great War – in Vienna, Budapest, and Belgrade. After World War I a factory was opened in Paris where much work was done: Au Printemps, La Maison Barclay, The Louvre, and so on, and in French provincial cities too, and contracts managed from Paris in Algeria, Egypt, Romania, and Turkey.
Aircraft production.
To meet the wartime need for seaplanes in 1915 the company was one of six selected by the Admiralty to build the Short 184 under sub-contract. Originally 12 aircraft were ordered but the company went on to build more than 80 Short 184s. The Peterborough factory which had been acquired in 1910, conveniently by the Great Northern main line railway, with sidings, also used its woodworking skills to build cabins for non-rigid airships. The company also went on to build large numbers of Avro 504K trainer in a factory at Holborn in London, with a total of at least 408 completed.Orders were also placed for 130 Sopwith Camels, but this was cancelled due to the end of the war.
Not content with building aircraft on sub-contract the company also set up an aircraft design team which from 1916 included the aviator and aircraft designer Eric Gordon England.
With the end of the war and the availability of surplus former-military aircraft the company closed the design department and returned to wood working and shop fitting.
It became involved in aircraft production again during the Second World War, building forward fuselages for Airspeed Horsa gliders.
1920s.
In 1921 the Galeries Lafayette in Regent Street was thought a spectacular triumph for the firm, and other work was done in connection with the controversial rebuilding of that prestigious shopping street. In 1926 the Peterborough temporary building was rebuilt and branches were opened in Leeds and Glasgow. Belfast eventually had a branch too. But the Great Depression of 1929 onwards, which spread rapidly around the world, caused a severe jolt to the firm. The Argentina operation, already suffering from a strike in which the local director was stabbed in the back, was particularly badly hit. Sage’s were so affected by the depression that they made losses for four years running and did not pay a dividend again until 1936.
Second World War.
At the beginning of the war normal commercial work dried up and it was not easy to find work for the factories until hard work secured government contracts back in the aeroplane business. When the contract for wings for the Albemarle was secured, needing expensive jigs for assembly, it was decided that Central London was becoming too risky, the Blitz having started. Sage’s leased a building in the western suburbs, at Harlesden. On the morning of 17 April 1941 Sage’s main factory and office premises in Gray’s Inn Road were bombed and entirely destroyed by fire just before the employees arrived for work. The draughtsmen and planning department and all the key factory employees were sent to the Harlesden factory. A shopfitting competitor, a former Sage’s employee, offered his factory at Ilford, and a section of a factory at Enfield was requisitioned for the firm by the Ministry of Aircraft Production. And so the firm carried on through the war, its efforts eventually entirely devoted to the war effort.
Last years.
Starting again after the second world war was even more difficult than after the first, because of the many restrictions and the centralised control which the new Labour government thought necessary. But new display rooms and offices were built in central London, in Verulam street near the old premises. New factories were acquired in the north London suburbs – Harringay, South Tottenham, Dalston. There was even a factory at Mountain Ash in the Cynon Valley of South Wales for manufacturing sheet metal and architectural metalwork.
There was work for shops, ships, churches, museums, but the most prestigious and the one that will last longest must be their post-war work in the Palace of Westminster following the bombing of the House of Commons.
The firm began to show strains in the early 1960s when they began a difficult “reorganisation”. They still did much work, including buying a firm making scenery and exhibition stands, City Display organisation, and even had a television scenery contract when the medium was still quite new. In 1965 they had difficulty in completing contracts and this continued. In 1968, “unobtrusively” as The Times put it, Sage’s became a subsidiary of British Electric Traction, remained in name for a while longer but eventually disappeared.
Frederick Sage continued to operate from its Haringay base until 1989 whereupon it merged with Brent Metal and moved to Wembley where it struggled on for a few more years as part of Courtney Pope Holdings, until the Group's eventual demise.

</doc>
<doc id="31083845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083845" title="Bibliography of Canadian military history">
Bibliography of Canadian military history

This is a bibliography of works on the military history of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31083856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083856" title="New Zealand Roller Hockey National Championship">
New Zealand Roller Hockey National Championship

The New Zealand Roller Hockey National Championship is the biggest Roller Hockey Clubs Championship in New Zealand.
Participated Teams in the last Season.
The teams that participated in the last New Zealand championship were:Papatoetoe, Wellington, Wanganui, New Plymouth.

</doc>
<doc id="31083872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083872" title="A. J. Goddard">
A. J. Goddard

A. J. Goddard was a Klondike Gold Rush era sternwheeler owned by Seattle businessman Albert J. Goddard and build for transport of men and supplies on the Upper Yukon River in Canada. She was assembled from pieces which were manufactured in San Francisco, shipped up to Skagway, Alaska, hauled over the Coast Mountains, and finally assembled at Lake Bennett. She made one trip to Dawson during the gold rush, was sold and sank in a storm on Lake Laberge in 1901. Her wreck was discovered in 2008 and was designated as a Yukon Historic Site.
Background.
Albert J. Goddard, who owned and gave name to steamboat "A. J. Goddard", was a Seattle businessman who owned a foundry and had expertise in fabrication and steam engineering. When the Klondike Gold Rush started he saw an opportunity to make a profit by transporting prospectors. He intended to supply them with a river boat on upper Yukon and bought parts for two small prefabricated steamboats from San Francisco which were transported north in pieces to Lake Bennett where they were reassembled by new company The Upper Yukon Company. They used the White Pass Trail or a combination of this and the parallel Chilkoot Trail and they arrived at Bennett Lake by March 1898. Thousands of men and women were camped at the lake, waiting for the ice to go out, building boats and rafts. Over the course of weeks the company assembled two 16-metre steel sternwheelers on the shores of the lake. The "A.J. Goddard" was completed first, followed by the "F.H. Kilbourne".
Service.
On May 28, 1898, the ice went out on Bennett Lake. Thousands of boats took to the water within 48 hours and headed for the Dawson City. The "A.J. Goddard" appears to have departed Bennett on June 2, 1898, reaching Tagish Lake the next day just to return and wait for the river to get free of ice. On June 16, 1898, it departed Lake Bennett and headed for Dawson. It proceeded under its own power through the difficult stretch of Miles Canyon, only the third sternwheeler to accomplish this. It arrived in Dawson City on June 21 with ten passengers and a crew of eight as the first sternwheeler to do so in 1898. Later, it was one of the first sternwheelers to make the return trip upstream from Dawson to Whitehorse Rapids. Albert Goddard’s wife Clara accompanied him on the voyage, and was later honoured as the first female riverboat pilot on the Upper Yukon River.
After the gold rush the "A. J. Goddard" spent much of its time in the towing business on Lake Laberge. In 1899 the company behind her was sold to a competitor, the Canadian Development Company, which appears to have confined the vessel’s service between Whitehorse and the foot of the Thirty Mile River. On October 11, the A. J. Goddard entered Lake Laberge with a large barge in tow. Here she sank during a storm. The little ship was blasted with freezing rain and snow and pounded by waves. Despite the crew’s efforts, she began to take on water, which extinguished the boiler fires and left the ship without power. She sank to the lake bottom only a few hundred metres from shore. Three of the crew, Charles MacDonald, Fay Ransom and John Thompson, drowned while two were rescued by a local trapper in a rowboat.
Wreck.
The only thing that marked the existence of her wreck was the name of the shoreline prominence, Goddard Point, which in 1936 became an official map feature. In 1978 interest in the historical shipwrecks along the upper Yukon River increased. A Parks Canada team searched offshore of Goddard Point using divers on a towed dive board, but did not detect any sign of the wreck. In 1986 the Yukon Underwater Diving Association resumed the search funded by the Yukon’s Department of Tourism. Again the search proved unsuccessful and attempts to spot the wreck from the air also failed. Similarly, in 1997 with improved technology a part of the lake bottom was scanned without result. Finally, in June 2008, a conventional fish finder picked up a target of interest in 15 metres of water, not far from Goddard Point. On July 5, this was found to be the wreck of "A. J. Goddard". All findings had resemblance to her as seen in historic photos. The vessel sat upright, with debris and objects of all sorts littering the deck and surrounding area.
There were three general categories of artifacts on and around the ship. Firstly, cooking pots, enamel-ware, bottles, and cups. Secondly, a broad variety of wood and metal-working tools, including hand tools required to maintain and repair a steamboat. Finally, there were the personal effects of the crew, including small bits of clothing and shoes together with bottles of ink and vanilla. One of the more surprising finds was a Berliner gramophone in a wooden case.
Legacy.
Most of the 266 sternwheelers that operated on the Yukon River were large multi-decked wooden vessels. The "A. J. Goddard" is the only example found of the smaller steamboats. The vessel was not ideally suited for the larger sections of the Yukon River instead it had a short but successful career on Lake Laberge. Afloat for less than four years, the "A. J. Goddard" was an example of the inventiveness that characterized the Klondike Gold Rush. In 2010, the "A.J. Goddard" was designated as a Yukon Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="31083930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083930" title="Yolanda Mero">
Yolanda Mero

Yolanda Mero (aka Jolanda Mero; Hungarian spelling Mérő; later Mero-Irion) (30 August 188717 October 1963) was a Hungarian-American pianist, opera and theatre impresario, and philanthropist who supported destitute musicians.
Pianist.
Yolanda Mero was born into a Jewish family in Budapest to Salamon Mérő and Rozalia (née Pick). She began studying at the age of 8 at the National Conservatory with Augusta Rennebaum, a pupil of Franz Liszt. She made her debut at age 15 with the Dresden Philharmonic, then toured the world for four years. She moved to the United States in 1900, first appearing in New York in 1909, with the Russian Symphony Orchestra.
A week after arriving in New York, she met Hermann Irion, an executive of the Steinway Piano company, and married him only four weeks later, on 16 December 1909.
In the US she played concertos under the baton of Gustav Mahler, Leopold Stokowski and others. She later had a teaching post at her alma mater in Budapest.
Her verve and bravura, but also her wayward approach, were noted. In a review of her concert at New York's Aeolian Hall in January 1919, James Huneker wrote that "... she transformed Chopin preludes into veritable typhoons", and "... in the Barcarolle, instead of gondolas and the vows of lovers, moonlight and soft Adriatic zephyrs, we were shown a huge warship that steamed through the Grand Canal, sirens screaming, cannons booming, and a band playing Hungarian Rhapsody by Liszt."
Recordings.
Yolanda Mero made a number of piano rolls, of music by Bach, Beethoven, Sergei Bortkiewicz, Cécile Chaminade, Debussy, Dohnányi, Grieg, Handel, Haydn, Liszt, Moszkowski, Mozart, Anton Rubinstein, Schubert, Sinding, Johann Strauss II, Richard Strauss, Tchaikovsky, Max Vogrich and Wagner. She made only one 78rpm recording.
Sergei Bortkiewicz dedicated his "Trois pièces pour piano", Op. 12, to her.
Her recording of Max Vogrich's "Staccato-Caprice" appears on the CD "Women at the Piano: An Anthology of Historic Performances, Vol. 2" (1926-1950). and on Welte-Mignon Piano Rolls, Vol. 1 (1905-1927) It is said to display her "superb finish, beautiful phrasing and exquisite touch". Her recording of Carl Heymann's "Elfenspiel, Etude in E major" appears on Welte-Mignon Piano Rolls, Vol. 3 (1905-1926). Her playing of Franz Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 4 is on , and can also be found on CD.
Impresario.
Mme Mero-Irion co-founded the New Opera Company, becoming at that time the world's only female impresario. She chose the repertoire, singers, conductors, artistic and stage directors, ballet masters and coaches. She produced "The Merry Widow" on Broadway in 1943, with choreography by George Balanchine and starring Jan Kiepura, David Wayne, Robert Rounseville and others, and Marcel Pagnol's play "Topaze", starring Tilly Losch, in 1947.
Radio activist.
She also became an activist in the cause of improving the quality of the content of radio broadcasts, launching attacks on soap operas and advertising. She was founder and chairman of the Women's National Radio Committee and created the Gold Microphone Award.
Philanthropist.
Yolanda Mero-Irion was active in providing support for destitute musicians. She co-founded the Musicians Emergency Fund, along with Olga Samaroff, Lucrezia Bori and the wives of Ernest Schelling and Ernest Hutcheson and was its Executive Director. She established an endowment with the Musicians Foundation, Inc.
Yolanda Mero-Irion lived with her husband on their estate in Rockland County, NY. She later lived at 983 Park Avenue, New York. She died on 17 October 1963, in Lenox Hill Hospital, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="31083943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083943" title="Teenage Heaven">
Teenage Heaven

"Teenage Heaven" is a 1959 song by Eddie Cochran and Jerry Capehart. It was the A-side of Liberty F-55177 and was featured in the movie Go, Johnny Go! The single rose to number 99 on the Billboard charts. The B-side I Remember was also recorded and filmed for the movie but was left out.

</doc>
<doc id="31083960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083960" title="Lisa Hoffman">
Lisa Hoffman

Lisa Hoffman (née Gottsegen; born September 1, 1954) is an American businesswoman. She is the American founder and president of Lisa Hoffman Beauty.
Early life and academic career.
Hoffman was born in Los Angeles, California, to parents William Lawrence Gottsegen, and Marcia Francis Gottsegen (née Salter). She graduated from University of Colorado at Boulder in 1976 with a bachelor’s degree in psychology.
Personal life.
Hoffman is married to American actor Dustin Hoffman. They married in Roxbury, Connecticut on October 12, 1980. Hoffman has two stepdaughters, Karina (born 1966) and Jenna (born 1970). Together, the couple have four children — Jacob Edward (born 1981), Rebecca Lillian (born 1983), Maxwell Geoffrey (born 1984), and Alexandra Lydia (born 1987).
Career.
In 2007, Hoffman released a line of beauty products under the brand Lisa Hoffman Beauty. Today, Hoffman is the Founder and President of Lisa Hoffman Beauty. 
Lisa Hoffman Beauty specializes in fine fragrance products. 
In 2008, Lisa Hoffman was named “Newcomer of the Year” by Women’s Wear Daily Magazine.
Lisa Hoffman Beauty was also named “Beauty’s Top 40 of 2008” by Redbook Magazine. Also in 2008, Lisa Hoffman Beauty won an Allure Best of Beauty award. She won another Allure Best of Beauty in 2009. In 2009, Lisa Hoffman Beauty won two nominations for the Top Five FiFi® Finalist in the Unique Boutique category. The fragrances Madagascar Orchid and Japanese Agarwood were nominated alongside Acqua di Parma, Karl Lagerfeld, Chanel, and Tom Ford.
In 2012, Lisa Hoffman Beauty was nominated for two FiFi® Awards, in the category of Technological Breakthrough, for their "iScentify" Fragrance Finder and their "Fine Fragrance Jewelry" collection. 
"iScentify" is an advanced algorithm that identifies personal fragrance preferences by allowing consumers to rate scents they have encountered in the real world. Their "Fine Fragrance Jewelry" collection was nominated for an award in Technological Breakthrough in Packaging Technology and Delivery Systems. The company was also nominated as a finalist in the HBA International Package Design Awards (IPDA) - a industry specific award.

</doc>
<doc id="31083968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083968" title="1995–96 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season">
1995–96 Queens Park Rangers F.C. season

During the 1995–96 English football season, Queens Park Rangers competed in the FA Premier League.
Season summary.
One player never makes a team, but QPR felt the loss of prolific striker Les Ferdinand following his £6 million move to Newcastle United.
The last three seasons had seen QPR finish fifth, ninth and eighth in the Premiership thanks largely to Ferdinand's goals, but the new strike partnership of Kevin Gallen and Danny Dichio failed to provide anywhere near as many goals as QPR had managed while Ferdinand was up front. Even the support of excellent winger Trevor Sinclair could not translate into a strong supply of goals, and it was soon clear that player-manager Ray Wilkins and his men were in for a hard season.
A 3-0 win over London rivals West Ham United in late April was not enough to keep QPR up, and their relegation was confirmed after 13 years in the top flight.
Hopes of QPR gaining a quick return to the Premiership were given a major boost by the confirmation that Gallen, Dichio and Sinclair were to stay at the club.
Kit.
View From became QPR's new kit manufacturers. American electronics company Compaq remained as kit sponsors.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Queens Park Rangers' score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31083970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083970" title="ʻAna Taufeʻulungaki">
ʻAna Taufeʻulungaki

Dr. ʻAna Maui Taufeʻulungaki is a Tongan academic and politician.
She has a Ph.D. from the University of Birmingham.
For thirty years, she worked as "teacher, school principal, curriculum developer, educational administrator and planner" in the Tongan Ministry of Education. From 1999, she then worked at the University of the South Pacific, first as Fellow, then as Director of the Institute of Education, and finally Pro Vice Chancellor for Research and Graduate Affairs, in 2006 and 2007.
In 2006, she was an observer for the University at the Pacific Islands Forum's regional Economic Ministers' Meeting (FEMM), which advises Forum leaders on "issues of economic management and development". She later criticised what she had perceived, at the meeting, as a "one dimensional approach to economic development, particularly where there is no mention of the cultural context and the socio-political issues which are associated with economic development". She warned that if investment failed to consider the cultural context of land use and ownership, "land would simply be a commodity to be developed and sold on the market. But to Pacific Islanders who see land as central to their sense of identity, the concept of the "vanua" is critical. If you don’t deal with that concept, the economic issues won’t be addressed long-term, and will probably falter." In addition, she said, ministers "talkabout the economic and financial issues but they d[idn’t consider the social implications [...]. There’s been discussions about economic growth but not equitable economic growth."
That same year, in a "confidential report to the University of the South Pacific" on the November riots in Nukuʻalofa, she "reportedly accused the Tongan government by Feleti Sevele of 'a series of ill-timed and ill-conceived moves, which demonstrated their total inability to read the situation and which served to confirm in the minds of the pro-democracy movement that things will never change'".
Following the November 2010 general election, in which she was not a candidate, new Prime Minister Lord Tuʻivakanō appointed her Minister of Education, Women's Affairs and Culture. She was one of two persons appointed Minister despite not being a Member of Parliament (the other being Clive Edwards). She was sworn in on January 13, 2011. There had been no women elected to Parliament in November, so appointing an MP to the Ministry for Women would have meant appointing a male Minister. Her appointment, and Edwards', were somewhat controversial, but Lord Tuʻivakanō defended his choice on the grounds of their experience.
As Minister for Education, Taufeʻulungaki said education curricula had to be "relevant to the situation in Tonga, and to an increasingly inter-connected globalised world", and to "give back to the society the best value for its investment in education". She also said one of her priorities would be to "review the teacher recruitment process and strengthen teachers’ professional development".

</doc>
<doc id="31083980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083980" title="Yeo Sung-hye">
Yeo Sung-hye

Yeo Sung-Hye (; born 6 August 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Sagan Tosu in the J. League Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="31083999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31083999" title="John Murray (science lecturer)">
John Murray (science lecturer)

John Murray (c. 1786 – 1851) was a science writer, lecturer, traveller and Scriptural geologist during the early years of scientific development.
Life.
He was born in Stranraer, Galloway, the son of a sea-captain. 
He seemed to develop an interest in science early in life, and in 1815 published "Elements of Chemical Science as Applied to Arts and Manufactures". 
Murry held geology as quite valuable because of it is beneficial in excavating, agriculture, and in constructing canals, roads, and rail lines. Geology showed features of God's creation and facets of His creative influence and insight that it supported Biblical revelation.
Beginning in 1816, he gave several sciences lectures a year at the Surry Intuition and Mechanics’ Institutes becoming “one of the best lecturers in the world,’ according to Lord Brougham. 
He was particularly interested in the design of miner's safety lamps. He was a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries and of the Geological Society of London, the Linnean Society of London, and Royal Horticultural Society. Also, the Meteorological society of London, The British Association for the Advancement of Science and the Mechanics' institutes of Exeter, Davonport, Portsmouth and Bristol. 
In the 1830s he was a prominent scriptural geologist, promoting a reconciliation between the geological record and the Genesis creation narrative.
He travelled extensively, but lived in Hull most of his life. He was a loyal member of the Church of Scotland and a strong Calvinist. He moved back to Stranraer in 1850, but a severe illness drained his health and finances and he died an invalid on June 28, 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="31084004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084004" title="Netball in Lesotho">
Netball in Lesotho

Lesotho has a national netball league, and has participated in as well as hosted several netball tournaments. The national league has some sponsors and the national team has been internationally ranked.
Tournaments.
In April 2008, Lesotho hosted the Malawi Under-21 national netball team. The match was part of the annual Confederation of Southern African Netball Associations (COSANA) tournament.
In September 2010, Lesotho performed poorly in the African qualifying tournament for the World Netball Championships. During the competition, they lost 50-25 to Tanzania, 84-16 to South Africa, 58-24 to Zimbabwe. The qualifying tournament took play in Pretoria, South Africa.
In December 2010, Lesotho hosted a one day netball tournament. Ministry of Gender, Youth, Sports and Recreation was one of the co-organizers of the event. The tournament was created to help raise breast cancer awareness.
Ranking.
Lesotho has a national league. Corporations also sponsor teams around the country. Some corporate sponsors include Central Bank of Lesotho, Standard Lesotho Bank, Lesotho Revenue Authority and Metropolitan Lesotho. In September 2010, the national team was ranked number twenty-three in the world. As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number twenty-five in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31084010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084010" title="Universitetsplassen">
Universitetsplassen

Universitetsplassen (University Square) is a square in the city center of Oslo, Norway. The square borders the street Karl Johans gate, and is surrounded by three buildings of the Faculty of Law, University of Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31084015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084015" title="Tajikistani presidential election, 1991">
Tajikistani presidential election, 1991

Presidential elections were held for the first time in Tajikistan on 24 November 1991. The result was a victory for Rahmon Nabiyev of the Communist Party of Tajikistan, who won 56.9% of the vote. Voter turnout was 84.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="31084019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084019" title="Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone">
Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone

Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone (also known as just Est! Est!! Est!!!) is an Italian wine region centered around the commune of Montefiascone in province of Viterbo in Latium. Since 1966, the white Trebbiano- and Malvasia bianca-based wines produced within the of the region can qualify for "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC) designation under Italian wine laws.
The unusual name of the wine region dates back to a 12th-century tale of a German bishop traveling to the Vatican for a meeting with the Pope. The bishop sent a prelate ahead of him to survey the villages along the route for the best wines. At a Montefiascone inn, the prelate was reportedly so impressed with the local wine that he wrote "Est! Est!! Est!!!" (Latin for "It is") on the door so that the bishop would not fail to stop by. While this tale has been widely repeated, with some variations (such as the event taking place in the 10th century and/or involving a Flemish bishop, attending the coronation of Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor instead of meeting the Pope, etc.), the story is considered by many wine experts, such as Master of Wine Mary Ewing-Mulligan, to be apocryphal.
Today, the wine region is known primarily for wine tourism, catering to the visitors of Lake Bolsena north of Rome, with comparatively little Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone being exported. Among wine critics, the wine often receives mixed opinions with wine experts such as Hugh Johnson and Jancis Robinson describing in "The World Atlas of Wine" Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone as "usually the dullest white wine with the strangest name in the world." Wine writers Joe Bastianich and David Lynch compares Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone to the Tuscan wines from Vernaccia di San Gimignano saying that the region's "...history is more compelling than what's currently in the glass."
Origins of the name.
The story behind the name of Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone has been widely repeated for centuries and, though likely apocryphal, has served as tourism draw for the region and giving some notoriety to the wine. While some variation of the tale exist, the basic legend involves a traveling Catholic bishop on his way to Rome who sends out a servant ahead to find places with the best wine for the bishop to enjoy. Visiting villages throughout Italy, the servant would scrawl "Est" (Latin for "It is") on the door of the places he found to have good wine for the bishop's party to later visit. The legend has it that the servant was so impressed with the wine being served at a Montefiascone inn that he enthusiastically scrawled "Est! Est!! Est!!!" on the door.
While that is the basic outline of the story, over the centuries several variations have popped up that slightly change some of the details. One of the more detailed retelling can be found in Tom Stevenson's "Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia" where he pinpoints the events to late 1110 or early 1111 when a 12th-century German bishop, Johann Fugger, was traveling to Rome for the coronation of Henry V as Holy Roman Emperor. On his travels, Fugger sent his majordomo ahead of him to taste the local wines and report back which wines were "Vinum est bonum". As with other retellings, the majordomo documented his research by writing "Est" in chalk on the door of the establishments whose wines he enjoyed and, being so impressed with the wines of Montefiascone, punctuated his message with multiple "Est! Est!! Est!!!". But Stevenson also reports that the bishop, himself, was also so impressed with the wines that he canceled the rest of his journey and stayed in Montefiascone until his death. Today, there is a tomb in a local church in Montefiascone that claims to be the resting place of Bishop Fugger.
DOC regulations.
The white blended wines of Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone received DOC status in 1966 and includes the volcanic soils encircling Lake Bolsena in the northern Latium region. According to DOC regulations (last changes approved on date 30-11-2011) the must come from grapes grown within the DOC area in the province of Viterbo and included in the administrative territory of the municipalities of Montefiascone, Bolsena, San Lorenzo Nuovo, Grotte di Castro, Gradoli, Capodimonte and Marta, harvested to a maximum yield of 13 tonnes/ha. The finished wine must have a minimum alcohol level of at least 11% and be composed of a blend of Trebbiano Toscano (known locally as "Procanico") by a percentage between 50% and 65%, Malvasia bianca by a percentage between 10% and 20% and Trebbiano Giallo (known locally as "Rosetto") by a percentage between 25% and 40%. 
Wine styles.
Wine writer Joe Bastianich describes the wines of Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone as mildly aromatic with apple notes and high acidity. The wines can be produced in dry and sweeter "abboccato" styles. Locally, the wines are often paired with Roman cuisine such as fritto misto and deep-fried artichokes.
One major producer is Falesco. Their version has been called a "generic Umbrian cheap white known around the world."

</doc>
<doc id="31084020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084020" title="H. C. Klinkert">
H. C. Klinkert

Hillebrandus Cornelius Klinkert (June 11, 1829 – November 20, 1913) was a Dutch Mennonite missionary and translator. He was born in Amsterdam and worked as an engineer in a machine factory at Rotterdam and on a Rhine barge before he contacted the DZV (Doopsgezinde Zendings Vereeniging) in 1851 with a request to be sent as a missionary. Klinkert was also known for his ability to translate the Bible into different dialects of Malay so that the Javanese people could access the Gospel, and completed his first entire translation at the end of 1878.
Education.
Klinkert was educated as a surveyor, and received training in the seminary of the Nederlandsche Zendeling Genootschap (NZG) at Rotterdam for his future missionary service. In February 1856 before Klinkert had finished his schooling, seminary director H. Hiebink requested that the DZV withdraw him. Klinkert was an older student and it was therefore more difficult for him to accept guidance but S. Hoekstra who was the pastor of the Rotterdam Mennonite church would defend him. The problem was settled and they would land in Batavia, Java in 1856. He would arrive in Jepara early in October where he would study with Pieter Jansz (missionary) (1820–1904). When Klinkert was accepted by the DZV to work alongside Jansz in October 1863, he took two years to study the language before he started his work on Bible translation.
Family.
Klinkert married a Eurasian girl, Wilhelmina Louis Kahle on October 5, 1857 who couldn’t speak Dutch but helped him contact more Malay speaking locals. Klinkert and his wife moved to Semarang at the end of May 1859 for a temporary stay. Klinkert’s missionary work and translating would take his family all over Java for the next several years until he arrived in Tanjungpinang at Riau in June 1864 where he lived with his family for two and a half years under terrible conditions. Because of the illness and isolation brought about by these conditions, he informed the NBG that he could do his translations in the Netherlands. Klinkert's wife was suffering from tuberculosis when they moved to Amsterdam in mid-1867. Shortly after she died in 1870, Klinkert married Willemina Samuela Diderika Roering (1844–1929) who brought a child of her own into the union. They would have ten more children together.
Missionary Work.
After some studying with Jansz, Klinkert took over a small Javanese school that Jansz was leading. They also visited nearby villages together on horseback where Klinkert started to lead house services in the Malay language. While in Semarang, Klinkert started a new missionary effort there in 1863 and would be selected to work alongside Jansz with most of their work focused on translating the Bible. Klinkert founded a general newsweekly in 1860 called "Slompret Melaijoe" ("The Malay Trumpet"), which existed until 1911. Once his Bible translation work was completed in 1878 back in the Netherlands, the Dutch Bible Society drew his attention to a teaching position at the Municipal Institute for Education of Civil Servants for the East Indies in Leiden. His profession was a lecturer and he worked at the Institute, which merged with the University of Leiden in 1890, until 1904, teaching Malay and literature to first and second year students. Most of Klinkert’s travels and missionary work led him back to translating the Bible. He wanted the Gospel to be available to all and made it his mission to translate the Bible into Malay, which he completed in 1878. He collected and published data about indigenous medical treatment and would continue to do linguistic work until he was quite elderly.
Bible Translation.
Klinkert's wife found the version of Melchior Leijdecker difficult to understand, so Klinkert began translating Old Testament stories and later parts of the New Testament into the local Malay dialect while he was in Jepara. At the end of 1859 he was going to translate the whole New Testament into that language spoken by many different races. The fact that other translations had too many faults inspired Klinkert to do this. Although he received little support, he was still able to translate the four Gospels in 1861 through his own funding, and to finish the rest of the New Testament two years later with the help of a grant he received from the Nederlands Bijbel Genootschap (Dutch Bible Society). In 1866, Klinkert started to give his full attention to translating the Bible. He was going to translate the Bible into a form of pure Malay. His translation into pure Malay replaced Leijdecker’s older one everywhere except for the Maluku Islands. In 1876 Klinkert decided to try to complete his full translation in one year through direct contact with the Malaysians. He would return just over half a year later and would complete the full translation of the Bible in Latin characters shortly after that. Klinkert revised his Malay translation into Arabic characters for the Bible Society in 1886.
In the Old Testament Klinkert used Allah as a translation for the singular Hebrew Elohim, and used ilah, as well as dewa, and berhala for plural gods. Klinkert made these theological decisions without a good knowledge of Hebrew. Klinkert knew that a good translation was only possible with the cooperation of others, but he felt easily insulted when others critiqued his work.
List of Works.
Dictionaries:

</doc>
<doc id="31084021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084021" title="Shou Qiu">
Shou Qiu

Shou Qiu () is a historical site on the eastern outskirts of the city of Qufu in Shandong Province, China. According to the legend, Shou Qiu is the birthplace of the Yellow Emperor. 
The site features two giant turtle-borne steles with a small lake between them. The western stele is known as the "Qing Shou" Stele (); the eastern stele as the "Wan Ren Chou" Stele (), supposedly because it took so many people to move it. The site's memorial to the Yellow Emperor was built in 1012 CE, during the Xuanhe era of the Huizong Emperor of the Song Dynasty. The steles were also carved on site during the time, but were left lying on the ground unfinished, because the Song Dynasty lost control of the area to the invading Jurchens in the Jin–Song wars. 
After suffering further damage during the Cultural Revolution, the steles were restored in 1992. Missing fragments that could not be located had to be replaced; some say that this resulted in some changes of the giant tortoises' appearance: according to a knowledgeable local guide, "the older claws were sharper and showed more strength. The newer replicas are flabby and lack character."
With more than in height, the steles are among the tallest in China. The "Wan Ren Chou" Stele, which (including the turtle base and the dragon crown) is 16.95 m tall, 3.75 m wide, 1.14 m thick, and weighs 250 tons, is often said to be the largest blank stele in China.

</doc>
<doc id="31084026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084026" title="Sky Regional Airlines">
Sky Regional Airlines

Sky Regional Airlines is an airline with its corporate headquarters on the property of Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport in Toronto, Ontario. Linked with Skyservice Business Aviation, it began operation under the Air Canada Express banner as of May 1, 2011. The airline offers daily flights between Toronto Island and Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. 
Since October 2012, Sky Regional has also been operating Air Canada Express flights between Montreal and Moncton, New Brunswick.
Since March 2013, Sky Regional operates a fleet of Embraer 175 jets to US destinations such as New York, Newark, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, and Dallas/Fort Worth.
Fleet.
In 2010, Air Canada leased the Bombardier Q400s and began sub-leasing them to Sky Regional. The aircraft were previously operated by Lynx Aviation of Denver. They were delivered to Sky Regional between November 2010 and the beginning of 2011. The aircraft are configured with 74 seats, similar to the Porter fleet. The planes are painted in Air Canada Express livery.
Air Canada started to transfer its 15 Embraer 175 planes to Sky Regional in April 2013 and completed the transfer in September 2013. Sky Regional are operating flights under the Air Canada Express banner mainly from Toronto and Montreal to cities in the U.S. Northeast.

</doc>
<doc id="31084027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084027" title="Taeko Fukao">
Taeko Fukao

Career.
Fukao started her professional singing career as an R&B singer while studying law at Doshisha University in Kyoto. Her interest in black music such as soul and jazz brought her to New York City in 1998. After six months of study in the US, Fukao returned to Japan where she continued to pursue her music career. She won a grand prize at the 1999 Satin Dall Jazz Competition in Kobe, Japan. Although she found the Japanese jazz scene interesting, Fukao knew that in order to fully understand jazz, she would have to return to New York City.
Fukao returned to New York City in 2000, and started to work in small venues such as Carpo's Cafe, San Marco, New Tokyo in Downtown Manhattan. In mid-2003, she became a featured artist at Mobay Uptown in Harlem, which continues to this day. Fukao made her first appearance at the Blue Note Jazz Club, located in New York, in late 2003.
After a few years of regular jazz club appearances between the US and Japan such as Zinc Bar, Lenox Lounge, Saint Nick's Pub in New York, J in Tokyo, and Mister Kelly's in Osaka, Fukao has released her first album with Flat Nine Records in New York in late 2007, titled "One Love". In the same year, Fukao won a finalist position at the Jazz Vocal Competition presented by Jazzmobile, Inc. held in New York City. Taeko has first appeared at; the Women in Jazz Festival in New York in 2009 along with Annie Ross and Cynthia Scott, presented by the International Women in Jazz, Inc.; the Hartford Jazz Society's Monday Night Jazz Concert Series at the Bushnell Park in Hartford, Connecticut in 2009; the Biwako Jazz Festival in Shiga, Japan in 2010; the Okazaki Jazz Street in Aichi, Japan in 2010; and the Cape May Jazz Festival in New Jersey, USA in November 2010. Fukao sang the National Anthem at Japan Run in Central Park 2011. Fukao was a featured artist at the 5th annual Japan Day at Central Park in New York City 2011.
Fukao recorded her second album with Flat Nine Records in 2010, titled "Voice". She recorded compositions by various American and Japanese artists such as Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Duke Ellington, Sly and the Family Stone, Marvin Gaye, Ryoichi Hattori, and Taro Oguchi, among whom is Doug Carn, a Florida-based American jazz pianist who is best known for a series of his recordings for Black Jazz Records in 1970s. Fukao was hired for Doug Carn's group in early 2011 and is touring the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="31084031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084031" title="Yadavilli (disambiguation)">
Yadavilli (disambiguation)

Yadavilli is a village in West Godavari, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Yadavilli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31084045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084045" title="Rolleston Statue">
Rolleston Statue

The Rolleston Statue is a white marble statue situated outside Canterbury Museum in Christchurch, New Zealand. It commemorates William Rolleston, who was Superintendent of the Canterbury Province from 1868 until 1877.
History.
Rolleston was the fourth and last Canterbury Superintendent. He was also a Member of Parliament, from 1868 to 1899 with two breaks in the later years.
Rolleston was the politician who was instrumental in the establishment of the Canterbury Museum and the Canterbury College, which now houses the Arts Centre. It was thus seen as appropriate to place the statue outside the museum, with Rolleston looking across Antigua Street (with this section since renamed to Rolleston Avenue) at the Canterbury College.
The statue, by English sculptor Herbert Hampton, was unveiled in 1906, where it stood on a stone plinth. The plinth reads: "William Rolleston Superintendent of Canterbury 1866–1876."
At the time of its unveiling, the sculpture was regarded as a good likeness of Rolleston though has been criticised in more recent times as being "rigid" and "lacking surface interest" when compared to the other Christchurch statues sculpted by Thomas Woolner and George Lawson. The statue toppled off its plinth during the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and the head broke off.
Heritage listing.
On 26 November 1981, the statue was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category II historic place, with the registration number being 1946. It is one of the three statues that commemorate superintendents of Canterbury (the other statues commemorate James FitzGerald and William Sefton Moorhouse) and they are all placed on Rolleston Avenue (Moorhouse's statue is some distance inside the Botanic Gardens). The three statues thus form an important historical setting.

</doc>
<doc id="31084054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084054" title="Netball in Namibia">
Netball in Namibia

Netball in Namibia is a popular sport, played at the national level.
International Competition.
Namibia competed in the annual Confederation of Southern African Netball Associations (COSANA) tournament in 2008.
The 2010 Nations Cup, called NTUC FairPrice Foundation Nations Cup 2010, was held in December. Namibia beat India 72–32 to capture fifth.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number twenty-four in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31084058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084058" title="Yadavilli (name)">
Yadavilli (name)

Yadavilli (తెలుగు: యడవిల్లి) is the surname of a Telaganya Brahmin family with roots in the state of Andhra Pradesh. Sets of Yadavilli have settled in other cities including Bhimavaram, Rajahmundry, Berhampur, Srikakulam, Visakhapatnam, and Hyderabad. They worship Lord Venkata Ramana as their deity.
They belong Atreya (Atreyasa) Gotra and belong to the pravara - Atreyasa, Aarchanaasa, Syaavaasva.

</doc>
<doc id="31084066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084066" title="VII Army Corps (Germany)">
VII Army Corps (Germany)

German VII. Corps (VII. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II. It was destroyed in August 1944 during the Jassy–Kishinev Offensive (August 1944).

</doc>
<doc id="31084076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084076" title="Tajikistani presidential election, 1994">
Tajikistani presidential election, 1994

Presidential elections were held in Tajikistan on 6 November 1994. The result was a victory for Emomalii Rahmonov, who was supported (but not officially nominated) by the Communist Party of Tajikistan and won 59.5% of the vote. Voter turnout was 95.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31084077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084077" title="Edward J. Burke">
Edward J. Burke

Edward J. "Eddie" Burke (December 4, 1945 – March 23, 2009) was an American college basketball coach who led the Drexel Dragons men's basketball program from 1977–1991.
Early life and high school.
Burke was born in 1945, the fourth of five children. He liked to remark that he was the only one of his siblings that did not enter the religious life. He attended St. Joseph's Prep, where he played point guard on their high school basketball team. With NBA player Matt Guokas, Burke was a part of the 1962 Philadelphia Catholic League championship team as a junior. The team lost to West Philadelphia High School 61–52 in the city title game. As a senior, Burke led the entire Catholic League in scoring.
College.
Burke played for La Salle University from 1963 to 1967. A large knee injury ended his playing career in his senior season.
Early coaching career.
After Burke graduated from La Salle, he earned a job as freshman coach at his alma mater, St. Joseph's Prep. He was soon promoted to head coach, and won the 1971 Catholic League Championship. Phil Martelli, current coach of St. Joseph's, was a member of that team, and said that Burke "made coaching personal. It was about you as a person. He used a lot of humor. He made you want to practice, and he made you want to play." The following year, Burke coached St. Thomas More High School to a Catholic League title, winning the Catholic League Coach of the Year honors for the second straight season. He is the only coach to accomplish this feat at two different high schools. St. Thomas More closed in 1975, and Burke came to Bishop McDevitt and West Catholic for one year each.
Drexel.
Drexel hired Burke as their new head coach in 1977. His top assistants were Villanova coach Jay Wright and former Bucknell coach Pat Flannery. His best season was in 1985–86, when his Dragons, led by Michael Anderson, won 19 games and defeated Hofstra in the East Coast Conference title game to earn a bid to the school's first NCAA Tournament. Drexel received a 15 seed, and lost to eventual national champion Louisville 93–73 in the first round. Following the season, he was named East Coast Conference Coach of the Year and Michael Anderson became the first Drexel player to make the NBA. In 1987, he coached the Dragons to an upset over the David Robinson-led Navy Midshipmen at the Palestra. 
Burke was released by Drexel on March 8, 1991 after finishing the year 12–16, the third consecutive losing season. According to Richard E. Woodring, the Drexel vice president for student life, Drexel wanted to head in a "new direction" as the school moved to the North Atlantic Conference in 1991–92. He was replaced by George Washington assistant Bill Herrion. In Burke's 14 seasons, he compiled a record of 205–189. His 205 victories are the second most of any Drexel coach.
Later life.
After his stint at Drexel, Burke returned to coaching St. Joseph's Prep, wher he coached from 1992 to 1999. In 1999, he became the school's director of alumni relations and held the post until 2004. Upon retiring, he began to redo his family's restaurant, Burke's Inn, in Havertown, Pennsylvania. He added to the menu and turned the tavern into a sports bar.
Death.
In 2009, Burke was diagnosed with lung cancer. He was about to receive treatment when he died on March 23 in Havertown at the age of 63. He was survived by his wife, Bette Ann; his children, Melissa, Maureen, and Brendan; and 
two grandchildren. Burke was buried at Holy Cross Cemetery in Yeadon.
Career coaching record.
The career coaching record of Edward J. Burke is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31084081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084081" title="Yadavilli, Kurnool">
Yadavilli, Kurnool

Ya-da-villi village is located in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh. There is another village in West Godavari district in the same state.

</doc>
<doc id="31084171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084171" title="Ross RS-1 Zanonia">
Ross RS-1 Zanonia

The Ross RS-1 Zanonia is a single seat, gull-winged glider that was designed and built in 1937 by Harland Ross for actor Harvey Stephens. The design has been highly successful and the aircraft won several competitions, as well as setting many records.
Design and development.
Stephens commissioned Ross to build the Zanonia in 1937 and the aircraft was completed in time for Ross to fly it in the 1937 US Nationals. The aircraft was named after the Zanonia tropical flowering plant, the seeds of which are good gliders. The designation indicates "Ross-Stephens". The general layout of the glider was inspired by the Lippisch Fafnir II.
The Zanonia is an all-wood design, with a mid-gull wing. Take-off is performed from a dolly and landing is on a fixed skid. Only one was built and it is registered as an amateur-built.
Operational history.
The Zanonia made its contest debut with Ross flying it in the 1937 US Nationals, where he placed third, but completed his Silver C badge. The aircraft won second place in the Eaton Design Contest to the Schultz ABC, a competition that was open to any new American glider design that had not been flown at a previous National Championship. The rules required drawings and stress analysis data to be presented with the completed aircraft. The intention was that the winning design would be made available as drawings and kits for amateur construction and that Bureau of Air Commerce design approval would be eventually obtained as well.
Later the aircraft was sold to John Robinson who established the aircraft's reputation, flying it to first place in the 1940, 1941 and 1946 US Nationals. Robinson also placed third in the 1947 nationals and took second place in the 1948 nationals. Robinson also set many records in the Zanonia, including setting a US national distance record of in 1940 and again in 1947 with a flight of . In 1949 he set a US national altitude record of . In 1949 Robinson also completed the world's first Diamond badge in the Zanonia.
The aircraft is still registered to private owners in 2011 and is based in Andover, Connecticut. In the spring of 2011 the Zanonia was undergoing a restoration with plans to display it at the 2012 International Vintage Sailplane Meet in Elmira, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="31084202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084202" title="Raigmore">
Raigmore

Raigmore (Gaelic: An Ràthaig Mhòr) is an area in the east of the city of Inverness, in the Highland council area of Scotland. The name is from the Gaelic for "the large fortified dwelling".
The southern part of Raigmore is the location of Raigmore Hospital, the main hospital for Inverness and the Highlands. To the north is a housing estate, which includes Raigmore Primary School and a community centre.
The A9 road passes by to the east of Raigmore, and connects with the A96 road at the Raigmore Interchange, to the north east of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="31084227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084227" title="Fort Dodge (disambiguation)">
Fort Dodge (disambiguation)

Fort Dodge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31084261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084261" title="Uzbekistan national beach soccer team">
Uzbekistan national beach soccer team

The Uzbekistan national beach soccer team represents Uzbekistan in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the UFF, the governing body for football in Uzbekistan.
Current squad.
The following is the squad picked to play at the 2010 Asian Beach Games. A number of these players featured at the 2011 world cup qualifiers in March 2011.
"Correct as of December 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="31084274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084274" title="The Sea Change">
The Sea Change

The Sea Change is a 1998 British-Spanish comedy film directed by Michael Bray and starring Maryam d'Abo, Sean Chapman and Ray Winstone. A workaholic British banker neglects his girlfriend. However, after his plane is delayed and he is forced to spend time in Barcelona he adopts a new life attitude.

</doc>
<doc id="31084280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084280" title="Ángel Guirado">
Ángel Guirado

Ángel Guirado Aldeguer (born 9 December 1984) is a Filipino professional footballer who plays for CD Olímpic de Xàtiva as a midfielder or a second striker. He also represents the Philippines at international level.
Club career.
Born in Málaga, Andalusia, Guirado was an unsuccessful youth graduate at hometown club Málaga CF, going to play for two other clubs before completing his formation. He started his senior career in 2003 with CE Mataró (preseason games only), moving to Catalonia neighbours CE Manresa in Tercera División shortly after and returning to his native region after the year was over, signing for Córdoba CF in Segunda División; during his spell in the category he appeared in only nine games (out of 42) as the 2004–05 season ended in relegation, and represented mainly the B-side, in both the fourth division and the regional leagues.
Following a brief loan spell with Atlético Madrid B in Segunda División B, Guirado joined Deportivo de La Coruña for €50.000, but only appeared officially for the reserves, also being loaned twice during the 2006–07 campaign, playing 18 games for UD Vecindario (second level) and CD Lugo (third) combined. He spent the following three seasons in division three with as many teams, being relegated twice.
In early October 2010, Guirado signed for fourth division club CD Ronda. However, in the summer of 2011, he decided not to renew his contract in order to explore other possibilities, with scouts from China, Indonesia, Japan and the United Arab Emirates following his progress.
On 13 August 2011, Guirado signed a deal with Global FC in the Philippines. He was sent off in his first match against Philippine Army FC, and scored his first goal on 30 January 2012 in a 5–1 win over Manila Nomads FC.
On 17 August 2012, Guirado signed a one-year contract with I-League side Salgaocar FC. Before the end of the year the club terminated his contract, citing poor performances and prolonged absence due to national team duty. In total he made a combined eight appearances and scored three goals, between the league and the Federation Cup.
On 4 September 2013, Global FC announced that the lad has signed back to them with Spanish Rufo Sanchez.
International career.
On 26 February 2011, it was reported that Guirado would join the Philippines national football team due to his ancestry. He made his debut in the 1–1 draw against Myanmar on 21 March, in the 2012 AFC Challenge Cup qualification tournament.
On his third appearance, for the same competition, Guirado scored two goals in the second half of the 3–0 away win against Bangladesh.
Personal life.
Born to a Filipina mother who hails from Ilagan, Isabela, Guirado started playing football when he was six years old. He is a cousin of Caloy Garcia, a Filipino basketball assistant coach (namely with the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association), and is also a distant uncle of ABS-CBN star model and actress Coleen Garcia.
Guirado's older brother, Juan Luis, is also a footballer. A defender, he spent most of his career in amateur football, appearing in 80 games in the third division for four teams, and also represented the Philippines internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="31084320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084320" title="Shifra Smart Homes">
Shifra Smart Homes

Shifra Smart Homes (Arabic: شيفرة للمنازل الذكية )is a home automation provider based out of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. Shifra Smart Homes provide control systems for lighting, appliances, air conditioning, motorized curtains, Infrared systems, security, video surveillance, multi-room audio, and multi-room video and home theater systems.
Technology.
Shifra Smart Homes provides wireless smart home solutions in the middle east catered to individual residential villas, luxury yachts, as well as real estate developments. The majority of their systems rely on the Z-Wave wireless standard which has characteristics of being an inter-operable, secure, 2-way, wireless mesh based technology created by the Z-Wave Alliance and owned by Sigma Designs.
Soon after their launch in 2010, SME Advisor granted Shifra Smart Homes their "Stars of Business" industry achievement award in the construction and real estate category for being a prominent player for Z-Wave wireless technology in the residential market in the middle east.
In 2011, the company has also been granted the "Best Integrated Home Technology" during an award ceremony held by http://www.palme-middleeast.com.
Products.
Shifra Smart Homes's main vendors include Honeywell for lighting and appliance control, Somfy for curtain control, Global Cache for infrared and RS-232 based control systems, Sonos for multi-room audio, and Acer for Media Center based multimedia solutions

</doc>
<doc id="31084335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084335" title="Health and Interprofessional Practice">
Health and Interprofessional Practice

'Health and Interprofessional Practice' is an open access peer-reviewed public health journal publishing original research and reviews on interprofessional education and practice among health care providers from different disciplines to inform patient-centered care.
Scope.
Starting in September 2011, the journal seeks to publish original research, reviews and educational materials in areas related to interprofessional care and education, to inform evidence-based practice in health care. Articles may focus on the following areas: original theory & research (both quantitative and qualitative); case-based learning; cross-cultural issues in care; review articles (systematic reviews and meta-analysis), and other types of reviews and commentaries.
Editor-in-Chief.
The Editor-in-Chief of "Health and Interprofessional Practice" is James Kundart, Assistant Professor of Optometry in the College of Optometry at Pacific University in Forest Grove, Oregon. He received his B.S. in Astronomy and Astrophysics and B.A. in History from Pennsylvania State University in 1993. He matriculated from Pacific University in 1999 with a Doctorate in Optometry, and a Masters of Education, Visual Function in Learning.
Editorial Board.
Associate Editors 

</doc>
<doc id="31084337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084337" title="1984 New Zealand rugby league season">
1984 New Zealand rugby league season

The 1984 New Zealand rugby league season was the 77th season of rugby league that had been played in New Zealand. The main feature of the year was the Interdistricts Series competition that was run by the New Zealand Rugby League. Auckland won the series, defeating the other three inter-district teams.
International competitions.
The Great Britain side toured New Zealand in July. They opened the tour by defeating Northern Districts, who featured Russell Stewart before losing the first Test match against the New Zealand Kiwis 0-12. They then defeated the New Zealand Māori side 19-8 and Central Districts, who included Sam Stewart, 38-6 before losing the second Test match, and the series, 12-28. They defeated the South Island 36-14 before losing the third and final Test match 16-32. The South Island side included Glen Gibb, Robin Alfeld, Marty Crequer, David Field, Wayne Dwyer, Wayne Wallace, Ross Taylor, Barry Edkins and Adrian Shelford. The tour finished with a match against Auckland, which they lost 16-18 in front of 7,000 fans at Carlaw Park. Auckland were coached by Bob Bailey and included; Darrell Williams, Cedric Lovett, Dean Bell, captain Ron O'Regan, Joe Ropati, Shane Cooper, Clayton Friend, Kevin Tamati, Lindsay Hooker, Ricky Cowan, John Ackland, Steve Howells and Owen Wright. Bench: Afi Ah Kuoi and John Zwart.
Before the tour a Kiwis trial match was held with the sides being coached by Mike McClennan and John O'Sullivan. The Kiwis were coached by Graham Lowe and for all three tests the side was: Gary Kemble, Dane O'Hara, James Leuluai, Fred Ah Kuoi, Dean Bell, Olsen Filipaina, Shane Varley, Kevin Tamati, Howard Tamati, Dane Sorensen, Owen Wright, Kurt Sorensen, Hugh McGahan. Bench: Clayton Friend and Riki Cowan.
In June, before the Great Britain tour, a home based New Zealand side lost to Queensland 18-14 in Brisbane. The side for the Brisbane match was: Nick Wright, Joe Ropati, Dean Bell, Ron O'Regan, Marty Crequer, David Field, Clayton Friend, Riki Cowan, Wayne Wallace, Vern Wilson, Owen Wright, Russell Tuuta, Hugh McGahan. Bench: Robin Alfeld and Chappie Pine.
A Queensland Country side had earlier toured the country in May–June, the side defeated the South Island and Northern Districts but lost to Auckland 2-28. Auckland had earlier lost a Panasonic Cup match 18-25 to Queensland Country to be eliminated from the tournament.
A New Zealand Universities side toured Great Britain and France, defeating English University Students 24-4 but losing to French Universities 8-0.
During the season a match between Europe and Oceania was held in France to celebrate the French Rugby League's 50th year. Graham Lowe was appointed the Oceania coach with Robin Alfeld, Dean Bell, Howie Tamati, Kevin Tamati, Mark Graham, Shane Varley and Hugh McGahan all invited to play in the side.
Kevin Tamati won the New Zealand Rugby League's Player of the Year award.
National competitions.
Rugby League Cup.
Wellington defended the Rugby League Cup with Taranaki being their only challenger. Wellington defeated Taranaki 30-12 at Rugby League Park in Wellington with Mike Kuiti, Sam Stewart and George Lajpold representing Wellington.
Interdistricts Series.
The Travelseekers Interdistricts Series included Auckland, Northern Districts, Central Districts and the South Island. Auckland defeated the South Island 22-18.
National Provincial Competition.
A final between Canterbury and Waikato was not played as no suitable date could be found.
South Island Second Division.
This was the last time a combined Otago-Southland would play until 1998, with the districts splitting after the 1984 season.
National Club Competition.
The national club competition, called the Tusk Cup for sponsorship reasons, was won by the Mt Albert Lions who defeated the Randwick Kingfishers 24-10 in the final. The final was held at Carlaw Park.
Club competitions.
Auckland.
Mount Albert defeated minor premiers Otahuhu 25-6 in the Fox Memorial grand final. City-Newton won the Sharman Cup. The pre season tournament was won by Manukau. Mt Albert won the Roope Rooster, played as a mid-week knock out competition.
Otahuhu were then defeated 32-13 by the touring Wynnum Manly Seagulls.
Wellington.
The Randwick Kingfishers defended their Wellington Rugby League title, defeating Marist-Northern 28-14 in the Grand Final. Randwick included Sam Stewart, Kevin Tamati and George Lajpold. Mike Kuiti played for Upper Hutt.
Sam Stewart won the Best and Fairest award.
Canterbury.
Hornby, who included Marty Crequer, Ross Taylor, Wayne Wallace and Adrian Shelford, defended their Canterbury Rugby League title. They defeated Halswell 22-12 in the grand final.
Hornby then defeated Runanga 50-12 to retain the Thacker Shield for Canterbury.
Adrian Shelford was the CRL's Sportsman of the Year.
Hornby High School won the High School grand final.
Other Competitions.
Taniwharau won the Waikato Rugby League grand final, in the first year of the competition since the Waikato and Hamilton districts amalgamated. Taniwharau, who included Rick Muru, defeated the Hamilton City Tigers 15-8.
Piako won the Bay of Plenty Rugby League competition, defeating Central 22-14 in the grand final. Minor premiers Central were coached by Tony Gordon.
The Waitara Bears, led by Howie Tamati, won the Taranaki Rugby League grand final, defeating Western Suburbs 8-2.
The Omahu Huias won the Hawkes Bay Rugby League competition by defeating He Tauaa 30-18.
Runanga won their sixth consecutive West Coast Rugby League championship.
A six team competition was played in Otago-Southland.

</doc>
<doc id="31084345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084345" title="As If (EP)">
As If (EP)

As If (stylized as As If!) is the debut extended play (EP) by American recording artist Sky Ferreira. It was released on March 22, 2011 by Capitol Records, in place of her frequently-delayed debut studio album, which eventually became "Night Time, My Time" (2013). Its lead single "Sex Rules" was released on March 1, 2011.
Background.
Ferreira, who had been in contact with music from an early age, started recording professionally when she was 14. This move was done by Ferreira after going to a Daft Punk concert, which she credited with having "changed life"; she also started going to nightclubs and listening to dance music. From there on, Ferreira began making several demos with friends on audio-specializing program GarageBand, and uploading them onto her MySpace account.
Ferreira also produced remixes for other musicians; for example, a remix of a song by American band The Virgins, produced by her, gained attention online and peaked atop The Hype Machine chart. After the production duo Bloodshy & Avant noticed them, Ferreira was introduced to several "major" record labels which became interested in signing her, as well as producers who wanted to work with her. That interest led to a bidding war between several labels, who according to Ferreira, viewed her as a "way of making money". 
Due to promises that she would have "creative freedom" and control, Ferreira ultimately opted for EMI Music. Six months after, she realized that those claims were false, as the executives at the label largely controlled her creative decisions. While recording, Ferreira started working with independent producers, such as Paul Epworth, however the label suggested collaborations with more known musicians—for example, Dr. Luke—as part of a process which was described as "mould" Ferreira "into the perfect little pop robot".
Release and promotion.
Ferreira released two songs in 2010, titled "17" and "One". While the former did not chart, the latter managed to peak at number 64 on the UK Singles Chart. "Obsession" was announced as the lead single from her planned debut, and scheduled for US radio release in September of that year. Simultaneously, the album was announced for a January 11, 2011 release. "Obsession", however, was not able to enter any record chart with the exception of the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs. After EMI lost money on promoting Ferreira, the label reduced her budget "dramatically", ultimately leading to the cancellation of the album.
However, the album was postponed and "As If" was announced for release on March 22, 2011 by Capitol Records. Prior to the extended play's release, "Sex Rules" was issued as a promotional single on March 1, 2011. Ferreira and "Sex Rules" were concurrently featured in the advertisement campaign for Calvin Klein's CK One brand.
Composition.
Unlike Ferreira's later work, her first EP was heavily pop-centric, relying mostly on synthesizers and electronic drums, with no acoustic instruments. On the opening track "Sex Rules", Ferreira sings over an 80's-pop style beat about sexual liberation, instructing the listener to "Use your god-given tools". "Traces" is a slower ballad produced by Colin Monroe and co-written by English artist Neon Hitch. It contains a dark piano melody, with subtle strings hidden behind robotic dubstep whines and beats. "Haters Anonymous" is an abstract electronic thumper where Sky reads the lyrics in a low droning voice, speaking about media backlash and the hypocrisy of her critics. "99 Tears" contains a screaming Siouxsie and The Banshees sample at the intro, followed by more 80's electropop. Lyrically the song is about revenge on an ex-lover. The closing track "108" tells an abstract tale of a deranged girl in love with an immortal being. The lyrics are stuttered and chanted over melancholic electronic-pop, with Bloodshy & Avant's signature piano arpeggio's and vintage theremin samples.
Critical reception.
Upon release, "As If" received polarizing responses from music journalists. Caryn Ganz of "Rolling Stone" provided a positive review for the extended play, awarding it a rating of three and a half stars out of five. Ganz described it as "incredibly fun" and while expounding on Ferreira's internet hype, she stated that the record proved that "the heat isn't just hot air". MuuMuse's Bradley Stern echoed praise for the disc, deeming it a "rock solid" "perfect pop production" and favoring Ferreira's musicality and personality. Writing for "The New York Times", Jon Caramanica typed a more mixed critique—while he highlighted "As If"s "inevitability" and its production, he criticized Ferreira's "dry" "delivery" and the songs' lyricism. On a negative side, Caile Michelle from MVRemix characterized the extended play as "another pretty-faced pop product" and a "self-indulgent, juvenile vanity trash that has inexplicably gotten confused as music".
Track listing.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "As If".

</doc>
<doc id="31084354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084354" title="1986 USSR Federation Cup">
1986 USSR Federation Cup

The 1st USSR Federation Cup was brief and took place between 21 September through 4 November. Its final was played at the Republican Stadium in Chişinău.

</doc>
<doc id="31084359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084359" title="Therese Torgersson">
Therese Torgersson

Therese Torgersson (born 1976) is a Swedish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. She won a bronze medal in the 470 class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, together with Vendela Zachrisson.

</doc>
<doc id="31084372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084372" title="Cherry Street Bridge">
Cherry Street Bridge

Cherry Street Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31084376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084376" title="Imperium (video game)">
Imperium (video game)

Imperium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31084384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084384" title="Saúl Álvarez vs. Matthew Hatton">
Saúl Álvarez vs. Matthew Hatton

Saúl Álvarez vs. Matthew Hatton was a 154-pound world title fight, that aired on HBO's "Boxing After Dark". Rising Mexican star Saul Alvarez fought, and defeated former junior lightweight champion Ricky Hatton's younger brother Matthew Hatton in his first time headlining a big undercard in the United States. It was the first time for either fighter to challenge for a major belt in any division.
The fight.
Alvarez dominated nearly every minute and unanimously outpointed Matthew Hatton on Saturday night to win the vacant WBC 154-pound belt, adding another superlative to a top boxing prospect's remarkable rise.
Alvarez (36-0-1, 26 KOs) picked apart Hatton from the opening bell, peppering the smaller Englishman with head shots and using his brute power. Hatton (41-5-2) twice went to the canvas after getting hit out of a break with Alvarez, but wasn't seriously hurt either time.
All three judges scored the bout 119-108, meaning Alvarez won every round on every card. He lost one point for an illegal punch in the seventh round, which was uniformly scored 9-9.
Alvarez landed 47 percent of his 626 punches, including 53 percent of his power shots, while Hatton connected with just 25 percent of his 546 total blows.
Reported fight earnings.
These are the payouts to some of the fighters. These are the California State Athletic Commission purses as per the California bout agreements. They does not include sponsor money or other common forms of revenue paid through other streams. In California, if a fighter is more than two pounds overweight he is automatically penalized 20 percent of his purse and the weigh-in is over.
The fine will stand against Saul Alvarez, who weighed in at 151.8 pounds and will forfeit $70,000 of his $350,000 purse. The Hatton camp asked Alvarez to try to lose the weight, which he agreed to do after a spirited discussion. When he came back to the scale about an hour later,he failed to make the limit of 150, when he in at 151.4 on the scale.

</doc>
<doc id="31084388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084388" title="Rene Morgan La Montagne, Sr.">
Rene Morgan La Montagne, Sr.

Rene Morgan La Montagne, Sr. (1856–1910) was treasurer and director of E. Montagne's Sons, a champion polo player, and one of the founders of the Rockaway Hunt Club in Cedarhurst, New York on Long Island.
Biography.
He was born in 1856 and he later married Laura L. Morgan. He had as his son, Rene Morgan La Montagne, Jr. He died in 1910 of typhoid.

</doc>
<doc id="31084392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084392" title="Vendela Zachrisson">
Vendela Zachrisson

Vendela Zachrisson (born 11 June 1978) is a Swedish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. She won a bronze medal in the 470 class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, together with Therese Torgersson.

</doc>
<doc id="31084400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084400" title="Zietz">
Zietz

Zietz is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31084447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084447" title="Panther (video game)">
Panther (video game)

Panther may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31084496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084496" title="Danny Srisuriya">
Danny Srisuriya

Danny Srisuriya (born January 22) is an Tamil Actor, Director, Producer and a prominent European Tamil figure. 
Background.
Danny was born to Sri Lankan Tamil parents in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. When he was 3, he moved to London, United Kingdom. It was there where he took part in many plays, performing on different stages all around Europe. In 2008 he was cast in Deepam TV's long running hit drama "Pidikala Pidikala". He made his film debut in 2008 "Un Paathai Sarithaana" and in 2009 starred in Krishnaavin Ninaivukal. He is currently working on "Ishtama.. Kashtama.. ?" and two untitled projects simultaneously, which are expected to have a worldwide release around next summer.

</doc>
<doc id="31084513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084513" title="Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics">
Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics

The Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics (CMMT) is part of the University of British Columbia's Faculty of Medicine. The Centre is located at the Child & Family Research Institute (CFRI) in Vancouver, Canada. Research at the centre is focused on discovering genetic susceptibility to illnesses such as Huntington Disease, Type 2 diabetes and bipolar disorder. 
In 2008, the director and founder of the Centre, Dr. Michael Hayden, was named "Researcher of the Year" by the Canada Institutes of Health Research. In 2011, he was appointed to the Order of Canada in 2011 for his contributions to Huntington's Disease research. 
Principal investigators within the Centre are involved in other initiatives. Dr. Daniel Goldowitz is the Scientific Director of NeuroDevNet, which is a Canada Networks of Centres of Excellence. The life sciences research laboratory consists of over 200 staff, eight of whom are UBC faculty members. Four of the principal investigators at the Centre are Canada Research Chairs.
Corporate history.
CMMT’s development started in the early nineties with an informal discussion between CMMT’s current Director, Dr. Michael Hayden, and Merck Frosst. In 1992, a $15 million commitment over five years from Merck Frosst Canada provided the initial funding for CMMT. The following year, in 1993, UBC Board of Governors and Senate approved CMMT as the first Centre in the Faculty of Medicine. That same year, the province of British Columbia pledged $9 million to build a dedicated building for CMMT. 
In 1998, the current CMMT building, located at the Child & Family Research Institute on the BC Children’s and Women’s Hospital site was completed and the Transgenic Core Facility was established. During 1999 and 2000, the Scientific Stores Core Facility and the DNA Sequencing Core Facility were established. 
Since 2000, CMMT has further expanded its facilities and services, including the addition of a Bioanalyzer Core Facility in 2003, expansion of the Transgenic Core Facility in 2005 and the establishment of the Genotype and Gene Expression Core Facility in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31084516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084516" title="Štěch">
Štěch

Štěch is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31084540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084540" title="PSA HYbrid4">
PSA HYbrid4

HYbrid4 is PSA Peugeot-Citroën's in-house developed hybrid powertrain system, shared between the two manufacturers. It commonly takes the form of a diesel engine coupled with an electric motor to provide a 4WD hybrid with a short fully electric range. The system made its production debut on the Peugeot 3008 HYbrid4 in 2012, emitting 99g of carbon dioxide per kilometer. The 3008 HYbrid4 returns combined fuel consumption of 3.8 litres/100 km, beating the smaller Toyota Prius. It also operates in four driver-selected modes: Auto, Sport, ZEV (pure-electric) and 4WD. This technology is not as a widespread in Europe as it is in the USA and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31084552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084552" title="European Film Award for Best Film">
European Film Award for Best Film

European Film Award for Best Film has been awarded annually since 1988 by the European Film Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31084567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084567" title="Terri-Amber Carlson">
Terri-Amber Carlson

Terri-Amber Carlson (born 26 April 1990), is an association football player who has represented New Zealand at international level. She plays her club football with Glenfield Rovers.
Carlson was a member of the New Zealand U-20 side at the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, making just one appearance at the finals in Germany.
Carlson and Olivia Chance were the only two new caps included in the women's national team to contest the 2011 Cyprus Cup where she made her début as a substitute in a 2-1 win over to Switzerland in their second game on 4 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31084596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084596" title="Shaohao Tomb">
Shaohao Tomb

The Shaohao Tomb () is a pyramid shaped monument located in the north-east of Jiuxian Village, on the eastern outskirts of the city of Qufu in Shandong Province, China. The monument honors Shaohao, the son of the first mythical Chinese emperor (the Yellow Emperor) and one of the mythical five emperors himself. The monument is unique in China because of its pyramid-shaped stone construction. It consists of a tomb mount that has been covered with stone slabs during the reign of the Song Dynasty emperor Huizong in 1111 CE. The entire pyramid is 28.5 meters wide and 8.73 meters high. On its flat top stands a small pavilion that houses a statue of Shao Hao. The tomb stands inside a compound with many old trees, chiefly thujas planted on the orders of the emperor Qianlong, who visited the site in 1748.
The rather unusual design of this monument has long attracted visitors' notice. As Rev. A. Williamson, who visited the site in 1865, wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="31084598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084598" title="Milorad Bata Mihailović">
Milorad Bata Mihailović

Milorad Bata Mihailović (, Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Бата Михаиловић; 8 February 1923 – April 23, 2011) was a Serbian painter and member of the Serbian Academy of Arts and Sciences, who lived and worked in Paris and Belgrade.
Biography.
Mihailović was born in Pančevo, and moved as a child with his family to Belgrade. It was while he was in the army, that Mihailović enrolled the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law. At the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade in 1946, Mihalović was admitted immediately to the second semester in the class of professor Ivan Tabaković. Searching for the artistic freedom in a gloomy communist Yugoslavia, Mihalović went to Zadar 1947 where the whole group of young Serbian painters came. The Zadar group comprised also young and gifted painters such as Mića Popović, Ljubinka Jovanović, Petar Omčikus, Kosa Bokšan and Vera Božičković. The group came from the Academy of the 1947, then founded the artistic group "Eleven" with which Mihailović had exhibitions until 1951. Mihailović arrived in Paris with his wife Ljubinka Jovanović, on 9 May 1952, where he lived and works occasionally returning to Belgrade. 
Since 1947, when he first exhibited in Belgrade, Mihailović had roughly a hundred group exhibitions on all continents. His first solo exhibition was arranged in 1951 in Belgrade and a retrospective at Art Gallery 'Cvijeta Zuzorić' of Belgrade in 1981.
Strongly devouted to medieval Serbian art, culture and history, Mihalović painted dozens of works inspired by the fresco paintings from the Serbian monasteries in Kosovo, including Gračanica, Visoki Dečani and Bogorodica Ljeviška.
In 1985, Mihailović was elected member of Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, in The Department of Fine Arts and Music. He died in Paris.
Paintings.
Mihailović started painting in the spirit of realism and traditionalism, and shortly thereafter found the language of expressionism, which are later changed in a few style poetics. If he came to the border abstraction, Mihailović had never crossed that the Rubicon of art. Before he was a follower of intense coloristic painting that had a long tradition in Serbian modernism. His artistic gesture is violent, euphoric, fast, explosive, whirling, without any contemplation during operation. His expressive forms are distorted, barely recognizable, bathed in a rich chromatic range. It is often noted in his work distinctive ornaments and details of the Serbian medieval fresco painting.

</doc>
<doc id="31084659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084659" title="Eddy Stutterheim">
Eddy Stutterheim

Edward "Eddy" Stutterheim (11 August 1908, Amsterdam - April 13, 1977, Opio) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country as at the 1948 Summer Olympics in Torbay. Stutterheim, as crew member on the Dutch Star "BEM II", took the Bronze medal with helmsman Bob Maas. The team returned in 1952 in Helsinki were they took the 7th place.
In the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne Stutterheim was the Dragon crew for the Dutch Olympic team. However after the Soviet invasion in Hungary the Dutch government decided that the Dutch Olympic team would not compete.

</doc>
<doc id="31084660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084660" title="José Jiménez (catcher)">
José Jiménez (catcher)

Jose Jimenez (born January 2, 1987) is a catcher for the Los Angeles Angels. He was drafted in the 47th round of the 2009 MLB draft. He attended the University of Tampa.

</doc>
<doc id="31084663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084663" title="Las Vegas '10">
Las Vegas '10

Las Vegas '10 is a compilation album by German trance producer Markus Schulz.

</doc>
<doc id="31084669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084669" title="Point Blank (video game)">
Point Blank (video game)

Point Blank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31084674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084674" title="Jan Wiegers">
Jan Wiegers

Jan Wiegers (Kommerzijl, 31 July 1893 - Amsterdam, 30 November 1959) was a Dutch expressionist painter.
Wiegers was educated as a sculptor at the Academie Minerva in Groningen, but he also studied painting at the Academies of Rotterdam under A. H. R. Van Maasdijk and The Hague under Frederik Jansen.
Having left the academies he produced paintings, sculptures, wood-carvings and furniture for churches throughout Germany and Switzerland. In 1917 he became a member of the group of artists called De Ploeg (the plough), a similar group to Die Brücke but with a tendency towards abstraction.
During a stay in the Davos in 1920, he became friends with the German Expressionist Ernst Ludwig Kirchner who became a strong influence on his art.
In 1934 he moved to Amsterdam and co-founded the magazine De kroniek van kunst en kultuur. In 1953 he was appointed professor of the National Academy.
References.
Jan Wiegers (1893-1959), Invaluable

</doc>
<doc id="31084685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084685" title="Peak calling">
Peak calling

Peak calling is a computational method used to identify areas in a genome that have been enriched with aligned reads as a consequence of performing a ChIP-sequencing or MeDIP-seq experiment. These areas are those where a protein interacts with DNA. When the protein is a transcription factor, the enriched area is its transcription factor binding site (TFBS). Popular software programs include MACS, etc.. Please see for a survey of the ChIP-seq peak callers, and for a description of practical guidelines for peak calling in ChIP-seq data.
Peak calling may be conducted on transcriptome/exome as well to RNA epigenome sequencing data from MeRIPseq or m6Aseq for detection of post-transcriptional RNA modification sites with software programs, such as exomePeak.
Many of the peak calling tools are optimised for only some kind of assays such as only for transcription-factor ChIP-seq or only for DNase-seq. However new generation of peak callers such as DFilter are based on generalised optimal theory of detection and has been shown to work for nearly all kinds for tag profile signal from next-gen. sequencing. it is also possible to do more complex analysis using such tools like combining multiple ChIP-seq signal to detect regulatory sites.

</doc>
<doc id="31084710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084710" title="Ammonium oxalate">
Ammonium oxalate

Ammonium oxalate, C2H8N2O4 (sometimes written as (NH4)2C2O4), is an oxalate salt with ammonium (sometimes as a monohydrate). It is a colorless salt under standard conditions and is odorless and non-volatile. It is a constituent of some types of kidney stone. Found also in guano.

</doc>
<doc id="31084719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084719" title="Hengsbach">
Hengsbach

Hengsbach is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31084738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084738" title="Kleinfeltersville, Pennsylvania">
Kleinfeltersville, Pennsylvania

Kleinfeltersville is an unincorporated community in Heidelberg Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is almost due east of Schaefferstown on Pennsylvania Route 897.
Kleinfeltersville is one of the longest one-word, unhyphenated place names in the United States recognized by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names. At 17 characters, it is tied with Mooselookmeguntic, Maine. Kleinfeltersville (zip code 17073) is the longest one-word name given to a United States Post Office.
It is the site of the Kleinfeltersville Hotel and Tavern, built before the start of the American Civil War and is also known to outdoorspersons as the community nearest to the Middle Creek Wildlife Management Area, a popular location for birdwatching and other outdoor activities.

</doc>
<doc id="31084739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084739" title="Hengst (disambiguation)">
Hengst (disambiguation)

Hengst may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31084749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084749" title="Koos de Jong">
Koos de Jong

Jacobus Hermanus Hendrik Jan "Koos" de Jong (April 7, 1912 in Rotterdam - August 20, 1993, Capelle aan den IJssel) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1948 Summer Olympics in Torbay. There he won the Bronze medal in the Firefly. De Jong returned in 1952 in the Finn were he took the 4th place.

</doc>
<doc id="31084751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084751" title="Waldeck, Pennsylvania">
Waldeck, Pennsylvania

Waldeck is a census-designated place in SE Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, United States located on Route 501 south of Schaefferstown. It is at the northern foot of South Mountain in Heidelberg Township and is drained by the Hammer Creek southward into the Cocalico Creek. It is served by the Newmanstown zip code with the zip code of 17073. [http://pennsylvania.hometownlocator.com/zip-codes/data,zipcode,17073.cfm]

</doc>
<doc id="31084767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084767" title="Brekeke SIP Server">
Brekeke SIP Server

Brekeke SIP Server is a SIP-based SIP Proxy Server and Registrar. This software was previously known as OnDO SIP Server from 2003 to 2006. Brekeke Software, Inc. released the second version of the software in 2007 and changed its name to Brekeke SIP Server. It authenticates and registers user agents, such as VoIP devices and softphones, and routes SIP sessions between user agents. Brekeke Software, Inc. has developed two versions of this software: Standard Edition and Advanced Edition. Brekeke SIP Server offers SIP over TCP/UDP support, TLS support, original NAT traversal functionality, SIP Redundancy feature, etc. .
The software is provided free for academic-use clients. The academic license request form is available at Brekeke's website.
SIP Compliant.
Brekeke SIP Server is SIP-compliant (RFC 3261 Standard), which ensures that it has the highest level of interoperability with other SIP devices and services. This also makes Brekeke SIP Server interoperable with other clients, such as Google Voice and Skype Connect.
References.
INTERNET TELEPHONY Magazine Product Of The Year Award (2010)
Communications Solutions 2006 Product of the Year Award

</doc>
<doc id="31084791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084791" title="Revolving Doors (Gorillaz song)">
Revolving Doors (Gorillaz song)

"Revolving Doors" is a double A-side single with "Amarillo" released by British virtual band Gorillaz from their fourth studio project, "The Fall".
Background.
"Revolving Doors" was recorded in Boston, Massachusetts on 5 October 2010, during the North American leg of the band's Escape to Plastic Beach World Tour. During an interview on 5th Pirate Radio, band member 2D said of the song: "I wrote the song after I saw a set of revolving doors in a hotel. It reminded me of how far from home I was and how much I was out of place."
Critical reception.
NME gave the single a positive review, stating: "Revolving Doors is very unlike anything Gorillaz have ever done before. As Damon's vocals introduce a fragile human touch to proceedings, Gorillaz' leader spins this lament over gentle guitars and hypnotic chants."

</doc>
<doc id="31084797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084797" title="Canyon Ranch Miami Beach">
Canyon Ranch Miami Beach

Canyon Ranch Miami Beach, also known as the Carillion Residences, is a complex of three high rise luxury condominiums in North Beach, Miami Beach, Florida. It is part of the Canyon Ranch chain of resorts. It is located on the beachfront on the east side of Collins Avenue between 68th and 69th Streets. The Canyon Ranch complex includes the Canyon Ranch North Tower, the 20 floor Canyon Ranch South Tower, the Carillon Hotel building located between the Canyon Ranch Towers on Collins Avenue, as well as the proposed Golden Sands Canyon Ranch proposed to be built north of the Canyon Ranch North Tower. The old Golden Sands Hotel and Lounge is being demolished to make way way for the new Golden Sands building. The 15 story Carillion Hotel building was built in 1955 but was vacant for 15 years until it was renovated in 2007 and became part of the Canyon Ranch complex. The 22 floor Canyon Ranch South Tower is 257 feet (78 meters) tall and was completed in 2008. The tallest building, the north tower of Canyon Ranch is 37 floors and 121 meters (~400 feet) tall, was completed in 2008 and is one of the tallest buildings in Miami Beach. The Canyon Ranch North Tower looks like two separate, connected towers, but both are the North Tower building.

</doc>
<doc id="31084819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084819" title="Honigmann">
Honigmann

Honigmann or Honigman is a German surname meaning "honey-man". Notable people with the surname include:
Honigmann:
Honigman:

</doc>
<doc id="31084874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084874" title="Park Jung-soo">
Park Jung-soo

Park Jung-Soo (; born 13 January 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Chainat Hornbill in Thai Premier League.
Park started his senior career at Daejeon KHNP of Korea National League in 2009. where he stayed until a December 2009 switch to K3 League side Samcheok Shinwoo. On 15 July 2010, he joined Japanese club Sagan Tosu, and his Sagan Tosu debut on 12 September 2010 against Ventforet Kofu. Six months later he moved to Busan Transportation Corporation FC. He transferred to Chinese club Fujian Smart Hero in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31084893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084893" title="César Atahualpa Rodríguez">
César Atahualpa Rodríguez

César "Atahualpa" Rodriguez Olcay (Arequipa, August 26, 1889 – March 12, 1972) was a Peruvian poet; a self taught, cultural writer. 
Born César Augusto Rodríguez Olcay, he took on the pseudonym, "Atahualpa", after the Arequipan poet Percy Gibson. During the period of 1908-1913, he spent a lot of time with José María Eguren, Manuel González Prada and Abraham Valdelomar, writers of stature who praised his work and considered him "la nueva expresión de la lírica nacional”- the new expression of the national lyric.
At the end of 1916, along with Percy Gibson, Rodriguez founded the group "El Aquelarre" and published four issues of a magazine which bore the same name, initiatives that were an incentive for Arequipa intellectual life. "El Aquelarre" appeared around the same time as that the movement "Colónida" in Lima, the group "Norte" of Trujillo, and "La Tea" of Puno. However, the influence of "El Aquelarre" was especially Modernistic, Symbolistic and Parnassianistic. (See Parnassianism)
In 1917, he was appointed director of the public library of Arequipa, a post he held until 1955. 
In 1926, Rodriguez's first book, "La torre de las paradojas", was published by La Editorial Nuestra América de Buenos Aires. The book preceded one vast work in prose, as in verse and essay. According to Arequipa literary critic Titus Cáceres Cuadros, "Poetry of Rodriguez had enough social emotion and a strong regional accent."
In 1966, Congress decorated him with the highest laurels: la Orden del Sol del Perú y la Orden del Congreso, and the municipality of Arequipa awarded him the city gold medal. 
In the same year, Rodriguez published Sonatas en tono de Silencio, edited by the Ministry of Public Education. Centrally themed on the search for solitude as a means to become the primary source of his philosophical writings, the book brought together poems that are representative of the sophistication of the poet.
References.
2. www.casadelaliteratura.gob.pe

</doc>
<doc id="31084898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084898" title="Judith A. Rubin">
Judith A. Rubin

Judith A. Rubin is a well known art therapist with 50 years of experience.
Life and work.
After completing her bachelor’s in art from Wellesley College in 1957 (Rubin, 2010a), Rubin pursued a Masters degree in education from Harvard University. While attending graduate school, Rubin recalled a seminar in Human Development where she did a presentation on “The Psychology of Children’s Art.” It was while working on this research that she discovered some of Margaret Naumburg’s early papers (Rubin, 2006). Naumburg’s papers sparked Rubin’s interest in art therapy, but that interest was not pursued for many years to come. In 1959, Rubin graduated from the Harvard Graduate School of Education with her master’s in Art Education.
Rubin found that while she did love working with the children, she did not fit in as well with the system of the time. As a teacher, she was charged with disruption because of too much singing, rearranging furniture, declining the offer to use stencils for art or paddles for discipline, and failing to write detailed lesson plans, while showing slides of artwork that were not in the curriculum. Although she could see that children benefited from making art, her teaching experiences were less satisfying than she had hoped (Rubin, 2006).
Rubin got her first taste of art therapy in the field after learning about a study of children’s art at a local Child Study Center nursery. Upon hearing of the study, Rubin called the Director and volunteered her services. Although she had no clinical background, Rubin began doing art therapy with hospitalized children with schizophrenia in 1963 under the direction of Dr. Margaret McFarland. Rubin found doing art therapy to be immensely gratifying and wanted advice about becoming a “real” art therapist. She then sought the guidance of art therapists Margaret Naumburg and Edith Kramer (Rubin, 2006).
Rubin (2006) recalled that both contributed greatly to her professional development. While they had very different ideas about art therapy, both had given the same advice. Each advised that she learn about herself through personal therapy, and then learn how to be a therapist through supervised work under an experienced clinician. In 1964, Rubin presented a case to Professor Erik Erikson of Harvard University. Much to her surprise, Erikson opposed any further clinical training in psychology. He suggested that it might interfere with, or even ruin, the intuitive approach she had been following. With that advice, she postponed further clinical study for a number of years (Rubin, 2006).
In 1964, she met Fred Rogers through Dr. McFarland who was also his mentor. Rogers invited Rubin to be on his new public television program, "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". Rubin appeared as the “art lady” for three years (1966-1969) and used her segments to communicate the therapeutic value of art to viewers.
Eventually, with the support of Dr. Marvin Shapiro, a child psychiatrist who supervised her work at the Pittsburgh Child Guidance Center, Rubin felt it was time for further clinical training. She therefore enrolled in the Pittsburgh Psychoanalytic Institute, training first in adult and then in child psychoanalysis. She was then able to use the credits from her master’s degree along with credit for the courses at the Institute towards completing her Ph.D. in counseling. She met the dissertation requirement by writing her book "Child Art Therapy" (Rubin, 2006). She completed her Ph.D. in Counseling Psychology from the University of Pittsburgh in 1976 and earned her licensure as a psychologist in 1979. She completed post-doctoral work at the Pittsburgh Psychoanalytic Institute in 1983 (Rubin, 2010a).
Judith Rubin has contributed to the field of art therapy by serving in a number of professional positions as well as writing numerous articles, books, lectures and films. Rubin became a Registered Art Therapist (ATR) in 1970 and a Board Certified Art Therapist (ATR-BC) in 1994 (Rubin, 2010a). She served on the American Art Therapy Association (AATA) board from 1973 to 1979, including as president from 1977 to 1979. In 1981, she received the award for Honorary Life Member (American Art Therapy Association, 2010).
In addition to her writing, Rubin has worked in private practice and has taught at many universities in the U.S. and abroad. She is currently an Assistant Professor in the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh where she has been on the faculty since 1974 and also has served as faculty-by-invitation at the Pittsburgh Psychoanalytic Institute since 1983. She is also a co-founder and president of a nonprofit educational organization called Expressive Media Inc. (Rubin, 2010a).
Rubin’s other books include "The Art of Art Therapy" (1984, rev. 2011), "Approaches to Art Therapy" (1987, rev. 2001), "Art Therapy: An Introduction" (1998), "Artful Therapy" (2005), and "Introduction to Art Therapy: Sources and Resources" (2009).
Films.
Having started in television in the late sixties with "Mr. Rogers’ Neighborhood", Rubin has been making films since the early seventies. She stated that film aided in teaching about art therapy when words were often not completely adequate. Her first film in 1972, "We’ll Show You What We’re Gonna Do", documented a therapeutic art program with blind children. Shortly after, she created "Children and the Arts" which highlighted the therapeutic value of the arts when working with children who were at-risk for problem behavior. Since then, she has created six other films: "Beyond Words" (art therapy with older adults), "Breakthrough" (artists in analytic therapy), "Art Therapy: A Universal Language for Healing" (art therapy around the world), "Yes You Can!" (art therapy for people with disabilities), and "Art Therapy Has Many Faces" (now subtitled in 14 languages). With her drama therapy colleague, Dr. Eleanor Irwin, she has produced "The Green Creature Within" (multimodal therapy with adolescents), and "Creative Healing in Mental Health" (art and drama in assessment and therapy).
Rubin’s current efforts with Expressive Media Inc. reflect her involvement with film as an artistic medium. The mission of Expressive Media Inc., to educate both the public and professionals about the healing power of the arts, is an actualization of Rubin’s goals as a person and an art therapist.

</doc>
<doc id="31084902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084902" title="Ricardo Fort">
Ricardo Fort

Ricardo Fort (5 November 1968 − 25 November 2013) was an Argentine socialite, entrepreneur and television director.
Early life.
The Felfort confectionery Company was founded by Ricardo Fort's grandfather Felipe Fort in Buenos Aires in 1912. Felfort soon became one of the top confectionery companies in Argentina. Ricardo's father, Carlos Augusto Fort, took control of the company after Felipe's death in 1969. Since his early years, Ricardo Fort developed a close relationship with his mother, opera singer Marta Campa.
Businesses.
Ricardo Fort developed businesses in the textile industry and in modeling, as well as owning the "Fortmen" clothing line.
Television.
In 2009, Fort participated in the reality series "El musical de tus sueños".
In 2010, Fort was selected to be one of the judges of the seventh season of "Bailando por un Sueño 2010".--> In 2011 he worked in the theatrical production "Fortuna 2".
Music.
Fort released a single called "No volveras" early in his career.
Personal life.
In 2010 it was reported through an interview to Fort on the talk show "Tienen la Palabra", that his twin children Felipe and Marta were born of a surrogate mother found through the auspices of a company in California.
He was openly bisexual.
Death.
Fort died on November 25, 2013, in a Buenos Aires clinic, due to cardiac arrest following a gastrointestinal bleeding. He was being treated for a knee injury he suffered a few months ago. Fort was 45 years old. Just days before, he had also suffered a femoral fracture in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31084925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084925" title="Team 2000">
Team 2000

Team 2000 was a professional wrestling stable that competed in New Japan Pro Wrestling. Throughout its tenure, T2000 was New Japan's top heel stable.
History.
Background.
In August 1998, Masahiro Chono was leader of nWo Japan and won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. By September, Chono suffered a neck injury which forced him to vacate the IWGP Title and take time off. During Chono's absence, Keiji Mutoh assumed control of nWo Japan and changed its philosophy making them a Face stable.
1999.
Upon his return in February 1999, Chono became angry with nWo Japan's direction and decided to break away from the faction and formed a new stable, Team 2000, to battle nWo Japan. For Team 2000, Chono was able to recruit nWo Sting and Michael Wallstreet as both of them followed Chono out of nWo Japan. Chono also brought back AKIRA to New Japan and added MMA legend Don Frye. Throughout the majority of 1999, Team 2000 was feuding with nWo Japan exchanging victories, and in the big shows, most of T2000 (Sting, Wallstreet, and AKIRA) were left off. T2000's first big moments occurred at "Strong Style Symphony" on April 10, 1999 where Chono fought to a double KO with fellow legend Atsushi Onita in an exploding barbwire match in the opener while Frye main evented with Mutoh for the IWGP Title but was defeated. In August 1999, Chono entered the 1999 G1 Climax but finished in 4th place with 6 points. Despite the loss, Chono was still able to get several big wins, including one over Shinya Hashimoto and eventual winner Manabu Nakanishi. At the next big event: "The Battle of Last Summer" on August 28, T2000 would go 2–0 with Frye defeating fellow gaijin and nWo Japan member Scott Norton, while Chono defeated Hashimoto. In September 1999, Chono and Frye entered the 1999 G1 Tag League but ultimately finished in 6th place with 6 points. By the end of 1999, T2000 went through several changes as nWo Sting became Super J and Wallstreet left New Japan an returned to WCW.
2000.
At Wrestling World 2000 on January 4, 2000, the Team 2000/nWo Japan feud continued as both groups would go 1–1 with Frye losing to Norton while Chono defeated Mutoh. On February 4, T2000/nWo Japan feud finally ended when the two stables went at it in a best of 4 series. During the first two matches, the groups would tie 1–1 with AKIRA defeating Hiro Saito while Scott Norton defeated Super J. However, T2000 would dominate for the remainder of the series with Frye defeating Satoshi Kojima and Chono defeating Hiroyoshi Tenzan to give T2000 3–1. The following day on February 5, Frye challenged Kensuke Sasaki for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship but lost. On February 8, Chono announced he retook nWo Japan and absorbed it into Team 2000 giving him all nWo Japan members (except Mutoh) and he also announced the addition of The Mad Dogs (Tatsutoshi Goto and Michiyoshi Ohara). On February 20, Team 2000 did a 10 match series with New Japan which saw Team 2000 emerge victorious with Chono defeating Sasaki in a tie-breaker match. In March, Team 2000 took on New Japan in several title matches hoping to win some gold but would lose both of their title matches with Kojima falling to Sasaki in an IWGP Title match on March 19, while Chono and Tenzan lost to Yuji Nagata and Manabu Nakanishi for the IWGP Tag Team Championship on March 20. On July 20, Tencozy would defeat Nagata and Nakanishi to win the IWGP Tag Titles. In August, Chono, Tenzan, Kojima, Goto, and Saito entered the 2000 G1 Climax but none of them would win as Chono made it the semi-finals losing to Nakanishi. On October 8 at "Do Judge", Team 2000 would once again dominate as Frye defeated Takashi Iizuka, Tencozy defeated Nagata and Nakanishi to successfully defend the Tag Team Titles, and Chono teaming with a masked man named "Mr. T" (Goto) defeated Shiro Koshinaka and Masanobu Fuchi but the group did experience one loss as Norton fell to "Dr. Death" Steve Williams. In October, T2000 began a feud with Yuji Nagata's Fighting Club G-EGGS as the two stables began a series with the winning team getting match making rights for "Battle Final 2000", in the end thanks to the numbers advantage T2000 won the series 11–8. In November, Team 2000 entered the 200 G1 Tag League with three teams (Tencozy, Chono/Norton, & T2000 Machines), in the end Team 2000 came up short with Chono and Norton (semi-finals) and Tencozy (finals) both fell to eventual winners: Yuji Nagata and Takashi Iizuka. At "Battle Final 2000" on December 10 saw Team 2000 get match making rights. Chono would book himself and Goto to challenge Tencozy for the Tag Team Championship, ensuring that win, lose, or draw Team 2000 kept the titles. Chono also booked AKIRA to challenge Minoru Tanaka for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship and had Ohara take on Kensuke Sasaki for Sasaki's spot in the IWGP Heavyweight Championship tournament. While Tencozy retained the title, everything else went wrong as AKIRA fell to Tanaka and Ohara was squashed in six seconds by Sasaki.
2001.
At Wrestling World 2001 on January 4, 2001, Chono, Tenzan, and Kojima entered the IWGP Heavyweight Championship tournament hoping to win the IWGP Heavyweight Title but they all lost as Tenzan fell to Toshiaki Kawada in the semi finals while Kojima (first round) and Chono (semi-final) were defeated by eventual winner: Kensuke Sasaki. In February 2001, Tencozy retained the IWGP Tag Team Title against Manabu Nakanishi and Osamu Nishimura but Team 2000 lost Don Frye. Things picked up for T2000 in March as Chono recruited wrestling legend: Scott Hall, Tencozy retained the IWGP Tag Titles against Riki Choshu and Shinya Makabe, and in an upset: Scott Norton defeated Sasaki to win the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. Beginning in the spring, Team 2000 began a feud with Keiji Mutoh and his new stable BATT. On April 9 at "Strong Style", T2000 had mixed results as Chono and Tencozy defeated BATT but Norton lost the IWGP Title to Kazuyuki Fujita. At "Dome Quake" on July 20 saw T2000 rebound as new members: Jado and Gedo defeated Jushin Thunder Liger and El Samurai to win the IWGP Junior Tag Team Championship, Tencozy retained the IWGP Tag Team Title against BATT's Jinsei Shinzaki and Taiyo Kea, and Chono defeated Mutoh. In August, Chono, Tenzan, and Kojima entered the 2001 G1 Climax but they came up short with Chono losing in the semi-finals. In September 2001, T2000 would experience a downturn as Norton, Hall, J, and newcomer: Giant Silva entered the G1 World League but despite Team 2000 having 4/5 of the participants, they all lost to Don Frye. On September 23, Tencozy would finally lose the Tag Team Title to Tatsumi Fujinami and Osamu Nishimura. In September, T2000 added more members including Giant Singh (who began forming a team with Giant Silva as Club 7) & Koji Kanemoto (both entered Team 2000 at "Indicate of Next"). Chono also expanded Team 2000 to All Japan Pro Wrestling and recruited Steve Williams, Mike Barton, Jim Steele, & reunited with Mike Rotundo (Michael Wallstreet). On October 27, Chono entered All Japan to challenge Mutoh for the Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship but was defeated, around the same time, Chono also began having problems with Tencozy and a power struggle in Team 2000 began. In December, Williams and Rotundo entered the 2001 World's Strongest Tag Determination League but finished in 5th place with 6 points. At the same time, Team 2000 had 4 teams enter the 2001 G1 Tag League (Tencozy, Chono/Silva, Barton/Steele, & Norton/J), in the end, Tencozy would win the tournament defeating Barton and Steele in the finals.
2002.
At the January 4 Dome show, Jado and Gedo (teaming with Dick Togo) lost to Liger, Great Sasuke, & Tiger Mask IV, Sliva lost to Nakaniashi by countout, & Tencozy defeated Chono and Singh. On January 11, 2002, Keiji Mutoh shocked the Japanese Wrestling World by defecting to All Japan. Kojima would be one of the few wrestlers to follow Mutoh to All Japan, ending his involvement with Team 2000. New Japan also ended their relationship with All Japan and the All Japan branch also left as a result, Scott Hall also left New Japan to return to the WWF. Beginning in February/March, Team 2000 added both Black Tiger III and Eddie Guerrero to the group while Super J left to join the New Japan army, and Chono and Tenzan buried the hatchet and reunited. In February, Team 2000 added another accomplishment as Chono, Singh, and Silva won the Teisen Hall Six Man Tag Team Tournament. In the same month, Chono and Silva entered a tournament for the vacated IWGP Heavyweight Championship but neither won. On March 21, Tenzan challenged Tadao Yasuda for the IWGP Title but was defeated. On March 24, Chono and Tenzan reunited their old team and defeated Yuji Nagata and Manabu Nakanishi for the vacated IWGP Tag Team Titles. On May 2, at "Toukon Memorial Day", Team 2000 lost their grip on the Jr. Tag Team Titles when Jado and Gedo lost the titles to Jushin Liger and Minoru Tanaka, Tenzan and Norton lost to OH Gun (Shinya Hashimoto and Naoya Ogawa), & Chono fought Mitsuharu Misawa to a draw. In June, Team 2000 sent 5 participants (Kanemoto, Jado, Gedo, Black Tiger, & AKIRA) in the 2002 Best of the Super Juniors tournament with Kanemoto winning the tournament. In August, Chono and Tenzan entered the 2002 G1 Climax with Chono eventually winning his fourth G1 Climax defeating Yoshihiro Takayama. Following the G1 Climax tour, Team 2000 began to form an alliance with New Japan against the new Makai Club as well as a foreign army of wrestlers/MMA fighters led by Kazuyuki Fujita and by September 2002, Team 2000 was absorbed into the New Japan army.

</doc>
<doc id="31084934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084934" title="Seneca Station (Illinois)">
Seneca Station (Illinois)

Seneca Station was a Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad station in the small town of Seneca, Illinois. It was located on the south side of the track, just west of Main Street. The station is just west of a passing siding, one of only a few on the CSX New Rock Subdivision. The tracks also form a wye with a branch line to the Illinois River starting there. That line is rented by CSX, which has a lease with the International Mining Company until 2030.

</doc>
<doc id="31084946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084946" title="Winzer (surname)">
Winzer (surname)

Winzer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31084957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084957" title="Marc Campbell">
Marc Campbell

Marc Thaddeus Campbell (November 29, 1884 – February 13, 1946) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="31084962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084962" title="Garfield, Illinois">
Garfield, Illinois

Garfield is an unincorporated community located in Osage Township in LaSalle County, Illinois. It is located in the panhandle of LaSalle County. It is also a part of the geographic region known as Streatorland.
Garfield is named for James A. Garfield, 20th President of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31084982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084982" title="Western Metropolitan Area University Association">
Western Metropolitan Area University Association

The Western Metropolitan Area University Association (首都圏西部大学単位互換協定会) is a Japanese association for higher education, with members located primarily in western part of Tokyo Metropolitan Area. The current leading institute is Kokushikan University. Students at the member schools can cross-register for credits toward their own school's degrees without any additional fees. The association has created a substantial number of research and educational collaborations, including e-learning training program.

</doc>
<doc id="31084992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31084992" title="Amy Schrier">
Amy Schrier

At age 28, Amy Schrier founded "Blue", the Adventure Lifestyle magazine in 1997. She was Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of the magazine from 1997-2003.
Personal.
Amy attended Cornell University and lives in New York City.
Career.
Schrier also founded MISSION (MISSION.tv). This website has been featured in the Huffington Post. Schrier herself has appeared on a number of television networks which include: CNN, CNNfn, CNBC, MSNBC, and FoxNews. She has visited over 40 countries worldwide.
Volunteer work.
Schrier has volunteered in Kenya at a Maasai school and also in a program teaching disadvantaged children how to surf in Bangladesh.
Awards and honors.
Blue won awards including American Society of Magazine Editors' Top 40 Magazine Covers of the Past 40 years and Life Magazine Best Magazine Photos of the Year, 1999. Blue was called "Not your father's National Geographic" by The New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="31085008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085008" title="Illinois Central Missouri River Bridge">
Illinois Central Missouri River Bridge

The Illinois Central Missouri River Bridge, also known as the IC Bridge or the East Omaha Bridge, is a rail through truss double swing bridge across the Missouri River connecting Council Bluffs, Iowa, with Omaha, Nebraska. It is owned by the Canadian National Railway and is closed to all traffic. At 521 feet long, the second version of the bridge was the longest swing bridge in the world from when it was completed in 1903 through 1915. In 1975 it was regarded as the third longest swing bridge.
History.
The East Omaha Bridge was originally built in 1893 and was owned by the Omaha Bridge and Terminal Railway Company. It was originally a single draw bridge.
Reopened in January 1904, the bridge was reconstructed again in 1908 by the American Bridge Company. In the reconstruction, there was discussion as to whether the bridge should be open to pedestrian and street traffic as well as rail traffic. Ultimately, it was limited to rail use only, including commuter service between the two cities.
Illinois Central, or IC, started running through Omaha in January 1900, using the East Omaha Bridge for passenger trains from 1900 to 1921, and again from 1938 to 1939. In 1901, the bridge was targeted as part of a consolidation effort to bring together the street railway, electric light, and water utilities under public authority. "The plans for consolidation, in fact, include the union of interests in the cities of Omaha, South Omaha, and Council Bluffs..." Other utilities included the Omaha and Council Bluffs Street Railway and Bridge Company, the Council Bluffs Electric Light Company, and the Omaha Water Company, among others. These plans ultimately called for damming the Missouri River north of Omaha for an electricity plant; they ultimately were not actualized for this purpose, and when consolidation did occur, it did not include the bridge.
Today, the Iowa swing span, still from the original bridge constructed in 1893, is of wrought iron; the Nebraska swing span was built in 1904 of steel. IC first gained rights to the bridge in 1899, and gained a controlling interest in 1902. The railroad took complete control of the Omaha Bridge and Terminal Railway Company in 1903, and was later bought by the Canadian National Railway, which currently owns the bridge.
Features.
The double swing was installed when the bridge was reconstructed in the first decade of the 1900s. It was necessary due to the changing channel of the river between when the bridge was originally constructed in the 1890s and when it was rebuilt. The bridge is composed of two 520' long draws. Dating to the original construction of the bridge there were concerns about the effect of the river's flow on the bridge. In an 1895 Congressional Report the river's course change was predicted. Precautionary steps were taken early in the bridge's history; however, the flow continued to affect it.
Completed in 1957, 
the Gavins Point Dam controls the Missouri River flow at Omaha. It has limited the flow of water at Omaha because of both droughts and decreased flow because of electricity needs met by the dam. Between that, levee building, and channelization of the river, starting in the 1950s the Iowa side of the bridge has spanned dry land, and the double swing became unnecessary. With the controlled flow of the Gavins Point Dam, starting in the 1960s the bridge was closed for rail traffic during the winter months when the Missouri River was shut down for barge traffic. In the 1970s the bridge the swing mechanism on the Iowa side was damaged in a fire of the equipment housing. In the spring when the river reopened the bridge would also be reopened for traffic. In the winter the Iowa side of the bridge would be swung open and closed by hooking a cable up to a bulldozer pulling it.
Closure.
The bridge was taken out of service in 1980. Today the Iowa half is permanently wenched open to allow river traffic to cruise through without interruption. All railroad traffic through the Council Bluffs/Omaha area now crosses via the Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge. A feasibility study conducted in the 1990s determined the need to keep the track and bridge in place in case of a problem with the Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge.
Design.
The current bridge features a drawspan of 521 feet with a fixed span of 560 feet carrying a double track railway between the trusses.

</doc>
<doc id="31085041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085041" title="Kairos (album)">
Kairos (album)

Kairos is the twelfth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura. It was released on June 24, 2011 by independent German record label Nuclear Blast Records. This is the band's first release on the label, marking their first album not released on SPV/Steamhammer since 2001's "Nation".
Background and recording.
On July 6, 2010, it was announced that Sepultura were signed with Nuclear Blast Records, and would release their first album for the label in 2011.
By the end of 2010, the band had begun writing new material and entered the studio to begin recording their twelfth album with producer Roy Z (Judas Priest, Halford, Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson, Helloween).
Recording sessions for "Kairos" took place from December 2010 to March 2011 at Trama Studios in São Paulo, Brazil, the same studio where its 2009 predecessor "A-Lex" was recorded.
On March 1, 2011, it was announced that Sepultura had completed recording their album, which was tentatively due in May 2011.
Days after the album was finished, Sepultura announced on March 4, 2011 that the album would be called "Kairos" and would be released around that late spring or early summer. "Kairos" was Sepultura's last album recorded with drummer Jean Dolabella, as he left the band five months after its release.
Concept.
Speaking of how the band came up with the Kairos title, Andreas Kisser said: 
According to the guitarist, the concept had to do with Sepultura's 26-year-old history and the changes inside and outside the band. "It's a collection of 'kairos' that us here. It's being inspired by our own biography, but mostly on what Sepultura is today," he added.
Reception.
"Kairos" was well received by music critics and fans. "Kairos" sold over 2,500 copies in the United States in its first week of release and topped the "CMJ" Loud Rock chart for three weeks. The album charted in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The band toured Europe, U.S.A, Canada and Brazil for the Kairos World Tour.
The song "Mask" is a downloadable content in the 2012 video game Twisted Metal.

</doc>
<doc id="31085054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085054" title="Appointment in Honduras">
Appointment in Honduras

Appointment in Honduras (1953) is an adventure film, starring Glenn Ford and directed by Jacques Tourneur.
Plot.
Taking place in 1910, during a fictional revolution in Honduras, Corbett was hired to ensure that a large sum of money came to the deposed political leader. Sylvia Sheppard (Ann Sheridan) and her wealthy husband Harry Sheppard (Zachary Scott) are unwilling hostages of Jim Corbett (Glenn Ford), who is accompanied through the jungle by several wanted criminals. Sylvia, ever the unfaithful wife, eventually falls in love with Corbett. They encounter various dangers, including crocodiles, "tiger fish," large snakes, biting ants, a huge swarm of some unnamed, assumedly stinging, insect, malaria, and armed insurgents.

</doc>
<doc id="31085059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085059" title="Giovanni Maria Fontana">
Giovanni Maria Fontana

Giovanni Maria Fontana ("c"1670 – after 1712) was an Italian-Swiss architect, born in Lugano, who worked in Russia, on the invitation of Peter the Great, who assembled a team of European architects and artisans for the construction of St Petersburg during his grand tour in 1697 and 1698. Among his most prominent commissions were those from Aleksandr Danilovich Menshikov, to build his various palaces, including the Oranienbaum, often working in tandem with Johann Gottfried Schädel.

</doc>
<doc id="31085060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085060" title="Kunj Behari Lal Butail">
Kunj Behari Lal Butail

Kunj Behari Lal Butail (or KBL Butail) (Hindi: कुंज बेहारी लाल बुटेल)(1933–2006) was an Indian National Congress leader,and a leading tea grower from Palampur, Kangra, Himachal Pradesh.
Political Life.
He represented the constituency of Palampur three times in the state assembly from 1966 to 1980. He was also the first President of the Pradesh Congress Committee, when the state was formed. 
Butail was regarded as one of the masterminds in the state congress who gave new dimensions to the development of district Kangra. He was regarded as one of the arch rivals of his own Chief Minister Yashwant Singh Parmar whom he alleged of discrimination for the merged areas of state. He was offered Cabinet rank by Dr. Parmar but he refused to accept it. Butail was also said to have cordial relations with the central leaders of the INC like Indira Gandhi.
Leaders like Mahatma Gandhi, Pandit Nehru, Sardar Patel visited his house on many times owing to the closeness to his Uncle Kanhiya Lal Butail.
His younger brother Brij Behari Lal Butail has been a 5 time MLA from Palampur and is the current Speaker of the State Assembly. 
Social Work.
Butail was well known for his philanthropic efforts. He founded a premier educational institution, Lala Kanhiya Lal Butail DAV college for girls, a pioneer institution which primarily serves the poor and under-privileged girls of the society.
Bansi Lal Butail Girls School, another charitable educational institution established for the benefit of young girls of Palampur area was started by Butail.No fees is charged to the students-moreover most of their expenses like transportation and books is also taken care of by the school itself.
Butail managed and ran two big charitable trusts, Lala Gorimal Butail Trust and Bundla Tea Estate trust, which donated prime lands of Palampur, Pragpur and Shimla to hospitals, schools and temples. Butail was instrumental in donating about 20000 square metres of prime land in Palampur to set up DAV Public School at Palampur, which today is one of the leading schools in the district. He also played a vital role in setting up the Tea Cooperative factories at Palampur and adjoining areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31085071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085071" title="Lena Horne at the Waldorf Astoria">
Lena Horne at the Waldorf Astoria

Lena Horne at the Waldorf Astoria is a 1957 live album by Lena Horne, conducted by Lennie Hayton, recorded at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City on the evening of February 20, 1957. The album peaked at #24 in the Billboard Hot 200 and became the best selling record by a female artist in the history of the RCA Victor label. The album was re-issued on CD in 2002, by Collectables Records, together with Horne's 1961 live album "Lena Horne at the Sands".

</doc>
<doc id="31085098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085098" title="College Harry Brakeman">
College Harry Brakeman

College Harry Brakeman is a Methodist school (primary and secondary) in Haiti. It is run by the Eglise Méthodiste d'Haiti (Methodist Church of Haiti). 
History.
The school was built in the 1970s by Methodist pastor Harry Brakeman of Michigan with the help of numerous construction volunteers looking to escape Michigan's winters.
The school has an enrollment of about 600 students. 
In January 2010, the 7.0 Magnitude earthquake that devastated much of Haiti caused considerable damage to the town of Petit-Goave, followed by a 5.9 magnitude aftershock centered directly below the town. Due to good construction techniques, the school suffered little damage other than a computer lab which was built around 2008 above the school's auditorium. The unfinished computer lab was not built to the same standards as the rest of the school and was destroyed in the quake and aftershocks.
Following the quake, the Methodist Church of Haiti and United Methodist Volunteers in Mission (UMVIM) partnered with Kansas-based United Methodist Church of the Resurrection to help the church rebuild Petit-Goave. 
The school was featured in the 400th episode of the NPR program This American Life.

</doc>
<doc id="31085100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085100" title="Battle of Ra's Lanuf">
Battle of Ra's Lanuf

The Battle of Ra's Lanuf was a two-phase battle in 2011 during the Libyan civil war between forces loyal to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi and those loyal to the National Transitional Council. Both forces sought control of the town of Ra's Lanuf. The first phase followed two days after the First Battle of Brega which occurred in the town Brega, roughly to the east of Ra's Lanuf. After conquering the town on 4 March, the rebels pushed further west to attack Sirte but they were driven back by government forces and on 11 March, government troops reconquered most of Ra's Lanuf.
The battle.
First phase.
According to the rebels, the loyalist forces used heavy weapons and helicopters to attack them one kilometre from the airport. One rebel reported seeing four men in front of him killed by an explosion. Rebels reported that there were defections from the local pro-Gaddafi military base in Ra's Lanuf.
Sometime during the night, rebel forces managed to capture the entire town of Ra's Lanuf, including the airport and military base. Following the capture of the base, the rebels claimed to have found the bodies of 20 soldiers who were executed after they refused to open fire on rebel forces.
In addition to the 20 mutinous soldiers who were reportedly executed, according to the rebels, various numbers of dead had been reported. 16 dead were reported on the rebel side with 31 wounded, and two to 25 loyalists ground troops were reportedly killed in addition to two loyalist pilots.
One Libyan Air Force jet bomber was reported to had been shot down outside Ra's Lanuf on 5 March, by anti-Gaddafi rebels.
Second phase.
On 6 March, as the rebels were advancing from Ra's Lanuf toward Sirte, they were ambushed by Gaddafi's troops at Bin Jawad and suffered heavy losses. After that, they made a hasty retreat toward Ra's Lanuf where they were bombarded for four days.
During the next three days of constant air, tank and naval bombardment of the frontlines at Ra's Lanuf, 20 rebels were killed and at least 65 wounded.
On 10 March, the BBC reported that troops loyal to Muammar Gaddafi had cleared rebels from Ra's Lanuf. A rebel fighter told AFP news agency, "We've been defeated. They are shelling and we are running away. That means that they're taking Ra's Lanuf."
Gaddafi attacked the city with tanks and artillery from the west and the south, ships fired upon the city from the north, while airplanes bombed the town. Rebel reinforcements from the east tried to enter the city, but were immediately attacked and a rebel commander reported dozens of his fighters were killed and many others missing. Later that evening, most rebel forces had retreated from the town and were trying to set up a line of defense east of the city, while some hard-core opposition fighters were continuing to put up resistance in Ra's Lanuf. Four opposition fighters were confirmed killed during the fighting, 36 were wounded and 65 were missing.
By the evening of 10 March, all major news media were reporting that the town had fallen with large numbers of rebel fighters killed or captured, despite a denial from the rebel-led council in Benghazi. The government claimed that an estimated 1,500 rebel fighters had been captured. After the battle anti-Gaddafi fighters advised civilians to leave the area around Brega in expectation of continuing advances by government forces.
On the morning of 11 March, the first loyalist ground troops entered the town with 150 soldiers, backed up by three tanks, and managed to get to the city center. At the same time, four transport boats came in from the sea and unloaded 40-50 soldiers each on the beach near the Fadeel hotel. They were engaged by hard-core rebel remnants, who had not retreated from Ra's Lanuf the previous day. Government troops captured the residential area, but the rebels continued to hold out in the oil port facilities for a few hours before they too retreated from Ra's Lanuf east of the city. The town had fallen. However, in the afternoon, the rebels regrouped, mounted a counteroffensive and managed to expel the loyalist forces from the eastern part of the town. Government soldiers still held the western part of the city and a stalemate soon developed.
On 12 March, rebels fighting in Ra's Lanuf retreated in the afternoon to the town of Uqayla west of Brega and rebel leaders confirmed that pro-Gaddafi forces had driven them 20 km out of the town and captured the oil refinery. Later during the day, the government took foreign journalists to the city for confirmation of the town's fall.
Aftermath.
After the battle the town was firmly in loyalist hands and government troops advanced further east taking the towns of Brega and Ajdabiya and arriving to Benghazi. However, on 19 March, a military intervention by the UN started. The air strikes by Coalition aircraft pushed back government troops which allowed the rebels to retake a string of towns. On 27 March, pro-Gaddafi forces in Ra's Lanuf were observed retreating towards Sirte. This allowed the anti-Gaddafi forces to retake control of the city. However, this would not last and once again, just three days later, government troops routed the rebels during a counter-attack from Ra's Lanuf on 30 March, taking back the town.
Anti-Gaddafi forces recaptured the city in August, but then on 12 September at least 15 oil refinery guards were killed and two wounded by pro-Gaddafi fighters.

</doc>
<doc id="31085116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085116" title="John Damore">
John Damore

John Damore was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for two seasons for the Chicago Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="31085118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085118" title="Sigla himinfley">
Sigla himinfley

Sigla himinfley () is an Icelandic drama miniseries created by Þráinn Bertelsson. The series takes place in Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland, and follows the lives of an influential family in the fishing industry.

</doc>
<doc id="31085133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085133" title="Bill Gay (American football)">
Bill Gay (American football)

Bill Gay is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for one season for the Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31085147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085147" title="RINGS King of Kings Tournament 1999">
RINGS King of Kings Tournament 1999

The King of Kings Tournament 1999 was a series of three separate mixed martial arts events held by the Fighting Network Rings (RINGS). The tournament took place in both Tokyo and Osaka between October 28, 1999 and February 26, 2000. The tournament was the first of two King of Kings tournaments. The tournament matched up 32 of the best fighters from nine different countries.
Rules.
The tournament had two qualifying events: King of Kings 1999 Block A and King of Kings 1999 Block B. The fighters who advance from the qualifying events would compete 
in the King of Kings 1999 Final. The fights would consist of two five-minute rounds and, as in all RINGS bouts, no striking was allowed to the head of a grounded opponent.
King of Kings 1999 Block A.
The first event of the tournament took place on October 28, 1999 at the Yoyogi National Stadium in Tokyo, Japan.
King of Kings 1999 Block B.
The second event of the tournament took place on December 22, 1999 at the Osaka Prefectural Gymnasium in Osaka, Japan.
King of Kings 1999 Final.
The third and final event of the tournament took place on February 26, 2000 at the Nippon Budokan in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="31085155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085155" title="A Midsummer's Nice Dream">
A Midsummer's Nice Dream

"A Midsummer's Nice Dream" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' twenty-second season. It aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 13, 2011. The episode name is a play on the Shakespeare play "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and the Cheech & Chong movie "Nice Dreams".
Plot.
The Simpsons are at a live Cheech and Chong show when Chong, upset by the act's repetitiveness, begins to improvise and ultimately leaves the stage. Homer is encouraged to take Chong's place on stage, and recites the "Dave's not here, man" act from memory. Cheech is impressed, and asks Homer to join him for the rest of the tour under the name "Cheech and Chunk." Homer is disillusioned to learn that Cheech and Chong's lives are different from their stoner personae. Meanwhile, Chong has replaced Cheech with Seymour Skinner, forming a duo called "Teech and Chong," but the team proves unsuccessful. Homer eventually convinces Cheech and Chong to reunite.
Meanwhile, Marge discovers that the Crazy Cat Lady is a hoarder. In an effort to help, Marge has the clutter removed from her home. But after loading the waste disposal truck, Marge begins removing items she sees as unique and non-disposeable, eventually causing her own home to become cluttered. To cure Marge's new obsession, Homer brings back the Crazy Cat Lady, who ends up becoming a hoarder again after seeing all her old items. 
In an epilogue Bart, posing as Puck, tells the audience the epilogue as well as that they can watch the show the next day on Hulu.com.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "A Midsummer's Nice Dream" was viewed by an estimated 5.448 million households and received a 2.5 rating/8% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 2.5% of all 18–49 year olds, and 8% of all 18–49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This episode fell 11% in the ratings from the previous episode, making it the lowest rated episode of the season.
The Parents Television Council named "A Midsummer's Nice Dream" its Worst TV Show of the Week for the week ending March 18, 2011, for its subject matter; it was the first "Simpsons" episode to be so named. The PTC stated ""The Simpsons" may have been on the air for 22 years now (and counting), and while there are plenty of adults who watch the show, no one can deny that there is also a sizable audience of children. Since Cheech is portrayed as a straight-laced stick-in-the-mud, the subtle anti-drug messages in the show are completely lost. In the end, sober still equals boring."
Cultural references.
In the opening, Lisa plays the trumpet instead of the saxophone in the opening scene, but still has the saxophone in her bike basket on her way home.
Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear from "Toy Story 3" makes an appearance when showing in the Crazy Cat Lady's hoarded items.

</doc>
<doc id="31085161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085161" title="Attleboro High School">
Attleboro High School

Attleboro High School is a public high school located in Attleboro, Massachusetts. The school is located at 100 Rathbun Williard Drive. The school has an approximate student enrollment of 1,700 students in grades 9-12. The schools mascot is the Bombardiers and the school colors are Royal Blue, Silver, and White.
Athletics.
Attleboro has a very long rivalry with neighboring town's North Attleborough High School. The football teams have played each other on Thanksgiving Day for the past 90 years. Other rivals of Attleboro include Bishop Feehan High School and Foxborough High School. As of 2010, Attleboro competes in the Hockomock League along with Taunton, Canton, Foxborough, Franklin, King Philip, Mansfield, North Attleboro, Sharon, Oliver Ames, and Stoughton. Before the move to the Hockomock, Attleboro long competed in the Old Colony League.

</doc>
<doc id="31085181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085181" title="Otar Barkalaia">
Otar Barkalaia

Otar Barkalaia (born Tbilisi, 17 February 1984) is a Georgian rugby union player. He plays as a fly-half.
Barkalaia played for Figeac, in France. He currently plays for VPC Andorra XV, in Andorra.
He has 37 caps for Georgia, since 2002, with 8 conversions, 10 penalties and 1 drop goal scored, 49 points in aggregate. He was called for the 2007 Rugby World Cup, playing two games. His greatest success as a player was the win at the Six Nations B for the 2008 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="31085200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085200" title="OHWOW">
OHWOW

OHWOW is a contemporary art gallery, publisher, and producer of special projects, established in 2008, with exhibition and retail locations in Los Angeles and New York City.
About.
OHWOW collaborates with various creative sectors, producing projects and retail initiatives, extending its vision internationally. As a gallery, OHWOW organizes solo, collective, and group exhibitions, alongside presenting special projects and events conceived by outside curators. As a publisher, OHWOW's books fill a particular niche, from exhibition catalogs to specific artist pieces.
OHWOW’s community of artists includes Diana Al-Hadid, Daniel Arsham, Charlie Billingham, Scott Campbell, Michael Genovese, Luis Gispert, George Herms, Robert Mapplethorpe, Terry Richardson, Jacolby Satterwhite, David Benjamin Sherry, Lucien Smith, Agathe Snow, Torey Thornton, Kon Trubkovich, and Nick van Woert.
Previous group exhibitions have featured work by artists including Rita Ackermann, Tauba Auerbach, Justin Beal, Peter Coffin, Dan Colen, Terence Koh, Harmony Korine, Nate Lowman, Ryan McGinley, Mariah Robertson, Amanda Ross-Ho, Shinique Smith, Dash Snow, Jessica Stockholder, and Aaron Young.
As of spring 2011, OHWOW opened a gallery location in Los Angeles, designed by New York architect Rafael de Cárdenas.

</doc>
<doc id="31085220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085220" title="Samuel Gay">
Samuel Gay

Samuel Gonçalves Miranda Gay (ca. 1755 – January 21, 1847) was a judge and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented Westmorland in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1786 to 1792 and from 1795 to 1802.
He was born in Boston, the son of Martin Gay and Mary Pinckey, and was educated at Harvard University. Gay served as a magistrate for Westmorland County and as chief justice for the Court of Common Pleas. He died at Fort Cumberland at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="31085235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085235" title="Nací para Sufrir">
Nací para Sufrir

"Nací Para Sufrir" is a song by A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz. The song appeared on the album "La Vida De Un Genio", released on July 27, 2010. It features José Feliciano and Los Dinos.
Background.
"Nací Para Sufrir" is one of the most notable album tracks on the album "La Vida De Un Genio" because it includes Selena's band Los Dinos which was the first time in 15 years since the death of Selena that Los Dinos recorded a song together. It was written by A.B. Quintanilla III and Lugi Giraldo and produced by A.B. Quintanilla, Abraham Quintanilla, Jr., Suzette Quintanilla and Luigi Giraldo. The lead vocalists on the song are José Feliciano and Pete Astudillo.

</doc>
<doc id="31085244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085244" title="Adverse Event Reporting System">
Adverse Event Reporting System

The Adverse Event Reporting System (AERS) is a computerized information database designed to support the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) post-marketing safety surveillance program for all approved drug and therapeutic biologic products. The FDA uses AERS to monitor for new adverse events and medication errors that might occur with these marketed products.
Background.
Reporting of adverse events from the point of care is voluntary in the United States. FDA receives some adverse event and medication error reports directly from health care professionals (such as physicians, pharmacists, nurses and others) and consumers (such as patients, family members, lawyers and others). Healthcare professionals and consumers may also report these events to the products’ manufacturers. If a manufacturer receives an adverse event report, it is required to send the report to FDA as specified by regulations. The MedWatch site provides information about mandatory reporting.
Structure.
The structure of AERS is in compliance with the international safety reporting guidance (ICH E2B2) issued by the International Conference on Harmonisation. Adverse events in AERS are coded to terms in the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities terminology (MedDRA)3.
Uses.
AERS is a useful tool for FDA, which uses it for activities such as looking for new safety concerns that might be related to a marketed product, evaluating a manufacturer's compliance to reporting regulations and responding to outside requests for information. The reports in AERS are evaluated by clinical reviewers in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) and the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) to monitor the safety of products after they are approved by FDA. If a potential safety concern is identified in AERS, further evaluation might include Epidemiology studies. Based on an evaluation of the potential safety concern, FDA may take regulatory action(s) to improve product safety and protect the public health, such as updating a product’s labeling information, restricting the use of the drug, communicating new safety information to the public, or, in rare cases, removing a product from the market.
Limitations.
AERS data does have limitations. First, there is no certainty that the reported event was actually due to the product. FDA does not require that a causal relationship between a product and event be proven, and reports do not always contain enough detail to properly evaluate an event. Further, FDA does not receive all adverse event reports that occur with a product. Many factors can influence whether or not an event will be reported, such as the time a product has been marketed and publicity about an event. Therefore, AERS cannot be used to calculate the incidence of an adverse event in the U.S. population.

</doc>
<doc id="31085280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085280" title="Archdeacon of Manchester">
Archdeacon of Manchester

The Archdeacon of Manchester is a senior ecclesiastical officer in the Church of England in Greater Manchester.
The archdeaconry of Manchester, unusually, was established (on 29 September 1843) a few years before the Diocese of Manchester (on 1 September 1847.) The archdeaconry was therefore initially, for the time being, established in the Diocese of Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="31085317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085317" title="Ojo de Agua de Morán, Jalisco">
Ojo de Agua de Morán, Jalisco

Ojo de Agua de Morán is a town within the municipality of the Atotonilco El Alto located in the southeastern part of the state of Jalisco in Mexico. It has 939 inhabitants. Ojo de Agua de Morán is 1980 meters above sea level. Along with neighbor of San Francisco de Asís. Founded in 1800's by Villalobos and Becerra families who are agriculturists.
Ancestry.
Traditionally, the region of Ojo de Agua de Morán is known for its inhabitants of French, German, Italian and Spanish ancestry with strong family and Roman Catholic values. Most young men leave town to work in the United States. Also worth noting is the growing number of distinguished expatriates who emigrated to the US. These now reside particularly in California, Nashiville, Houston and the Chicago metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="31085344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085344" title="Viala">
Viala

Viala may refer to:
In geography:

</doc>
<doc id="31085381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085381" title="Bobby Paschal">
Bobby Paschal

Bobby Paschal (born October 21, 1941) is a retired college basketball coach. He was head coach of the South Florida Bulls team from 1986 to 1996, as well as the Southwestern Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns from 1978 to 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31085389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085389" title="We All Wanna Be Prince">
We All Wanna Be Prince

"We All Wanna Be Prince" is a song performed by American recording artist Felix da Housecat. Co-written by Alex Croisy, it was released as the album's second single in July 2009. The song was offered as the "Free MP3 of the Day" on Spinner.
Background.
"We All Wanna Be Prince" is written by Alex Croisy and Felix da Housecat, while the latter produced the song. In an interview with Spinner, Felix explained the significance of writing the song as a tribute to Prince : "Prince is one of the most brilliant, talented and influential musicians of all time, and without him, many contemporary musicians would be nowhere." In a post from his blog, Felix da Housecat described the recording of the song.
"Like Prince, we slowed my voice down, recorded me half speed through the computer and then sped me up. I sang it slow like "Erotic City" and we were cracking up. Then I played vocalist Ness some Wendy & Lisa and I brought her in and out of the track. It was a joke but then when the track was done, we realised we really had something!"
Composition.
"We All Wanna Be Prince" is credited as a song with Europop influences, and is also influenced by Prince.
Critical reception.
Jess Harvell of Pitchfork Media described the song as "so stagnant and obvious that you keep waiting for some conceptual punchline only to walk away with the dead air greeting a joke that fell on its face."

</doc>
<doc id="31085436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085436" title="2011 Rugby Super League season">
2011 Rugby Super League season

The 2011 Rugby Super League season will be the sixteenth season of the Rugby Super League, the United States' premier division of rugby union. The regular season will commence on March 12, 2011 with the Utah Warriors playing the Denver Barbarians. On April 30, 2011; the regular season will end culumnated by the RSL Playoffs, which the top four clubs will qualify for. The winner of the playoffs will be crowned the champions, and the winner of the regular season will be crowned the premiers.
The defending champions are the New York Athletic Club, the defending premiers are San Francisco Golden Gate.

</doc>
<doc id="31085465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085465" title="Kriyakramakari">
Kriyakramakari

Kriyakramakari (Kriyā-kramakarī) is an elaborate commentary in Sanskrit written by Sankara Variar and Narayana, two astronomer-mathematicians belonging to the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics, on Bhaskara II's well-known textbook on mathematics Lilavati. Kriyakramakari ('Operational Techniques'), along with Yuktibhasa of Jyeshthadeva, is one of the main sources of information about the work and contributions of Sangamagrama Madhava, the founder of Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics. Also the quotations given in this treatise throw much light on the contributions of several mathematicians and astronomers who had flourished in an earlier era. There are several quotations ascribed to Govindasvami a ninth-century CE astronomer from Kerala.
Sankara Variar (circa. 1500 - 1560 CE), the first author of Kriyakramakari, was a pupil of Nilakantha Somayaji and a temple-assistant by profession. He was a prominent member of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics. His works include "Yukti-dipika" an extensive commentary on Tantrasangraha by Nilakantha Somayaji. Narayana (circa. 1540-1610 CE), the second author, was a Namputiri Brahmin belonging to the Mahishamangalam family in Puruvanagrama (Peruvanam in modern-day Thrissur District in Kerala).
Sankara Variar wrote his commentary of Lilavati up to stanza 199. Variar completed this by about 1540 CE when he stopped writing due to other preoccupations. Sometimes after his death, Narayana completed the commentary on the remaining stanzas in Lilavati.
On the computation of π.
As per K.V. Sarma's critical edition of Lilavati based on Kriyakramakari, stanza 199 of Lilavati reads as follows (Harvard-Kyoto convention is used for the transcription of the Indian characters):
This could be translated as follows;
Taking this verse as a starting point and commenting on it, Sanakara Variar in his Kriyakrakari explicated the full details of the contributions of Sangamagrama Madhava towards obtaining accurate values of π. Sankara Variar commented like this:
Sankara Variar then cites a set of four verses by Madhava that prescribe a geometric method for computing the value of the circumference of a circle. This technique involves calculating the perimeters of successive regular circumscribed polygons, beginning with a square.
An infinite series for π.
Sankara Variar then describes an easier method due to Madhava to compute the value of π.
To translate these verses into modern mathematical notations, let C be the circumference and D the diameter of a circle. Then Madhava's easier method to find C reduces to the following expression for C:
This is essentially the series known as the Gregory-Leibniz series for π. After stating this series, Sankara Variar follows it up with a description of an elaborate geometrical rationale for the derivation of the series.
An infinite series for arctangent.
The theory is further developed in Kriyakramakari. It takes up the problem of deriving a similar series for the computation of an arbitrary arc of a circle. This yields the infinite series expansion of the arctangent function. This result is also ascribed to Madhava.
The above formulas state that if for an arbitrary "arc" θ of a circle of radius R the sine and cosine are known and if we assume that sinθ < cos θ, then we have:

</doc>
<doc id="31085477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085477" title="Medema">
Medema

Medema may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31085478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085478" title="Alexandre Marine">
Alexandre Marine

Alexandre Marine (; born September 30, 1958, in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia) is a Russian-born actor-director-playwright currently based in Montreal. On April 23, 1993, he was recognized by the Russian government as a Distinguished Artist of the Russian Federation.
His award-winning productions include "The Blue Rose" (Special Jury Prize at Amurskaya Osen' in Blagoveshensk), "...the itsy bitsy spider..." (Best of Baltimore, 2010), "Marie Stuart" (Best Montreal production, 2007-2008 season) and "Amadeus" (Best English-language production, 2006-2007 season)
Apart from his career as a stage actor and stage director, he has appeared in several Russian films.
Tabakov Theatre.
Marine began his career as an actor at Oleg Tabakov's theatre (commonly known as the Tabakerka), where he had his directorial debut, later becoming a staff director at the theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="31085482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085482" title="Rupert Magarey">
Rupert Magarey

Sir Rupert Magarey FRCS (1914–1990) was an Australian medical practitioner and surgeon. He was a past president of the Australian Medical Association.
Early life.
Sir Rupert Magarey was born James Rupert Magarey in Adelaide, South Australia, and attended Norwood Primary School and later St Peter's College, Adelaide. He graduated MB. BS. from the University of Adelaide in 1938.
Army service.
Magarey served in the Australian Imperial Forces during World War II, serving in the 7th Division in 1940. At the end of 1940 he sailed for the Middle East and Syria, where he served in the 2/11 Australian Army General Hospital. In recognition of his distinguished services he was mentioned in dispatches. After Japan entered the war Major Magarey's unit was recalled to Australia and later transferred to New Guinea and the Kokoda Trail as part of the 2/6 Australian Field Ambulance, serving as Senior Medical Officer at Alola on the Kokoda Trail.
Professional career.
Returning to Adelaide, South Australia after World War II Dr Magarey resumed his general practice in medicine. He was a General Surgeon and member of the Honorary Staff of the Royal Adelaide Hospital. Dr Magarey went to England to obtain his FRCS (Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons) in 1949. He returned to Adelaide and passed the FRACS in 1950 and Master of Surgery in 1951 from University of Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="31085494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085494" title="Rochester and Syracuse Railroad (interurban)">
Rochester and Syracuse Railroad (interurban)

The Rochester and Syracuse Railroad was a double-track, high-speed line line that ran between Rochester and Syracuse, New York. The tracks paralleled the New York Central Railroad and the Erie Canal and had only one grade crossing with another railroad its entire length. 
The road was first established as the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad in 1909, although a number of miles had been in use since 1906. In 1930, the rail was sold for junk and the line was abandoned in 1931.
History.
The Rochester and Syracuse Railway, Inc., of Syracuse, New York, was incorporated as the successor to the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad which was built in 1909 at a cost of $7 million, an exceptionally large sum.
Clifford D. Beebe owned the rail and it was part of the "Beebe Syndicate" that ran from Rochester, to Syracuse, to Auburn and on to Oswego on the shores of Lake Ontario.
Company management.
Arthur W. Loasby was president, T. C. Cherry was vice-president and general manager, and Elbert A. Hervey was treasurer.
Empire United Railways.
In 1913, largely in an effort to deal with heavy fixed charges of the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad, Beebe merged the line with two of his other interurban rails into Empire United Railways. The effort not successful and the new company failed in 1915 and was dissolved into its component interurbans in 1916. Beebe withdrew from interurban operation and the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad was reorganized in 1917 as the Rochester and Syracuse Railroad.
Financial.
The property was sold under foreclosure on August 28, 1917. When the new company formed in 1917, the firm had $3,000,000 of preferred stock and $1,500,000 of common stock outstanding. 
Operations.
While the road was in operation, it was noted for a high standard of service. Beginning in 1913, the company had three parlor cars on its "limited trains". This continued until World War I, when they were converted for freight service.
In 1927, the rail rebuilt seven of its standard coaches for limited service with double-width windows, bucket seats and new flooring. The limiteds made the trip in two hours and 40 minutes, some 50 minutes faster than local trains. After 1928, cars used the Rochester subway for their entrance to the city, saving about 12 minutes in running time. 
In spite of its "excellent physical plant," the interurban was unable to convince the railroads to interchange freight cars.
Vacation excursions.
By May 1923, a ten-day round trip to Rochester from Syracuse cost $3.90. The company advertised that a day would be spent in Sea Breeze, the largest resort west of Coney Island or the Highland, Seneca or Durand-Eastman Parks; "The finest free municipal parks in the State."
Tickets were sold at the "Electric Terminal" at 112 West Genesee Street where other rails such as Syracuse Northern Electric Railroad and Empire State Railway also sold vacation excursions.
Receivership.
The company went into receivership in 1930 and was sold for junk in the following year. The line was abandoned on June 27, 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="31085516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085516" title="Lake Thonotosassa">
Lake Thonotosassa

Lake Thonotosassa is an lake that is named after the census-designated place (CDP) that it is in, which is Thonotosassa, Florida. Residential development surrounds the lake. There are no roads that cross it, but the four roads that go around it are: Taylor Road/Fort King Highway (west), Thonotosassa Road (south), McIntosh Road, (east), and Knights-Griffin Road (north). U.S. Route 301 is about a quarter-mile northeast of the lake. The lake is owned and maintained by the Tampa Port Authority.
See also.
Thonotosassa, Florida

</doc>
<doc id="31085529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085529" title="Jazzie Zonzolo">
Jazzie Zonzolo

Jazzie Zonzolo (born 6 October 1989) is an English actor and comedian. He is best known for his lead role as TJ in his debut film "Anuvahood". He is also recognized for creating the YouTube series "Smokey's Barbers".
Background.
Zonzolo was born in Kingston upon Thames, London, England. In his appearance in the YouTube comedy series "Diary of a Bad Man", Jazzie explained he was half-Asian. Also, in his produced series "Smokey's Barbers", he also mentions to a character that he is Asian.
Career.
Zonzolo burst onto the UK Urban scene with his first performance on Channel U, featuring on the show "Boyed", a hidden camera and reality TV show which Jazzie had co-produced with various artists being victims of (varied) pranks carried out on them. His second project was co-hosting in a TV show, the "Illout Show", giving him the opportunity to interview more UK artists.
By the end of 2009, Zonzolo had his own show – "The Jazzie Show", aired on Channel AKA – showing his growth as a performer, writer and producer where the show included comedy sketches, releases and features of exclusive music videos. In the show, he interviewed many UK and American artists including Tinie Tempah, N-Dubz, Chipmunk, D12, Jasmine Sullivan, Jay Sean amongst others. Following the success of "The Jazzie Show", viewings for Channel AKA increased significantly. To reflect their appreciation, the team decided to give him the opportunity to produce a Christmas special for their viewers in 2009.
In 2011, Zonzolo gained success and stardom due to his character in the urban comedy film "Anuvahood", playing the role of TJ, opposite Adam Deacon. After "Anuvahood", Zonzolo appeared in Donae'o's music video "Party Hard". He was signed in a supporting role in one of the most viewed YouTube videos of 2011, "Diary of a Badman". He also did a guest appearance for the BBC drama "My Murder". Zonzolo was seen in the YouTube series "Smokey's Barbers". The series is set in London, and is a mockumentary show consisting of five episodes and a Christmas special. Zonzolo also wrote the show.

</doc>
<doc id="31085554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085554" title="Dear Heart">
Dear Heart

Dear Heart is a 1964 American romantic comedy film starring Glenn Ford and Geraldine Page. It was directed by Delbert Mann, from a screenplay by Tad Mosel. Its theme song, "Dear Heart", was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song.
Plot.
Evie Jackson (Geraldine Page) is a middle-aged, single postmaster who is attending a postmasters' convention in New York City. Honest and somewhat tactless, she has many friends but pines for love. Harry Mork (Glenn Ford) is a womanizing advertising executive who is staying in the same hotel while he finds an apartment. Mork is engaged to Phyllis (Angela Lansbury), a woman from Altoona, Pennsylvania. Mork has been told that Phyllis has a son, whom he assumes from a photo is about 13 years old. But the photo is old and her son, Patrick (Michael Anderson, Jr.), is actually 18 years old and a bohemian. Mork is surprised to discover Patrick's true age. He is also embarrassed by Patrick's casual attitude toward women and nudity, and suspicious of Patrick's seemingly platonic relationship with fellow student Émile Zola Bernkrand (Joanna Crawford).
Evie's numerous friends (including Miss Fox, Miss Tait, and Miss Moore—a trio of spinster postmasters) try to draw her into the parties and events of the postmasters' convention, but Evie wants to find romance. She uses various means to make herself seem important to strangers, and meets Mork in the lobby of the hotel. Patrick helps Mork find an apartment in Greenwich Village. Mork is more interested in June Loveland (Barbara Nichols), the buxom blond who staffs the stationary store in the hotel's lobby, than he is with Evie. Evie and Mork have lunch together, but Mork ignores Evie in favor of spending a few hours making love with Loveland in a hotel across the street.
The following day, Mork takes Evie to see his new apartment. She talks about married life. Later, Evie spends the evening shopping and seeing sights. She has some upsetting encounters in the hotel late at night, and Mork rescues her from a man with improper attentions toward her. The following day, while Evie attends her conference, Mork meets with his fiancée, Phyllis. Mork has begun to realize he is tired of womanizing and wants a home and a wife. Phyllis sees Mork as someone who can be a father-figure to Patrick and straighten him out, and who can give her the "good life" (free of cooking and cleaning) of hotel living.
Mork breaks off his engagement to Phyllis, realizing he loves Evie. Evie, convinced she is unwanted by any man, leaves for home. Mork has her paged in the railroad station, and they reunite.
Production.
"Dear Heart" was written by Tad Mosel, from his own story.
The film had a budget of about $1.8 million. Principal shooting occurred from October 3 to November 22, 1963. It was Geraldine Page's first solo leading lady role. Ford was convinced that actress Hope Lange was the only woman who could make him happy. As the production commenced, however, Lange married producer Alan Pakula. Ford was heartbroken. Although production of "Dear Heart" was generally a positive one, Ford could not stop brooding over Lange. Angela Lansbury took the role of the materialistic but good-hearted Phyllis because it gave her an opportunity to work with Geraldine Page.
Henry Mancini was hired to compose music for the film. Mancini felt such a gentle romantic film deserved a theme song. He quickly wrote music for the song, but it lacked lyrics. Mancini contacted Johnny Mercer, who was unavailable. So Mancini turned to Jay Livingston and Ray Evans. The lyricists read the script, and came up with the lyrics and title for the song based on their reading of Geraldine Page's character. The film's original title was "The Out-of-Towners". But Jay Livingston said that when Martin Manulis heard the theme song, he changed the title to "Dear Heart".
Warner Brothers was uncertain about when to release the film. Mancini, who had a 50 percent interest in the film's theme song with Larry Shayne, asked studio head Jack Warner to release the film so that it would qualify for the March 1965 Academy Awards. Warner agreed to release it for a week in Los Angeles (which, under Academy rules, would qualify it for the Oscars), if Mancini and Shayne would pay for the local advertising. Since this would cost just $10,000, Mancini and Shayne agreed to do so.
The film premiered on December 3, 1964, in Los Angeles, California, to qualify it for the 1964 awards season. It made its general release premiere at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, New York, on March 8, 1965.
Reception.
The film received little attention. Bosley Crowther, writing for the "New York Times", called it "a stale, dull and humorless pretension at what its producers dare to describe as 'gay, sophisticated comedy,' and it makes almost scandalous misuse of the recognized talents of Geraldine Page." Eleanor Perry, writing for "Life", felt that although the film was aimed at average people, it was condescending and patronizing to them.
Writing in 2008, Leonard Maltin felt it had "excellent characterizations" and a solid supporting cast. Film historians Rob Edelman and Audrey Kupferberg felt Lansbury's performance was thoughtful.
Awards.
The movie received an Oscar nomination for Best Original Song "Dear Heart." The music was composed by Henry Mancini, with lyrics by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="31085597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085597" title="Suzette Mayr">
Suzette Mayr

Suzette Mayr is a Canadian poet and novelist who has written three critically acclaimed novels. Currently an associate professor at the University of Calgary's Faculty of Arts, Mayr's writing and teaching is often focused on issues of race and ethnicity in Canadian culture. Mayr's works have been nominated for several literary awards.
Biography.
Suzette Mayr was born in Calgary, Alberta. Originally planning to study science in her post-secondary career, Mayr changed focus due to her strong performance in English. A creative writing course at the University of Calgary led to her decision to pursue a writing career. She graduated with an Honours bachelor degree in English Following her graduation from the University of Calgary, Mayr went on to acquire a Master of Arts in Creative Writing from the University of Alberta.
Mayr worked as a waitress and sandwich maker before establishing herself as a professional writer. In addition to her three novels ("Moon Honey, The Widows" and "Venous Hum"), Mayr has published books of poetry and co-edited a literary anthology. Her novels and other literary works have been nominated for several awards. In 2002, Mayr participated in the Markin-Flanagan Distinguished Writers Program at the University of Calgary, where she is now an associate professor for the Department of English and teaches courses on creative writing and contemporary literature studies. Mayr, a Canadian of German and Afro-Caribbean background, often explores issues of race, identity and sex in her writing through the stylistic use of humour, cultural mythologies and surreal imagery.
Novels.
"Moon Honey" (1995).
When eighteen-year-old white waitress Carmen becomes black, her fiancé Griffin is delighted, having 'always wanted to sleep with a black woman.' However, his racist mother Fran is furious that Griffin still wants to marry her. Fran is married to a man called God, and having an affair with her boss. While Griffin is away in Europe for six months, Carmen sleeps with his best friend. Upon Griffin’s return, he informs Carmen he does not want to marry her, but rather he wants to marry Renata, a woman he met while overseas, who later runs off with a lesbian liquor store cashier. "Moon Honey" was published by NeWest Press.
"The Widows" (1998).
Hannelore Schmitt, Frau Schnadelhuber and Fraulein Clotilde are elderly German immigrant women who are determined to plunge over Niagara Falls in a barrel, aided by Schmitt's granddaughter Cleopatra Maria. The narration of the novel moves between the day they go over the Falls, and the events that lead up to that day. The novel is coloured with quotes from various individuals who went over the falls, including Annie Edson Taylor (the first person to survive riding over Niagara Falls in a barrel), who becomes a character in the story. "The Widows" was published by NeWest Press. The novel was translated into German by Christine Struh and Ursula Wukfekamp in 1999, with the title "3 Witwen und ein Wasserfall" 
"Venous Hum" (2004).
Venous hum is the benign condition experienced by Lai Fun Kugelheim, the protagonist of the novel, in which one can hear the vibration, or hum, of one’s own blood as it flows through his or her veins. When an old high school acquaintance dies, Lai Fun and her best friend Stefanja Dumanowski are moved to organize a twenty-year reunion. As Lai Fun deals with the challenges of her self-appointed task, her same-sex marriage is falling apart as she has an affair with Stefanja's husband. Adding to Lai Fun's problems, her mother is an immigrant vampire vegetarian who cares only for her daughter's happiness. "Venous Hum" has been described as 'a funny, insightful, sexy, intelligent horror novel with memorable characters that never takes itself too seriously.' The novel was published by Arsenal Pulp Press.
"Monoceros" (2011).
"Monoceros" will be Mayr's fourth published novel. It is slated for release in April 2011. The story revolves around the suicide of a seventeen-year-old bullying victim and the effect it has on the people who were directly and indirectly involved in his life. "Monoceros" was published by Coach House Books. The book was inspired in part by a real-life incident of anti-gay bullying at the high school where Mayr's partner was teaching.
Anthologies.
"Boundless Alberta" (1993).
'Scalps' was Mayr's first story to be included in an anthology. "Boundless Alberta" was edited by Aritha Van Herk and published by NeWest Pres.
"Eye Wuz Here" (1996).
Mayr's 'Glass Anatomy' is included in this collection of stories by women writers under the age of 30. "Eye Wuz Here" was published by Douglas & McIntyre.
"Threshold" (1999).
Mayr's story 'Toot Suite Matricia' is included in this collection of literary stories by Albertan authors. "Threshold" was published by the University of Alberta Press.
"And Other Stories" (2001).
Mayr's story 'Nipple Gospel' is included in this anthology of stories by Canadian authors written in a postmodern style. "And Other Stories" was edited by George Bowering and published by Talonbooks.
"Broadview Anthology of Short Fiction" (2004).
Published by Broadview Press and edited by Mayr and Julia Gaunce, this anthology includes twenty- six stories and spans from the nineteenth to twenty-first century. The stories are organized chronologically and contain annotations for student readers.
"So Long Been Dreaming" (2004).
Mayr's short story 'Toot Sweet Matricia' is included in an anthology for the second time. "So Long Been Dreaming" contains science fiction and fantasy stories by authors of Aboriginal, African or Asian descent. The anthology was published by Arsenal Pulp Press and edited by Nalo Hopkinson and Uppinder Mehan.
Poetry.
"Zebra Talk" (1991).
Published by disOrientation chapbooks, "Zebra Talk" is a collection of poems in chapbook form dealing with the marginalization of both mixed race and homosexual peoples.
"Tale" (2001).
Published by Stride Gallery, "Tale" is a collection of illustrated poems (illustrations by Geoff Hunter) referencing the personal experiences of both Mayr and Hunter. The collection explores relationships, sexuality and love.
Award nominations.
Mayr's first published novel, "Moon Honey", was nominated for two awards by the Writers’ Guild of Alberta; the Georges Bugnet Award for Best Novel and the Henry Kreisel Award for Best First book. "The Widows", Mayr’s second novel, was short listed for the Commonwealth Writers' Prize for best book in the Canadian-Caribbean region.
Other.
In 2010, she served on the jury for the Dayne Ogilvie Prize, a literary award for emerging LGBT writers in Canada, selecting Nancy Jo Cullen as that year's prize winner.

</doc>
<doc id="31085607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085607" title="George Horlin-Smith">
George Horlin-Smith

George Horlin-Smith (born 22 December 1992) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He went to Pembroke School in Adelaide, South Australia. Horlin-Smith was a promising cricketer, having co-captained the Australian under-16 cricket team to the West Indies in 2008, but he decided to pursue a career in football. He has played for Geelong in the NAB Cup. He was taken by Geelong at number 37 in the 2010 AFL national draft. After suffering a shoulder injury in the lead-up to the 2011 season, Horlin-Smith was unable to break into Geelong's strong senior team, but he did manage nine games for Geelong's VFL side.
Horlin-Smith's development continued in 2012, playing three games with Geelong's AFL side. His 2012 season in Geelong's VFL side garnered a premiership medal with the Cats, and the Norm Goss Memorial Medal for best player afield in the Grand Final. He finished the regular season as Geelong's highest vote getter in the J.J. Liston medal, coming 5th overall.
Horlin-Smith was awarded the Round 4 nomination for the 2013 AFL Rising Star.

</doc>
<doc id="31085621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085621" title="Pierre-Alexis Delamair">
Pierre-Alexis Delamair

Pierre-Alexis Delamair () (Châtenay-Malabry 1675/6 — Agde 25 July 1745) was a French architect, theorist and city planner, whose ambitious plan for a rational restructuring of the center of Paris, 1737, never came to fruition, as it would have required the demolition of the existing city to be replaced with an ideal city.
Delamair was the son of Antoine Delamaire, and received his training in the Bâtiments du Roi, directed by Robert de Cotte. His three works on architecture remained in manuscript. In one, Delamair proposed in 1725 enlarging and connecting as one, the three islands in the Seine, the Île de la Cité, the Île Saint-Louis, and the Île Louvier, to make a single "Île de Paris" that would make a more suitable site for the Hôtel de Ville. The idea was taken up by Pierre-Louis Moreau-Desproux in 1769 and expanded towards the end of the 18th century by Pierre Patte and by Charles De Wailly.
Delamair completed three "hôtels particuliers", the Hôtel de Soubise at Paris (1704–1709), for François de Rohan, prince de Soubise, and the adjoining Hôtel de Rohan (1705–1708), built for Soubise's son, Armand-Gaston, bishop of Strasbourg, and revisions to the former Palais Rohan at Strasbourg (1705–1708, demolished within Delamair's lifetime for the present structure). His replacement at the Rohan houses by Germain Boffrand, at the moment of his precocious triumph, left him an embittered man.

</doc>
<doc id="31085640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085640" title="List of Italian products with protected designation of origin">
List of Italian products with protected designation of origin

List of Italian Protected Designation of Origin (PDO), Protected Geographical Indication (PGI) as defined in the Council Regulation CE 510/2006.:
Official data of the Italian Ministry of Agriculture updated on 15 February 2011 and of the Quality policies page on the Europa.eu website.

</doc>
<doc id="31085644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085644" title="Pensacola people">
Pensacola people

The Pensacola were a Native American people who lived in the western part of what is now the Florida Panhandle and eastern Alabama for centuries before first contact with Europeans until early in the 18th century. They spoke a Muskogean language. They are the source of the name of Pensacola Bay and the city of Pensacola. They lived in the area until the mid-18th century, but were thereafter assimilated into other groups.
Pensacola culture.
The historical Pensacola people lived in part of a region once occupied by a group that archaeologists call the Pensacola culture, a regional variation of the Mississippian culture that lasted from 1100 to 1700 CE. The archaeological culture covers an area stretching from a transitional Pensacola/Fort Walton culture zone at Choctawhatchee Bay in Florida to the eastern side of the Mississippi River Delta near Biloxi, Mississippi, with the majority of its sites located along Mobile Bay in the Mobile-Tensaw River Delta. Sites for the culture stretched inland, north into the southern Tombigee and Alabama River valleys, as far as the vicinity of Selma, Alabama. (The Fort Walton culture continued to exist in the Florida Panhandle to the east of the Pensacola area into the period of European colonization.) 
Perhaps the best known Pensacola culture site is the Bottle Creek Indian Mounds site, a large site located on a low swampy island north of Mobile, Alabama. This site has at least eighteen platform mounds; five of which are arranged around a central plaza. Its main occupation was from 1250 to 1550. It was a ceremonial center for the Pensacola culture peoples, and a gateway to their society. This site seems like an unlikely place to find a ceremonial center due to the fact that it is surrounded by swamps and is difficult to reach on foot. However, it would have been easy access by a dugout canoe, the main mode of transportation available to the people who built the Bottle Creek site.
Early contacts.
The Pensacola's first contact with Europeans may have been with the Narváez expedition in 1528. Cabeza de Vaca reported that the Indians they encountered in the vicinity of what is now Pensacola Bay were of "large stature and well formed," and lived in permanent houses. The "cacique" wore a robe of what de Vaca called "civet-marten", "the best , I think, that can be found." After initially appearing to be friendly, the Indians attacked the Spaniards without warning during the night.
In 1539 Diego Maldonado, exploring the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico under orders from Hernando de Soto, found Pensacola Bay (which the Spanish called the Bay of Achuse, Achusi, Ochuse or Ochus). Maldonado found a village on the bay, where he seized one or two of the inhabitants, along with a "good blanket of sables." De Soto ordered Maldonado to meet him at the Bay of Achuse the next summer with supplies for his expedition. Maldonado returned three years in succession, but de Soto never appeared. 
In 1559 Tristán de Luna y Arellano led an expedition to establish the Spanish colony of Ochuse on Pensacola Bay, then known as the Bay of Ichuse (also spelled Ychuse). The Spanish had planned to rely on the Indians for food supplies, but found the area almost deserted, with only a few Indians in fishing camps around the bay. The colony lost hundreds of people through storms and disease. Some tried to settle on an island off lower Georgia, but were damaged by storms there, too. Survivors moved on to Cuba and Mexico City.
Panzacola.
The first record of the name "Pensacola" was as "Panzacola" (or "Pansacola") in 1657 as the name of a village associated with the mission of San Juan De Aspalaga in the Apalachee Province ("Pansacola" was a common surname among the Apalachee). In 1685 the Spanish became concerned over reports that the French were trying to establish a colony on coast of the Gulf of Mexico. Over the next few years the Spanish searched for the rumored French colony, and for a good site for a Spanish colony to protect their interests in the area. The name "Panzacola" first was recorded in association with Pensacola Bay when Juan Jordan de Reina entered the bay in 1686; he found local Indians who called themselves and the bay "Panzacola". That same year a letter reported that "Panzacola" could be reached by canoe by travelling west from San Marcos de Apalachee, placing it twelve leagues from the "Indians of Mobile". "Panzacola" meant "long-haired people" or "hair people" in the Pensacola language, which was closely related to the Choctaw language.
Another expedition in 1688 found large, prosperous villages of "gentle and docile" Indians. In 1693 two expeditions, one from Vera Cruz in New Spain and another from Apalachee, found the area around Pensacola Bay nearly deserted, supposedly due to the Pensacola being wiped out in a war with the Mobile. The Spanish did find two small bands of Chacato (who were closely related to the Pensacola) in the area of Pensacola Bay that year. Swanton states that the Pensacola had not been killed, but had moved inland and to the west.
Final years.
A Spanish colony was established at Pensacola Bay in 1698, given the name Pensacola. The governor of Pensacola, anxious to have Indians living in the area to help provision and defend the new colony, met with a few Pensacolas and Chacatos, and urged them to move their villages closer to Pensacola. However, by 1707 the only Indians living near the Spanish fort were called "Ocatazes" by the Spanish. In 1725 or 1726 a village of Pensacolas and Biloxis on the Pearl River was reported to have no more than 40 men. In 1764 a village of Pensacola, Biloxi, Chacato, Capinan, Washa, Cawasha, and Pascagoula had 261 men. After 1764 most of the Pensacola are believed to have been assimilated into the Choctaw, but some may have gone to Louisiana with the Biloxi and merged into the Tunica-Biloxi, or been assimilated by Creek bands that moved into the area.
Other "Pensacola Indians".
From time to time various groups of Indians moved to the vicinity of the Spanish fort at Pensacola and were sometimes recorded as "Pensacola Indians". In 1704, 800 refugees from the Apalachee massacre reached Pensacola. The governor of Pensacola tried to persuade them to stay there, but most moved on to French Mobile. Some Apalachee moved back to Pensacola, and then onward to near San Marcos de Apalachee. By 1763 there were about 40 families of Apalachee living at Pensacola. In that year, at the end of the Seven Years War and Britain's defeat of France, the Spanish evacuated more than 200 Yemassee and Apalachee to Vera Cruz in Mexico before they turned Florida over to the British. The British exchanged some former French territory with the Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="31085672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085672" title="Almir Morais Andrade">
Almir Morais Andrade

Almir Morais Andrade (born May 11, 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31085733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085733" title="2011 Algarve Cup">
2011 Algarve Cup

The 2011 Algarve Cup was the eighteenth edition of the Algarve Cup, an invitational women's football tournament held annually in Portugal. It took place between 2–9 March 2011.
Format.
The twelve invited teams were split into three groups that played a round-robin tournament. 
Groups A and B, containing the strongest ranked teams, were the only ones in contention to win the title. The group winners from A and B contested the final, with the runners-up playing for third place and those that finished third in these two groups playing for fifth place.
The teams in Group C were playing for places 7–12, with the winner of Group C playing the team that finished fourth in Group A or B with the better record for seventh place and the Group C runner-up playing the team which came last in Group A or B with the worse record for ninth place. The third and fourth-placed teams in Group C played for eleventh place.
Points awarded in the group stage follow the standard formula of three points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss. In the case of two teams being tied on the same amount of points in a group, their head-to-head result determined the higher place.
Group stage.
All times local (WET/UTC+0)
Placement play-offs.
All times local (WET/UTC+0)
Top Goal Scorers.
Golden Boot:
Silver Boot:

</doc>
<doc id="31085760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085760" title="Takuma Sugano">
Takuma Sugano

Takuma Sugano (born April 5, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31085764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085764" title="Journal of Hindu Studies">
Journal of Hindu Studies

The Journal of Hindu Studies is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2008. It is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies It covers all aspects of Hindu studies.
Of the three annual issues, one is guest-edited and one open for submissions. The third issue usually publishes conference and panel papers. The first two issues are on the same broad annual theme. Themes published to date include: Hermeneutics and Interpretation, Aesthetics and the Arts, and Reason and Rationality.
The disciplines represented in the journal include history, philology, literature and the arts, philosophy, anthropology, sociology, archaeology, and religious studies.
The editors-in-chief are Gavin Flood, Jessica Frazier, and Rembert Lutjeharms.

</doc>
<doc id="31085765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085765" title="Sturgeon River (Prince Edward Island)">
Sturgeon River (Prince Edward Island)

The Sturgeon River is a river in the Atlantic Ocean drainage basin in Kings County in eastern Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Course.
The Sturgeon River begins in a field about southeast of the settlement of Brooklyn. It flows north, then turns east, passes over a dam, and flows past the community of Milltown Cross and Buffaloland Provincial Park. The river takes in the left tributary West Branch Sturgeon River, turns southeast, takes in the right tributary South Branch Sturgeon River, and reaches its mouth at Sturgeon Bay northwest of the community of Sturgeon. Sturgeon Bay is part of the larger St. Marys Bay on the Northumberland Strait on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, which leads to the Atlantic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="31085786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085786" title="Lauriane Rougeau">
Lauriane Rougeau

Lauriane Rougeau (born April 12, 1990) is an ice hockey player for the Cornell Big Red women's ice hockey program.
Playing career.
Rougeau played midget hockey for the Lac St. Louis Tigres. In 2002, she won a gold medal at the Atom AA Quebec Provincials while playing with the Lakeshore Panthers. Three years later, she won a silver medal with Quebec at the 2005 National Women’s Under-18 Championships.
In 2005, Rougeau was part of the team that took first place at the Québec Atom AA championships. Her team also took first place at the 2005 Jeux du Québec.
At the 2007 Canada Winter Games, Rougeau won the bronze with Quebec. In the same year, she represented Quebec at the National Women’s Under-18 Championship and was awarded a silver medal.
Ligue de hockey féminin collégial AA.
In 2007–08, Rougeau factored in the Cheminots du Cégep St-Jérôme winning the Collégial AA championship with a perfect 27–0 record. The following year, she helped Dawson Blues to a 31–1 record and a runner-up finish in the Collégial AA playoffs of 2008–09. For the season, she led Dawson defenders in scoring. Dawson competed in the 2009 Junion Women’s Hockey League Challenge Cup in Washington, D.C. and Rougeau helped the team win the tournament.
NCAA.
Rougeau joined Cornell in 2009 and was named an NCAA Second Team All-American and Ivy League Rookie of the Year. She ranked second among Cornell defenders and freshmen in scoring in 2009–10. Rougeau ranked third overall in Cornell scoring in 2009–10. As a rookie, she was part of the Cornell team that played in the NCAA championship game at the 2010 Frozen Four, but were defeated by the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs.
CWHL.
Despite playing minor hockey, Rougeau was part of the Montreal Axion which had a runner-up finish in the 2006-07 NWHL season. In 2009, she competed for the Montreal Stars and was part of a Clarkson Cup victory.
Hockey Canada.
Rougeau assisted on the first goal in the history of the Canadian National Women’s Under 18 program (on August 23, 2007 in Ottawa, Ontario). The goal would be scored by future Cornell teammate Catherine White. In addition, she was team captain for that game. She was captain once more, as part of Canada’s National Women’s Under-18 Team as they won a silver medal at the 2008 IIHF World Women’s Under-18 Championships. She was recognized as Top Defender.
She would compete with Canada’s National Women’s Under-22 Team in 2008 as part of a three-game series vs. the United States in Pierrefonds, Quebec. In August 2009, she would play for the team for another three game series against the US (this time in Calgary, Alberta). The following year, she would participate in another series vs. the US (contested in Toronto, Ontario).
Rougeau competed in the MLP Cup on three separate occasions. She won a silver medal at the 2009 MLP Cup in Ravensburg, the gold medal at the 2010 and 2011 MLP Cup, respectively. On October 3, 2011, she was named to the Team Canada roster that will participate in the 2011 4 Nations Cup. In a game versus Russia at the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship, Rougeau logged a goal and an assist in a 14–1 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="31085798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085798" title="The Greatest Story Never Told (disambiguation)">
The Greatest Story Never Told (disambiguation)

The Greatest Story Never Told (disambiguation) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31085807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085807" title="Yoshinori Doi">
Yoshinori Doi

Yoshinori Doi (土居 義典, born April 2, 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31085809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085809" title="Lego Speed Racer">
Lego Speed Racer

Lego Speed Racer is a 2008 Lego theme based on the 2008 film "Speed Racer" (which is based on the cartoon of the same name). It consists of four sets which were first released in April 2008.
Overview.
In January 2008 it was announced that The Lego Group had acquired the rights from Warner Bros. to produce four sets based on the upcoming "Speed Racer" film. Lego has previously partnered with Warner Bros., creating Batman and Harry Potter themes. The Speed Racer theme was released under the Lego Racers brand.
The four sets were first released in the United States on April 3, 2008. In the United Kingdom the sets Speed Racer & Snake Oiler, Racer X & Taejo Togokhan, and Grand Prix Race were released on April 6, 2008, while Cruncher Block & Racer X was released later at the start of May.
Sets.
"Speed Racer & Snake Oiler" is a 242-piece set. It features the Mach 5 supercar and Oiler's orange race car, both around 17 cm (6.5") long, and two minifigures: Speed Racer, wearing a blue pullover, and Snake Oiler. 'Racer X & Taejo Togokhan' is a 237-piece set. It features a red and black racecar, a yellow and black race car, both around 16 cm (6") long, and two minifigures: Racer X and Taejo Togokahn, wearing a white suit. "Cruncher Block & Racer X" is a 367-piece set. It features the same yellow and black race car from the 'Racer X & Taejo Togokhan' set, a 33 cm (13") semi truck and four minifigures – Racer X, Cruncher Block, Cruncher's driver, and Taejo Togokahn. "Grand Prix Race" is a 595-piece set. It features the Mach 6 racecar, a black and yellow racecar, a black and grey race car, a commentators box, a car workshop, and seven minifigures: Speed Racer wearing white racing coveralls, Gray Ghost, Cannonball Taylor, Pops Racer, Spritle, Trixie, and a commentator.
Reception.
Animetion.co.uk rated the set 'Speed Racer & Snake Oiler' (8158) four out of five, stating the set is "great fun to build and are good enough to display or play". They however criticized the use of stickers due to the large margin of error when applying them to the bricks and that one sticker covers three bricks, which could lead to problems when deconstructing the set.
This series was referenced in "The Lego Movie", when Wildstyle mentions the "lesser" worlds of Lego and a picture of the set is briefly shown.

</doc>
<doc id="31085815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085815" title="Figure skating at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics – Qualification">
Figure skating at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics – Qualification

The overall quota for the figure skating competition is 76 total skaters, consisting of 38 men and 38 ladies. There will be 16 skaters in each of the single skating disciplines (boys' and girls'), 10 pair skating teams, and 12 ice dancing team. The maximum number of entries that can be qualified by a National Olympic Committee is 2 per event, making 12 (6 men, 6 ladies) the maximum number of entries that a country can qualify.
Qualification system.
Skater qualification.
There is no individual athlete qualification to the Olympics; the choice of which athlete(s) to send to the Games is at the discretion of each country's National Olympic Committee.
Country qualification.
The number of entries for the figure skating events at the Olympic Games is limited by a quota set by the International Olympic Committee. There will be 16 skaters in the disciplines of boy's and girls' singles, 10 pair skating teams, and 12 ice dancing teams.
Countries may qualify entries to the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics in two ways. The host country, if it has not already qualified replaces the last qualified entry in that respective event.
The majority of the country qualification occurred at the 2011 World Junior Figure Skating Championships. At the World Junior Championships, countries qualified up to 2 entries in each discipline. Every discipline qualifies separately.
The remainder of the spots were filled at the 2011–2012 ISU Junior Grand Prix, held in between August and December 2011. Countries who had already earned an entry to the Olympics were not allowed to qualify more entries at this final qualifying competition. If Austria does no qualify an athlete in an event, it will substitute the last country that earned a berth in that event.
Qualified countries.
The following countries have qualified athletes:

</doc>
<doc id="31085838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085838" title="Xu Guangqi Memorial Hall">
Xu Guangqi Memorial Hall

The Xu Guangqi Memorial Hall (徐光启纪念馆) is a memorial and museum for the Chinese 17th century scholar Xu Guangqi. It is located in Nandan Park (南丹公园, officially renamed Guangqi Park -光启公园- since 1983 for the 350th anniversary of Xu Guangqi's death), Xuhui, Shanghai, China.

</doc>
<doc id="31085859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085859" title="Jun Enomoto">
Jun Enomoto


</doc>
<doc id="31085879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085879" title="Matthew MacFadzean">
Matthew MacFadzean

Matthew MacFadzean is a Canadian actor and playwright who was born in 1972 in North York, Ontario. As an actor he has worked at theatres across Canada, including both the Shaw and Stratford Shakespeare festivals. He has written and produced eight plays, the most notable works including "richardthesecond", and the multi-Dora award winning "The Mill". He attended McGill University, the National Theatre School of Canada, and studied television writing at the Canadian Film Centre. He currently acts and writes for television. He is the winner of many awards including the prestigious Fox Foundation Scholarship. MacFadzean is the youngest of three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31085894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085894" title="Al Gomes">
Al Gomes

Al Gomes is an American record producer and songwriter from Providence, Rhode Island. Gomes has been in the music business for over 35 years, is the co-founder of Big Noise, and was part of the team that launched the career of multi-platinum Grammy Award winner Christina Aguilera.
Early Years.
After winning first place in an art contest in 1973 at the age of 13 (juried by Rhode Island School of Design faculty), Gomes set his sights on a career in arts and entertainment. At this time, Gomes began writing, producing, and selling homemade cassettes of both original songs and comedic skits featuring neighborhood friends. 
He attended high school at LaSalle Academy in Providence, RI, pursuing a Liberal Arts curriculum. By 1976, he was a DJ at Brown University's student-run radio station WBRU-AM. He also served as News Director for a Junior Achievement-produced youth-oriented radio show at WPRO-FM (92 PRO-FM) called 'J.A.M.,' and as an on-air student reporter for The Providence Journal-owned WPJB-FM (JB 105).
Gomes earned his Bachelors of Arts degree in Communications and Graphic Design at Rhode Island College in Providence. While attending college, he worked for the school paper, The Anchor, first as a columnist, then as Arts and Entertainment Editor. After the college radio organization, WRIC-FM, recruited him as a DJ, Gomes produced an on-air interview and music show, Backstage Pass, for the station. Guests included The Police, Spyro Gyra, The Tubes, Dead Boys, Ellen Foley, Robin Lane and the Chartbusters, and The Neighborhoods.
His ongoing interest in songwriting solidified when Rhode Island College approved and financed a student-produced staging of Gomes and his new songwriting partner Jim Deragon's musical play, 'Suite Samantha' in 1983. The play's poster was designed by noteworthy artist Spencer Crooks (Who's Who In American Art). A sequel to the musical, 'Rich Moves,' was later staged at the concert venue The Living Room in Providence, RI.
Career.
Bandwagon.
In 1986, inspired by Bob Geldof's Band Aid project, Gomes conceived the Bandwagon Project with publicist Jamie Kurtis, and co-wrote and executive produced the 3-song benefit recording, 'Three Sides of Hunger' featuring ‘Surrender to Serenity’ performed by co-writer Jim Beaupre, ‘Where Homes Is’ performed by co-writers Mark Cutler and platinum recording artist John Cafferty, and ‘A Piece of Our Hearts’ (co-written with Mark Bram and Jamie Kurtis), performed by a 150-person celebrity chorus consisting of musicians, journalists (including MTV Networks executive producer Bill Flanagan), TV broadcasters, politicians, and human service agency heads. Soloists on ‘A Piece of Our Hearts’ included Cheryl Wheeler, and Belly and L7’s Gail Greenwood. ‘A Piece of Our Hearts’ received widespread radio airplay.
Gomes also produced two sold-out televised Bandwagon benefit concerts. Bandwagon’s goal was to elevate awareness of the plight of the poor in America and raise monies for American agencies that aid the hungry and homeless. For his efforts, Gomes went on to win The Jefferson Award from the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Foundation for Outstanding Public Service, joining past recipients Oprah Winfrey and Bob Hope.
Big Noise.
In 1990, Gomes, along with partner A. Michelle, founded Big Noise, an international music production, artist development, and independent A&R firm. Gomes has assisted with the release of 300+ recordings of diverse musical genres by superstar and independent recording artists. He has managed many of the projects from concept to completion including assisting the artist with setting a budget for each project, choice of the artist's material and producer, hands-on A&R direction in the studio, art direction of recording package, manufacturing of finished CD, and the publicity, marketing and distribution of the release. Gomes also assists with the branding of an artist, image, their business strategy and decisions, and the overall direction of their career.
Gomes was part of the team that helped launch Christina Aguilera's career. After Aguilera was discovered by his good friend and colleague Steve Kurtz, Gomes served as Director of Online Entertainment and Marketing for Aguilera and her company, Three Wishes Productions, Inc. from 1998-2003, working as her publicist and webmaster ('Best Sites of the 21st Century' - Entertainment Weekly ), as well as being her biographer and archivist, and serving on her promotion and marketing team. In addition, Gomes produced two singles for Aguilera ('Holiday With Christina' and 'What A Valentine Wants') and executive produced a #1 dance remix of her single 'What A Girl Wants' for RCA/BMG Records.
He also conceived and produced American Idol's Katharine McPhee's iTunes Christmas single, 'A Gift to You,' as well as serving as a regional judge for the TV show.
Gomes has also worked with Red Hot Chili Peppers, Jim Brickman, Béla Fleck, Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Little Anthony and the Imperials, Jay Geils, Paul Doucette (Matchbox 20), Glenn Tilbrook (Squeeze), Freddy Cole, multi-platinum producer Shelly Yakus, actor/directors Andrew McCarthy, Tiffani Thiessen, Stephen Collins, and William Shatner, and many others.
Gomes’ work has earned him gold and multi-platinum awards from the Recording Industry Association of America.
Gomes has produced 26 award-winning CD compilations including CDs for First Night Boston and the National Association of College Broadcasters (which featured R.E.M., Anthrax, Primus, Cowboy Junkies, Henry Rollins, Cracker, Eve's Plum, Luscious Jackson, and Mazzy Star). The NACB CD received Print Magazine's annual 'CD Design Award.'
Gomes also produced the original motion picture soundtrack CDs for the directorial debuts of actors Andrew McCarthy ('News for the Church') and Tiffani Thiessen ('Just Pray,' which featured Paul Doucette from Matchbox 20 and Lori McKenna). He also produced two music documentaries, 1988’s 'The Rash Christmas Special' and 2005's 'Billy Gilman: The Making of Everything and More.'
Gomes is a full voting and nominating member of the National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences (The Grammy Awards), as well as serving on the Grammy Nomination Craft Committees for Best Recording Package and Best Box Set.
Gomes has composed songs with many award-winning and renowned songwriters including two-time Emmy Award Winner Sean Callery ('24,' 'Medium,' 'La Femme Nikita'), John Cafferty ('Eddie and the Cruisers'), Jimmy Crane (Elvis Presley, Doris Day), Mike Viola ('That Thing You Do,' 'Walk Hard'), David Minehan (Paul Westerberg, The Neighborhoods), Chris Dominici (National Geographic Network, Fox Sports), and Mark Cutler (The Schemers, The Raindogs), among others.
In 2010, Gomes produced and co-wrote all of the tracks on pop singer Derek Carvalho's debut CD, 'Simple As That.'

</doc>
<doc id="31085897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085897" title="Natural Wonder (disambiguation)">
Natural Wonder (disambiguation)

Natural Wonder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31085914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085914" title="Genichi Takahashi">
Genichi Takahashi

Genichi Takahashi (born June 28, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31085934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085934" title="Benjamin W. Fortson, Jr.">
Benjamin W. Fortson, Jr.

Benjamin Wynn Fortson Jr. was a Secretary of State of Georgia. After being selected by Ellis Arnall, the governor in 1946, Fortson kept his title as Secretary until 1979, making him the longest running Secretary in Georgia History.
Background.
Benjamin Wynn Fortson Jr. was born in 1904 in Wilkes County, Georgia. At twenty-four, he was in a car accident that permanently paralyzed him from the waist down. He was elected to the state senate in 1938 and served until he was appointed secretary of state by Governor Ellis Arnall in February 1946 to fill the unexpired term of John B. Wilson. Fortson was elected in the next election and every four years thereafter.
He was serving his ninth term at the time of his death on May 19, 1979, in Atlanta, Georgia. After funeral services in the rotunda of the State Capitol, he was buried in Wilkes County in Rest Haven Cemetery.
Secretary of State.
In 1946, Fortson was appointed Secretary of State. While in office, he was assigned many different jobs that were not originally responsibilities of the Georgia Secretary of State. Fortson was in charge of the preservation of the Capitol and looked after the Confederate cemeteries.
In 1965, Ben Fortson had the Georgia Archives relocated to a building on Capitol Avenue because the archives were too big for its previous location. "Fortson often said this was his proudest accomplishment". The building was later renamed for him. Another accomplishment Fortson had while he was in office was the custom of giving information on Georgia history to teachers and allowing children to visit the Capitol. At one point there was a report that he was going to move up in office until he stated that "Secretary of state is a fascinating job, not like being governor," revealing that he was running for another reelection.
Three Governors Controversy.
The Three Governors Controversy took place from 1946 to 1947. Eugene Talmadge was elected to be the next governor of Georgia, but he fell ill and died before he was inaugurated. Because of this, the General Assembly decided to elect Herman Talmadge, the son of Eugene Talmadge, to be the new governor of Georgia. However, two other people wanted the position. Ellis Arnall, the governor who was about to leave office, decided to stay governor and refused to leave his office. The other man was Melvin Thompson, the just elected lieutenant governor. Ben Fortson, who was secretary of state at this time, was in charge of the state seal. Neither man could do official government actions without this seal so Fortson hid the seal and refused to tell anyone where it was until the government issue was resolved. This caused the council to take action. After the dispute ended, he revealed the location of the hidden seal. Fortson had put the seal under a cushion in his wheelchair and had been sitting on it during the dispute. Fortson later quoted that he was "sitting on it like a setting of duck eggs." The controversy ended with Melvin Thompson being named the new Governor by the Georgia Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="31085944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085944" title="Michael Genovese (artist)">
Michael Genovese (artist)

Michael Genovese is an American artist. He currently lives and works in Los Angeles, California.
Projects.
P.S./P.P.S. (2008-2012), collected the thoughts and perspectives of individuals through the act of collaborative mark making. The drawings and social commentary were archived through transcribing, translating, and reinterpreting the data through others. The information is a starting point in the artist’s creative process where the source of inspiration is the unedited literal and visual information. 

</doc>
<doc id="31085957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085957" title="Middleborough High School">
Middleborough High School

Middleborough High School is a public high school located in Middleborough, Massachusetts. The school is located at 71 East Grove Street. Middleborough has an approximate student enrollment of 850 students in grades 9–12. The schools mascot is known as the Sachem, and the school colors are Black & Orange. Middleborough is mentioned in Alice Hoffman's short story, "Saint Helene."

</doc>
<doc id="31085999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31085999" title="Martin E. Schreiber">
Martin E. Schreiber

Martin E. Schreiber (November 11, 1904 – January 29, 1997) was a carpenter, real estate agent and Republican politician from Milwaukee who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and 32 years as an alderman of the City of Milwaukee (1944–1976). He was the father of Martin J. Schreiber, later to become a Democratic Governor of Wisconsin.
Background.
Schreiber was born in Budsin in Marquette County, Wisconsin. After attending a Lutheran parochial school, he attended North Division high school and Boys Trade and Technical High School, as well at the University of Wisconsin–Extension Center in Milwaukee (later to become part of UW-Milwaukee). He worked as a carpenter and a carpenter foreman, then became a real estate agent, a property manager, and an appraiser for and director of a savings and loan association.
Running for the Assembly.
In 1940, after losing a race for alderman, he challenged Socialist incumbent Assembly member Arthur Koegel in the seventh Milwaukee County Assembly district (7th ward of the City of Milwaukee); Schreiber won a four-way primary, but Koegel won the general election with 4248 votes, to 3973 for Schreiber and 1828 for Democrat Clarence Findley.
In 1942, he faced Koegel once more and won, with 2696 votes to 1652 for Progressive Walter Ensslin and only 818 for Koegel. He was assigned to the standing committee on State Affairs.
In 1944, Schreiber defeated veteran Socialist alderman Alex C. Ruffing in the spring municipal election, and did not seek re-election to the Assembly, although he did serve out his term after being sworn in as alderman. He would remain on the Common Council until 1976. His seat in the Assembly was taken by fellow Republican Clyde Follansbee.

</doc>
<doc id="31086007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086007" title="Ras El Kelb">
Ras El Kelb

Ras El Kelb is a truncated, seaside cave and Paleolithic settlement located on the low lying (5 m) coast of Lebanon, 5 miles North of Beirut. It is one of the oldest inhabitations found in the country.
Rescue excavations were carried out in 1959 by Dorothy Garrod and G. Henri-Martin. They dug 2 trenches named the 'Rail' and 'Tunnel' trenches, from which they recovered over 30,000 flint artefacts of a wide variety for statistical analysis from 22 geological layers. It was concluded that the sea had passed the level of the cave 3 times since its first dated inhabitation around 50,000 BC (52,000 B.P.).
They also discovered a tooth suggested to belong to a Neanderthal. It was suggested that the inhabitants were expert at hunting gazelle using the flints recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="31086028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086028" title="Radisson Hotel Saskatoon">
Radisson Hotel Saskatoon

Radisson Hotel Saskatoon is a tower located at 405 Twentieth Street East in the Central Business District of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The building was completed in 1983 and at 24 stories (79.2 m) is the ninth tallest building in the city and contains 291 rooms. Similar in design to the La Renaissance Apartments that form part of the same complex.
See also.
List of tallest buildings in Saskatoon

</doc>
<doc id="31086081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086081" title="Hospital de Clínicas &quot;José de San Martín&quot;">
Hospital de Clínicas &quot;José de San Martín&quot;

The Hospital de Clínicas "José de San Martín" is a teaching hospital located in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It belongs to the University of Buenos Aires (UBA), currently the best ranked university in that country.
History.
The original building of the hospital was designed by the engineer Mauricio Schwartz and was concluded by 1879. Nevertheless, in 1880 during the conflict for the Federalization of Buenos Aires, it was used as barracks for marksmen and hospital for the wounded in the battles of Puente Alsina, Corrales and Barracas.
The Province of Buenos Aires, defeated by the National Army, gave control of the hospital to the School of Medicine of the University of Buenos Aires and, on August 31, 1880, the National Government ratified that decision.
Built accordingly to the models of its time, the design was inspired by the Friedrichshain Hospital in Berlin and the lazaretto in Karlsruhe.
Ever since 1927, due to the old hospital deterioration and according to needs emerging in the previous years, several projects for building a new hospital were planned but never materialized until 1949, when the current building of the Hospital de Clínicas “José de San Martín” was started in the city block formed by the streets Uriburu, Paraguay, Azcuénaga and Córdoba Avenue. The construction suffered numerous delays and only in 1962 did the first services –Radiology and Otorhinolaryngology out-patient clinic- start functioning in the new hospital. The rest of the services were gradually transferred during the following years.
It was during the first years of the 1970s decade that the new building gained full functionality and in 1975 the demolition of the old hospital was started.
Education.
The Hospital de Clínicas “José de San Martín” is the most renowned teaching hospital in Argentina. Every year, it receives hundreds of medical students who will spend there the last three years of their medical education. Only medical students from the University of Buenos Aires are accepted.
The hospital also offers a wide span of residency programs for medicine, biochemistry and pharmacy graduates from UBA and other universities as well as foreign graduates, mostly from other countries in Latin America.
Residencies in the Hospital de Clínicas are among the most esteemed programs in Argentina and South America as many of Argentina’s medical figures spent their medical careers in this institution.
Achievements.
This prestigious institution has been the setting for many firsts in Argentina and worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="31086107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086107" title="Ottawa Station (Rock Island Line)">
Ottawa Station (Rock Island Line)

Ottawa Station was a Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad station in Ottawa, Illinois. It was located just east of Columbus Street and on the south side of the track. The building had the same design as Rock Island Line stations in Iowa City and Council Bluffs, Iowa. The station is east of a junction with the Illinois Railway (former CB&Q branch line to Streator). The still standing station house is used for CSX maintenance of way vehicles. 

</doc>
<doc id="31086209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086209" title="Basil Rigg">
Basil Rigg

Basil Augustus Rigg (born 12 August 1926) was an Australian cricketer who played for Western Australia in the Sheffield Shield. 
During the 1940s, Rigg also played Australian rules football and was the leading goal-kicker for WANFL club Perth in 1943. The following year he enlisted in the Australian Army and served overseas. A rover, he had a stint at West Perth before returning to Perth after the war. Towards the end of the decade he gave up football so he could concentrate on his promising cricket career. He however still remained active outside of cricket, by playing baseball and was a state representative in the Claxton Shield.
An all-rounder, Rigg was a member of the Western Australian Sheffield Shield winning in 1947/48. He played in two matches, including their win over Queensland which secured the Shield for the first ever time in the state's history. Rigg's contribution towards a successful campaign was limited, he could only manage 34 runs in four innings and failed to take a wicket. In all first-class matches that summer, he took just three wickets with his leg spin, despite bowling over 500 balls. His bowling was used less frequently in future seasons. Both of his first-class half centuries were also made in 1947/48 and both were against national teams. He scored 54 not out against India and also put in his best performance with the ball by dismissing two batsmen, including their best in Vijay Hazare. Playing against an Australian XI soon after, Rigg made 65 in the first innings, after initially retiring hurt on five. He also took the wicket of opener Bill Brown but went for 65 runs from his six overs. It was often the case that he would return expensive bowling figures, with his career economy rate finishing above four runs an over. Nonetheless it had been perhaps his best match as he had made his half century against an attack featuring the likes of Keith Miller and four other bowlers who would later form part of "The Invincibles".

</doc>
<doc id="31086215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086215" title="List of San Francisco Giants first-round draft picks">
List of San Francisco Giants first-round draft picks

The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in San Francisco, California. They play in the National League West division. Officially known as the "First-Year Player Draft", the Rule 4 Draft is MLB's primary mechanism for assigning players from high schools, colleges, and other amateur clubs to its franchises. The draft order is determined based on the previous season's standings, with the team possessing the worst record receiving the first pick. In addition, teams which lost free agents in the previous off-season may be awarded compensatory or supplementary picks. Since the establishment of the draft in 1965, the Giants have selected 68 players in the first round.
Of those 68 players, 32 have been pitchers, the most of any position; 23 of these were right-handed, while 9 were left-handed. The Giants have also selected twelve outfielders, seven shortstops, six catchers, four third basemen, and three players each at first and second base. One player, 2010 selection Gary Brown, was drafted as a center fielder. The franchise has drafted eight players from colleges or high schools in their home state of California, more than any other. The Giants have never held the first-overall pick, but they did have the second pick in 1985, with which they drafted Will Clark.
Four of San Francisco's first-round draft picks have won two World Series championships with the team—Matt Cain, Tim Lincecum, Madison Bumgarner, and Buster Posey—all as part of the 2010 and 2012 championship teams. Two of the Giants' selections have won the National League Rookie of the Year Award: Gary Matthews (drafted in 1968) won in 1973; and Posey (drafted in 2008) won the award in 2010. Posey was also named the National League's Most Valuable Player in 2012. Two of the Giants selections have been named the Most Valuable Player of the National League Championship Series; Matthews in 1983 with Philadelphia, and Clark in 1989. Lincecum, the Giants' 2006 selection, won the Cy Young Award—awarded annually to the best pitcher in each league—in 2008 and 2009. 
San Francisco has made 16 selections in the supplemental round of the draft. They have also received 12 compensatory picks since the first draft in 1965. These additional picks are provided when a team loses a particularly valuable free agent in the previous off-season, or, more recently, if a team fails to sign a draft pick from the previous year. The Giants have failed to sign two of their first-round selections: 1979 pick Rick Luecken; and 1996 pick Matt White. The Giants did not receive any compensation for Luecken, but they did receive the 49th pick in 1997 for failing to sign White.

</doc>
<doc id="31086230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086230" title="Baldhead River (Ontario)">
Baldhead River (Ontario)

The Baldhead River is a river in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada. It is located entirely within Lake Superior Provincial Park.
Course.
The river begins at Baldhead Lake adjacent to the Mijinemungshing Lake 
parking area and heads west then southwest along the Mijinemungshing Road. It passes under the road, then turns south and parallels Ontario Highway 17. It takes in the left tributary East Branch Baldhead River, continues south and roughly parallel to Ontario Highway 17, and reaches its mouth near the headland named Bald Head on Lake Superior. The Orphan Lake Trail passes along the mouth of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="31086263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086263" title="Andrea Stone">
Andrea Stone

Andrea Stone is an American journalist. She was recently hired as the executive producer of the upcoming Al Jazeera America digital team. She was most recently senior national correspondent for The Huffington Post, which she left in November 2012. Previously, she was senior Washington correspondent for AOL News. Stone was a long-time correspondent for USA Today where she covered national and foreign news, politics, Congress and the Pentagon.
Early life and education.
Stone was born and raised in the Bronx, N.Y. She is a graduate of Christopher Columbus High School (Bronx, New York). Stone earned a B.A. at CUNY Lehman College and an M.S. at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
Career.
Stone began her career working for small newspapers in New York, Florida and Illinois, including the Riverdale Press in the Bronx. She also freelanced early on for Newsweek, Business Week, Chicago Tribune, The Gainesville Sun (Fla.) and several New York City weekly newspapers.
In 1984, she went to work as a reporter, researcher and editor for Gannett News Service and Pennywhistle Press in Arlington, Va. The following year, she began as a reporter in the Money section of USA TODAY. In 1989 she joined the News section as a national correspondent. During her nearly 24 years at USA TODAY, Stone reported from 47 states and more than two dozen countries. She has reported from Iraq, Afghanistan, Israel and the Palestinian territories and covered 9/11 at the Pentagon.
She is a co-author on the book "Desert Warriors: Men and Women Who Won the Persian Gulf War."
Stone was hired by AOL in September 2009 as part of its push to produce original content.
At a National Press Club luncheon on July 15, 2011, Arianna Huffington and Tim Armstrong, CEO of AOL, the parent company of the Huffington Post Media Group, referred to Stone in their remarks: “A journalist is not a single entity. A journalist is a network,” Armstrong said. Someone like “Andrea Stone, who I was a big fan of before we started working together. My guess is Andrea Stone has a convening power. Certain people in the world, in the journalism field, who are able to convene the most important information as a society and are able to synthesize it and get it out to people in a way that’s very manageable and focused.” 
In April 2013, she was hired as a senior online executive producer of the upcoming Al Jazeera America's digital team. She along with Tony Karon will be responsible for managing both U.S. and global coverage for the channel’s website and other digital platforms.
Media appearances.
Stone's TV appearances include CNN, MSNBC, C-SPAN Washington Journal, Close-Up at the Newseum and USA TODAY LIVE. On radio, she was a regular panelist on WBUR’s Here and Now (Boston) from Sept. 2001 to Feb. 2005 and has been a guest on NPR’s All Things Considered, Talk of the Nation, To the Point, The Connection and On Point; Washington Post Radio, WTOP Washington and many regional commercial talk shows.

</doc>
<doc id="31086270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086270" title="Michele Cervellini">
Michele Cervellini

Michele Cervellini is a Sammarinese footballer who currently plays for Juvenes Dogana in San Marino.
He has made 17 appearances for the San Marino national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31086273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086273" title="Biathlon at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics">
Biathlon at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics

Biathlon at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics took place at the temporary Biathlon Course at the Seefeld Arena venue in Innsbruck, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="31086281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086281" title="Despaigne">
Despaigne

Despaigne is a Cuban surname. People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31086283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086283" title="Now Is the Time (Jeff Lorber Fusion album)">
Now Is the Time (Jeff Lorber Fusion album)

Now Is the Time is a jazz album released by Jeff Lorber Fusion. The album was released in 2010 on Heads Up Records and was produced by Jeff Lorber, Bobby Colomby, and Jimmy Haslip. It was nominated for the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album.
Overview.
"Now Is the Time" is the first Jeff Lorber album billed as a Jeff Lorber Fusion release since 1981's "Galaxian". This version of The Fusion includes Lorber on Fender Rhodes electric piano, Hammond B-3 organ, and acoustic piano with bassist Jimmy Haslip, saxophonist Eric Marienthal, guitarist Paul Jackson, Jr., trumpeter Randy Brecker, and drummers Vinnie Colaiuta and Dave Weckl. The album also features the Blood, Sweat & Tears horn section, Tom Timko, Steve Jankowski, Jens Wendelboe, and Teddy Mulet, on two tracks, "Pixel" and "Sumatra" and vocalist IreneB on four tracks, "Water Sign", "Rain Dance/Wanna Fly", "Sugar Free", and "Curtains/Before We Go".
The album was nominated for the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album but lost to the Stanley Clarke album "The Stanley Clarke Band". The other nominees were "" by Joey DeFrancesco, "To the One" by John McLaughlin, and "Backatown" by Trombone Shorty.
Tracks.
The opening track, "Rain Dance/Wanna Fly", is one of several new versions of old Jeff Lorber Fusion tracks, this one was originally on the 1979 album "Water Sign". The original, an instrumental, has been sampled by Lil' Kim on "Crush on You". This version has lyrics written and sung by IreneB. George Benson's touring drummer, Lil' John Roberts, plays on the album's second track, "Dr. Moy". "Pixel" was penned by Lorber along with Bobby Colomby from Blood, Sweat & Tears and Jimmy Haslip from the Yellowjackets and features the Blood, Sweat & Tears horn section. "Sugar Free" features IreneB on vocals.
"Mysterious Traveller" is a new arrangement of the Wayne Shorter penned song from the 1974 Weather Report album of the same name. This version highlights saxophonist Eric Marienthal. "Curtains/Before We Go" is a new version of another old Jeff Lorber Fusion track that has been sampled by Nelly on "Pimp Juice". This ballad features IreneB on vocals.
"Black Ice", a remake from the 1978 album "Soft Space", is highlighted with a Jimmy Haslip bass solo. "Las Rosas" is another track co-written by Colomby and features Lorber on piano. "Chinese Medicinal Herbs" is new version of old Jeff Lorber Fusion track from their first release. "Water Sign" is another track that was previously released as an instrumental that has been updated with lyrics by IreneB. The album's closing track, "Sumatra", features the Blood, Sweat & Tears horn section.
Reception.
Reviewer Howard Dukes called "Now Is the Time" a "listener's album" "with its radio friendly R&B songs and instrumentals that cover the scope of electrified jazz". He also commented that it is "refreshing to see how Lorber is willing to kick up the jazz quotient on R&B influenced tunes".
In All About Jazz, Eugene Holley, Jr. writes how the musicians "serve up a pleasing disc". Also from All About Jazz, James Nadal calls the music "easy on the ears and accessible to a broad audience". He comments how the album "offers a variation of tempos" and that the songs " seamlessly from one to the next".
Marvin Leon Lake, of "The Virginian-Pilot" calls the album "a successful endeavor" that "captures the improvisational energy of fusion, while infusing more jazz and R&B into Lorber’s tunes". In Allmusic, Alex Henderson wrote that the album is not "the work of a jazz purist or a bop snob, but...has a jazz improviser's mentality" and called it "a fine album".

</doc>
<doc id="31086294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086294" title="Laetitia d'Arenberg">
Laetitia d'Arenberg

Laetitia d'Arenberg, formerly Lætitia Marie Madelaine Susanne Valentine de Belzunce d'Arenberg, was born on September 2, 1941 in Brummana, Mandate of Lebanon now Lebanon. She is a French Uruguayan businesswoman.
Background.
She is a daughter of Henri de Belzunce and Marie-Thérèse de la Poëze d'Harambure, members of the historical French nobility by birth Her father was an officer in the Moroccan Tirailleurs and died fighting for France at the Battle of Monte Cassino, on May 13, 1944. He belonged to a family of ancient nobility in France, originally from Lower Navarre, who held the "seigneurie" of Belzunce near Bayonne, where the family was notable since the 12th century, and had received the "Honneurs de la Cour" at Paris in 1739. 
On August 20, 1949 her mother was re-married, to Prince Erik Engelbert, 11th Duke of Arenberg. In 1951, she moved with her family to Uruguay because her family feared expansion of the Korean War to Europe. On 15 February 1956 Laetitia and her brother, Rodrigue, were adopted by her step-father, Prince Erik Engelbert. Although the adoption did not entitle her to use or inherit his family's dynastic titles and styles of prince, duke and Serene Highness, her legal surname became "de Belzunce d'Arenberg", and she became one of the heirs to his personal fortune.
Marriage.
On June 19, 1965 she was married civilly to HIRH Archduke Leopold Franz of Austria-Tuscany at St. Gilgen, Austria, the religious nuptials followed on 28 July at Menetou-Salon, France Their first child, Archduke Sigismund of Austria-Tuscany, now head of the of the Imperial House of Habsburg, was born at Lausanne, Switzerland, on 21 April 1966. Their second child, Archduke Guntram Maria Josef of Austria-Tuscany, was born at Montevideo, Uruguay on 21 June 1967.
Laetitia and her husband divorced on 21 May 1981 at Salzburg, Austria. Leopold Franz moved to Europe, re-married a commoner in June 1993 (and was again divorced in 1998), renouncing his headship of the House of Tuscany in favor of his and Laetitia's elder son on 12 April 1994, while Laetitia remained in Uruguay. Some years later she was re-married, to John Anson.
Endeavors.
She is the owner of many companies, including Las Rosas, Simoca (Lapataia), Liderak (Mondial/Juki motorcycle importer), Bor (Mitsubishi Motors and Great Wall Motor automobiles importer), Nimansur (JAC Motors trucks importer), and others.
Honours.
By decree of the President of the French Republic, Nicolas Sarkozy, on April 10, 2009, Laetitia of Arenberg was accorded the medal of the Legion of Honor in the grade of Knight ("Chevalier"). This distinction was awarded in recognition of her 30 years of professional success which encompassed commitment to numerous social projects in Uruguay, particularly to benefit disadvantaged children and young people addicted to drugs. The official award ceremony occurred on 24 September, sponsored by a French Senate delegation during an official visit to Uruguay, led by Senator Jean-Marc Pastor, accompanied by Senators Rémy Pointereau, François Fortassin, Gérard Miquel and Annie Jarraud-Vergnolle.

</doc>
<doc id="31086308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086308" title="Gyrfalcon Lake">
Gyrfalcon Lake

Gyrfalcon Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Gyrfalcon Lake is east of Two Ocean Glacier.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="31086318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086318" title="Largus (genus)">
Largus (genus)

Largus is a genus of North American true bugs in the family Largidae.
Species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="31086329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086329" title="Daisuke Ishihara">
Daisuke Ishihara

Daisuke Ishihara (born December 9, 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086330" title="Las consecuencias">
Las consecuencias

Las Consecuencias ("The Consequences") is an album by former Heroes Del Silencio front-man and lead vocalist, Enrique Bunbury.
Track listing.
The album comprises 11 songs 

</doc>
<doc id="31086334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086334" title="Dominican Carnival">
Dominican Carnival

Carnival in the Dominican Republic is celebrated during the whole month of February, although some towns celebrate it during March, Holy Week and August.
The festival usually climaxes around February 27, Dominican Independence Day. This carnival is distinguished by its colorful costumes, that symbolize many religious and traditional characters such as "Calife", "Guloya" or the famous "Diablo Cojuelo". It is celebrated in most of the island, each town adding its own twist or creating their own characters and groups. It is enjoyed by young and old throughout the country since many of the groups are created by families, companies, and friends.
History.
It is believed that this celebration was brought by Christopher Colombus when he came to America. The Christians and the known follower Maximo De La Rosa would let their slaves have some diversion so that they got the "wild" out of their system, but also the slaveowners would enjoy this festivities. Since Christians considered this a "pagan" celebration they added their own inflections because they wanted to enjoy it.
Carnival has been celebrated in the Dominican Republic since the mid-1500s. Evidence of this has been found in the ruins of La Vega Vieja (near the present day La Vega) showing that celebrations were held here before they were celebrated in Santo Domingo. The celebration consisted that the resident dressed themselves as Moors and Christians.
It is thought that the colony of Santo Domingo was the first place in the Americas to show a pre-Lenten costume. The celebration became a way to escape from the rigid religious traditions. By the late 1700s the carnival became a major celebration in the colony. Then in February 27, 1844 when the Dominican Republic won its independence from Haiti celebration gained a bigger splendor, because the Dominicans were celebrating their independence. Making February a very festive month in the Dominican Republic.
Meaning.
The celebration is showed as an "upside-down world", and since the country is Catholic by its constitution the rulers of the world must not be God or Jesus Christ but the Devil. Men dress as women, livestock dominates their ranchers is what you can expect in this eccentric carnival.The main character in the celebration is the "Diablo Cojuelo" (Limping Devil in English) this doesn't mean that it is a worship for the Devil, it is exactly the opposite because it is a satire of it.
Characters.
The list of characters included during the celebration is immense, but there are some characters that are seen throughout the countries during the festivities. Such as:
There are many more but those are some of the most used around the country, it is important to say that every town has their own variations of these and some original characters.
Celebration.
There are many ways in which it is celebrated, but most towns and cities share common characteristics:
Main parades.
There are some Dominican cities that hold world-renowned parades such as:

</doc>
<doc id="31086356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086356" title="Keiichiro Nakano">
Keiichiro Nakano

Keiichiro Nakano (born March 29, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086373" title="NBA Premium TV">
NBA Premium TV

NBA Premium TV is a 24-hour all-basketball cable channel in the Philippines. The channel is a joint broadcasting between Solar Entertainment Corporation a subsidiary of Solar Television Network, Inc. and NBA TV. NBA Premium TV is a re-direct broadcast of NBA TV, the league's dedicated channel in the United States. The channel offers High Definition and Standard Definition type of broadcast.
Features.
NBA Premium is the sister channel of Basketball TV, but the channel airs more games and NBA-content than its sister channel or ABS-CBN (Free TV partner).Since it is also a re-direct broadcast of NBA TV, there will be no local commercial insertions and only airs commercials coming from the US feed and local announcements. The channel is only dedicated to NBA programs unlike on BTV which airs generally about Basketball, and airs content like Euroleague and FIBA tournaments. The channel also keeps commentary from US during the NBA Finals, and also a direct re-broadcast from ABC/ESPN,while BTV and ABS-CBN uses the World Feed and Local commentary (for ABS-CBN). The channel also continues to air NBA-related programming during off-season like WNBA games on Pre-season games.
Programming.
Here is the roster of programs aired in NBA Premium TV

</doc>
<doc id="31086376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086376" title="Nicola Ciacci">
Nicola Ciacci

Nicola Ciacci is a Sammarinese footballer who currently plays for S.S. Pennarossa in San Marino.
He has made 16 appearances for the San Marino national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31086378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086378" title="Carole Baillien">
Carole Baillien

Carole Baillien is an actress, author and voice actor from Belgium.
Carole plays characters in theatrical, television, and Belgian and French movies. She also contributes to French language voice work for foreign movies, shows, and videogames as well. She is best known as the French language of Naruto Uzumaki in the French version of Naruto.

</doc>
<doc id="31086379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086379" title="List of Italian football transfers summer 2011 (July)">
List of Italian football transfers summer 2011 (July)

This is a list of Italian football transfers for the 2011–12 season. Only moves from Serie A and Serie B are listed.
The summer transfer window would run from 1 July 2011, the end of the 2010–11 season, with a few transfers taking place prior to the season's complete end.

</doc>
<doc id="31086386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086386" title="Paljor Stadium">
Paljor Stadium

Paljor Stadium, also known as Palzor Stadium is an association football stadium located in Gangtok, Sikkim, India. It is current home to United Sikkim Football Club. It is currently used mostly for association football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 people.
History.
Origin.
The Paljor Stadium is popularly known as Polo Ground. Chogyal named it around 1943 because Britishers and few members of aristocratic family of Sikkim played at the Polo Ground. While tracing the history of Paljor Stadium it is indeed very difficult to ascertain its origin. The old timers recall this flat piece of land being used by the Tibetan traders to station their herds of Sheep en route to the Sikkim and India. Around 1939 one of the Political Officers, Sir Basil Gould had sanctioned Rs.3000 (approx $75.2634)to the Forest Department and ordered that the grass demonstration farm be set up there. Kikuyu Grass from Africa and Venezuela grass were grown for the soil binding, The whole task was completed in April 1941. Later Paljor Stadium proved to be a major venue of all public meeting including those of Prime ministers and religious leaders. The ground as been hosting the Independence day and republic day celebrations and also all major atheistic events.
Renovation.
It was on 24 July 1998 that a High Power state Committee constituted by the government took a decision to upgrade and renovate the existing Paljor Stadium. The project of redesigning and modernizing cost was around 30 Crores, out of which 15.36 Crores was from DONER contribution and remaining from the State coffer. The actual work started off in 2001. The modern look of the stadium was designed by M/S Archtech Consultant Pvt. Ltd., Kolkata and its execution was assigned to Civil Engineers Enterprise Ltd. Kolkata. Initially the project was scheduled to be completed by March 2004, but owning the additional work the date was shifted to April 2005.
Upgradation of the Paljor Stadium.
The work on the upgradation of Paljor Stadium was started in April 2001 and has been completed and the Stadium has been since handed over to the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs. The Stadium has an estimated sitting capacity of 25,000 spectators and the accumulated cost of construction stands at Rs. 30.70 crores. It has the following facilities:
The ultra-modern Paljor Stadium was inaugurated by His Excellency Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, the President of India on 22 September 2005 in gracious presence of H.E. the Governor of Sikkim and Dr. Pawan Chamling, Hon’ble Chief Minister of Sikkim.

</doc>
<doc id="31086388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086388" title="2005 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
2005 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2005 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from March 4–7, 2005 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was Old Dominion, who received an automatic bid to the 2005 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31086392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086392" title="Junji Sato">
Junji Sato

Junji Sato (born February 4, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086416" title="The Enterprise-Tocsin">
The Enterprise-Tocsin

The Enterprise-Tocsin is a newspaper in Mississippi. The newspaper offices are in Indianola. The newspaper is distributed in Sunflower County and sections of northern Humphreys County. It is published weekly, on each Thursday.

</doc>
<doc id="31086423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086423" title="Natural Selection (film)">
Natural Selection (film)

Natural Selection is a 2011 comedy-drama film written and directed by Robbie Pickering. It stars Rachael Harris, Matt O'Leary, John Diehl, and Jon Gries. The film was accepted by South by Southwest for the 2011 Narrative Feature Competition.
Synopsis.
Linda White, a barren Christian housewife, leads a sheltered existence in suburban Texas. Her world is turned upside-down when she discovers that her dying husband, Abe, has a 23-year old illegitimate son named Raymond living in Florida. Somewhere on the edge of guilt and loneliness, Linda grants Abe's final wish and sets off on a quixotic journey to find Raymond and bring him back before her husband passes away. Along the way, Linda's wonderfully bizarre relationship with Raymond will teach her more about herself than she ever imagined possible and force her to come to terms with her troubled past.
Awards and accolades.
"Natural Selection" was well received at its 2011 South by Southwest debut, winning both jury and audience awards for best narrative feature, in addition to best screenplay, best editing, and best score/music.
Lead actors Rachael Harris and Matt O'Leary both received breakthrough performance awards.
The film so impressed critic Roger Ebert that he showed the film at Ebertfest in 2011 and granted it three and a half out of four stars. Both director Robbie Pickering and actress Rachael Harris received Golden Thumb awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31086430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086430" title="Wonders of the Universe">
Wonders of the Universe

Wonders of the Universe is a 2011 television series produced by the BBC, Discovery Channel, and Science Channel, hosted by physicist Professor Brian Cox. "Wonders of the Universe" was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two from 6 March 2011. The series comprises four episodes, each of which focuses on an aspect of the universe and features a 'wonder' relevant to the theme. It follows on from Cox's 2010 series for the BBC, "Wonders of the Solar System".
Episodes.
1. "Destiny".
In the first episode, Cox considers the nature of time. He explores the cycles of time that define the lives of humans on Earth, and compares them to the cycles of time on a cosmic scale. Cox also discusses the Second Law of Thermodynamics and its effect on time, and the Heat death of the universe. The US broadcast was originally aired on 3 August 2011, and was titled "Cosmos Made Conscious."
2. "Stardust".
In this episode, Cox discusses the elements of which all living things, including humans, are made. He explores the beginnings of the universe and the origins of humanity, going far back in time to look at the process of stellar evolution. He explains how these basic elements are related to the life cycles of the stars and the recycling of matter in the Universe, touching down in Katmandu and Rio de Janeiro. The US broadcast was originally aired on 27 July 2011, and was titled "Children of the Stars."
3. "Falling".
This episode documents how gravity has an effect across the universe, and how the relatively weak force creates an orbit. We also see how a neutron star's gravity works. Finally, there is a look back at how research on gravity has enabled us to better understand the cosmos. The US broadcast was originally aired on 10 August 2011 and was titled "The Known and the Unknown."
4. "Messengers".
The final episode shows how the unique properties of light provide an insight into the origins and development of mankind and the Universe. Cox demonstrates how the speed of light allows scientists to measure distance and time with a trip in a fighter jet that they use to break the sound barrier. The US broadcast originally aired on 17 August 2011 and was titled "On Beams of Light."
The four episodes were repeated as part of the BBC Learning Zone (intended for use in Secondary Schools) in an early morning slot (5.00 - 6.00 am) on Wednesdays from the end of September 2011 on BBC Two. Each one-hour programme carried a subtitle ("Learning Shorts") and was segmented into 3 continuous short films (of approximately 20 minutes' duration) with separate titles, making 12 in total. The original episode titles were not used.
Reception.
The initial episode gained viewing figures of 6 million people when it was first shown on the BBC, and it was the first BBC factual show to top the iTunes chart.
The series received generally positive reviews. Chris Harvey of the "Daily Telegraph" said "Cox is different. Scientists who can capture the popular imagination come along extremely rarely ... These days, science programmes regularly provide some of the most striking images ever seen on the small screen", and Tom Sutcliffe of "The Independent" commented "it's big on cosmic dazzlement and mind-boggling perspectives and full of epic orchestration and screen-saver graphics." Sam Wollaston of "The Guardian" chose to focus on Cox's presenting style rather than the scientific content of the programme.
Sound complaints.
Following complaints from viewers that the background music was loud enough to make Cox's narration difficult to hear, the BBC agreed to remix the sound for all the episodes. Cox thought this was a mistake, as he believed the series should be a "cinematic experience".
The DVD and Blu-ray versions are released with the original sound mix as opposed to the broadcast versions.
Merchandise.
The Region 2 DVD and Blu-ray discs were released on 4 April 2011.
The Region 1 DVD and Blu-ray discs were released on 30 August 2011.
The Region 4 DVD and Blu-ray discs were released on 1 September 2011.
The accompanying hardcover book was released on 3 March 2011: 
A soundtrack album of music composed for "Wonders of the Universe" by Sheridan Tongue (including selected music from "Wonders of the Solar System") was released to coincide with the first airing of the show on BBC Two.

</doc>
<doc id="31086434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086434" title="Charlie Sullivan (curler)">
Charlie Sullivan (curler)

Charles "Charlie" Sullivan, Jr. (born April 30, 1968) is a Canadian curler from Saint John, New Brunswick. He is a former World Junior curling champion, and a five time provincial champion. 
Career.
In 1987, playing third for the Jim Sullivan rink out of Fredericton, New Brunswick, Sullivan won the New Brunswick junior provincial title earning him a right to represent New Brunswick at the 1987 Canadian Junior Curling Championships. At the Canadian Juniors, the New Brunswick team defeated Ontario's Wayne Middaugh 8-6.[http://cdn.curling.ca/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/Juniors_Men_1987.pdf]. This qualified them to represent Canada at the 1987 World Junior Curling Championships, which the won. They beat Sweden's Peja Lindholm rink 4-2 in the final. The Jim Sullivan Rink was inducted into the NB Sports Hall of Fame in 1994.
In 1990, the team won their first provincial men's championship. At the 1990 Labatt Brier the team went 6-5 in the round robin, but won a tie-breaker and the semi-final before losing to Ontario's Ed Werenich in the final. In 1994, Sullivan won his second provincial title, this time playing third for Brian Dobson. At the 1994 Labatt Brier, New Brunswick finished 5-6, out of the playoffs. In 1997, Sullivan won his third provincial title, this time playing third for James Grattan. After finishing the round robin with an 8-3 record, they won in the 3 vs. 4 game, but lost to Manitoba's Vic Peters in the semi-final. In 2001, Sullivan won his fourth provincial title. This time, playing with Jim, the team finished with a 6-5 record at the 2001 Nokia Brier. 
In 2010, Sullivan re-joined the James Grattan rink and won his fifth provincial title in 2011. He coached teams skipped by Sandy Comeau (2005 & 2007) and Andrea Crawford (2013 & 2014) at the Scotties. Sullivan has coached Saint John High School's swim team since 1991, and has led them to claim 31 New Brunswick Interscholastic Athletic Association swimming championship banners.
External links.
Saint John Telegraph Journal article

</doc>
