<doc id="30946325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946325" title="Turnerites">
Turnerites

Under a variety of names and within a number of organizations over at least 17 years, the group around Harry Turner, or Turnerites was a presence within Trotskyism in the United States.
History.
The group originated in a controversy within the Spartacist League in the late 1960s. The leadership under James Robertson wanted the group to focus on organizing among students while Harry Turner wanted to organize a series of rank-and-file caucuses within labor unions, particularly minority workers, to oppose both employers and the union leadership. To this end Turner convinced the Spartacist League to create a pan-union Militant Labor Civil Rights Committee in September 1967. Robertson, however, had this group dissolved the next year and suggested that cadres form separate caucuses in their respective unions. The Spatacist League was wracked with a faction fight over this issue during 1968 at the end of which the group led by Harry Turner was expelled. During this fight the Turnerites were allied with another faction that was attracted to the ideas of the French Lutte Ouvrière but they left to establish their own organization, Spark, before the Turnerites were finally expelled.
Once out of the Spartacist League the Turner group looked for another Trotskyist group to unite with. After brief flirtations with the Workers League of the United States and Lyndon LaRouche's SDS-Labor Committee the tendency grouped around its publication, the "Vanguard Newsletter". The newsletter kept some of the ideas that Turner advocated within the Spartacist League, including the building of rank-and-file caucuses within the unions with the ultimate aim of turning them into workers' councils or soviets.
The Vanguard Newsletter group still shopped around for another organization to merge with. For a time they explored opportunities with various De Leonist groups that had left the Socialist Labor Party, Socialist Reconstruction and the Socialist Forum Group, but nothing ever came of it. In 1972 when the Leninist Faction left the Socialist Workers Party and formed the Class Struggle League (CSL) the Turnerites quickly made contact with it, even though it was in the process of negotiating with the Spartacists. After an attempt to unite the three groups was rejected by the SL, the Turnerites merged with the CSL. There were still controversies in the new organization. The majority former Leninist Faction members felt that the time had come to proclaim a Fifth International, while the minority from the Vanguard group wished to reconstruct the Fourth International. The minority and majority also differed on the nature of the Eastern European communist states with the later considering them deformed workers' states. On trade union work the first conference favored the idea of rank-and-file caucuses did not wish to build a national organization of such committees just yet, when there was no base for them.
The Class Struggle League dissolved in May 1975 with the former Leninist Faction group joining the Trotskyist Organization of the United States. The Turnerites reorganized into an independent group, the Trotskyist Organizing Committee (TOC). At this point it had around thirty members spread out in New York, Chicago, San Francisco and Texas. It began making overtures to other Trotskyist parties based on a five point programme: recognition of the counter-revolutionary role of Stalinism, for the Fourth International, for the Transitional Program, a national organization of rank-and-file trade union caucuses and formation of a labor party. They attempted mergers with the SWP, Spark, the Socialist League (Democratic Centralist) and the Revolutionary Workers League all to no avail.
Finally, in 1978, TOC was invited to join the Committee for a Revolutionary Socialist Party, an umbrella group of several Trotskyist organizations. It joined the group in November 1978. However, when the CSRP proclaimed its intention to form itself into a distinct political party adhering to democratic centralism in July 1980 the Turnerites left again, this time emerging as the Revolutionary Unity League 
In January 1982 when the Morenoist faction of the Fourth International, International Workers League (Fourth International), was preparing its first world congress both the RUL and a group called the Revolutionary Workers Front sent representatives hoping to secure affiliation. With the encouragement of the leadership of the International the two groups set up a "leadership team" to co-ordinate joint strikes, demonstrations and campaigns. The two groups also had discussions where their political differences were hammered out and eventually planned a unification convention. This convention met on June 26–27, 1982 and a new organization, the Internationalist Workers Party (Fourth International) was founded.
However in July 1984 a sever factional crisis wracked the party with the eventual establishment of the International Socialist League (Fourth International) with Turner in the leadership. The IWP(FI) remained the official Morenoist affiliate in the United States, though the ISL(FI) remained a "sympathizing section". The ISL(FI) began publishing a newspaper, "Workers Organizer", in November 1985, stating it had branches in New York, Los Angeles, Minneapolis and Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="30946331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946331" title="Caenagnathinae">
Caenagnathinae

Caenagnathinae is a subfamily of Oviraptorosaur Dinosaur. Fossils have been found in Alberta, Montana, Utah and Texas. It is a sister group to "Caenagnathasia", Elmisaurinae, "Epichirostenotes" and "Nomingia".

</doc>
<doc id="30946383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946383" title="Daisy Mountain Preserve">
Daisy Mountain Preserve

The Daisy Mountain Potential Preserve is a undeveloped Arizona State Trust Land area straddling the communities of Anthem, Desert Hills, northern area of Phoenix and New River Arizona, open to the public if they have a State Land Department Recreation Permit. The form is at http://www.land.state.az.us/programs/natural/RecreationPermit.pdf. Residents of the surrounding area enjoy hiking, horse back riding, photography, bicycling, birding, and other recreational activities within the potential preserve. Motorized vehicles are restricted by Arizona State Trust Land and Maricopa County Dust regulations. There is no water due to limited precipitation over the desert landscape, though intermittent or seasonal washes do exist. There are no designated trails although the Maricopa County Regional Trail's Anthem Trailhead is near-by and a number of informal trails providing paths exist and can be used by mountain bikers, hikers and horse-riders. Plant life consists mostly of cacti and dry shrubbery. A portion of the potential preserve seems to be limited to residents of the Anthem Country Club only, though there is a county easement from the Maricopa County Regional Trail through the Country Club to the Daisy Mountain Arizona State Trust land. Visitors are encouraged to use their judgement as to avoid intrusion onto Country Club property.
Making the Daisy Mountain Arizona State Trust Land a Preserve is the major focus of the North Country Conservancy.
Those interested in other places to hike in the area may wish to go to the New River Nature Preserve. 
References.
http://www.land.state.az.us/programs/natural/recreation_permit.htm
http://www.maricopa.gov/aq/divisions/compliance/dust/default.aspx
http://www.maricopa.gov/parks/MaricopaTrail/
http://www.dflt.org/new-river-nature-preserve.php

</doc>
<doc id="30946391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946391" title="TeenNick HALO Awards">
TeenNick HALO Awards

The TeenNick HALO Awards is a TV special that airs on TeenNick every December of every year. It profiles four ordinary teens who are Helping And Leading Others (HALO). Created by chairman Nick Cannon, the show is similar to other awards shows, such as CNN's Heroes award. The HALO Awards "...flips the script and features today’s biggest celebrities giving out the awards instead of receiving them,” said Marjorie Cohn, Executive Vice President, Original Programming and Development of Nickelodeon. It profiles four teens who are usually seniors in high school or has just started college, that sacrificed themselves to better the lives of others.
Prize.
Each teen is presented with usually $10,000 to further their education, another sum for their own charity or in cases where the teen does not have his/her own charity, they have the option of giving it to the charity of their choice. On top of that, they get to spend time with a celebrity who shares their passion.
Honorees.
The following is a list of all the HALO award winners
2011 Honorees.
James O'Dwyer.
Nineteen-year old, Georgia native James O'Dwyer is a charismatic engineering student and true Southern boy who loves the outdoors, country music and rooting for the Alabama Crimson Tide. On April 27, 2011, James was sitting in his dorm room at the University of Alabama when the devastating tornado hit Tuscaloosa. The tornado miraculously spared the campus but left a six-mile track of destruction across town. After the campus was shut down and he returned home, James decided he would collect supplies to help the tornado victims in Tuscaloosa.
Utilizing several social media networks, James put out the word that he would be collecting donations for those affected by the tornado and within hours, his driveway was filled with people dropping off donations. With the success of his collection, James was not only able to drop off supplies in Tuscaloosa, but continue collections to aid many of the smaller towns affected by the crisis. He soon started Magnolia Disaster Relief, an aid program that targets the small rural towns that were hit the hardest and helped the least. 
Although it has been several months since the tornado hit, James and Magnolia Disaster Relief are still very active, coordinating donations to affected areas and providing help for other disasters no matter how large or small. He plans to create "hit kits" which will provide all the essentials for a small community to have on hand in case of a disaster. He never wants to be unprepared again and believes even the smallest communities can be ready for when a natural disaster occurs.
Emily-Anne Rigal.
As a young girl, Emily-Anne Rigal was constantly bullied because of her weight. She was put down and isolated by her peers to the point where she felt her only option was to switch schools. Recognizing just how upsetting her experience with bullying had been, she vowed that she would do everything she could to keep others from going through the same thing. 
In 2010, Emily-Anne took to the web and created WeStopHate.org, a teen-run website that combats bullying through social media videos created by teens themselves. WeStopHate.org currently has over 500,000 members in which participants share videos of their own stories of triumph and offers advice to others affected by bullying on how they can put a stop to it. 
Constantly on the go, Emily-Anne travels around the country giving presentations, speaking at summits and helping others design anti-bullying campaigns. She continues to be a role-model and inspiration - answering fan mail, giving advice and spreading her message of self-worth. Sending inspirational messages, quotes and photos to their audience many times a day, Emily-Anne truly gives teens a voice and platform to tell their story. For more information on "We Stop Hate", check it out here.
Shanoah Washington.
Effervescent and charismatic, this confident California-born teen had an incredibly rough childhood that was plagued with gang violence. Thankfully, her grandmother decided to move herself and Shanoah to St. Petersburg, Fla., and enrolled her at the local Boys & Girls Club, providing her with guidance to reach her full potential. She has since contributed over 4500 hours of public service as a Jr. Leader, Teen Council Vice President and tutor for Project Learn. She was also voted the 2010 and 2011 Youth of the Year.Through the club, Shanoah has used her spoken word and slam poetry to promote social consciousness and to help young people find their voice so they can heal and express their hopes and dreams. During one of her poetry classes, an 11 year old girl who had been abused, raped, molested and moved through the foster care system broke down to Shanoah saying she was fed up with life and wanted to give up and commit suicide. Reminded of her own childhood and remembering that she wished she had someone to turn to at that age, Shanoah was inspired to help this girl and others like her. Recognizing a need for a supportive space for young girls, Shanoah created Sista2Sista, a mentoring program for girls that aims to motivate young women through the development of self-esteem, self-discipline, positive thinking and exercising their right to make correct choices. Their objective is for each girl to learn and develop leadership skills, social skills, effective communication skills and social development. Shanoah sees the girls every day and holds meetings with them twice a week, where they learn life skills, engage in artistic projects and listen to inspirational guest speakers. For more information on Sista2Sista, check out their here.
Kyle Weiss.
Kyle Weiss of Danville, Calif., isn't your average teenager. A motivated and energetic individual from a family of self-proclaimed soccer freaks, Kyle learned the great benefit of sports from a young age. Kyle's activism was sparked after speaking to Angolan fans at the 2006 World Cup in Germany. He learned of the dire state of Angola and how so few people can even afford to leave the country, let alone attend a professional match. He also learned that to the youth of Africa, soccer means everything, but lacking resources, most have to kick a makeshift ball of garbage bags around a dusty lot. Upon returning from Germany, Kyle decided to take action. He gathered his friends to figure out how they could make a difference. They considered collecting soccer equipment to send overseas to Africa, but realized what the children needed first were soccer fields. And so, FUNDaFIELD was born.FUNDaFIELD has raised $140,000 so far, funding nine soccer fields in Africa. Today, there are 30 core members and 200 plus members in various FUNDaFIELD chapters around the country. Some of these members focus on fundraising, some on outreach and some on research into the extensive possibilities of sport development in Africa and other developing nations where the fields keep children in school and provide a respite from realities marred by oppression, violence and HIV/AIDS.Kyle and his team continue to fundraise and are working to grow their organization to build fields around the world. To learn more about FUNDaFIELD, click here.
Adele Taylor.
Adele Taylor has loved books her whole life and realized at a young age that many people take the gift of literacy for granted while others don't have access to reading at all. In an effort to increase awareness and promote literacy in people of all ages, Adele created Adele's Literacy Library in December 2008.Through her organization, Adele collects thousands of books and bookmarks to donate to schools, libraries and other non-profits in need. As part of her program, she also leads "Storytelling with Adele" where she reads to people and explains the importance of literacy and the advantages of reading. In addition, Adele started "Read All You Can" - a competition between students to see who can read the most books in a month. Last year, more than 2,000 kids participated and a total of 18,271 books were read in a month! For more information on Adele's Literacy Library, click here .
2010 Honorees.
Herold Charles.
A 6'6", playful, music-loving high school senior, Herold grew up in Jacmel, Haiti, about 25 miles from Port-au-Prince. Five years ago, he came to Miami to escape the political and social turmoil of Haiti and have better educational opportunities. Herold's mother and five siblings stayed behind, but they stayed in constant touch through calls and texts—Herold can talk a mile a minute.
On January 12, 2010, a 7.0 earthquake devastated Haiti, killing an estimated 200,000 people and leaving over a million homeless. Herold spent the day furiously trying to reach his family, to no avail. Finally at 11 that night, he reached his brother-in-law who told him, "The country is gone. There is no more Haiti." It wasn't until the next day—24 hours after he learned of the disaster—that Herold's mother finally reached him at school and told him his family was alive but his home was gone. 
The 24 hours during which Herold didn't know the whereabouts or safety of his family were life-altering. He realized that his ability to consistently reach his brother-in-law could be of critical importance to other families searching for loved ones in Haiti. Using Twitter, Herold helped 25 families locate their loved ones—though it was not always good news. Then he began using his Twitter account to help guide relief organizations to the exact locations of people still trapped under debris, texting for help.
Since then, Herold has organized food drives at school, and relentlessly makes himself useful to aid organizations like The Human Initiative, Help Haiti Heal, and Help Chile Heal—helping not just Haiti, but anyone faced with a natural disaster. But he's concerned that as media coverage fades, Haiti will be forgotten. "In January, the whole world was helping Haiti but now they're trailing off. We are in it for the long run." His HALO match was Wyclef Jean, founder of the Yéle Haiti Foundation.
Jordan Somer.
"A charismatic honors student, life-long dancer, and pageant queen, Jordan entered her first pageant when she was nine. Since then she's won a variety of titles, including 2nd place in the teen division of Miss America. But it was after she won a juniors pageant when she was 13 that she decided she could do a lot more with her crown than attend parades.
As a regular volunteer with Special Olympics, Jordan knew how much pride the participants take in receiving their awards – whether it's 8th place or 1st. And having learned so much about public speaking, poise, confidence, and leadership through her pageant experiences, Jordan knew that she could help give girls with disabilities those same opportunities and that same pride of accomplishment.
So in 2007, at the age of 13, Jordan created Miss Amazing, a pageant for young women with physical and mental disabilities. Participants don't just get to wear their prettiest outfit on stage and practice public speaking and performing; they enjoy a full day of activities – all organized by Jordan. Since 2007, Miss Amazing has doubled in size to 30 participants, and Jordan is still busy every year personally securing sponsorships and donations, recruiting participants and judges, coordinating volunteers, and even producing the event itself (lights, sound, etc.). Throughout the year she's in touch with participants, helping them work on their interview or pick a gown for the event – all while competing on her school's dance team and her studio's troupe, dancing 15 hours a week.
Jordan is currently working on establishing a non-profit organization for Miss Amazing, in the hopes of going national." She was matched with Rosario Dawson, who's as a board member of V-Day, a global activist movement to stop violence against women and girls.
Joshua Hall.
"Born and raised in Brooklyn and the youngest of four kids, Joshua loves music, basketball, and The Fresh Prince. As part of a close-knit family that has always emphasized the value of education, hard work, and community service, Joshua has spent holidays volunteering with his family from a very young age – working at food pantries or visiting the sick. He's a firm believer that, in his words, "If there's a need, you have to help meet it."
Already actively involved with his parents' organization, Clothed with Love—among other things, they distribute backpacks filled with school supplies to neighborhood children who need them—Joshua learned of another organization his freshman year in high school: Journey for Change . After being accepted to the program, Joshua traveled with the group to South Africa in August 2008, assisting residents of the country's shantytowns with their basic needs of food, water, and clothing.
The following year, Joshua learned of the epidemic of human trafficking—and child slavery—in Ghana. Upon hearing that Ghanaian children as young as three were being sold into slavery by their desperate parents—thereby depriving them of a childhood, an education, basic needs, and self-worth—Joshua applied and was accepted to be one of five young people to travel to Ghana with Journey for Change. In Ghana, he became close friends with a former child slave named Donald. While it was hard to hear about what Donald had endured, it increased Joshua's resolve to raise awareness about child slavery.
During the trip, Joshua represented his group to the US Ambassador to Ghana. And since his return, he's continued his advocacy, making presentations at universities and the United Nations, all in the hopes of educating the public that slavery is not yet over." His HALO match was Ashton Kutcher, founder of the DNA Foundation.
Lauren Huichan.
"Growing up in an abusive household was terrifying and traumatic for Lauren. But when she was removed from her home at the age of 12, life didn't get magically better. Adrift in a broken foster care system without any real support, Lauren began acting out—blowing off school, hanging out with the wrong crowd, and getting kicked out of group home after group home. She went through 22 housing placements in two years.
Facing the reality that she had run out of options, Lauren encountered a group called Adelante Youth Advocates of New Mexico. For the first time, she found herself surrounded by foster youths who had a positive outlook on the future. 
In the ensuing years, Lauren has gone from being a recipient of Adelante's help to becoming a vital member of the organization; she's now entering her second term as President. With her own life successfully turned around—she graduated high school, got her own apartment, and has begun a degree in psychology at the University of New Mexico—Lauren has dedicated herself to making sure other foster youth won't have to struggle the way she did.
A magnetic personality now working to change the system from within, Lauren is a powerful voice for all foster youth. Educating and collaborating with judges, attorneys, social workers, legislators, and foster parents, she helps them understand the experiences with injustice, emotional abuse, and labeling that are common to the children and teens in their care. Her days are busy not just with a full course load, but with conference calls and meetings, planning committees, and volunteer coordination.
With her giving heart and ability to connect to other young people, Lauren also works with youth still in the system. Not only is she a facilitator in a program at a grief center called Gerard's House, helping others cope with the constant sense of loss associated with being in foster care, but she's also as a direct mentor to two teens struggling in the system. She tirelessly serves as a role model and inspiration to other foster youth, letting them know that the positive potential for their futures is real and realizable She was paired with Mariah Carey, who works with the Fresh Air Fund, which helps disadvantaged urban youth.
2009 Honorees.
Leah Stoltz.
"Leah Stoltz was in 6th grade when she was told by her doctor that she was developing a serious lateral curve in her spine, a condition called scoliosis (which affects about 1 in 40 young people, mostly girls). She was instructed to wear a full torso, hard plastic brace for hours a day in hopes of correcting the spinal curve. While rarely life-threatening, scoliosis cruelly becomes evident in early adolescence, a time when girls feel most self-conscious about their changing bodies. Feeling alone and deeply frustrated by her body's betrayal, she told her mom she wanted to start her own support group and at 13 founded Curvy Girls of Long Island. Despite enduring the brace for two and a half years, she required major spine surgery causing her to forgo her favorite activities for one year. Leah has become a spokesperson for the National Scoliosis Foundation and Curvy Girls have been instrumental in the success of fund-raising by the local chapter of the Scoliosis Association. Through Curvy Girls, Leah has been able to support and educate other young girls and their parents about living with scoliosis and to instill in them a positive self-image and esteem despite the effects of the condition. It is Leah's hope to help more girls start Curvy Girls groups across the country so that "other girls don't have to feel alone." Her HALO match was singer Justin Timberlake.
Darrius Snow.
"Darrius was born in the projects of Atlanta. He is one of five kids – each with a different father – and was abandoned by his drug-addicted mother when he was two years old. After being taken in by an older cousin, Darrius and his siblings moved to the Bankhead Courts projects, one of the most dangerous communities in Atlanta. Darrius is the first in his family to graduate high school and is currently in College. He was the President of BTEAM (Bankhead Teens Encouraging Action by Motivating others), a group of teens organized to transform their neighborhood from a drug and crime-infested one, to a positive environment where young people can be active and grow towards a brighter future. Darrius is also active with Essential 2 Life, an organization that provides educational and mentoring opportunities in hopes of seeing "a generation of urban youth move beyond poverty to discover a direction in their lives." He got a chance to meet basketball genius LeBron James.
Megan Kilroy.
"Growing up in southern California with a father who is a part-time lifeguard, she's a genuine ocean lover who has found her passion in marine advocacy and is on a self-declared mission to share that with others. During her high school marine biology class, she was introduced to an organization called Team Marine, an environmental organization dedicated to making the Southern California waters safe and clean through research, education and community action. As the first appointed Team Marine captain, Megan has great plans for the group including recycling plastic to raise money to send Life Straws to Africa, organizing beach cleanups, continuing the fight to ban plastic bags in Santa Monica (through marches, distribution of reusable bags and testifying at city hall), and perhaps most importantly, continuing to educate the community as to how they can change their behaviors and help protect the ocean. Megan multiplies her efforts to protect her local coastline as an active member of her school's Heal the Bay and the West L.A. Malibu chapter of the Surfrider Foundation." The celeb that shared Megan's passion was Hayden Panettiere.
Brryan Jackson.
"Brryan has been living with AIDS since the age of five. When Brryan was just 11 months old, his father, in the midst of separating from his mother, intentionally injected Brryan with HIV tainted blood in an attempt to avoid paying future child support. He was eventually convicted of first-degree assault and received the maximum sentence—life in prison. Brryan has had an incredibly difficult childhood and adolescence—schools were reluctant to admit him, ignorant kids called him names and he constantly got into fights, eventually transferring schools to avoid being beaten up. Now Brryan volunteers as a staff member at Camp Kindle, a camp for young people infected with and affected by HIV/AIDS that he formerly attended as a camper. He is also an active participant in Speak Out, Project Kindle's peer-to-peer speakers' bureau, regularly giving talks in schools around the country to educate students about what it's like to live with HIV/AIDS in hopes of combating social stigmas and improving the lives of those living with AIDS. On his 18th birthday, Brryan founded his own organization—Hope Is Vital (HIV) – to raise awareness, understanding and compassion for people infected with and suffering from HIV/AIDS. Alicia Keys was the lucky celebrity who got to meet Brryan.
Premiere.
There is a special screening premiere of the HALO awards that is held a few days before the national premiere. It is an invitation only event. All the honorees are flown to the chosen city and get to meet each other for the first time. Among the attendees include the honorees families and close friends. Many celebrities have also attended. Among the celebrities that attended the previous screenings include Brad Kavanagh, Jerry Trainor, Nathalia Ramos, Jade Ramsey, Matt Shively, Mary J. Blige, Heidi Klum, Jason Derulo, Serena Williams and many more.
For the past three years, the premiere has been held in New York city, Los Angeles and in Washington DC. 
For the 3rd Annual HALO awards, in October 2011, Nickelodeon announced that the HALO Awards would air on Nick at Nite on November 6, 2011. It was filmed a few days earlier at the Hollywood Palledium.

</doc>
<doc id="30946392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946392" title="Cottage Grove Sentinel">
Cottage Grove Sentinel

The Cottage Grove Sentinel is a weekly newspaper serving the city of Cottage Grove, Oregon, United States. It was established in 1889 and is owned by News Media Corporation. News Media bought the "Sentinel" from Lee Enterprises in 2006. Lee had owned the paper since 1997. The "Sentinel" is published on Wednesdays and has a circulation of 3,331.
Early history.
The "Sentinel" bought the competing "Cottage Grove Leader" in 1918. The "Leader" had previously combined with the "Bohemia Nugget", which ran from 1889 to 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="30946399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946399" title="Displacement (linguistics)">
Displacement (linguistics)

In linguistics, displacement is the capability of language to communicate about things that are not immediately present (spatially or temporally); i.e., things that are either not here or are not here now.
In 1960, Charles F. Hockett proposed displacement as one of 13 design features of language that distinguish human language from animal communication systems (ACSs):
Displacement in animal communication systems.
Honeybees use the waggle dance to communicate the location of a patch of flowers suitable for foraging. The degree of displacement in this example remains limited when compared to human language. A bee can only communicate the location of the most recent food source it has visited. It cannot communicate an idea about a food source at a specific point in the past, nor can it speculate about food sources in the future. In addition, displacement in the waggle dance is restricted by the language's lack of creativity and productivity. The bees can express direction and distance, but it has been experimentally determined that they lack a sign for "above". It is also doubtful that bees can communicate about non-existent nectar for the purpose of deception. Consequently, in honeybee communication, the potential for displacement is limited, but it is there insofar as they have the ability to communicate about something not currently present (i.e., something that is spatially removed).
Ants have been observed sending out scouts to patrol for food items, and coming back for other workers if the food found is too large to bring to the nest by the finder alone, for example a dead caterpillar that is too heavy. This again would involve displacement by communicating outside of the here and now. Recruitment has also been observed by the African Weaver Ant "Oecophylla longinoda" for the purpose of communicating new food sources, emigration to new sites, and for defense against intruders. Researchers have described no less than five distinct systems to fulfill these functions in this species. The ants communicate using a system composed of olfactory or scent clues from several glands together with body movements. The animals will use antennation, body jerking, and/or mouth-opening, and will combine these clues with the application of the scent trails or scent release to pass on information regarding resources or intruders.
Ravens ("Corvus corax") have been observed to recruit other ravens to large feeding sites, such as to the carcass of an animal. However, at first glance their motivation for recruiting is less obvious, and the specifics of their communication system are more elusive. Still, it has been documented that ravens must have such a system, as their patterns of gathering at sites clearly indicate that they must have been informed of the presence of the resource. It is believed that non-mated ravens call in a group of other non-mated birds to be able to feed and not get chased away by mated territorial pairs of established ravens.
Importance of displacement in evolution of language.
The need to convey information using displacement has been suspected to have been the evolutionary pressure leading to language development in humans, as outlined by Derek Bickerton in "Adam's Tongue". The pressure of such need is present in species with a foraging strategy that presents the challenge of directing members of its group to a food source too large to be utilized singly or in small numbers, requiring recruitment of assistance.
The unique environmental need selecting for a communication system capable for displacement in humans or our direct ancestors is not identified, but hypotheses include Bickerton's theory of small groups finding large herbivore carcasses, and needing the assistance from other small groups of humans to defend against other dangerous scavengers (large cats, hyeanas) competing for the same source of food. Language development most certainly did not stop there—since otherwise bees or ants would have comparable communication systems to ours—but this is where it likely began, giving our ancestors the ability to take communication out of the here and now.

</doc>
<doc id="30946410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946410" title="Breutelia">
Breutelia

Breutelia is a genus of moss in the family Bartramiaceae. It has a worldwide distribution and contains about 200 species. Its name honours botanist Johann Christian Breutel (1788–1875). The type species is "Breutelia arcuata".

</doc>
<doc id="30946416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946416" title="Mariam Nazarian">
Mariam Nazarian

Mariam Nazarian (a.k.a. Marie Nazar) is a concert pianist and producer; she is a graduate of the Mannes College of Music and Harvard University. Nazarian has performed at Carnegie Hall (New York), Symphony Hall (Boston), and the Grand Philharmonic Hall (St. Petersburg, Russia). She has recorded a commercially released CD of J.S. Bach's Goldberg Variations.

</doc>
<doc id="30946426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946426" title="2010 FINA Diving World Cup – Women's 10 m platform">
2010 FINA Diving World Cup – Women's 10 m platform

The competition of the women's 10 metre platform was held on June 3, the second day of the 2010 FINA Diving World Cup.
Results.
"Green denotes finalists"
LEGEND
WDR = Withdrew

</doc>
<doc id="30946437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946437" title="Lázaro Cárdenas (disambiguation)">
Lázaro Cárdenas (disambiguation)

Lázaro Cárdenas was President of Mexico from 1934 to 1940.
Lázaro Cárdenas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30946442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946442" title="Edwin Brown">
Edwin Brown

Edwin Stanley "Nigger" Brown (1898–1972) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1910s and 20s. A Queensland state and Australian international representative centre, he played club football in Toowoomba for Newtown.
Brown, an Anglo-Australian who was nicknamed "Nigger" because of his fair complexion (or perhaps because of his use of the "Nigger Brown" variety of Kiwi shoe polish), became Toowoomba's first rugby league international when he was selected to go on the 1921–22 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain, during which he played four matches.
Brown forged a world-class centre combination with Tom Gorman in the famous Toowoomba sides of the 1920s, and in 1925 injured his ankle playing in their win over the New Zealand national side before a crowd of around 5,000 in Toowoomba.
Brown later served as a judge for "The Sunday Herald"'s player of the season award. He was also president of the Toowoomba Rugby League during the eary 1950s and became a local councillor in Toowoomba. He was Kangaroo Tour manager in 1954.
In the 1960s a grandstand in Toowoomba's main football stadium, the Toowoomba Sports Ground, was named the 'E S "Nigger" Brown Stand' in his honour. Brown died in 1972 aged 74.
The 'E S "Nigger" Brown Stand' later became the subject of a book, "", by Stephen Hagan who campaigned for its removal. When the stand was demolished in September 2008, the Toowoomba Sports Ground Inc decided not to use the "Nigger" nickname in future references to Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="30946471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946471" title="Hector Balderas">
Hector Balderas

Hector H. Balderas Jr. (born August 16, 1973) is an American attorney and politician who is currently serving as the State Auditor of New Mexico. Balderas became the youngest statewide Hispanic elected official in the nation in 2006 when he won his first race for State Auditor at the age of 33. Before being elected to the office of State Auditor, Balderas served as a State Representative in the New Mexico Legislature from 2004 to 2006. Balderas also serves as the elected Treasurer of the National Association of Latino Elected Officials.
On April 21, 2011, Hector Balderas filed the necessary paperwork to run for the U.S. Senate seat left open by retiring Democrat Jeff Bingaman in the 2012 Democratic U.S. Senate Primary in New Mexico.
Early life, education and career.
Balderas was raised in Wagon Mound, New Mexico, a village in Mora County, New Mexico. He is the son of a Mexican father and was raised by his single mother in Wagon Mound. Balderas attended Wagon Mound High School and participated in TRIO Upward Bound, a federally funded college prep program. Hector graduated from Wagon Mound High school with 16 other students.
Balderas attended New Mexico Highlands University where he served on the student senate. Balderas grew up in public housing but became the first person in his family and from Wagon Mound to receive a Juris Doctor (JD), graduating in 2001 from the University of New Mexico School of Law. While in law school, Balderas served as the Council Chair of the Graduate and Professional Student Association.
After law school, he served from 2002 to 2003 as an Assistant District Attorney for Bernalillo County prosecuting DUI and domestic violence offenders. Between 2005 and 2006, Balderas was a special prosecutor for domestic violence cases in the 4th Judicial District of New Mexico.
Political career.
State Representative.
At the age of 29, and with no prior political experience, Balderas ran for a seat in the New Mexico House of Representatives. He beat the odds when he defeated a Democratic incumbent in the primary by a two-to-one margin and then beat a Republican in the general election.
In his first term as a State Representative from District 68, Balderas passed sweeping legislation to strengthen penalties for sexual predators, establish investment incentives for clean energy and fund virtual education for rural public schools. Balderas also sponsored “truthful interrogations” legislation which gained national recognition as one of the most significant reforms to the criminal justice system. Balderas was nationally recognized alongside then State Senator Barack Obama of Illinois for passing legislation that requires police to record their in-house interrogations with suspected killers. "Having the best evidence is in everyone's interest," Balderas said. "I think the average person sees it as common sense." In the same two-year period, Balderas led the effort to amend the New Mexico Criminal Code to reflect consistency and parity in sentencing. He also advocated for DUI reform and led the fight to protect consumers from price gouging in times of emergency or disaster.
In recognition of his legislative accomplishments, Balderas was named Rookie-Leader-of-the-Year by the Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce for his work on energy development and Outstanding Rookie by the League of Conservation Voters.
State Auditor.
During his first term, he was chosen by the Democratic Party of New Mexico to replace Jeff Armijo on the ballot for State Auditor and with a shorter period to campaign, won the election with nearly 55% of the vote. He was re-elected in 2010 and earned the second most number of votes for any of New Mexico’s Democratic statewide candidates.
As New Mexico’s State Auditor, Balderas provides regulatory oversight to over $60 billion in governmental assets and 603 government entities. As the state’s top government watchdog, Balderas has aggressively combated fraud and financial abuse throughout New Mexico. Additionally, he has expanded the size and scope of the State Auditor’s office by hiring criminal investigators, developing a fraud hotline and expanding training and outreach operations. Balderas also helped uncover embezzlement from the Jemez Mountain School District involving more than $3 million. A finance manager for the school system pleaded guilty to multiple felonies and then killed herself before she was sentenced.
Balderas has taken the Office of State Auditor from a position of obscurity to a well-known state entity through high profile investigations and constant media appearances. As a State Representative and State Auditor, Balderas has earned a reputation for being a champion of youth involvement in policy making, enacting common-sense laws for policy issues ranging from clean energy to police interrogation, and for coming down on members of both parties in investigations of fraud and waste.
U.S. Senate campaign.
Balderas was a candidate for the US Senate seat in 2012 held by retiring Democrat Jeff Bingaman. He announced his run for the United States Senate on April 26, 2011 by launching his website and announcing via .
Personal life.
Balderas and his wife Denise have three children, Hector III, Arianna and Mariola. Balderas is a special needs advocate and frequent participant in the New Mexico Special Olympics annual torch run; his daughter Arianna was born with down syndrome. He also has two siblings and is a practicing Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="30946479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946479" title="Steve Fitzpatrick">
Steve Fitzpatrick

Steven J. Fitzpatrick (born December 2, 1978) is a member of the Montana House of Representatives for the 20th district. He was elected in 2010.
Fitzpatrick was born and raised in Helena, Montana. He earned his bachelors degree in biology from Montana State University. He then went to law school at Arizona State University. He was a law clerk for Judge Thomas Honzel of the Montana First Judiciary District Court.
Fitzpatrick is a lawyer with the law firm of Smith, Walsh, Clark & Gregoire. Fitzpatrick and his wife Julia are the parents of two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="30946498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946498" title="Ottoman campaign against Hormuz">
Ottoman campaign against Hormuz

The Ottoman campaign against Hormuz took place in 1552-54. An Ottoman fleet led by Admiral Piri Reis and Seydi Ali Reis was dispatched from the Ottoman harbour of Suez to eliminate the Portuguese presence from the northwestern part of the Indian Ocean, and especially their fortress at Hormuz Island.
Preliminaries.
The Ottomans were able to take possession of Basra from Persia during the Ottoman–Safavid War (1532–1555). The Ottomans were then able to capture several key positions in the Persian Gulf. In 1550, they captured Qatīf.
In the 1552-54 expedition, the Ottoman force consisted in 4 galleons, 25 galleys, and 850 troops, dispatched from the Ottoman harbour of Suez.
Sieges of Muscat and Hormuz.
The fleet managed to chase the Portuguese from Muscat, modern Oman, in August 1552 in the Capture of Muscat. Soon however the Ottomans departed. However, they were unsuccessful in the Siege of Hormuz in September 1552.
Ultimately, the fleet managed to occupy and control the coasts of Yemen, Aden and Arabia, as far north as Basra, so as to facilitate their trade with India. The fleet went up to Basra, then an Ottoman harbour. They were able to capture Bahrain in 1554.
Meanwhile, during the year 1553, Seydi Ali Reis was leading an expedition against the Portuguese into the India Ocean, but he was unsuccessful.
Seydi Ali Reis and his galleys would be taken in an ambush by Portuguese forces while he was trying to bring back his fleet from Basra to Suez in August 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="30946513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946513" title="Az-Zahraa Islamic Academy">
Az-Zahraa Islamic Academy

Az-Zahraa Islamic Academy (informally referred to as AZIA) is an independent Pre-school through Grade 7 school in Richmond, BC.
About the Academy.
AZIA, an outreach program of the Shia Muslim Community of BC, is part of the Az-Zahraa Islamic Centre located at 8580 #5 Road. The Academy is open to students of all denominations and religious backgrounds.
Montessori Pre-School.
Az-Zahraa Islamic Academy Montessori Program is licensed to care for up to twenty-four children between the ages of 30 months and 5 years old. In addition to learning and playing through the Montessori philosophy, students receive Quranic Studies instruction. Children eligible for Kindergarten who have completed one or two years of Montessori may register for a hybrid program of Montessori combined with regular elementary Kindergarten instruction.
Elementary School.
Az-Zahraa Islamic Academy is a registered Independent School under the auspices of the Office of Independent Schools BC Ministry of Education. It is classified as a Group 1 school under British Columbia's Independent School Act. It receives 50% of the funding designated per student in the Richmond District #38 from the Ministry of Education. The school receives no funding for capital costs.
AZIA adheres to all regulations established in the Independent School Act.
Interfaith Outreach.
Az-Zahraa Islamic Centre which houses the Academy is one of nearly twenty temples, mosques, and churches representing a multitude of different religious faiths, along Richmond's #5 Road, otherwise known as the "Highway to Heaven". It was one of the finalists in the 2007 Seven Wonders of Canada contest organized by the CBC's The National and Sounds Like Canada CBC Radio program as a representation of multiculturalism.
The Academy has been featured in the Richmond Review newspaper for its cooperation with the Richmond Jewish Day School. A series of friendly basketball games has led to a mutually supportive relationship between the schools.
AZIA hosted the first multi-faith Junior Police Academy in BC run by the RCMP National Security Division. During the training students of from Muslim, Christian, Jewish and Sikh schools come together to learn what it takes to be a Mountie.
In 2010, in addition to student and alumni individual winners, the Academy won the overall trophy at the Inter-Faith for World Peace Youth Symposium.
Environmental Education.
The campus lies within the Agricultural Land Reserve. As part of the program of study, the students learn environmental stewardship.
The intermediate students build and install mason bee homes in the Centre's orchard. The students maintain and document the bee population throughout the year.
The primary students raise salmon for release as part of the Salmonids in the Classroom project. A grant from TD Canada Friends of the Environment Foundation enabled the Academy to purchase a customized refrigeration unit for critical temperature stability to ensure maximum success rate.

</doc>
<doc id="30946514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946514" title="John Mitzewich">
John Mitzewich


</doc>
<doc id="30946520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946520" title="List of major power stations in Qinghai province">
List of major power stations in Qinghai province

This page lists the major power stations located in Qinghai province.

</doc>
<doc id="30946526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946526" title="Elmisaurinae">
Elmisaurinae

Elmisaurinae is a subfamily of bird-like Oviraptorosaurs either in Caenagnathidae or Oviraptoridae. Being more derived than groups like Caudipteridae, Elmisaurines are quite primitive compared to Oviraptorinae, a group of possibly closely related dinosaurs. 

</doc>
<doc id="30946540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946540" title="Polk County Itemizer-Observer">
Polk County Itemizer-Observer

The Polk County Itemizer-Observer is a weekly newspaper published in Dallas, Oregon, United States, and covering Dallas, Monmouth, Independence, Falls City and the surrounding area. It was established in 1875 and is owned by Eagle Newspapers. The "Itemizer-Observer" is published on Wednesdays and its circulation is 4,988. It is the newspaper of record for Polk County.

</doc>
<doc id="30946565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946565" title="Sam File">
Sam File

Samuel Lawrence File (May 18, 1922 – September 25, 2008) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="30946587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946587" title="Agora (web browser)">
Agora (web browser)

Agora was a World Wide Web email browser and was a proof of concept to help people to use the full internet. Agora was an email-based web browser designed for non-graphic terminals and to help people without full access to the internet such as in developing countries or without a permanent internet connection. Similar to W3Gate, Agora was a server application designed to fetch HTML documents through e-mail rather than http.
Functionality.
Agora was not a client application. To access the Internet you had to install the Agora browser on a server and send Agora an email with the requested URL. The Agora application would send an email back with the requested content of the link. The email which was sent by the server, contained the HTML source code so that a normal web browser was able to display the page as it should be or in a "lynx-style". Different options made browsing easier.
The servers could be configured differently so that some servers sent emails back containing only JavaScript, because the content was deeper on the page. Agora was praised for handling frames correctly, although other similar applications were able to handle this by serving the source code and rerequest the used frame.
Features.
Although Agora was based on email communication it was able to search by different search engines: Archie, MetaCrawler, Lycos, Yahoo!, WAIS Search in Oxford Univ, Hyper RFC, WebCrawler, Veronica Search, AltaVista and Google.
Agora limits the number of requests processed in each message to 10 to prevent the service from being attacked by with messages containing excessive commands that could cause a DDOS attack.
Supported protocols.
The Agora server is based on the Line Mode Browser and on the libwww and thus it supported different kinds of internet protocols besides the classical http and gopher browsing, namely NNTP, Archie, Finger, WAIS.
Although Agora was able to handle many protocols, the interactive telnet protocol was an exception.
Version history.
From Agora 0.7d it was possible to search some searchable sites by adding the search terms separated by spaces after the URL, but this would not work with forms.
Since Agora version 0.8e it was possible to split the requested URLs into two or more lines. Data compression with uuencoded by gzip or zip was also integrated.
Agora version 0.8f determined frames and linked pictures goto and the answer mail get help in these cases.
Limitations.
One limitation of Agora was that it had an integrated limit for the output mail of about 10000 lines (originally 5000) primarily to protect users and the network from excessive bandwidth/resource usage. With this limitation, uuencoded files would not exceed 1 megabyte because some operating systems and email clients had problems with files larger than 1MB. Uuencoded files used too much bandwidth and so data compression was integrated.
Since most websites contained links to inline images or binary files such as archives/executables Agora had to uuencode these files prior to sending them.
Usenet support was read only because the server was anonymous.
Further development.
In version 0.9 users were able to fill in forms. This version was never developed.
The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) servers were shut down because of the heavy load. Secret created the software to set up as a local strategy, but that did not work at that time. The consequences were that the W3C servers got too many requests and they had to shut down their Agora implementation.
System requirements.
To run Agora on a server, the server had to have Perl installed. The libwww binaries "www_*.*.Z" had to be in the same directory.
Criticism.
Agora ignored completely the different kinds of applets which were popular at that time: Tcl, Tk, Java and Python.
Agora could not handle HTML tables properly.
The Usenet support was incomplete and created problems in translating the answer in formatted text; also, some newsgroups caused a crash.
It could not handle Chinese, Japanese, Korean web pages.

</doc>
<doc id="30946598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946598" title="Phil Newland">
Phil Newland

Philip Mesmer "Phil" Newland (2 February 1875 – 11 August 1916) was an Australian sportsman who excelled at Australian rules football, cricket and lacrosse. He played Sheffield Shield cricket for South Australia as a wicket-keeper and toured England with the Australian Test team in 1905. 
He was a member of the noted Newland family of South Australia. His father was author Simpson Newland and he was the brother of surgeon Henry Simpson Newland and politician Victor Marra Newland.
Newland made his first-class and Sheffield Shield debut in 1899/00 but had to wait over two years to make his second appearance. He took part in every Shield campaign from 1902/03 to 1905/06 and usually batted in the lower order. His highest score of 77 was made on the Adelaide Oval, in a 106 run ninth wicket partnership with spinner Robert Rees.
Up until 1904, when he retired from lacrosse, Newland represented South Australia in the sport and was earlier a leading player for Adelaide University. He was also an Australian rules footballer, playing with the Norwood Football Club in the South Australian Football Association. Newland captained Norwood's 1904 premiership team, which had come back from 35 points at the last change to win.
Newland toured England in 1905 as a reserve wicket-keeper and understudy to Jim Kelly. While in the United Kingdom he played in 10 first-class matches with the Australian team, but could only score 67 runs at 9.57 and effect 13 dismissals. His disappointing performances may have been as a result of an eye injury he received during the trip over, which was bad enough that he had to see an oculist in London. He had earlier, in 1904/05, toured New Zealand and played two matches against the national team. At that stage, New Zealand weren't a Test playing country so the matches had only first-class status.

</doc>
<doc id="30946619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946619" title="Harrison Lake (Flathead County, Montana)">
Harrison Lake (Flathead County, Montana)

Harrison Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Harrison Lake is long. Near the eastern end of the lake is the Harrison Lake Patrol Cabin, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30946636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946636" title="Ichinomiya Domain">
Ichinomiya Domain

In the han system, Ichinomiya was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
Ichinomiya Castle was a mountain-top fortification built by the Satomi clan, rulers of most of the Bōsō Peninsula during the Sengoku period as protection for their northern holdings in eastern Kazusa Province . Following the Battle of Odawara in 1590, the Kantō region was assigned to Tokugawa Ieyasu by the warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi, who also restricted the Satomi to Awa Province for their lukewarm support of his campaigns against the Late Hōjō clan. Tokugawa Ieyasu appointed Honda Tadakatsu, one of his hereditary retainers, to be "daimyō" of the new 100,000 "koku" Otaki Domain, and the old fortifications at Ichinomiya were abandoned.
Otaki Domain was subsequently reduced in size, with large portions becoming "tenryō" territory directly under the control of the Tokugawa shogunate or assigned as exclaves of other domains. Ichinomiya became an exclave of Hatsuta Domain of Kii Province, ruled by the Kanō clan.
In 1826, Kanō Hisatomo, the 5th "daimyō" of Hatsuta Domain, decided to relocate the seat of the clan from Kii Province to Ichinomiya in Kazusa Province, where his family continued to rule until the Meiji Restoration. The final "daimyō" of Ichinomiya Domain, Kanō Hisayoshi, was a strong supporter of "rangaku," and imported western weapons to modernize his forces. However, he was stopped at Shimoda on his way to assist the Satchō Alliance forces at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi during the Boshin War and arrived too late for the battle. Under the new Meiji government he was appointed domain governor, until the abolition of the han system in July 1871 and subsequently became a viscount under the "kazoku" peerage. Ichinomiya Domain became “Ichinomiya Prefecture”, which merged with the short lived “Kisarazu Prefecture” in November 1871, which later became part of Chiba Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="30946681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946681" title="The Facebook Effect">
The Facebook Effect

The Facebook Effect is a book by David Kirkpatrick and published by Simon and Schuster. It describes the history of Facebook and its social implications.
The book was shortlisted for the 2010 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award.

</doc>
<doc id="30946713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946713" title="Argo (web browser)">
Argo (web browser)

Argo was part of a project to make the Internet accessible to scholars in the Humanities at the University of Groningen. The Argo web browser was created in August 1994 by Bert Bos.
There currently is no publicly available compiled version, although the source code still exists.
History.
The Argo browser was able to handle its own style sheet language called Stream-based Style Sheet Proposal (SSP) rendered mostly by Xlib/Xrm. SSP was general enough to be able to applied to other markup languages in addition to HTML. In the development process of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) Bos was one of the first people who decided to join Håkon Wium Lie. Although this early adoption SSP had other advanced features that could not be integrated in CSS1 and had to wait for CSS2. Arena and Argo were presented as a testbed at the World Wide Web Conference 3 on 10–14 April 1995 in Darmstadt
Functionality.
Argo based on the W3A, an API for "WWW browser applets". The browser featured plug-in modules, or "applets", which allowed for the addition of new functionality without recompilation. Examples of such functionality provided by the applets includes adding support for the following:
The browser's kernel depended on the modules to provide such functionality.
Technical.
The browser was run on HP-UX and used dynamic loading to support its applets.

</doc>
<doc id="30946717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946717" title="Parliamentary Council">
Parliamentary Council

The Parliamentary Council is a constitutional authority in Sri Lanka established under the 18th Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka. Formally being constituted on January 1, 2011 as per the 18th Amendment, it replaces the Constitutional Council that was established under the 17th Amendment. 
Powers and tasks.
Compared to the ten member Constitutional Council, which made approval of names of nominees to the independent committees/commissions mandatory; the Parliamentary Council has powers only to recommend persons to the independent committees. The sole authority of appointing members of the independent committees is vested with the President of Sri Lanka and while he is needed to seek the observations of the council, its decisions are not binding.
Commissions.
The Council recommends members to several independent committees/commissions. These are;
Membership.
The membership of the Parliamentary Council is made up of five members, of whom three are "ex officio" members and two would be nominated to ensure ethnic representation. The Prime Minister, the Opposition Leader and the Speaker are compulsory members of the committee. The Prime Minister and the Opposition Leader can nominate one person each to the committee from the communities to which the compulsory members do not belong.
Location.
The Council sits at the Sri Lankan Parliament Building in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.

</doc>
<doc id="30946752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946752" title="Mark Ouimet (politician)">
Mark Ouimet (politician)

Mark Ouimet is a Republican politician and served in the Michigan House of Representatives from the 52nd district covering Washtenaw County, Michigan for one term.
Personal life and education.
Ouimet was born and raised in Washtenaw County, Michigan. He received a degree from the unaccredited Northwood Institute (since renamed Northwood University and became accredited), and received a bachelor's and master's degree from the unaccredited LaSalle University in Louisiana, a diploma mill closed by the FBI in July 1996. He later served as Chancellor and COO of Northwood University from 1991-2002.
He is married to Donna, and together they have two children named Mark and Courtney.
Political career.
Ouimet served as a member of the Ann Arbor city council from 1988-1992, and served on the Washtenaw County Board of Commissioners.
In 2010, he won election in the 52nd district against Christine Green; Ouimet had 21,462 votes (51.6 percent) to Green's 20,027 (48.1 percent). During his term, Ouimet was a member of the Accommodations Ordinance Commission, Emergency Medical Services Commission, Money Purchase Pension Plan, Retirement Commission, Workforce Development Board, and the Washtenaw Economic Development Council.
In 2011, he endorsed Mitt Romney for the 2012 United States presidential election.
In 2012, he faced Saline Mayor Gretchen Driskell, a Democrat, for reelection and lost. Driskell received 26,646 votes (52.9%), while Ouimet received 23,609 votes (46.8%).

</doc>
<doc id="30946754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946754" title="Hal Marnie">
Hal Marnie

Harry Sylvester "Hal" Marnie (July 6, 1918 – January 7, 2002) was an infielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="30946755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946755" title="Plain Kate (novel)">
Plain Kate (novel)

Plain Kate is a Fantasy novel by author Erin Bow, published in 2010 by Arthur A. Levine Books, an imprint of Scholastic. The story, which draws from Russian folktales, focuses on an orphan girl nicknamed Plain Kate who is blamed for witchcraft because of her ability to carve wood, and who must deal with a real witch and sell her shadow in order to stay alive.
Plot.
Katerina "Kate" Svetlana is an orphan who lived in the small eastern European market town of Samilae. She was called "Plain Kate" because of her plain looks. Her mother died in childbirth and her father, a master woodcarver, took care of her until he died of a mysterious river sickness. She is thought to be a witch by some of the other townspeople, because of her brown and blue eyes.
Kate is too young and too poor to join the woodcarving guild, and is forced to live out of her father's market stall, seeking out a living from her carvings. One day, a stranger comes to market. The stranger, Linay, offers Kate her heart's wish in exchange for her shadow. She initially refuses, but later agrees when rumours of witchcraft spread and she feels she must escape the town to survive. Linay provides her with basic necessities, and her wish to not be alone results in her pet cat Taggle gaining the power of speech.
Kate joins a group of Roamers, nomads who travel from town to town selling goods. She meets Drina, a girl with no mother but a living father who tells Kate about an uncle who went mad once Drina's mother was burned as a witch. A few days later, Kate reveals to Drina that a witch took her shadow and that Taggle actually talks. Since Drina's mother was actually a witch, and Drina shares some of that power, Drina decides to help Kate. Drina repeats the one rule of magic: that for something to be granted, something must be given in return, but the spell backfires. Drina apologizes but says that they can still get help from someone who knew her mother in the markets of Toila. 
Throughout their journey, a mysterious fog creeps up the river, bringing sickness to the towns it touches. The people of the countryside are more fearful than ever, ready to pounce on any mysterious stranger or Roamer with accusations of witchcraft. Kate and Drina barely escape from an angry mob in Toila, and the Roamers start to believe that Kate is more trouble than she is worth. Worse, the river sickness has started to affect the Roamers as well. Some Roamers accuse Kate of being responsible for their sickness. The discovery that Kate now has no shadow, and that Taggle can talk, decides Kate's fate. The Roamers lock her in an old bear cage, and prepare to burn her themselves. Kate manages to escape with Taggle, but is badly burnt. She runs to the river and dive in.
Kate wakes up in a small boat, and discovers that Linay has saved her from drowning in the water. Her hands are bandaged and she is in clean clothes, and Linay reveals that he did not want Kate to drown. This was how his sister died, while running from an angry mob, and it is this that has transformed her into a Rusalka, a vampiric water creature that has been causing the river sickness. Kate realizes that Linay is Drina's uncle, and that the Rusalka is actually Drina's mother, Lenore. Linay promises to return Kate's shadow to her when they reach Lov, a big city downriver, but he needs her to exact his plan for revenge. He reveals that he has taken Kate's shadow so he could augment the power of the Rusalka and destroy the city of Lov, where Lenore died. He is leading his sister down the river and keeping her under control by offering her his blood, but he has no more blood to give. He asks Kate to offer some of her own blood. In spite of Taggle's advice not to agree to Linay's deal, Kate reluctantly starts to feed her blood to Lenore, every night. Soon, she discovers that her shadow is held in a box made of her stall's ruins. 
After an attempt to free her shadow fails, Kate decides that she cannot allow Linay to destroy Lov, and she flees Linay's boat, trying to beat him to the stone city. On the way, she meets Drina in the red "vardo" with Behjet. Behjet has fallen into the "death" sleep. Drina says that the ghost has taken other Roamers as well. Together, the two arrive at Lov. There, they see Linay being captured by the city guards. He is calling for himself to be burned.
On the day of the burning, as Linay is to be burned at the stake, he calls Lenore, who comes. Combined with Kate's shadow, she begins to destroy Lov. Kate and Drina plead with Linay to stop, but he refuses. Taggle, remembering the rule of magic, gives back the gift of his speech by selflessly jumping onto Kate's knife, killing himself, and ending the Rusalka's attack on the city. The Rusalka transforms back into Lenore, in ghost form, who comforts the dying Linay, and her daughter Drina. Before she fades, crossing over completely into the afterlife, she grants Kate one last gift and uses her witchcraft to bring Taggle back to life, although without the ability to speak. She also gives Kate back her shadow. Those caught in the sleeping sickness, who are still alive, wake up at last.
Kate, Taggle and Drina leave Lov and find Behjet awake. Later, when it is almost dark, Plain Kate finds Linay's green boat. Inside, she finds the box which held her shadow. Inside there is a sack full of gold and silver, and a note on which Linay had written: Kate. I hope you live. Before the book ends, Plain Kate picks up Taggle and says: "I did. We both did. And we'll keep on living."
Critical Response.
"Plain Kate" was well received by many critics. The "New York Times" Sunday Book Review praised the book, saying, "The plot unfolds with the swiftness and dramatic urgency of an adventure tale, yet each event has a measured gravity. Ambiguity and complexity shade the characterizations and the story line.". The book was also nominated for, and won the English version of the 2011 TD Canadian Children's Literature Award as the year's best work in Canadian children's literature.

</doc>
<doc id="30946781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946781" title="Guo Feixiong">
Guo Feixiong

Guo Feixiong (; born 2 August 1966) is the pen name of Yang Maodong (杨茂东), a Chinese human rights lawyer from Guangdong province who is often identified with the Weiquan movement. Guo is known as a dissident writer and "barefoot lawyer", who has worked on several controversial issues to defend the rights of marginalized groups. Prior to his 2006 imprisonment, Guo worked as a legal advisor to the Shanghai Shengzhi Law Firm.
In 2005 and 2006, human rights groups reported that Guo was taken into custody and beaten on multiple occasions for his human rights advocacy, including his work on the Taishi village standoff. The beating of Guo Feixiong was reportedly one of the catalysts behind a rolling nationwide hunger strike organized by Guo's friend and associate Gao Zhisheng.
Guo was arrested on 30 September 2006 and detained on charges of "illegal business activity" connection with the publication of a book on a political scandal in Liaoning province, "Shenyang Political Earthquake". After being held in pre-trial detention for 17 months, he was sentenced to five years of imprisonment at the Meizhou Prison on 14 November 2007 in what was characterized as a "trial marked with serious procedural irregularities." In addition to his sentence, Guo was fined 40,000 yuan. Family members reported that Guo was tortured in custody, deprived of sleep, and shocked with electric batons.
Guo was released on 13 September 2011, and stated that he remained committed to the cause of human rights advocacy.
On 8 August 2013, Guo was again arrested on suspicion of "gathering a crowd to disrupt order in a public place". On 10 December 2013, the Tianhe District Branch of the Guangzhou Municipal Public Security Bureau recommended that Guo be indicted for the crime of "gathering a crowd to disrupt order in a public place", along with Sun Desheng, another activist.
On 29 October 2013, the United States House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights and International Organizations held a hearing on the circumstances surrounding China's detention of Guo Feixiong.

</doc>
<doc id="30946789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946789" title="Ida Hawley">
Ida Hawley

Ida Hawley (1876–1908) was a Canadian musical comedy actress and soprano singer.
Early life.
Ida Hawley was born on 26 April 1876 at Belleville, Ontario and later raised in Toronto, where she received her higher education at the Loretto Abbey Catholic Secondary School Little is known about Ida Hawley’s life, other than when not working in the US she maintained a residence at the Hotel Flanders in Toronto and that she left behind a legacy of work from a career that extended barely past a decade.
Career.
Her professional career began in 1897 as a stock actress with Augustine Daly's company, performing Shakespeare’s "The Tempest" in Philadelphia and later Boston. After a season of repertoire work Hawley left Daly to play Yvonne in Alexandre Dumas’ "Paul Jones" at the Schiller Theatre in Chicago, followed by a part in "A Runaway Girl" at the Chestnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia. The next season she worked on the musical comedy "Three Little Lambs" by R. A. Barnett and composer E. W. Corliss that premiered at New York’s Fifth Avenue Theatre on Christmas Day 1899. The following year she appeared in the musical extravaganza "A Million Dollars" by Louis Harrison and George Hobart, that opened to unfavourable reviews on 27 September 1900.
Hawley had better luck as Ruth in the successful run of "The Burgomaster", a musical comedy written by Gustav Luders and composed by Frank Pixley. The critics praised her performance as Princess Soo-Soo in "A Chinese Honeymoon" by George Dance (dramatist) and composer Howard Talbot. A few months later she assumed the role of Edith in another Luders and Pixley musical comedy, "The Prince of Pilsen", during its long run at the Broadway Theatre.
Later in 1903 Hawley began working as an understudy for opera singer Fritzi Scheff on her national tour with the comic operettas "Babette", by Victor Herbert and Harry B. Smith and "Two Roses", based on Oliver Goldsmith’s "She Stoops to Conquer". In May 1904 Hawley stepped in to replace Schiff for the remainder of the season after a severe sore throat forced the actress to withdraw from the tour.
In August 1905 Ida Hawley played Polly Premier at the Broadway Theatre in "The Pearl and the Pumpkin", written by Paul West and composer John W. Bratton. In 1906 she toured in an off-Broadway production of "The Blue Moon" by Howard Talbot and Paul Rubens and the following year she played the lead role in Gustav Kerker and George Broadhurst’s "The Lady from Lane’s", a musical comedy that ran for 47 performances at the Casino Theatre.
Death.
Ida Hawley died on 9 December 1908 in New York City at Alston’s Sanitarium on West 61st Street from complications following an operation for appendicitis. Her remains were sent back to Toronto where her father still resided.

</doc>
<doc id="30946810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946810" title="2005 Copa Indonesia Final">
2005 Copa Indonesia Final

The Copa Indonesia 2005 Final was an football match which was played on 19 November 2005. It was the 1st final of the Piala Indonesia. The match was played at the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Sidoarjo and was contested by Persija Jakarta of Jakarta and Arema Malang from East Java. For Arema and Persija was a debutant of the final stage.
The winners entered the group stage of the 2006 AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="30946841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946841" title="Lincoln Lake (Flathead County, Montana)">
Lincoln Lake (Flathead County, Montana)

Lincoln Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Lincoln Lake is downstream from Lake Ellen Wilson but sits more than lower in elevation. A series of cascades including Beaver Chief Falls can be found between the two lakes.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30946883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946883" title="Jack Kraus">
Jack Kraus

John William Kraus (April 26, 1918 – January 2, 1976) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies and New York Giants. In 1944 Kraus served in the military during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="30946890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946890" title="Breutelia pendula">
Breutelia pendula

Breutelia pendula is a species of moss. It occurs in Australia and New Zealand, including the subantarctic islands of Macquarie, Campbell, the Aucklands and the Antipodes.

</doc>
<doc id="30946903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946903" title="Stephanie Bell">
Stephanie Bell

Stephanie Bell is an Australian Aboriginal, Kulilla/ Wakka Wakka woman. Her grandmother was a member of the stolen generations, having been removed from her family, who were Warramungu people, at Brunette Downs in the Northern Territory. Stephanie Bell has degrees in Business Management and Aboriginal Health Service Management and is also a Fellow of the Sir Gustav Nossal International Fellowship for Leadership in Health Reform.
Current position.
Stephanie Bell currently holds the following position
Publications and speeches.
Stephanie Bell has published articles and frequently makes speeches on the following topics:
Awards.
Stephanie Bell was the 2011 recipient of the Menzies Medallion, in recognition of her outstanding contribution to primary health care and to Indigenous health in the Northern Territory. The Menzies Medallion is awarded annually by the Menzies School of Health Research to honour individuals who have made a national contribution to health, in areas which have benefited the Northern Territory. 

</doc>
<doc id="30946905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946905" title="Nadaburg Unified School District">
Nadaburg Unified School District

The Nadaburg Unified School District is the K-8 school district in the town of Wittmann, Arizona. It operates only two elementary schools: Nadaburg Elementary (the historical school in the town), as well as Desert Oasis Elementary inside Surprise city limits. It is, however, likely to add its own high school by 2013 (it originally planned to have it built by 2010, but that never happened). Current Nadaburg students attend Wickenburg High School in that town, just up US 60.
As a unified school district in Arizona, the Nadaburg district would have the authority to operate its own high school. A district must be considered "unified" to serve both K-8 and high school students, as demonstrated by the need for the J.O. Combs Unified School District to actually hold a unification vote before beginning to build its own high school.

</doc>
<doc id="30946907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946907" title="Lake Ellen Wilson">
Lake Ellen Wilson

Lake Ellen Wilson is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Ellen Wilson is upstream from Lincoln Lake but is more than higher in elevation. A series of cascades including Beaver Chief Falls can be found between the two lakes.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30946928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946928" title="Xindian culture">
Xindian culture

Xindian culture (Chinese 辛店 文化, Xindian Wenhua) was a Bronze Age culture in the Gansu and Qinghai provinces of China. Xindian culture is dated ca. 1500–1000 BCE, a radiocarbon testing of an artefact produced a date around 1000 BCE, which roughly corresponds to the (Western) Zhou period of the Central Plain ("Zhongyuan") area (in the middle and lower course of the Yellow River). Xindian culture is named after a site discovered in 1923-24 in Xindian Lintao. The culture was mainly located in Gansu in the middle and lower course of the Tao He 洮河 and Daxia He 大 夏河 rivers, and in Qinghai in the basin of the Huang Shui 湟 水 river. Xindian culture was predominantly agricultural, with breeding pigs and cattle, at the sites of the culture were found bronze castings and traces of copper smelting production. Xindian culture belongs to the painted pottery cultures found in Central Asia, India, and China, among others.
Xindian culture is connected with the late Qijia culture, the pottery evidence demonstrates a cultural continuity, though genetically it is not related with it. In the same area in close proximity are distributed early sites of the contemporary neighboring Siwa culture, though Xindian culture and Siwa culture followed their own paths of development. The later Xindian culture expanded westard and came closer to the Kayue culture, it was possibly absorbed by the Kayue culture.
Literature.
"The Cambridge History of Ancient China", M. Loeuwe, E.L. Shaughnessy, eds., Cambridge University Press, 1999, ISBN 978-0-521-47030-8
Notes.
"Translated from "http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xindian-Kultur""

</doc>
<doc id="30946929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946929" title="Accomplice (disambiguation)">
Accomplice (disambiguation)

An accomplice is a person who actively participates in the commission of a crime but takes no part in the actual criminal offense.
Accomplice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30946959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946959" title="Hee Tien Lai">
Hee Tien Lai

Dr Hee Tien Lai is a Malaysian politician of the national front, Barisan Nasional. He contested the Malaysia General Election 1978 for the seat in Ayer Hitam, Johor. He is one of the deputy speakers of the Dewan Rakyat from June 14, 1982 till July 26, 1983. He is a graduate of Batu Pahat High School, the same high school where Lim Kit Siang, Lim Guan Eng,Dato Sri Vincent Tan Chee Yioun (Berjaya Corp owner), Dr. Chua Soi Lek (Former Health Minister) and other prominent figures studied. He later resigned to migrate to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30946968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946968" title="Shirley Ogle">
Shirley Ogle

Shirley Ogle (born 1926) in Victoria) is a former Australian athlete who competed in the 100 yards and 220 yards and other sprint distances. She held numerous state and national women's sprint records, and at the 1947 Victorian Athletics Championships won all four sprint events, 75 yards through to 440 yards.
Early life.
Shirley was born in the Melbourne suburb of Fawkner in Victoria. Her parents were William "Billy" Ogle, a professional bike rider and process engraver, and "Peggy" Martin, a stage performer.
She attended scholastically elite University High School where, although small of stature and of a slight build, her athletic prowess stood out. She joined Southport Athletic Club and competed in a wide range of events which, strangely enough, included the discus, in which she won one of many club junior championships.
Athletic career.
Unfortunately for her, Shirley's athletic career happened to coincide with the period when Australian women sprinters were at their most dominant.
Not having much big race experience at all, she didn't perform up to her best at the Women's 1948 Olympic Selection Athletics Trials in Sydney and didn't make the team for London . She was 5th in the 100 yards, with the first four, Joyce King, Shirley Strickland, Betty McKinnon and June Matson making up the Women's 4 x 100 metre relay which won the Silver medal. She was 5th in the 220 yards too, behind Joyce King, future multiple Olympic Champion and World Recordholder, Shirley Strickland, Betty McKinnon and, another future multiple Olympic Champion and World Recordholder, Marjorie Jackson. Competition for a spot on the sprint team was obviously pretty tough, with Joyce King and Shirley Strickland being the 1st. and 2nd. ranked of all the athletes from all the sports that had been presented by their sports associations to the Australian Olympic Federation (AOF) for grading and selection in the Australian 1948 Summer Olympics team.
The strength of Australia's women in athletics at the time was further demonstrated by their results in the 1950 Commonwealth Games in Auckland where they won every event, except the High Jump and Long Jump.
Additional information.
In 1950, she married Australian Olympian Hurdler Ray Weinberg and supported his efforts in making the 1952 Summer Olympics team and was integral in the success of his other ventures in athletics. She'd also assisted him with his 1948 London Olympics programme where, even though visiting Olympic teams had to provide their own food due to post-war privations, she supplemented that with food packages, including eggs in the form of a special homemade Advocaat.
Shirley and Ray have three children.
Statistics.
Records
State Championships

</doc>
<doc id="30946977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946977" title="Legalize It (EP)">
Legalize It (EP)

Legalize It is the fifth EP released by the hip hop band Kottonmouth Kings. The EP was scheduled for a digital release on April 20, 2011 (4-20), but it was released a day early on April 19.

</doc>
<doc id="30946984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946984" title="Townshippers' Association">
Townshippers' Association

Townshippers' Association is a non-partisan, non-profit organization mandated to support the rights of English-speaking people in the historical Eastern Townships region of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is known in French as the Association des Townshippers. The association has its head office in Lennoxville and a branch office in Knowlton.
Townshippers' Association was founded on October 27, 1979, in response to a declining anglophone population base and to the Parti Québécois government's introduction of the Charter of the French Language. The association promotes the interests and identity of the longstanding anglophone community in the region and hosts many cultural and community events. It is also mandated to maintain what it describes as "the spirit of neighbourliness that has long existed between French and English speakers in the region." The association had five thousand members by its first anniversary and claims about four thousand members as of 2011.
The Townshippers' Association has lobbied in favour of minority-language education and for anglophone representation on health and social services committees. In 1998, a representative described the organization as moderate and not given to confrontation or acrimony with the francophone community.

</doc>
<doc id="30947002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947002" title="Asarkina">
Asarkina

Asarkina is a genus of hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="30947030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947030" title="Peschiera del Garda railway station">
Peschiera del Garda railway station

Peschiera del Garda railway station () serves the town and "comune" of Peschiera del Garda, in the region of Veneto, northern Italy. Opened in 1854, it forms part of the Milan–Venice railway.
The station is currently managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI). Most train services are operated by Trenitalia. Each of these companies is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned rail company.
Location.
Peschiera del Garda railway station is situated in Piazzale Stazione, on the eastern bank of the Mincio River, to the east of the town centre on the western bank.
History.
The station was opened on 22 April 1854, together with the Verona–Brescia–Coccaglio section of the Milan–Venice railway. Between 1859 and 1866, it was a transit station between the international network of the Kingdom of Lombardy–Venetia and that of the Kingdom of Sardinia/Italy.
From 1934 to 1967, the station was adjacent to another station, the FMP station, which was the terminus of a line from Mantua.
Features.
The station has a large three storey passenger building. At ground level, there is a main entrance protected by an arched portico, and inside are the usual services to travellers. The upper two levels are used for offices and private residences.
Three tracks pass through the station yard. Each of the outer tracks, one for each direction, is faced by a platform equipped with a wrought iron canopy. The platforms are connected with each other, and with the passenger building, by elevators and a pedestrian underpass. The inside track is used for any crossings or overtaking.
In the goods yard is a goods shed now used for storage. The tracks in the goods yard have been removed and replaced with a parking lot. Other tracks are used for storage of line maintenance equipment.
<br clear=left>
Passenger and train movements.
The station is the second busiest in the province of Verona in terms of passenger movements, after Verona Porta Nuova. It is very crowded by commuters, supplemented by tourists during the summer season.
Every day, regional and Eurostar trains stop at the station, linking the Garda with Milan, Turin, Venice and Trieste. The station is also served by a DB-ÖBB-LeNORD pair of trains between Munich and Milano Porta Garibaldi.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at February 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="30947036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947036" title="Anthony G. Forlini">
Anthony G. Forlini

Anthony G. Forlini (born February 4, 1962) is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives for the 24th district. The district covers Harrison Township, Michigan and St. Clair Shores, Michigan. Forlini was raised in St. Clair Shores and has lived in Harrison Township since about 1987. 
Forlini attended St. Germaine Elementary school. He has a degree from Western Michigan University. Prior to his election as a state representative Forlini was a township supervisor in Harrison Township. He is also a small business owner. A Roman Catholic, Forlini is a member of the Knights of Columbus and has also served as a youth co-leader in the Catholic Church. Forlini and his wife are the parents of three children.

</doc>
<doc id="30947064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947064" title="1995 LPGA Tour">
1995 LPGA Tour

The 1995 LPGA Tour was the 46th season since the LPGA Tour officially began in 1950. The season ran from January 12 to November 5. The season consisted of 33 official money events. Annika Sörenstam won the most tournaments, three. She also led the money list with earnings of $666,533. 
The season saw the first tournament in South Korea, the Samsung World Championship of Women's Golf. There were 12 first-time winners in 1995: Nanci Bowen, Gail Graham, Becky Iverson, Tracy Kerdyk, Julie Larsen, Jenny Lidback, Kathryn Marshall, Michelle McGann, Alison Nicholas, Annika Sörenstam, Barb Thomas, and Karrie Webb. Sörenstam went on to win 72 LPGA events in her career, the third most all-time.
The tournament results and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results.
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1995 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Majors are shown in bold.
"* – non-member at time of win"

</doc>
<doc id="30947067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947067" title="Any Last Words">
Any Last Words

Any Last Words is a live CD/DVD of a Chevelle concert filmed at Metro in Chicago, Illinois on October 28 and October 29, 2010. The shows were a sold-out celebration of the band's ten years in music. Recorded and mixed by Jef Moll.

</doc>
<doc id="30947073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947073" title="Kerala at the 2011 National Games of India">
Kerala at the 2011 National Games of India

Kerala in 2011 National Games.
The 2011 National Games, also known as the 34th National Games of India, is held from 12 February 2011 to 26 February 2011 in Ranchi, Jharkhand, India. Below you will find latest sport wise medals break up for Kerala.
Medals Tally For KERALA (Sport Wise).
Athletics tops the list in Kerala's medal hunt.

</doc>
<doc id="30947126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947126" title="List of tallest buildings in Saint John, New Brunswick">
List of tallest buildings in Saint John, New Brunswick

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Saint John, New Brunswick.
Saint John is the largest city in New Brunswick. In Saint John, there are 6 buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 19-storey, Brunswick Square. This building is tied with Assumption Place in Moncton for tallest building in New Brunswick. However this building is the second largest office building by floor space in all of Atlantic Canada after the Maritime Centre in Halifax. The second-tallest building in the city is Saint John City Hall, standing at tall with 15 storeys.
, the city contains 1 skyscraper over and 12 high-rise buildings that exceed in height.
The tallest development that is under construction in Saint John is the Coast Guard Redevelopment project, with three towers all tall with 12 floors. If constructed, the Coast Guard Redevelopment will be the single largest residential construction project ever undertaken in New Brunswick and possibly all of Atlantic Canada. , there are no other high-rises under construction, approved for construction, or proposed for construction in Saint John.
Tallest buildings.
This list ranks Saint John high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.
Other important structures.
Courtney Bay Generating Station.
The Courtney Bay Generating Station is a major electricity generating facility that was decommissioned in 2008. Each of its towers were over tall. 
This power plant was a major contributor to New Brunswick Power Corporation, generating 113 megawatts of electricity for the province.
City Market.
The Saint John City Market is the oldest continuing farmer's market in Canada, with a charter dating from 1785. Located in Saint John, New Brunswick and completed in 1876, the current market building has a unique roof structure that resembles an inverted ship's keel. Made of wooden trusses, the structure was reportedly built by unemployed ship carpenters of the day. Also, the floor slopes with the natural grade of the land. The architecture is in the Second Empire style. 
Some of the businesses in the market have been operating continuously there for more than 100 years. Facing onto Kings Square, the market is connected to the city's indoor pedway system.
The market was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="30947139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947139" title="Measurable Riemann mapping theorem">
Measurable Riemann mapping theorem

In mathematics, the measurable Riemann mapping theorem is a theorem proved in 1960 by Lars Ahlfors and Lipman Bers in complex analysis and geometric function theory. Contrary to its name, it is not a direct generalization of the Riemann mapping theorem, but instead a result concerning quasiconformal mappings and solutions of the Beltrami equation. The result was prefigured by earlier results of Charles Morrey from 1938 on quasi-linear elliptic partial differential equations. 
The theorem of Alhfors and Bers states that if μ is a bounded measurable function on C with formula_1, then there is a
unique solution "f" of the Beltrami equation
for which "f" is a quasiconformal homeomorphism of C fixing the points 0, 1 and ∞. A similar result is true with C replaced by the unit disk D. Their proof used the Beurling transform, a singular integral operator.

</doc>
<doc id="30947148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947148" title="Russell Findlay">
Russell Findlay

J. Russell Findlay (born 1965) is an American advertising and marketing executive. 
Career.
Russell Findlay is the first chief marketing officer in the history of Major League Soccer. Prior to MLS, Findlay worked for PepsiCo alongside American Advertising Federation Hall of Fame inductee Alan Pottasch. He worked at PepsiCo under Chairmen Roger Enrico, Steven Reinemund and Indra Nooyi. While at PepsiCo, Findlay helped launch SoBe Mr. Green soft drink, Sierra Mist and Sierra Mist Free, including helping produce a TV commercial putting soccer greats Freddy Adu and Pele together for the first time. Findlay also launched Pepsi Max (North America) while at PepsiCo.
Findlay started his career at Unilever as a territory sales rep before moving into their brand marketing department. 
He has twice won Effie Award for effective advertising.
and currently serves as a final round judge in the Effie Award process.
Education.
His undergraduate degree is in marketing from SUNY Oswego, where he is on the board of their School of Business. He also holds an MBA with a concentration in marketing and advertising from Xavier University.
Findlay is also a frequent guest lecturer at business schools. He has lectured and presented at Harvard Business School, Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, the University of Pennsylvainia's Wharton School of Business among others.
Personal.
Findlay is related to the legendary advertising and media couple, New York Post editor Joseph Cookman and his wife Ladies Home Journal editor Mary Bass. 
He is also a US Soccer Referee.

</doc>
<doc id="30947167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947167" title="Auriat Island">
Auriat Island

Auriat Island is a small island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; surrounded by Cree Lake. The island is named after Jean Auriat, a Canadian soldier killed in action on June 7, 1944, during World War II, while attacking a German Radar Station in Douvres, France.

</doc>
<doc id="30947179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947179" title="1996 LPGA Tour">
1996 LPGA Tour

The 1996 LPGA Tour was the 47th season since the LPGA Tour officially began in 1950. The season ran from January 11 to November 24. The season consisted of 34 official money events. Laura Davies, Dottie Pepper and Karrie Webb won the most tournaments, four each. Webb led the money list with earnings of $1,002,000, the first player to win over $1 million in a season. 
The season saw the first winner's share over $200,000, at the U.S. Women's Open. There were four first-time winners in 1996: Mayumi Hirase, Emilee Klein, Caroline Pierce, and Joan Pitcock.
The tournament results and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results.
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1996 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Majors are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="30947188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947188" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1934">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1934

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1934 were held in St. Moritz, Switzerland in February 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="30947200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947200" title="Dedham Pottery">
Dedham Pottery

Dedham Pottery was a pottery company opened by the Robertson Family in Dedham, Massachusetts during the American arts & crafts movement that operated between 1896 and 1943. It was known for its high-fire stoneware characterized by a controlled and very fine crackle glaze with thick cobalt border designs.
Patterns.
The most common and recognizable design is a repeating crouching rabbit referred to as "the Dedham rabbit". The rabbits crouch on the ground with their ears back and in between each rabbit stands a vegetable stalk which a former workman has claimed to be a brussel sprout(7). There are generally 10 rabbits in total and are spaced out evenly in a clockwise rotation. The Dedham rabbit design had been drawn by Miss Alice Morse and J. Lindon Smith of the Museum of Fine Arts School in Boston. Other designs featured elephants, dolphins, polar bears, chicks, swans, turtles, ducks, butterflies, lilies, clover, and mushrooms. During its span of production, Dedham Pottery created over fifty patterns for dinnerware and serving pieces.
Markings.
1892-1895: C.P.U.S. (Chelsea Pottery U.S.) impressed inside a clover leaf.
1896-1928: Square blue stamp with DEDHAM POTTERY printed over a rabbit; impressed foreshortened rabbit beneath.
1929-1943: REGISTERED added under standard Dedham Pottery stamp; two impressed foreshortened rabbits beneath.
Rarely the decorator would add his initials, a date, or the initials of the purchaser but these instances were rare and therefor, for collecting purposes, valuable.
Maude Rose Davenport a very skilled decorator at Dedham Pottery between 1904-1928 signed her work with a rebus, a small 5mm circle in the border of her designs.
Hugh C. Robertson sometimes signed his decorations with a square.
Reproductions.
The Dedham Historical Society as well as another company in Concord, MA produces reproductions of Dedham pottery. The Dedham Historical Society owns both the name and original trademark of Dedham Pottery. However, when making reproductions, the pottery is clearly labeled as such.
References.
(1)http://www.mfa.org/collections/object/rabbit-plate-432948
(2)http://www.boston.com/ae/events/articles/2009/09/03/dedham_historical_society_marks_150th_anniversary/
(3)http://dedhampottery.com/
(4)http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/dedham/2010/06/reproduction_plates_benefit_hi.html
(5)The Boston Daily Globe, July 31, 1894. Page 5.
(6)The Boston Daily Globe, July 21, 1894. Page 8.
(7)Hawes, Lloyd E., M.D.. "Dedham Pottery", New York: Bryon A. Born, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="30947236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947236" title="Logi Bergmann Eiðsson">
Logi Bergmann Eiðsson

Logi Bergmann Eiðsson (born 2 December 1966) is an Icelandic television host, news anchor and reporter. He worked for the public broadcaster Sjónvarpið before his move to private channel Stöð 2 in 2005.
Logi started his career in media as a reporter for the newspaper Þjóðviljinn, and later for Morgunblaðið.
Logi was a sports correspondent, and later news reporter, anchor, producer and deputy head of news for "Sjónvarpið"; in addition to hosting the quiz show Gettu betur for six years.
In 2002, Logi applied for the position of head of news at "Sjónvarpið", but lost to his fellow deputy Elín Hirst. Logi said at the time that the hiring process was highly political. Logi claims to have been an outspoken communist as a teenager, as his father, Eiður Bergmann, was the managing director of left-wing newspaper "Þjóðviljinn".
On "Stöð 2" Logi serves as news anchor, and hosts the weekly talk show Logi í beinni. He also hosted the short-lived quiz show Meistarinn.
Logi married television host Svanhildur Hólm Valsdóttir on June 17, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="30947241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947241" title="St Aloysius (disambiguation)">
St Aloysius (disambiguation)

St Aloysius may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30947247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947247" title="1997 LPGA Tour">
1997 LPGA Tour

The 1997 LPGA Tour was the 48th season since the LPGA Tour officially began in 1950. The season ran from January 9 to November 23. The season consisted of 38 official money events. Annika Sörenstam won the most tournaments, six. She also led the money list with earnings of $1,236,789.
There were four first-time winners in 1997: Cindy Figg-Currier, Pat Hurst, Michele Redman, and Wendy Ward. Nancy Lopez won the last of her 48 LPGA career victories in 1997.
The tournament results and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results.
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1997 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Majors are shown in bold.
"^ – weather-shortened tournament"

</doc>
<doc id="30947253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947253" title="Stephen Lewis Foundation">
Stephen Lewis Foundation

The Stephen Lewis Foundation is a non-governmental organization that assists mostly AIDS and HIV-related grassroots projects in Africa.
History.
The foundation was started by Stephen Lewis, a veteran Canadian politician and former Canadian ambassador to the United Nations. He first proposed the idea in an interview published in the "Globe and Mail" newspaper on January 4, 2003, citing the crisis of HIV/AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa. Several readers responded with financial donations, the first of which arrived before the foundation had been formally established. By the time the foundation's first cheques were mailed out in June 2003 for projects, the donations totalled $275,000. As of February 2011, the foundation's website indicates that it has received almost forty million dollars.
For his efforts in starting the foundation, Lewis was named as person of the year by Maclean's magazine 2003 and was awarded the Pearson Peace Medal in 2004. He has continued to travel and speak on the foundation's behalf. Lewis's daughter, Ilana Landsberg-Lewis, has been the foundation's director since its foundation in 2003, and its African Advisory Board is chaired by Graça Machel.
Activities.
The Stephen Lewis Foundation is mandated to provide care for women suffering from HIV/AIDS, to assist orphans and other children affected by AIDS, to support grandmothers caring for orphaned grandchildren, and to support groups of people living with HIV/AIDS. 
On March 7, 2006, the foundation launched the "Grandmothers to Grandmothers" campaign to encourage grandmothers in Canada to work with grandmothers caring for children orphaned by AIDS in sub-Saharan African countries. More than forty groups were started across Canada in the first five months of the initiative. The first "Grandmothers to Grandmothers gathering" took place at George Brown College at the University of Toronto in August 2006, attended by two hundred grandmothers from Canada and one hundred from sub-Saharan Africa. Several groups from the Grandmothers to Grandmothers Campaign were profiled in "Grandmother Power", a book by photojournalist Paola Gianturco.
The foundation mostly supports small frontline groups and charities, although on some occasions it has provided larger projects with money. It has supported initiatives in Botswana, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="30947292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947292" title="Layers of Live">
Layers of Live

Layers of Live is a live album by Darkane. The title of this release is a reference to Layers of Lies. 

</doc>
<doc id="30947304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947304" title="Edmund Hewavitarne">
Edmund Hewavitarne

Edmund Hewavitarne (1873–1915) was a Ceylonese (Sri Lankan) businessman and reservist. Member of Ceylon Defence Force he was court-martialed for treason and died in prison, he was given posthumous pardon. He was the younger brother of Anagarika Dharmapala. 
Born to the rich Hewavitarne family, his father was Don Carolis Hewavitharana and Mallika Dharmagunawardhana (the daughter of Andiris Perera Dharmagunawardhana) was his mother. His brothers were Don David Hewavitarne and Charles Alwis Hewavitharana. 
During the 1915 riots he was arrested on trumped up charges and court marshaled for treason and shop-breaking. Sentenced to penal servitude for life after a three-day trial he was detained in the Welikada Prison and was transferred to the Jaffna Prison. There he died after five months due to lack of medical treatment.
Philip Morrell raised the matter of the death of Hewavitarne in the House of Commons. However, Walter Long, the Secretary of State for the Colonies refused to allow an impartial Inquiry into cases of miscarriage of justice in the courts-martial and into the general administration of martial law during and after the Ceylon disturbances.

</doc>
<doc id="30947307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947307" title="Johns Island (Saskatchewan)">
Johns Island (Saskatchewan)

Johns Island is a small island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; surrounded by Cree Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="30947316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947316" title="1998 LPGA Tour">
1998 LPGA Tour

The 1998 LPGA Tour was the 49th season since the LPGA Tour officially began in 1950. The season ran from January 16 to November 22. The season consisted of 36 official money events. Se Ri Pak and Annika Sörenstam won the most tournaments, four each. Annika Sörenstam led the money list with earnings of $1,092,748. 
This was the first year that non-American winners outnumbered American winners (19 to 17). There were four first-time winners in 1998: Amy Fruhwirth, Rachel Hetherington, Se Ri Pak, Pearl Sinn.
The tournament results and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results.
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1998 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Majors are shown in bold.
"^ – weather-shortened tournament"

</doc>
<doc id="30947318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947318" title="Pantile (roof material)">
Pantile (roof material)

A pantile is a type of fired roof tile, normally made from clay. It is S-shaped in appearance and is single lap, meaning that the end of the tile laps only the course immediately below. Flat tiles normally lap two courses.
A pantile-covered roof is considerably lighter than a flat-tiled equivalent and can be laid to a lower pitch.
Pantiles are used in eastern coastal parts of England and Scotland including Norfolk, east central Scotland, the Lothians and Fife, where they were first imported from Holland in the early 17th century. They are rarely used in western England, except in the Somerset town of Bridgwater.
Roofing pantiles are not to be confused with a type used for paving, after which the Georgian colonnade in Tunbridge Wells is named. Whilst called pantiles, the paving tiles which were installed there in 1699 were one-inch-thick square tiles made from heavy wealden clay, so named because they were shaped in a wooden pan before firing. The pantile paving in Tunbridge Wells was replaced with stone flag tiles in 1792.

</doc>
<doc id="30947333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947333" title="Ronald Machen">
Ronald Machen

Ronald C. Machen, Jr. is the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia.
Early life and education.
Machen grew up in Detroit, Michigan. He attended Stanford University, where he was a walk-on wide receiver for the Stanford Cardinal football team. Machen graduated from Stanford in 1991 with bachelor degrees in economics and political science. He earned his Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1994. After graduating from Harvard, Machen served as a law clerk to the Honorable Damon J. Keith, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Career.
On December 23, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Machen to serve as the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 11, 2010.
Machen has prosecuted numerous corruption cases involving Jesse Jackson Jr., and the administration of D.C. mayor Vincent C. Gray.
Assigned to Lois Lerner Contempt Case of the IRS Scandal.
On May 8, 2014, Manchen was assigned to investigate embattled director of the tax-exempt organizations division of the Internal Revenue Service, Lois Lerner, for Contempt of Congress with regard to her testimoney involving the IRS Scandal by President Obama.
References.
Official website: http://www.justice.gov/usao/dc/about/meetattorney.html

</doc>
<doc id="30947369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947369" title="Lieberthal">
Lieberthal

Lieberthal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30947374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947374" title="Bards and Sages Quarterly">
Bards and Sages Quarterly

Bards and Sages Quarterly is a quarterly fantasy, horror, and science fiction literary magazine published by Bards and Sages, and edited by Julie Ann Dawson. Its first issue was released in January 2009. It is a semi-professional paying market and publishes short and flash fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="30947379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947379" title="1999 LPGA Tour">
1999 LPGA Tour

The 1999 LPGA Tour was the 50th season since the LPGA Tour officially began in 1950. The season ran from January 15 to November 14. The season consisted of 38 official money events. Karrie Webb won the most tournaments, six. She also led the money list with earnings of $1,591,959. 
The season saw the first tournament with a winner's share of over $300,000, the U.S. Women's Open. There were seven first-time winners in 1999: Akiko Fukushima, Jackie Gallagher-Smith, Maria Hjorth, Mi Hyun Kim, Kelli Kuehne, Mardi Lunn, and Catrin Nilsmark.
The Jamie Farr Kroger Classic saw the first ever six-way playoff in LPGA Tour history. It was won by Se Ri Pak. 
The tournament results and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results.
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1999 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Majors are shown in bold.
"^ – weather-shortened tournament"

</doc>
<doc id="30947382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947382" title="Holice Turnbow">
Holice Turnbow

Holice Edward Turnbow (born October 1, 1930) is an American quilter, artist, and textile consultant. Since the early 1970s he has curated, judged, and lectured at a multitude of quilting events throughout the United States and Canada. He is certified by the National Quilting Association as a judge and teacher. In 1988 he co-founded The Hoffman Challenge, a national quilting, clothing, and dolls contest featuring hundreds of participants. His design have been commissioned by Spartex, Inc., Stencil House, and Benartex, Inc.
Early life, career.
Turnbow was born in Shamrock, Texas on October 1, 1930. He began his quilting career in the early 1970s after he was asked to teach needlework and quilting for a county recreational program.
He first received national exposure in 1978, when he was asked by the West Virginia Department of Culture and History to consult on and organize a quilt show. The show was in conjunction with the U.S. Postal Service issuing a commemorative stamp that recognized quilting as a folk art. That same year, he also served on the planning committee for the "First Continental Quilting Congress," which was held in Arlington, Virginia. After these two events he was invited to teach and lecture at numerous quilting events across the United States and Canada.
Judging.
Turnbow is a Quilt Judge and Teacher certified by the National Quilting Association. He has been a judicial fixture in a multitude of quilting and craft events since the 1980s. In 1988 Turnbow and Betty Boyink founded and curated "The Hoffman Challenge", a national contest of quilted wall hangings, clothing, and dolls. The event, which started out with 94 quilters, has since grown to massive proportions, with regularly over 700 participants. Turnbow and Boyink curated the event until 1998.
Stencils.
In 1992 Turnbow was asked by Spartex, Inc., a South Carolina fabric company, to develop and design whole cloth patterns to be preprinted onto fabric. Included in Turnbow's designs were a series based on quilts from the National Museum of American History at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C.
Afterwards he served as a quilt consultant to various textile and fabric companies, including the Canadian company Stencil House and the thread company Talon, Inc. He's also provided further designs, including whole cloth quilts, to companies such as the New York fabric company Benartex, Inc. and The Stencil Company. His stencils are also re-published by various merchants online.
Teaching.
Turnbow continues to teach quilting techniques, both hand and machine, to quilting groups, quilt shops, and national conventions across the United States. At one point he approximated almost 1550 students in three years. In addition to teaching regularly for local quilt hop, guilds and conventions he was a regular faculty member for the Original Sewing and Quilting Expo which conducted sewing and quilting events eight times a year.
Media presence.
Turnbow has written regularly for various quilting magazines. He has been featured on "Quilters TV", and appeared on Kay Wood's "Strip Quilting with Kaye" and "Quilting for the 90's." He also represented the Stencil Company in six shows on "QNN", and in 2006 was named "QNN"'s "Designer of the Month for July." He has appeared in 13 segments of the television series "Heirlooms by Design", which was shown through the CBS cable network throughout Alabama. He has recently completed the quilting series "Quilt as Desired" for "QuiltersTV", which began showing on the internet in late April 2011. This was the third time he provided instructional videos for the site. The series is sponsored by the Stencil Company. He was also featured in the book "Men and the Art of Quiltmaking" by Joe Cunningham, published by the American Quilter's Society.
Personal life.
Turnbow currently lives in Sturbridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="30947384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947384" title="Choi Daniel">
Choi Daniel

Choi Daniel (born February 22, 1986) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in "High Kick Through the Roof", "Cyrano Agency", "Baby Faced Beauty" and "School 2013". 
Choi is also an anchorman on KBS World Radio since 2011 and a DJ on KBS 2FM since 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30947391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947391" title="Grants Pass Daily Courier">
Grants Pass Daily Courier

The Grants Pass Daily Courier is an independent daily newspaper published in Grants Pass, Oregon, United States. The "Courier" covers Grants Pass and the surrounding area and is delivered throughout Josephine County, as well as parts of Jackson and Douglas counties. It was established in 1885 and is owned by Courier Publishing Company. The "Courier" is an evening paper published every day except Sunday and its circulation is 15,317. It is the newspaper of record for Josephine County.
History.
The first year it was published, the paper was known as the "Grant's Pass Courier". From 1886 until 1919, it was named the "Rogue River Courier". The name was changed again to "Grants Pass Daily Courier" to avoid confusion after the town of Woodville changed its name to Rogue River. The "Courier" is the second-oldest continuously published newspaper in Southern Oregon (after the "Ashland Daily Tidings"). When the "Courier" became a daily in 1910, Grants Pass was the smallest city in the world to have leased wire service from the United Press.

</doc>
<doc id="30947398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947398" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1935">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1935

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1935 were held in Mürren, Switzerland in February 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="30947403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947403" title="John Elias (rugby league)">
John Elias (rugby league)

John Elias (Arabic: جون إلياس) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach. During the 1980s and '90s he played for clubs in Sydney, Brisbane, England and France where he also coached, and also played and coached for the Lebanon national team.
Background.
Born in Lebanon as a child Elias, along with his two older brothers and sister, was taken by his mother to Sydney following the death of his father. There he became an Australian citizen.
Playing career.
1980s.
After starting his first grade career with the Newtown Jets in their final season in 1983, Elias played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in 1984. The following season he moved north, and in the 1985 Brisbane Rugby League grand final for the Wayne Bennett-coached Souths Magpies, Elias was named man-of-the-match for his performance in a shock 10-8 win over Wally Lewis's Wynnum-Manly Seagulls. Elias joined the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in 1986 but departed the club mid-way through the season to join the Western Suburbs Magpies. Early in the 1987 Winfield Cup season, Elias was sent off for a high tackle in a match against North Sydney Bears. He joined the Eastern Suburbs Roosters in 1988. Early in the 1988 Winfield Cup season while playing for Easts, Elias' jaw was fractured in a tackle during the first minutes of a match against Balmain. Part-way through the 1989 NSWRL season, he left Eastern Suburbs to join the Balmain Tigers club, where he stayed until 1994.
1990s.
Elias left Balmain to re-join the Rabbitohs mid-way though the 1994 Winfield Cup season. That season Elias was involved in a match-fixing plot that involved four players from his Souths team and four players from Wests. Elias was jailed for nine months in 1995 after pleading guilty in the NSW District Court to two counts of supplying amphetamines, one count of possessing F1 sub-machinegun parts and one count of possessing prohibited articles, namely military-style flak vests. Elias was the inaugural captain of the Lebanese rugby league team when they made their debut in the 1997 World Sevens tournament, going on to reach the quarter-finals. He later travelled to France to play for Avignon and Toulouse. Elias was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 1999 at age 38, but postponed chemotherapy to play an international match for Lebanon against France. Later he underwent surgery to remove a tennis-ball sized lymphoma which had burst inside his stomach, forcing him into retirement. 
Coaching career.
Instead of being Lebanon's captain for their campaign to join the 2000 World Cup, he served as their coach. Elias was refused entry into the United States for Lebanon's 2000 World Cup qualifier match due to his previous firearms conviction. Elias coached French club Pia Donkeys in 2002 and 2003, taking them from last in the competition to runners-up, before returning to Australia. In 2004 Elias was facing up to 25 years in jail after a jury found him guilty of maliciously shooting his business partner in the leg. He ended up serving four years in prison. In 2008, following Elias' release from prison, it was reported that he and Arthur Beetson, who had advised Elias during the 2000 World Cup, were preparing a bid for a rugby league coaching job in Europe. In June 2009, following the conviction of Greg Bird, Elias wrote an article published by News Limited detailing his time in prison. That year he coached Lebanon in the 2009 European Cup tournament.
After football.
In 2010 Elias published his book, "Sin Bin: The Untold Story of a True Footy Bad Boy", which detailed his life of football and crime. In the 2011 pre-season, he was arrested under suspicion of involvement in the 2010 spot fixing case perpetrated by Ryan Tandy, but was found not guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="30947451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947451" title="List of state leaders in the 15th century BC">
List of state leaders in the 15th century BC

This is a list of state leaders in the 15th century BC (1500 BC–1401 BC). The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "King" under the heading "Assyria" means "King of Assyria") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="30947461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947461" title="Kunanalling, Western Australia">
Kunanalling, Western Australia

Kunanalling is an abandoned town in Western Australia located between Coolgardie and Balgarri along the Coolgardie North Road in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
In 1895 gold was discovered in the area by prospectors and it was initially known as 25 mile which is its distance from Coolgardie. The goldfields warden recommended that a townsite be declared in the same area. The town was also called Connanalling but the spelling was changed by the Lands department when the town was gazetted in 1896. By early 1898 the town had a population of 360 people that later grew to approximately 800 people.
The ruins of a hotel and three chimneys still remain in the old townsite.

</doc>
<doc id="30947468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947468" title="God's Gift">
God's Gift

"God's Gift" is a 2010 direct-to-video American drama film directed by Master P produced and distributed by Guttar Music Entertainment. 
Synopsis.
The film is based on boxing and Romeo's struggle with God and school. It also shows his struggle with his father's drinking addiction.
Production and release.
It was written by Britt O. Wynn. The movie starred Romeo, his father Master P and Romeo's co-star from "Romeo!", Zachary Isaiah Williams. The movie also had an appearance by Romeo's younger brother, "Young V", his uncle Silkk the Shocker, and "Lincoln Heights" star Erica Hubbard.
It was released on October 26, 2010. The movie only opened in cinemas in the USA and could only be viewed if you bought the album from his Myspace page. 

</doc>
<doc id="30947496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947496" title="Mitch Jacoby">
Mitch Jacoby

Mitchel Ray Jacoby is a former tight end in the National Football League. He played two seasons with the St. Louis Rams before playing his final season with the Kansas City Chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="30947502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947502" title="United Midget Racing Association">
United Midget Racing Association

United Midget Racing Association is an open wheel racing group established in 1961. The racing association schedules TQ Midget races for May to October.
Description.
UMRA is often used as training ground for young go kart racers to gain open wheel skills before moving on to high level pro-racing formats. But UMRA racers are not all young: many are long time hobby drivers.
Famous drivers.
UMRA was the start of open wheel racing for NASCAR Driver Tony Stewart. 
Former UMRA turned pro drivers return to UMRA races for the fun of racing. One such example was in 2000, when Tony Stewart returned to UMRA for a quick race before a Winston Cup test. This was the first time he had raced against his father, Nelson Stewart.
As of 2008 the following eight drivers had United States Auto Club (USAC) and UMRA titles.
Tony Stewart.
UMRA feature wins (11)
Terry Goff.
UMRA Feature Wins (120)
Tate Martz.
UMRA feature wins (6)
Mike Streicher.
UMRA feature wins (2)
Duane "Pancho" Carter, Jr..
UMRA feature wins (1)
Robby Flock.
UMRA feature wins (1)
Bobby Michnowicz.
UMRA feature wins (1)
Gary Howard.
UMRA feature wins (1)
Robbie Ray.
UMRA feature wins (1)

</doc>
<doc id="30947506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947506" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1936">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1936

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1936 were held in Innsbruck, Austria in February 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="30947511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947511" title="Chinnapuram">
Chinnapuram

Chinnapuram is a village in Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, India. It is 10 km from Machilipatnam, the district headquarters, and nearly 80 km away from Vijayawada, 300 km away from Hyderabad. It has a population of around 4500. The main occupation of people in this village is farming (Paddy, Aqua). There are three canals supplying water for farm lands.
History: 
At the heights of salt satyagraha movement,and freedom struggle, meetings and public demonstrations used to be held regularly at the square...It was there, on 9-4-1930, that a defiant Dr. Pattabhi publicly auctioned a small packet of salt, he and his comrades had brought from the seas of Chinnapuram...Sri.Puranam Suri Sasthry garu was stated to have bought it with a gold sovereign...
Temples: 
Schools: It has ZPH school, Elementary School, Boys Hostel, Girls Hostel, Guru vidhya Nikethan, Kerala Public school 
Hospitals: Aware Hospital.
Banks: Andhra Bank, Krishna Co-operative Bank.
Geography:The climate is tropical, with hot summers and moderate winters. The average warmest month is May.On average, the coolest month is January. The maximum average precipitation occurs in August. The peak temperature reaches 37 °C (99 °F) in May-June, while the winter temperature is 19-28 C.
History, Culture and Sports:
Agriculture is the main occupation in Chinnapuram. Irrigation is based on monsoons and the canal system. People follow traditional and advanced techniques in irrigation. Majority of the youth is moving away from agriculture in search of better life and opportunities. Business establishments in Chinnapuram are mainly to serve the agriculture in and around Chinnapuram.
The majority of the people in Chinnapuram follow Hinduism. Christianity is on rise in smaller sections of the population. Major festivals followed are Sankranthi, Dussera and Diwali. Subramanyeswara Swamy Sashti, Dussehra, Sri Venkateswara Kalyanam, Mukkoti & Ayyappa Deeksha are some of the major events conducted every year.
Cricket is the most watched and played game in the village. People play cricket in the High School ground. Volleyball and Kabaddi are also played often.
new updates recently 

</doc>
<doc id="30947513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947513" title="Baking powder submarine">
Baking powder submarine

A Baking powder submarine is a plastic toy submarine that dives and surfaces with the addition of baking powder. Baking powder submarines are sometimes misidentified as baking soda submarines, however baking soda alone does not react when placed in water.
In 1953 Benjamin and Harry Hirsch, two brothers in a cosmetics company discovered that the gas bubbles from baking powder could make a toy submarine dive up and down in fresh water. They sold their idea to the Kellogg's breakfast cereal company in 1954. Buoyed by the popularity of the first American atomic submarine USS Nautilus commissioned in that year, the 25 cent and one cereal boxtop four and one half inch plastic ship model prize had one million produced by May. A two and one half inch version was also produced to be used as a cereal box prize.
The same principle was later used for toy frogmen using baking powder in a container on the figure. However some cereal prizes were cartesian divers which did not require baking powder.
Baking powder submarines in popular culture.
In the original novel and film "Billy Liar", the title character's parents say they declared their love for him by buying him a box of corn flakes with a submarine inside.

</doc>
<doc id="30947514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947514" title="Reyne">
Reyne

Reyne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30947523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947523" title="St Aloysius school">
St Aloysius school

St Aloysius school may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30947540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947540" title="Siege of Malacca (1568)">
Siege of Malacca (1568)

A Siege of Malacca occurred in 1568, when the Sultan of Aceh Alaal-Din attacked the Portuguese-held city of Malacca. The city had been held by the Portuguese since its conquest by Afonso de Albuquerque in 1511.
The offensive was the result of a pan-Islamic alliance organized by the Ottoman Empire to try to repel the Portuguese from Malacca and the coasts of India. The Ottomans supplied cannonneers to the alliance, but were unable to provide more due to the ongoing invasion of Cyprus and an uprising in Aden.
The army of the Sultan was composed of a large fleet of long galley-type oared ships, 15,000 troops and Ottoman mercenaries.
The city of Malacca was successfully defended by Dom Leonis Pereira, who was supported by the king of Johore.
Other attacks on Malacca by the Acehnese would continue during the following years, especially in 1570.
The offensive weakened the Portuguese Empire. In the 1570s, the Sultan of the Moluccas was able to repel the Portuguese from the Spice Islands. 

</doc>
<doc id="30947546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947546" title="Great Falls College Montana State University">
Great Falls College Montana State University

Great Falls College - Montana State University formerly (MSU-Great Falls COT), is a two-year institution of higher education affiliated with the Montana State University System located in Great Falls, in the U.S. state of Montana. The school offers Associate of Applied Science (AAS), Associate of Science (AS), and Associate of Arts (AA) degrees as well as several Information Technology Certifications.
History.
Great Falls College - Montana State University was established in 1969 along with several other vocational centers at the request of the Montana Legislature to offer training in vocational and technical fields such as adult education, nursing and dental assistant. The Great Falls Vocational-Technical Center was completed in December 1976 and was accredited by the Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges three years later. When the Montana Board of Regents of Higher Education restructured the state's colleges and universities with the goal of streamlining the states higher education in the wake of decreased state funding, the Great Falls Vo-Tech Center was placed under the administration of the Montana State University system and was renamed Montana State University College of Technology – Great Falls.
Programs.
Associate of Applied Science (AAS)
Certificate of Applied Science (CAS)
"100% online * "
Coming soon

</doc>
<doc id="30947548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947548" title="Arlindo">
Arlindo

Arlindo is a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="30947551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947551" title="Paul Janus">
Paul Janus

Paul Scott Janus is a former player in the National Football League. He played with the Carolina Panthers during the 1998 NFL season. The following year he was a member of the Detroit Lions, but did not see any playing time during the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="30947569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947569" title="Global News Agency">
Global News Agency

Global News Agency, formally named Press Research Services, was founded on January 1, 1996 by Francis Mintoff. The agency is based in Florida with bureaus in Casablanca, Clearwater, London, Moscow, Riyadh, Stockholm and Valletta.

</doc>
<doc id="30947570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947570" title="Sergo">
Sergo

Sergo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30947572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947572" title="Lone Star Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation">
Lone Star Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation

The Lone Star Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (LSBJJF) is a governing body for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) that host tournaments in the state of Texas. The federation is presided over by Marcello Salazar, who is a member of Brazilian Top Team. The LSBJJF is currently working to become affiliated with USBJJF and IBJJF. The LSBJJF's main office is located in San Antonio, Texas. 

</doc>
<doc id="30947577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947577" title="Archimedean Upper Conservatory">
Archimedean Upper Conservatory

Archimedean Upper Conservatory is a public charter high school in Miami, Florida. The school opened its doors in August 2008.
Founding Vision and History.
The school's vision is to offer a rigorous, balanced, and nurturing education of the highest possible quality in an effort to prepare students for successful passage all the way through to the best graduate programs in the world and develop lifelong learners capable of sound critical thinking. 
The Archimedean dream began with a desire of a committee of Greek and Greek-Americans in Miami, Florida, who aspired to establish a school that attends, in an unparalleled manner, to the academic, social, and moral growth of its students in a partial-immersion conservatory of mathematics and Greek language.
Archimedean Upper Conservatory (A.U.C.) opened its doors in August 2008 as the newest addition to the Archimedean Academy (K-5) and Archimedean Middle Conservatory (6-8) schools. 
Archimedean Upper Conservatory was accredited in June 2012 by AdvancED (SACS-CASI). Archimedean Academy and Archimedean Middle Conservatory have earned the Blue Ribbon Award.
School Description.
All three Archimedean Schools are conservatories of mathematics and the Greek language seeking to foster thinking skills, well-roundedness, intellectual curiosity, strong work ethics, and sound ethical conduct, believing that all students deserve to reach their full potentials and lead happy, fulfilling, opportunity-rich lives.
A.U.C. is a coeducational, partial Greek immersion charter school spanning grades 9 - 12, enrolling in 2012-13 192 students who enjoy an average class size of 19.2
Students follow an academically rigorous, balanced college preparatory program culminating in a standard Florida high school diploma.
Embodying the motto that for everyone “knowledge equals freedom,” A.U.C., despite its unique and incredibly intensive curriculum, is a public institution open to any Miami-Dade county resident.
The twelve-acre campus is located in the suburban Kendall region of west Miami, Florida, leading to a predominantly Hispanic, working to lower middle class
student body, a majority of which will be considered first generation U.S. college students.
A.U.C. employs 22 full- and part-time faculty, 82% of which hold two or more degrees at the bachelor’s level or higher, with 68% having earned graduate degrees.
Unique Instructional Focus & Bilingual Curriculum.
The Greek Curriculum.
The Upper Conservatory offers an advanced and deep curriculum in mathematics with students taking two courses in mathematics, one taught in English and
the other in Modern Greek, yearly throughout their first three years and one course in mathematics their senior year.
The Greek Curriculum in Mathematics is taught in Modern Greek in a partial immersion instructional setting with the intent of weaving in European
educational elements and enhancing the standard American curriculum.
Similar to Greek mathematics, the Greek language curriculum is taught in a partial immersion manner with students encouraged to think globally and seek official diplomas in Greek as a foreign language issued by the Centre for the Greek Language (C.G.L.), a not-for-profit organization of the Greek Ministry of Education.
Students are exposed to either four years of consecutive Modern Greek language or, by proving mastery through the earning of the official level B-1
diploma for Greek Language attainment, two to three years of Modern Greek and one to two years of Classical Greek.
Through a generous cooperation with the Greek Ministry of Education, native Greeks teachers are sent to help teach the Greek program component which intimately exposes students to a foreign culture and its differing perspectives, opening students’ minds, building cultural tolerance, and augmenting self-awareness and identity.
The American Curriculum.
The American Curriculum includes subjects in Language Arts, non-Greek Foreign Languages, Mathematics, Science, Social Studies, Philosophy, & Art
taught in English and based on Florida‘s Next Generation Sunshine State Standards.
An enhanced science curriculum features mostly honors & Advanced Placement courses, with additional, yearly 1/2-credit pre-AP honors science options.
Students are also exposed to yearly philosophy coursework that seeks to stimulate in students the ability to think deeply and creatively, write effectively,
and contemplate social issues from various points of view.
Four years of mostly honors or Advanced Placement social science and history coursework as well as additional opportunities to further foreign
language competencies with up to two years of French, Spanish, or Latin further serve to develop a well-rounded and deeper understanding of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="30947592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947592" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1937">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1937

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1937 were held in Chamonix, France in February 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="30947599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947599" title="Thomas J. Maloney (judge)">
Thomas J. Maloney (judge)

Thomas J. Maloney (1925–2008) was a judge in Cook County, Illinois who served from 1977 till his indictment for bribery in 1991. Since 1981, the court was being investigated by the FBI in Operation Greylord, and he was eventually convicted on four counts of accepting bribes (including fixing three murder cases). He served 12 years of a 15 year prison term from 1994 to 2007.
The web magazine Judiciary Report has said of Maloney that he "easily qualifies as one of the worst judges in history".
Career.
Thomas Maloney had been a boxer in his youth, and started as a lawyer in 1952. He had underworld connections as a lawyer, and 
shared an office for some time with power broker Edward Vrdolyak. Before joining the bench, he had facilitated a payment to a judge 
who subsequently acquitted Harry Aleman of murder. 
In 1977, Maloney was named a judge by the Illinois Supreme Court, and shortly thereafter he came to be known to attorneys such as Robert Cooley and William Swano and in criminal circles as a judge who could be bought. Generally, the negotiations were arranged and bribes paid through the use of a "bagman," or intermediary. For some years, bailiff Lucius Robinson acted as his bagman, but when the FBI investigations turned up the heat, co-lawyer and friend Robert McGee acted as bagman. 
However, Maloney's public image was that of a tough judge, known for imposing tough sentences and castigating gang members as "the lowest sorts of cowards.". In his courtroom, he sat under a framed portrait of U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall. For a time, he was one of six so-called "heater" judges who were assigned high-profile cases.
In 1988, the FBI pressed charges based on Operation Greylord and the associated Operation Gambat, and a grand jury proceedings were initiated. Erstwhile bagman Robinson testified, under a grant of immunity. At the time, Maloney was continuing to practice. 
In June 1991, Maloney was indicted, causing considerable surprise in Cook County. In the ensuing trial, he claimed in his defense that Swano and Robinson had operated a scam known as "rainmaking," where the participants never pass the bribe along to the judge. However, Maloney's financial records indicated that he had purchased "buying hundreds of money orders with cash from unknown sources", in order to hide the fact that he was spending more money than he received from all legitimate sources. On April 16, 1993, the jury convicted Maloney on all counts.
Convicted cases.
In the eventual trial (1991–1994), the jury found convincing evidence in the four following cases:
Impact.
After Maloney was convicted, a number of cases involving El Rukn members were re-opened. 
Altogether, seventeen judges were sentenced in the investigations into Operation Greylord. However, as the Chicago Tribune put it in his obituary, 
Maloney was "the first — and remains the only — Cook County judge to be convicted of rigging murder cases for cash". Mental Floss describes it as
"the worst of the worst was the not-so-honorable Thomas J. Maloney". 
Other cases involving judges accepting cash in murder cases include James McGettrick of the Cuyahoga County Court.
Bracey vs Glamey.
In 1981, the gangster William J. Bracey was convicted of triple murder and sentenced to
death by Maloney. After Maloney's conviction, he claimed that his judgment be
investigated for possibly being influenced by bribery. The Supreme Court in 1997 held that a sufficient factual case had been made for discovery of facts in the matter under habeas corpus law.

</doc>
<doc id="30947619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947619" title="Libpolo">
Libpolo

libpolo is a graphics, sound and network library written in C, and designed for educational environments. Libpolo is free and open-source software, subject to the requirements of the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2 or any later.
It is aimed towards students learning the C and C++ programming languages, and is very suitable for high school and first-year university courses.
Its functionality is built around the GLUT library. It provides a streamlined interface, also allowing full access to the OpenGL API.
It is cross-platform, and works under Linux, Microsoft Windows, OS X.

</doc>
<doc id="30947631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947631" title="The Way You Love Me (Faith Hill song)">
The Way You Love Me (Faith Hill song)

"The Way You Love Me" is a song written by Keith Follesé and Michael Dulaney, and recorded by American country music artist Faith Hill. It was released in February 2000 as the second single from her "Breathe" album. This song spent four weeks at number 1 on the "Billboard" Country charts in May 2000 and peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on December 30, 2000. 
Music video.
The music video for "The Way You Love Me" was directed by Joseph Kahn. It first aired on television the week of August 21, 2000. The music video shows Faith as many different characters. It shows Faith as a mom, meteorologist, waitress, heiress, and nurse. 
There was also a remix video using the "Love To Infinity Remix". The only difference is that Faith is shown as two extra characters, a police officer and a robber. Jennette McCurdy best known as Sam Puckett on iCarly, was also featured in the video as Hill's daughter in the backseat of a station wagon.
Track listings.
US CD single
US maxi-CD
US vinyl, 12", promo
Europe maxi-CD

</doc>
<doc id="30947632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947632" title="The Way You Love Me">
The Way You Love Me

The Way You Love Me may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30947654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947654" title="CMR Institute of Technology">
CMR Institute of Technology

The CMR Institute of Technology (CMRIT) is a private engineering college located in Bangalore, India. CMRIT is an Technical institution affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
History.
CMRIT was founded in 2000 by CMR Jnanadhara Trust.It offers courses like B.E. in 7 areas, M.Tech. in 3 areas, MCA and MBA .
CMR Identity.
The logo was collectively launched by CMR Jananadhara Trust and the CMR Group of Institutions. While the rationale of the identity is rooted in Indian tradition. It is rendered in a contemporary form. Arepresentation of knowledge and learning the logo draws its inspiration from the Hansa, the Swan-a bird which is the carrier of the Goddess Saraswati – the Goddess of Learning.It is said that a Swan with its sensitive beak has the power of discrimination – an ability to distinguish pure milk from a mixture of
milk and water – to distinguish between right and wrong, good and evil. This metaphorical quality of the Swan – of acquiring and applying Knowledge in a discerning manner (for overall good of mankind)appropriately symbolizes the vision of the CMR Group.The wings of the Swan rendered in the alternating flowing lines of blue and white, represent the metaphors of milk and water. The blue standsfor clarity of purpose and the white for purity of vision. The overall form of the logo radiates and sparkles in the calm, self-contained posture of the Swan gliding in the water.
Vision.
To be recognized among the top five colleges in the state, that consistently produces exceptional results while nurturing ethical,
creative and dedicated technology leaders who will add value to an organization...
CMR Mission.
CMRIT aims to achieve its Vision by reaffirming its commitment to the
following
Infrastructure and campus information.
The Infrastructure is excellent. The new mega 3 floor food court and multi-purpose hall was inaugurated recently.
The auditorium (Dwani) is a 750 seater state of the art and well furnished hall.
Activities.
The institute organizes co-curricular and extra curricular activities. Unofficial student groups in the college include:

</doc>
<doc id="30947672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947672" title="Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum">
Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum

Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum (lit. "My Brother is a Hoodlum") is a Filipino drama series developed for TV5 created by Deo J. Fajardo. It stars JC de Vera and Jasmine Curtis-Smith. It is a remake of the original movie where Robin Padilla played the role of Ben, a hoodlum, and Vina Morales, as Bing. The movie was first released in 1991, then a sequel entitled "Miss na Miss Kita: Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum 2" was made the following year. It is produced by Vic Del Rosario Jr., and Manuel V. Pangilinan and it also marks as the first primetime series produced by Viva Television for TV5 after a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="30947688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947688" title="2011 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Singles">
2011 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Singles

Novak Djokovic won the title for the third straight year, defeating Roger Federer in the final 6–3, 6–3. It was Djokovic's 2nd title of the year after his triumph at the 2011 Australian Open and 20th of his career. Djokovic's third title here, means only he and Federer have won this tournament at least three times.

</doc>
<doc id="30947689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947689" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1938">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1938

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1938 were held in Engelberg, Switzerland in February 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="30947723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947723" title="Anthony Lapsley">
Anthony Lapsley

Anthony Lapsley (born February 13, 1980) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Welterweight division. He has also competed for King of the Cage, and Bellator and is the former King of the Cage Welterweight Champion.
Background.
Lapsley was born in Boston, Massachusetts where he lived until he was 11 years old when he moved to Fort Wayne, Indiana. Athletic, Lapsley played various sports including basketball and after his freshman season playing high school football ended, his coach encouraged him to try wrestling. Lapsley began the sport and excelled, earning a state championship but did not continue his career as he did not have the academic requirements to get a scholarship.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Lapsley made his professional mixed martial arts debut in 2006. He quickly amassed an undefeated record of 7-0 before his first loss to Carlo Prater.
Lapsley has fought for a variety of promotions including ShoXC, HDNet Fights and King of the Cage, where he was the Welterweight Champion.
Bellator.
Lapsley made his Bellator debut in 2009 at Bellator 7 where he defeated Ryan Williams via submission.
In January 2011, Bellator announced that Lapsley will be replacing Steve Carl in the and he faced former UFC and Strikeforce veteran, Jay Hieron in the quarterfinals. Lapsley lost via controversial stoppage when referee Josh Rosenthal stopped the bout, believing incorrectly that Lapsley was unconscious from a submission.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In October 2013, it was announced that Lapsley had signed with the UFC. He made his debut against Jason High on November 16, 2013 at UFC 167. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
In his second fight for the promotion, Lapsley faced Albert Tumenov at UFC Fight Night 40 on May 10, 2014. He lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Personal life.
Lapsley has eight children.

</doc>
<doc id="30947727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947727" title="Oryxa">
Oryxa

Oryxa is a genus of insects in the hemipteran family Flatidae. They live on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra, and in Malaysia.
The genus was established in 1902 by Leopold Melichar in his monograph of the families Acanaloniidae and Flatidae. Melichar designated Carl Linnaeus' "O. truncata" to be the type species of his new genus, but Melichar's specimens were not of the species described by Linnaeus. A replacement name of "Oryxa melichari" was therefore chosen for Melichar's species; the status of Linnaeus' species remains unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="30947754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947754" title="PHPIDS">
PHPIDS

PHPIDS (PHP Intrusion Detection System) is an open source PHP Web Application Intrusion Detection System. It was written by Mario Heiderich, Christian Matthies, Lars H. Strojny and several others in March 2007. It was then ported into other frameworks later on, and distributed under the LGPL License.
Goal.
The main goal is to give every PHP programmer the ability of finding intrusion data coming from client to php web application. Speed up Php application development by reducing the amount of time and money needed to spend on application security.
Features.
PHPIDS detects Cross-site scripting (XSS), SQL injection, header injection, Directory traversal, Remote File Execution, Local File Inclusion, Denial of Service (DoS). It is simple to use and well structured. It provides impact of every attack by analyzing any chosen input variables as POST, GET, SESSION, COOKIE.
Forks to other Software.
PHPIDS module adds a security layer for Drupal 
Mute Screamer - is a WordPress plugin based on PHPIDS 
PHPIDS Extension for MediaWiki developed 
ZIDS - PHPIDS module developed to add extra security to Zend Framework Applications 
px_phpids - an extension developed for Typo3 based on PHPIDS 
dotnetids - a similar project as PHPIDS to secure ASP.NET Applications written in vb.net 
ModSecurity is a web application layer firewall uses the PHPIDS default filter rules in their packages.
Criticism.
PHPIDS tries to apply several regular expressions to detect known bad. By doing so, it basically applies the blacklist approach, combined with efforts to detect unknown patterns by applying heuristics. Any blacklist approach can be criticised to fail detecting currently unknown bad, and this approach requires the administrator of any application to constantly update this library to stay current with new attack vectors.
Furthermore, using PHPIDS as the primary means of application security will lead developers into wrongly assume their product is safe, which might not be correct. Additionally, the output of a PHPIDS check is not a binary value, but rather some integer value of unclear significance, which has to be evaluated by the developer, and then apply appropriate steps in the context of the application. The positive side of this method is that the developer has to think about which level of attack value he thinks is appropriate, but on the other hand any single attack, even with low impact value, might help compromise the applications security.
A better approach would be to apply secure programming tactics independent of any IDS system and create a secure application. Adding PHPIDS on top of that might enable the application to detect malicious users, possibly tagging them as being evil, and alert the administrator or log any attacks detected for later review. These steps have to be added by the application developers themselves, as PHPIDS does not offer such features.
Detecting possible attacks via regular expressions has a slight performance penalty on the application.

</doc>
<doc id="30947755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947755" title="Ashley Fink">
Ashley Fink

Ashley Rae Fink (born November 20, 1986) is an American actress and singer, known for her role as Lauren Zizes in the television series "Glee", and also as Carter McMahon in "Huge".
Personal life.
Fink was born in Houston, Texas, began acting at the age of four after stealing the lead in her school's holiday play. After moving to Los Angeles with her family, Ashley immersed herself in acting and began attending an Arts High School, where she began performing for large audiences as leads in "The Wizard of Oz" (as the Lion) and "You're a Good Man Charlie Brown" (as Lucy), to name a few. Fink has said that she was bullied in high school, but that she did not let it get to her. Fink has an older sister named Stephanie and two younger sisters named Amanda and Amy.
Career.
Ashley came to Hollywood when she starred in the Tribeca Film Festival hit "Fat Girls". She has made multiple TV appearances; she has appeared on "Make It or Break It", is the recurring character Lauren Zizes on Fox's "Glee" and starred as Carter McMahon on the ABC Family show "Huge". She also appeared in the Walt Disney Pictures film "You Again" starring Betty White, Jamie Lee Curtis and Sigourney Weaver, and in her indie horror cult hit "All About Evil" appearing beside Mink Stole, Cassandra Peterson, Natasha Lyonne and Thomas Dekker. Ashley has also recently broke into filmmaking herself by producing her first short starring Camille Winbush titled "Olivia", which just had its premiere at the Frameline film festival in San Francisco.
Fink was cast as Lauren Zizes on the Fox television series "Glee", making her initial appearance in the first season episode "Wheels" as a champion high school wrestler and cheerleader tryout candidate. She made irregular appearances until the ninth episode of the second season, "Special Education", when she was tapped to become the glee club's twelfth member after Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) transferred to another school. Fink has said that "I was obsessed with Glee before I was a big part of it and I’ve steadily been on it for a while. When I got the script I joined the glee club I texted Chris Colfer and said, 'I think I just joined the Glee club?' I didn’t quite believe it at first, I thought I was getting 'Punk'd. She remained in the glee club for the rest of the season, and was given storylines of her own. Critics have responded well to her portrayal of Lauren. Robert Canning of "IGN" praised Fink's performance as Lauren, and said of the "Silly Love Songs" episode where Puck (Mark Salling) falls in love with her, "I can't decide if I want to root for this couple, but I certainly know I'm going to be rooting for Lauren." Fink received several positive reviews for her performance in "Comeback", in which she sang her first—and so far only—solo on the show, a cover of "I Know What Boys Like" by The Waitresses. The song was released as a single, but it did not chart, nor was it included on a "Glee" soundtrack album. While Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" found Lauren's relationship with Puck in "Comeback" "a lot less assured" than in the previous episode, "Silly Love Songs", Sandra Gonzalez of "Entertainment Weekly" deemed their scenes "as endearing as they are unrealistic". "CNN" Lisa Respers France commented that she was beginning to really like Lauren, and noted that "for me Lauren represents how Ryan Murphy is able to take the concept of the outcast, flip it on its ear and shove it back in our faces with a side order of fabulousness." Despite the positive response by critics and fans alike, the series Season 3 premiere, "The Purple Piano Project", revealed that Fink's character would not be returning as a member of McKinnley High's glee club, "New Directions". While she appeared in a non-speaking role in the Season 3 episode "Asian F" and series creator Murphy alluded to her character's reentry into the plot through interactions with Kurt Hummel, Fink confirmed near the end of Season 3 that she would not be returning to the series. However, it has been confirmed she will reprise her role as a guest star in season 4 for the episode Sadie Hawkins, set to air January 24, 2013. This will mark her last appearance in the show.
Fink also appears in the music video for Stacie Orrico's 2004 hit "I Could Be the One."

</doc>
<doc id="30947760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947760" title="Esa'ala Cave">
Esa'ala Cave

The Esa'ala Cave is a large partially unexplored cave in the Esa'ala District of Papua New Guinea.
In popular culture.
The 2011 3D action thriller adventure drama film "Sanctum", directed by Alister Grierson and produced by James Cameron, was inspired by true events that occurred at a cave site under the Nullarbor Plain in Australia. In the film the events take place in the so-called Esa'ala Cave system in Papua New Guinea. The actual cave pictured in the "Sanctum", where the actors jumped into, was the "Cave of Swallows" located in Mexico.
Sanctum was inspired by Andrew Wight's near-death experience when he took an expedition of 15 divers into a remote underwater cave system. A landslide trapped 13 expedition members, who waged a two-day battle for survival and eventually all 13 were rescued. Wight had escaped the initial landslide.

</doc>
<doc id="30947785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947785" title="2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Singles">
2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Singles

David Ferrer successfully defended his title by defeating Nicolás Almagro 7–6(4), 6–7(2), 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30947786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947786" title="Master of Entertainment">
Master of Entertainment

Master of Entertainment (m.o.e.) is a Pony Canyon label responsible for production in various anime works. Their name is based on the term moe (slang) as they primarily produce "cute" anime.

</doc>
<doc id="30947793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947793" title="National road 43 (Poland)">
National road 43 (Poland)

National road 43 is a national road in Poland. It runs through Lódź, Opole and Silesian, and is in length. The highway connects Wieluń with Częstochowa. The road runs concurrent with national road 42 between Rudniki and Jaworzno for approximately 4 km, and has a short concurrency with national road 46 in Częstochowa.
Current Status.
The condition of roads is the worst in the Opole voivodeship on the stretch from the roundabout at Jaworzno to the border with the Silesian voivodeship in Julianpol (non-normative approximately 6 meters in width and rut) - Episode provided for reconstruction in 2011. GDDKiA branch in Katowice plans to rehabilitate the road between Kłobuck and Krzepice and, in places, and Opatów & Waleńczów - created such as: pedestrian-bicycle, separate lanes for turning left, will be strengthened construction of the road.
Łódź branch of GDDKiA planned reconstruction of the road in the Lódź voivodeship. This segment consists of Wieluń's streets and a fragment of Piłsudski Street. For this purpose, two announced a tender for the reconstruction of the documentation. None of the auctions have failed to resolve, and therefore it was decided only on the renewal of this road section. Renewal of the road was conducted in August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30947802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947802" title="MW3">
MW3

MW3 or variant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30947810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947810" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1939">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1939

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1939 were held in Zakopane, Poland in February 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="30947832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947832" title="College Magazine">
College Magazine

College Magazine is a college-guide and quarterly magazine written and edited by college students created in 2007 by publisher and founder Amanda Nachman. Both site and magazine feature articles on academic advice, career tips, student success stories, NCAA sports features, sex questions and celebrity interviews. Past issues have featured musicians, athletes and celebrities including Mike Posner, Kate Voegel, Sarah Bareillis, Nastia Liukin, Kim Kardashian, Glenn Howerton and Chelsea Handler.
As of 2011, the print publication reaches 200,000 students at 14 universities in Washington D.C., Maryland, Philadelphia and Florida.
History.
Nachman developed College Magazine during her senior year of college for an entrepreneurship class at the University of Maryland and launched the first issue of College magazine in September 2007. The first issue was distributed solely in College Park. The next year, the company landed $150K of seed funding. By early 2009, 45 students and a lecturer were writing regularly for the magazine.
College Magazine articles are written by students and the cover-features focus on students with unique success stories. Nachman said of the publication, “I wanted this to be more than just a how-to guide… This is a chance for other students to be inspired by their peers’ experiences.” 
In April 2009, College Magazine's business plan won first prize in the U. Maryland "Cupid's Cup" Business Competition sponsored by Kevin Plank.
Contributors.
Magazine editors and staff writers are students from universities nationwide. Most find out about the magazine through journalism listservs or online and apply online at collegemagazine.com with a writing sample and details of where they've been published before. Editors must have previous experience writing and editing for a college level publication as well as leadership experiences. College Magazine has five section editors to oversee the main website sections: Success, Social Life, Sex & Dating, College Sports and Entertainment.
Features.
The site and the print magazine provide student written articles on the topics of sex, academic and career success, social life, celebrities and entertainment. Articles include interviews with experts in their fields, professors, students and celebrities.
The website also includes an internship database with listings of opportunities for students at companies nationwide, and weekly blogs "This Week in Entertainment" and "The Four Year Blog".

</doc>
<doc id="30947843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947843" title="Swallow Bluff Island Mounds">
Swallow Bluff Island Mounds

The Swallow Bluff Island Mounds (40HR16) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located near Saltillo on an island in the Tennessee River in Hardin County, Tennessee.
Site.
The Swallow Bluff Island Mound Site is the northernmost outpost of the Mississippian culture Shiloh polity, a group of communities centered on the much larger Shiloh or Savannah Mound Sites. The site featured two platform mounds, a plaza and a village area. When Clarence Bloomfield Moore visited the site in 1914 he recorded the larger mounds dimensions as a square base, diameter top platform area and as being in height. Excavations in 2003 revealed the mound had been built up in four different construction stages. Moore also described the mound as being very close to the river, although he did not record how close. By the late twentieth century the river had encroached onto the mound and by the early 2000s a significant amount of it had been eroded away.
Excavations.
In his 1914 visit C. B. Moore dug into the main mound looking for pottery and other artifacts. He found over twenty stone box graves at the summit of the mound. After his visit the site would go without notice again, except by locals and looters, for almost seventy years. In the early 1980s archaeologist Gerald Smith visited the site to investigate suspected pot looters holes, although they may actually been the remnants of Moore's "excavations". After a disastrous flood in 2003, archaeological surveys and excavations were undertaken to learn as much about the mound as possible before it was completely claimed by the river.

</doc>
<doc id="30947845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947845" title="NCAA Season 63 basketball tournaments">
NCAA Season 63 basketball tournaments

The 1987 NCAA basketball tournaments were the 63rd year of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines)' basketball tournaments. The Letran Knights successfully defended their championship in the seniors' division, while the San Beda Red Cubs clinched their first juniors' championship after returning from a leave of absence.
Seniors' tournament.
Elimination round.
Format:
First round team standings.
Season host is boldfaced.<br>
Second round team standings.
Season host is boldfaced.<br>
Cumulative standings.
In the first round, San Sebastian clinched the 1st round pennant after winning against Letran in their game, after losing against Perpetual Help.
Letran denied San Sebastian the outright championship after a 94–91 overtime victory at the Rizal Memorial Coliseum. With Letran up, Jerry Ruiz fouled San Sebastian's Arnold Adlawan with .9 seconds left in regulation; Adlawan scored on a free-throw to tie the game 82–all. In the overtime period, Letran never trailed as American foreign-student William Johnson and Roberto Ruiz prevented San Sebastian's Eugene Quilban and foreign-student Napoleon Hatton from scoring. On the final three seconds of overtime, Letran's Fernando Libed, who is under medication for hepatitis, secured the win after a three point play off a foul from Hatton.
Finals.
Game 1.
National team player Paul Alvarez was sparingly fielded in by Stags coach Francis Rodriguez in preparation for Game 2. The Stags led early, but Letran had a 14–4 run to tied the score 58–all for the first time; Erwin Santos scored for Letran to put them up for the first time, 68–67 with 9:30 left in the game. Saturnino Garrido then scored all of his eight points in the final six minutes to bring the lead back to SSC for good at 75–68 with 6:27 left. Letran's center Alberto David fouled out which the Stags used to their advantage off quick baskets from Garrido and Eugene Quilban for an 81–70 lead. Letran cut the deficit to 79–87 but the Quilban and Napoleon Hatton scored on the final two minutes to prevent the Knights from a come-from-behind victory.
Game 2.
After taking the halftime lead 50–47, Letran and San Sebastian remained close, but Letran pulled away in the fourth quarter off team captain Fernando Libed's eight points to give Letran an 84–79 lead. The Stags rallied to tie the game 90–all after trailing by eight points: Alvarez scored on a fastbreak and two free-throws off a foul from David, Garrido scored on a jump-shot, then Quilban converted on a lay-up to tie the score. Robert Ruiz scored on two free-throws for Letran off Garrido's foul to put Letran up, 92–90. Rookie Erwin Santos, playing for Libed who was suffering from cramps, blocked Garrido's shot with 14 seconds remaining; with three seconds left, he then intercepted Alvarez' pass to Arnold Adlawan. The Stags then resorted to fouling Ruiz, who made one of his two free-throws as time expired to tie the series for a deciding third game.
Game 3.
San Sebastian led 31–18 when SSC coach Tolentino placed Hatton or Allan de los Reyes as safety men to prevent Letran's fastbreaks. Hatton scored six more points to extend SSC's lead to 37–25, but William Johnson and Arthur Ayson scored for Letran to cut the lead to eight 29–37 at the half. Letran scored on fastbreaks to seize the lead 45–40 but Alvarez and Hatton scored to bring back the lead to the Stags 58–53 with 5:54 to go. Further scoring from the two gave the Stags a 62–55 edge with 4:52 left. San Sebastian then opted to dribble away at their possessions, including waiving their free-throw attempts, while Letran cut the SSC lead to one point 62–61. At the last SSC possession, Quilban dribbled away at the top of the key, but the ball got stranded at the low post that resulted in a missed shot from Rizaldo Bade. Roberto Ruiz grabbed the rebound for Letran, passed to David at midcourt who passed the ball to Ayson. Ayson passed the ball to Libed, who drove to the basket and converted a jump-shot off the Stags' Melchor Teves, de los Reyes and Hatton with 1.2 seconds left, to secure Letran's defense of the championship. Letran coach Eddie Reyes wore the same shirt he won on the 1986 championship-clinching game also against San Sebastian. The Letran faithful gave their Santo Niño a victory ride after the game's conclusion.
Juniors' tournament.
The San Beda Red Cubs won the juniors' championship, their first after their return from a leave of absence from 1983 to 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="30947851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947851" title="Ethan Place">
Ethan Place

John Ethan Place is a Marine Corps sniper. In Fallujah, the then-twenty-year-old sniper scored 32 confirmed kills in thirteen days, from April 11 to April 24, 2004. He received the Silver Star, the military's third highest award.
He later took part in a History Channel show called "Sniper: One Shot/One Kill", which showed him and his spotter taking out three terrorists. Place kills the driver of the vehicle with a head shot from 500 meters away. His spotter takes out the passenger, and Ethan kills the last individual with a center mass shot and saves his company (Echo) from a potential threat.

</doc>
<doc id="30947865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947865" title="E.A. Coffin">
E.A. Coffin

E.A. Coffin was a Rear Admiral in the United States Coast Guard.
Biography.
Coffin was born Eugene Augusts Coffin on March 10, 1888 in Foochow, China. He married three times. First, to Nancy Jamison in 1911, who died in 1918 and with whom he had two sons. Second, to Peggy Powers in 1919, with whom he had two daughters. Third, to Marjorie Barber-Hite on August 28, 1948. Coffin died on January 20, 1972 and was buried at sea.
Career.
Coffin first joined the Coast Guard in 1907. He would be stationed out of Boston, Massachusetts, Portland, Maine, New Bern, North Carolina, New York, New York, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin in the earlier part of his career. In 1917 he became of the Coast Guard's first aviators.
During World War I he served as an executive officer and chief of staff at Rockaway Naval Air Station. From 1924 to 1928 he held command of the USS Terry (DD-25). Later he commanded the USS Welborn C. Wood (DD-195) from 1931 to 1933 and the USCGC Taney (WHEC-37) from 1936 to 1940. His retirement was effective as of April 1, 1950.
He was awarded the Legion of Merit and the World War I Victory Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="30947898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947898" title="Munther Dajani Daoudi">
Munther Dajani Daoudi

Munther Suleiman Dajani Daoudi منذر سليمان الدجاني الداوودي is Dean at Al Quds Bard Honors College and former Dean of the Faculty of Arts at Al-Quds University in Jerusalem and Director of the Issam Sartawi Centre for the Advancement of Peace and Democracy. He is also the co-founder of the "Wasatiyya" ("Moderation") movement that is committed to finding alternatives to extremism on both sides of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. He has written extensively on Palestinian issues as well as on economics and democracy. From 1996 to 1997 he was Director General of the Palestinian Ministry of Economy and Trade. His next position was as Director of Research at the Palestinian Centre for Regional Studies, which he held until 1999. He then established Political Science and Diplomatic Studies at Al Quds University and became the department head.
Personal life.
Dajani was born in the old city of Jerusalem in Souk el Bazar on February 22, 1951 to Sulieman Dajani and Abla Aweidah. He is the youngest of four, two brothers Mohammed and Muhsen, and sister May. He is married to Dr. Khuloud Khayyat, with whom he fathers three children: Adi (1985), Dara (1986), and Dina (1990).
The Dajani family is one of the prominent five families of Jerusalem, and Daoudi comes from being custodians of Prophet (King) David's Tomb on Mount Zion. The Dajani family has been the custodians of Prophet (King) David’s Tomb on Mount Zion for eight hundred years.
Education.
Dajani began his education at the Friends School in Ramallah, continued at Victory College in Ma'adi, Egypt, then moved back to Jerusalem to graduate from St George’s School. As all students of his generation, he has witnessed several major wars in the region and lived under occupation until he left Palestine to pursue education in the United States of America.
He earned his BSc degree in Management Systems and Social Sciences in 1974,and in 1975 he also earned a Masters degree in Social Studies, Economics, History & Political Sciences. In 1981, he earned another Masters degree, and later in 1982, he received his Doctoral degree from University Of Texas at Austin where he graduated with High Distinction in 1982. By the time he finished his Doctoral degree dissertation on Initiative for Peace in the Middle East: Conflict and Conflict Resolution, he and his elder brother Mohammed had two manuscripts at major publishing houses: Routledge, in London, where they published their first book in 1983, "Economic Sanctions: Ideal and Experience", and Westview Press, in Colorado, where they published their second book on the Arab oil embargo.
Career.
Later on he moved to Amman and joined the University of Jordan in Amman where he published more than five books and several articles, and served in different capacities at the university and outside.
In 1995, Upon his father's death from cancer, Dajani left Jordan with his wife and three children to move back and settle in Jerusalem where he became a peace activist and a public servant as the Director General of the Ministry of Economy and Trade in Palestine. In the meantime, he was appointed Director to the Palestinian Center for Regional Studies (Pal-CRS), and he also taught as part time Professor at both Birzeit University and Al Quds University until 1999.
Dajani resigned from three positions in PNA to go back to teaching. In 1999, he joined Al Quds University as Professor and Chair of the Political Science Department which he founded. Also served as Director of the Issam Sartawi Center for the Advancement of Peace. During this time, he participated in tens of conferences on the Peace Process, he was involved in second track diplomacy as a group of academics began to meet to overcome some of the complicated problems, and he was awarded several Medals and Awards' certificates by many International and regional organizations.
In January 2006, he was Knighted by the Italian President. Later that year in November, he attended the 28th World Federation Japanese Religionists Conference for World Peace in Tokyo, where he concluded that "The Palestinians have to give up their big dream of historical Palestine and to accept the 1967 borders for their State. Similarly, the Israelis have to give up their dream of Greater Israel and to accept the land of Israel to be within the 1948 borders." Two years later, in April 2008, he was one of the main speakers at the Doha Debates: "This House believes the Palestinians risk becoming their own worst enemy" in Qatar.
Today, Dr. Dajani is a Professor of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Arts at Al Quds University. On August 10, 2010, he was recommended for his work by colleague Samira Barghouthi, the Vice President of International Cooperation at the University, for being a good speaker on issues in the fields of Humanities. "I heard him a few times speaking about the politics in the Middle East and it was fascinating how he blends the presentation of facts, analyses the possible future solutions, and ties everything to history in a subtle way", she says "Munther is the most caring Dean as he treats both students and Faculty with the utmost respect and patience".
See also.
Wasatiyyah Institute Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="30947905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947905" title="Peter Nansen">
Peter Nansen

Peter Nansen (20 January 1861 - 31 July 1918) was a Danish novelist, journalist, and publisher.
He is best known as the author of the novels "Julie's Diary", "Marie", and "God's Peace", which together constitute "Love's Trilogy". "Marie" in particular became in short order very highly esteemed, and Pierre Bonnard's illustrations (which appeared in 1897 in La Revue Blanche) for the novel were much admired by Renoir. An English translation of "Love's Trilogy" by Julia Le Gallienne (the second wife of Richard Le Gallienne) appeared in 1908.
He was born in Copenhagen and worked for two decades for the publishing house Gyldendal. It was in his capacity as an editor at Gyldendal that he famously told Sigrid Undset not to attempt to write any more historical novels because she had "no talent for it".
His second wife was the actress Betty Nansen. He died in 1918 in Mariager, a small town in central Denmark.
He is generally regarded as having been very much influenced by the critic Georg Brandes.

</doc>
<doc id="30947920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947920" title="Sherbrooke municipal election, 2001">
Sherbrooke municipal election, 2001

The 2001 Sherbrooke municipal election was held on November 4, 2001, to elect a mayor and city councillors in Sherbrooke, Quebec. The communities of Brompton and Lennoxville also elected borough councillors, who do not serve on the city council.
Results.
Councillors.
"Source: "Election 2001 Sherbrooke & Townships," Sherbrooke Record, 6 November 2001, p. 4."

</doc>
<doc id="30947929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947929" title="Behera">
Behera

Behera is generally known as the main head of Dandapat Anchala in Kalahandi. Behera is a hill town and Gram Panchayat of Dharamgarh Tehsil. It is maintaining distance of 20 km from Dharamgarh and 14 km from Athara-Nala forest.Behera Dam is situated near by which is 18 km from the village. This place is worth visiting and a good picnic spot. This small hill town is surrounded by forests and is situated nearly to a very well known tourist place Dokrichanchra of Kalahandi. Behera is 65 km distance from its District Main City Bhawanipatna, and 560 km distance from its State Capital Bhubaneswar. Lack of infrastructure facilities like roads and banking services are hindrances to the development of this area. Local public demands a Block (panchayat samiti), but political leaders have neglected improvements to this area. Behera is also lacking established banking services. In the past, the area was famous for Ghumura dance and Banabadi.
Demographics.
According to census 2001, Total Population of Behera was 4,948, where it constitutes 49% of male and 51% female.
Behera had a total literacy population of 1,947, from which male literacy 71% and female literacy 29%. Total SC population of the town was 926 and Total ST population was 946. As per census 2011 it is estimated that the population of Behera is near about 5700.
Written and spoken languages.
The chief communicative language of the village is Kosli or Sambalpuri. Hindi is treated as the second language for communication. English and Oriya are used for official purpose only.
Cultivation.
Generally in Behera, many kinds of cereal and pulses are cultivated, mainly paddy and maize. It is a market place for surrounding small villages, and is also one of the main grain collection centers in Kalahandi District. Most people are dependent on agriculture as their source of income. Two rice mills are situated here to process the paddy. Rice is the main grain which is cultivated in this area. Nearly 2 lakh quintals of paddy and one lakh quintals of maize are collected and produced here.
CULTIVATION OF MUSTARD FLOWER IN BEHERA

</doc>
<doc id="30947933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947933" title="Students' Choice Award for Favorite Actress">
Students' Choice Award for Favorite Actress

The Students' Choice Award for Favorite Actress("Chinese: 北京大学生电影节最受欢迎女演员奖") is a main category of Beijing Student Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="30947935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947935" title="Ozbek Han Mosque">
Ozbek Han Mosque

The Ozbek Han Mosque () is located in Staryi Krym, Ukraine. The Ozbek Han Mosque is the oldest mosque in Crimea, built during the reign of Uzbeg Khan in 1314.
History.
Until the 14th century Staryi Krym was known as Solkhat, a prospering city during the reign of the Golden Horde. Early Crimean Khans had their capital in Solkhat until the first part of the 16th century, when the capital was moved to Bakhchisaray, and Solkhat gradually lost its importance as a cultural and economic center.
The Ozbek Han Mosque was built in 1314 and the madrasah, adjacent to the southern wall of the mosque, was built by Inci Hatun, daughter of Kilburun Bey, in 1332. Only the ruins of the madrasah remain today. The mosque has a square floor plan, which reveals architectural features similar to those found in Anatolia during the Seljuk period. A unique feature of the mosque is its monumental entrance with a carved wooden door.
Today, Staryi Krym has a small but devoted Crimean Tatar population, and the Ozbek Han Mosque is once again functioning as a place of worship.

</doc>
<doc id="30947936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947936" title="Students' Choice Award for Favorite Actor">
Students' Choice Award for Favorite Actor

The Students' Choice Award for Favorite Actor("Chinese: 北京大学生电影节最受欢迎男演员奖") is a main category of Beijing Student Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="30947938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947938" title="List of Chairmen of the State Council of Imperial Russia">
List of Chairmen of the State Council of Imperial Russia

The Chairmen of the State Council of Imperial Russia

</doc>
<doc id="30947939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947939" title="John Degenkolb">
John Degenkolb

John Degenkolb (born 7 January 1989) is a German professional road bicycle racer riding for the UCI ProTeam .
In 2010 he won his first stage race, the Thüringen Rundfahrt, and finished second in the under 23 race at the Road World Championship. His biggest wins so far in his career are the 2014 Gent–Wevelgem, five stages at the 2012 Vuelta a España, two stages of the 2011 Critérium du Dauphiné, the 2013 Vattenfall Cyclassics and the overall winner of the 2012 UCI Europe Tour.
Professional career.
Degenkolb won the overall classification of the 2012 Tour de Picardie, where he prevailed in the first and third stages of the 3-stage race. The time bonuses helped him secure the overall win.
On 19 August 2012, Degenkolb took his first stage win on a Grand Tour, stage 2 of the Vuelta a España concluding in Viana. On the slightly rising finish, he crossed the line before Allan Davis of and 's Ben Swift. He repeated the exploit on stage 5, a flat affair in Logroño. Degenkolb came around Daniele Bennati, who had opened a decent gap in the last , and crossed the line with a slight margin over the rider.
With the points classification jersey on his shoulders, he took his third win of the Vuelta on stage 7, which came to an end with a lap around the Alcañiz race circuit. After what he qualified as a pretty mellow race on stage 10, Degenkolb came out as the victor again in Sanxenxo, sprinting hard on the uphill false-flat, edging Frenchman Nacer Bouhanni of . He finished the Vuelta with five victories, including the coveted last stage in Madrid, where he concluded his second participation in a Grand Tour with another win.
Degenkolb followed these successes by another sprint victory at the Grand Prix d'Isbergues and a fourth place on the hilly UCI Road World Championships taking place in Valkenburg behind winner Philippe Gilbert ().
Degenkolb's credentials in 2013 started in May with a stage victory at the Giro d'Italia, his first win in the Italian Grand Tour. For the Tour de France, Degenkolb acted as a lead-out man for his teammate Marcel Kittel, who won 4 stages. Degenkolb then went on to win the 2013 World Tour race Vattenfall Cyclassics in his homeland, besting Andre Greipel to the line in the final. In October, Degenkolb won two races on French soil in less than a week, Paris-Bourges and then the 1.HC Paris–Tours.

</doc>
<doc id="30947946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947946" title="Maidensgrove">
Maidensgrove

Maidensgrove is a hamlet above the Stonor valley in the Chiltern Hills, adjacent to Russell's Water common. It is about northwest of Henley-on-Thames in South Oxfordshire, England. 
There is a 16th-century public house called The Five Horseshoes at nearby Upper Maidensgrove. The Chiltern Way and Oxfordshire Way long distance paths pass close by and the Warburg Nature Reserve is to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="30947951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947951" title="Alfa Romeo Portello Plant">
Alfa Romeo Portello Plant

The Alfa Romeo Portello Plant in Portello Milan, Italy was the first Alfa Romeo factory, and the main factory between 1908 and the 1960s. The factory was closed in 1986, but all major production had already been transferred 20 years earlier to the Alfa Romeo Arese Plant. The history of the factory is primarily involved in automobile manufacture, but over the years other products were manufactured as well.
History.
The first industrial plant was founded by the French company Darracq, which had decided to open a branch in Italy. The site chosen for that purpose was directly adjacent to areas that had hosted the 1906 International fair in Milan. The location was on Via Gattamelata in Milan, on the way to Gallarate, in the then extreme north-western outskirts of the city.
The same area was chosen by other car companies to establish their headquarters or branches, first Isotta Fraschini, then Citroën, FIAT, Carrozzeria Touring, Zagato and the Cesare Sala Bodyworks. The latter was essentially forced to choose that area because of the fact that their activities were closely linked to those of Alfa.

</doc>
<doc id="30947979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947979" title="Vsevolod Rudnev">
Vsevolod Rudnev

Vsevolod Fyodorovich Rudnev ( August 31, 1855 - July 20, 1913) was a career naval officer in the Imperial Russian Navy, noted for his heroic role in the Battle of Chemulpo Bay during the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905.
Biography.
Rudnev was born outside of what is now Riga, Governorate of Livonia in the Russian Empire (now part of Latvia), where his father was a naval officer and a hero of the Russo-Turkish War (1828-1829). His ancestors were local nobility from Tula, Russia, one of whom was also a naval officer who had been decorated by Tsar Peter the Great for valor at the Battle of Azov. After the death of his father, the family relocated to Lyuban, near St Petersburg.
Rudnev entered the Sea Cadets on September 15, 1872 on a government scholarship granted in recognition of his father’s heroism. He entered active duty as a midshipman on May 1, 1873, and participated in training voyages on the Baltic Sea in 1875. After graduating with honors in 1876, he was appointed to a training frigate "Petropavlovsk", reaching the rank of warrant officer. Assigned to the cruiser "Afrika" on April 16, 1880, he circumnavigated the globe, returning to Russia in 1883. One of his shipmates on this voyage was future admiral Vasili Fersen.
Rudnev was assigned to patrol vessels on the Baltic from 1885–1887, and was assigned to sail Russia's first steam military transport, "Peter the Great"., from its shipyards in France to Kronstadt in 1888. 
He also married the same year to Maria Nikolaevna Schwan, whose father, a naval captain was a hero of the Crimean War.
In August 1889, Rudnev was assigned to the cruiser , participated in the maneuvers of the Russian Pacific Fleet. He returned to Krondstat in December 1890 and was given command of a destroyer. He was subsequently made executive officer of the battleship .
In 1893, Rudnev was promoted to junior captain and became executive officer on the battleship , the flagship of Admiral Stepan Makarov's Mediterranean Squadron. He again circumnavigated the globe in 1895, this time on the "Imperator Nikolai I".
On his return to Kronstadt, Rudnev became commander of the coast defense ship "Admiral Greig", and then was appointed commander of the destroyer "Vyborg". In December 1897, Rudnev became commander of the gunboat "Gremyaschi", on which he made his first independent voyage round the world, departing March 1, 1898 and returning safely to Russia on May 15, 1899. A circumnavigation of the globe in such a small vessel was unusual for the time.
In 1900, Rudnev became a senior assistant to the commander of the port in Port Arthur, the main base of the Russian Pacific Fleet. During this time, he oversaw extensive upgrade works to dredge the inner roads, rebuild and extend the dry-dock, electrification and strengthen coastal defense. In December 1901, he was promoted to captain of the first rank.
In December 1902, Rudnev was appointed commander of the . On the eve of the Russo-Japanese War, he was ordered to the neutral Korean port of Chemulpo (modern Inchon) to protect Russian interests. On the morning of February 9, 1904, he received an ultimatum from Imperial Japanese Navy Admiral Uryū Sotokichi demanding that he leave the protection of the port by noon, or be attacked (which would have been a violation of Korean neutrality and international law). Rudnev decided to break out of the port, knowing that he was very much outnumbered and outgunned by the Japanese fleet was waiting offshore for the opportunity to attack. The Japanese fleet blocked the path to the open sea, and a brisk gun battle ensured, with Varyag damaging the Japanese cruisers , and , but taking severe damage in return. Rudnev was injured by a shrapnel wound to the head, and "Varyag" was on fire with half her guns out of commission. Rather than surrender to the Japanese, Rudnev scuttled the cruiser and escaped with his surviving crew to the protection of neutral ships in the harbor, from which they were eventually repatriated to Russia via neutral ports. Although the Battle of Chemulpo Bay was a decisive defeat for Russia, Rudnev was awarded the Order of St. George (4th class) for heroism and promoted to adjutant. He was also assigned command of a new battleship, then under construction. 
In April 1904, Rudnev was given command of the new battleship
Andrei Pervozvannii, whose construction had only recently begun,
and of the Fourteenth Fleet Equipage in St. Petersburg. In
Autumn 1905, however, his good fortune began to wane with his
failure to prevent his crew from holding a meeting to protest the
tsar’s October Manifesto. He was urged to submit his resignation in
November 1905 and was placed on the inactive list, although he was
promoted simultaneously to rear admiral. Rudnev published several
articles in the years until his death eight years later. The Soviet government
erected a monument to his memory in Tula in 1956.
After the Russian Revolution of 1905, Rudnev refused to take disciplinary measures against the revolutionary-minded men of his crew, who had held a meeting to protest the Tsar’s October Manifesto. As a consequence he went into forced retirement with the rank of rear admiral in November 1905.
After the end of the war, in 1907, Japanese Emperor Meiji awarded Rudnev the Order of the Rising Sun, (2nd class), the first Russian to be so honored, and an unprecedented recognition of an enemy commander. Rudnev accepted the order, but never wore it in public.
Rudnev retired to his family's ancestral estate in near Novomoskovsk, Tula Oblast, where he died in 1913. During the Russian Civil War, his wife and three sons relocated to Sevastopol, and eventually fled to exile in Yugoslavia, and later to France.
In philately.
Rudnev was a noted philatelist, starting as a youth, and using every opportunity on his numerous circumnavigations of the globe to add to his collection. He assembled a large collection, containing many rarities, including famed "Blue Mauritius". The eventual fate of his collection is not known.
In the Soviet Union and in post-Soviet Russia a number of commemorative postage stamps were issued honoring Rudnev and/or the crew of the "Varyag", including:

</doc>
<doc id="30947988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30947988" title="Florence War Cemetery">
Florence War Cemetery

Florence War Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of World War II located in Italy near Florence in the locality Girone-Compiobbi (municipality of Fiesole), close to the Arno river.
History.
In November 1944 the site was selected and was originally intended for the soldiers who had died in the hospitals in and around Florence. The majority of the graves are occupied by soldiers who lost their lives fighting in the Florence area after it was captured by allied forces in August 1944. The town was in the middle of the Arno Line, defensive positions formed by the retreating German forces, and the bodies of the soldiers killed during fighting from July to September 1944 are buried here.
83 graves from the nearby Arrow Route Cemetery were moved here after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="30948048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948048" title="Kenny Ward">
Kenny Ward

Kenny Ward (born 16 August 1963 in Blairhall) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Cowdenbeath, Forfar, St. Johnstone, Hamilton, Dunfermline, Falkirk and Clydebank.

</doc>
<doc id="30948053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948053" title="Khelil Bouhageb">
Khelil Bouhageb

Khelil Bouhageb (born Tunis, August 27, 1863 - died La Marsa, February 8, 1942) was a Tunisian politician and reformer. He served as Prime Minister of Tunisia from 1926 to 1932, after the death of Mustapha Dinguizli. Bouhageb was the son of Sheikh Salem Bouhageb; his brother was the doctor Hassine Bouhageb.

</doc>
<doc id="30948061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948061" title="Rachel Marley">
Rachel Marley

Rachel Claire Marley (born 26 April 1990 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian singer and actress. She is the daughter of Grant Marley and Kathy Marley. Marley graduated St Vincent's College, Potts Point in Sydney and studies at Lasalle College of the Arts in Singapore.
Marley grew up in Sydney and was inspired to become a singer from a young age. Her first major role came in The Sound of Music as Marta. She starred alongside Lisa McCune, John Waters and Bert Newton.
After performing as Marta in Sydney, Marley won the prize role of Annie, in the Australian production of Annie which premiered in December 2000. Marley starred alongside Anthony Warlow. Marley performed the song Tomorrow at Carols In The Domain in December 2000 after arriving by helicopter.
For her performances in both the Sound of Music and Annie, Marley was awarded the Young Entertainer of the Year award in 2002 (Ricky May Heart Award).
Marley has been attending Lasalle College of the Arts in Singapore. Recent performances have seen her playing the nine-year-old Guido in a production of Nine. And Olive Ostrovsky in the 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee. A highlight of which was Marley's performance of The I Love You Song. In November 2010, Marley played three roles in The Heidi Chronicles; Jill, Lisa and Denise. Marley has also appeared in productions of Blood Wedding, Sweet Charity and Siren.
Marley is currently in the final year of her study, and in February 2012 will be starring as Martha in Spring Awakening. This shall be in Singapore with the PANGDEMONiUM! production company.

</doc>
<doc id="30948078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948078" title="Nikolai Kuzmin">
Nikolai Kuzmin

Nikolai Nikolayevich Kuzmin () (3 April 1883, Saint Petersburg – 8 February 1938) was a Soviet political and military leader. He was the political Commisar of the Baltic Fleet during the time of the Russian Civil War.
Kuzmin Graduated from St Petersburg University and joined the Bolshevik Movement in 1903. He participated in the 1905 revolution. In 1917 he was a member of the military organisation of the Central Committee of the Communist Party. He was also editor of two newspapers Soldatskaya Pravda (
«Солдатская правда») and Derevenskaya Bednota («Деревенская беднота»).
During the Civil War Kuzmin served as a Political Commisar on the South Western Front (1918–1919) and the Petrograd area from 1920. In 1920 he was appointed Political commissar of the Baltic Fleet and took part in suppressing the Kronstadt Rebellion. He was awarded the Order of the Red Banner.
In 1924 Kuzmin became chief assistant prosecutor in the Supreme Court of the USSR for military justice. He was critical of the abuse of power by the OOGPU and removed from his post. He was made Chief Political Officer of the Central Asian Military District in 1925 and in 1931-32 he was made Chief Political Officer of the Siberian Military District.
Kuzmin moved into civilian life in 1932 and became head of the Omsk branch of Sevmorput. He was arrested on 28 May 1937 as part of Stalin's Purges. Kuzmin refused to confess and pleaded not guilty at his trial. He was sentenced to death and shot on 8 February 1938. Kuzmin was posthumously rehabilitated in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="30948079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948079" title="List of Nepenthes literature">
List of Nepenthes literature

This list of "Nepenthes" literature is a listing of major published works dealing with the tropical pitcher plants of the genus "Nepenthes". It includes specialised standalone publications and taxonomic monographs released as part of larger works, but excludes regular journal and magazine articles.
Unless otherwise indicated, all information on individual publications is sourced from them directly. Works are listed chronologically by year of first publication.
__TOC__
Standalone publications.
This list includes all works published as standalone books or booklets, with the exception of children's literature, which is listed separately below.
Monographs published as part of larger works.
This list includes major monographs that were "not" released as standalone publications. In the case of journal articles and papers, the parent publication is indicated in brackets.
Only the primary prosaic language is listed for each publication, although many of the earlier monographs also include substantial portions of Latin text in the form of taxon descriptions. Some of the taxa formally described in these monographs are not considered taxonomically valid today. 

</doc>
<doc id="30948099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948099" title="Salem Bouhageb">
Salem Bouhageb

Salem Bouhageb (born Bembla, 1824 or 1827 - died La Marsa, July 14, 1924) was a Tunisian reformer, jurist, and poet. He was considered one of the leading Tunisian reformers of his era; among his many disciples were Béchir Sfar, Abdelaziz Thâalbi, Ali Bach Hamba, Mohamed Nakhli, Mahmoud Messadi, Mohamed Snoussi and Mohamed Tahar Ben Achour. His son Khelil Bouhageb was grand vizier of Tunis for a time; another son, Hassine Bouhageb, was a doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="30948109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948109" title="Paul Penson">
Paul Penson

Paul Eugene Penson (July 12, 1931 – May 3, 2006) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="30948112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948112" title="German ship Petrella">
German ship Petrella

'"SS "Petrella was a German merchant ship, which was torpedoed and sunk on 8 February 1944, north of Souda Bay, Crete, killing some 2,670 of the Italian POWs aboard.
Service history.
The ship was built under the name Pasteur""' as a cargo liner, one a class of nine ships ordered by the French government to replenish its merchant fleet after the losses of World War I. The ship was launched on 3 February 1923 from the Ateliers et Chantiers de la Gironde shipyard at Graville, Le Havre. On 11 July she was sold to the "Plisson et Cie" company of Bayonne, entering service on 10 August 1923. The following year she was sold to the "Cie des Chargeurs Français", and in 1925 was chartered to the "Compagnie Navale de l'Océanie" shipping line, a subsidiary of the "Ballande & Fils" group, for service to New Caledonia. In June 1928 the ship was bought by the "Compagnie Générale d'Armement Maritime" (CGAM) and renamed Aveyron. She was operated by the "Compagnie Générale Transatlantique" (CGT) company, and was finally transferred to the ownership of CGT in 1939.
On 10 July 1941, following the French armistice the ship was transferred to the ownership of the Italian Government, and renamed Capo Pino was operated by the "Cia Genovese di Navigazione à Vapore", based at Genoa.
The ship was captured by the Germans at Patras, Greece, on 8 September 1943, following the announcement of the Italian capitulation. She was renamed Petrella and operated under the ownership of the "Mittelmeer-Reederei GmbH" of Hamburg, a state-owned company that managed captured ships in the Mediterranean on behalf of the German "Wehrmacht", with civilian crews under military jurisdiction.
The disaster.
Crete had been captured by the Germans in May/June 1941, and was occupied by a mixed German-Italian force as "Fortress Crete". The Italian 51st Infantry Division Siena consisted of some 21,700 men, which occupied the easternmost prefecture of Lasithi. Following the armistice of September 1943 the Italians in Crete were disarmed by the Germans without major problems. As elsewhere, they were given the choice to continue the war alongside Germany, or to be sent to the Reich as military internees to perform forced labour. A minority chose to continue the fight and formed the "Legione Italiana Volontari Creta".
As ordered by Adolf Hitler, the Italian internees were transported back to Germany in often unseaworthy vessels, without any safety standards. On 8 February 1944, some 3,173 prisoners were crammed into the hull of the "Petrella". The ship was detected by the British submarine and torpedoed.

</doc>
<doc id="30948131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948131" title="Elegance in Black">
Elegance in Black

Elegance In Black is the debut album by Finnish thrash metal band Diablo.

</doc>
<doc id="30948142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948142" title="Mustapha Dinguizli">
Mustapha Dinguizli

Mustapha Dinguizli (1865-1926) was a Tunisian politician. He was born in Tunis; he served as the first Prime Minister of Tunisia from 1922 until his death.
Biography.
Dinguizli was born in Tunis to a family of Turkish origin. He studied at the Collège Sadiki and then at the Ecole Normale de Versailles and the École Normale Supérieure de Fontenay-Saint-Cloud. His maternal uncle, Sadok Ghileb, was the mayor of Tunis which allowed Dinguizli to climb the ranks to the post of governor of the caid suburbs of Tunis between 1900 and 1912. After Ghileb's death, Dinguizli succeeded his uncle as head of the municipality of Tunis between 1912 and 1915. He was appointed Grand Vizier of Tunis in 1922, with the agreement of the Resident General of France. Pursuing a conciliatory policy with the authorities of the French protectorate of Tunisia, Dinguizli remained at his post until his death in 1926. He is among the ministers buried in the mausoleum of Tourbet El Bey located in the medina of Tunis. 
His brother Béchir Dinguizli became the first Tunisian Muslim to become a doctor in the modern era.

</doc>
<doc id="30948146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948146" title="Anthony Miles (Australian footballer)">
Anthony Miles (Australian footballer)

Anthony Miles (born 28 February 1992) is a professional Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was originally recruited to GWS Giants through zoning concessions. Miles played his first AFL game in round 4, 2012.
At the end of the 2013 season Miles was delisted by GWS and subsequently picked up by Richmond for pick 27 in the 2014 Rookie Draft.
On 20 May 2014, Miles was upgraded to Richmond's senior list and played his first senior game for Richmond in round 12, 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="30948161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948161" title="Richard Sherwood Satterlee">
Richard Sherwood Satterlee

Richard Sherwood Satterlee was a brigadier general in the Union Army.
Biography.
Satterlee was born on December 6, 1796, in Fairfield, New York. His father, William, had served in the American Revolutionary War. Sattlerlee obtained his medical license in 1818 and began practicing in rural Seneca County, New York. He married Mary S. Hunt, sister of a Michigan Supreme Court Justice. Satterlee died on November 10, 1880, in New York City.
Career.
Satterlee joined the Army in 1822. He was stationed at Fort Niagara in Porter, New York, Fort Howard in Green Bay, Wisconsin, and Fort Mackinac in Mackinac Island, Michigan. In 1831 he transferred to Fort Winnebago in Portage, Wisconsin. While there he would take part in the Black Hawk War.
Following a second tour of duty at Fort Howard, Satterlee was sent to Florida to assist in a campaign against the Seminole. During his time there, he was given an official commendation by his commanding officer, future U.S. President Zachary Taylor.
After a tour of duty at Fort Adams in Newport, Rhode Island, Satterlee was sent to serve in the Mexican-American War. Serving under Winfield Scott, Satterlee took part in the Battle of Molino del Rey and the Battle of Chapultepec. Following his service in the war, he returned to Fort Adams in 1848. In 1853 he survived the sinking of a steamboat he was on board that was carrying an artillery regiment.
He served throughout the American Civil War, during which time he was brevetted a Brigadier General and was a candidate for the command of the Medical Corps following the dismissal of Clement Finley. The command eventually went to William Alexander Hammond. Satterlee retired in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="30948169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948169" title="Hédi Lakhoua">
Hédi Lakhoua

Mohamed Hédi Lakhoua (1872-1949) was a Tunisian politician. A native of Tunis, he died in that city. He served as Prime Minister of Tunisia from 1932 until 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="30948172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948172" title="National Mining Museum, Luxembourg">
National Mining Museum, Luxembourg

The National Mining Museum () of Luxembourg is located in the very south of the country, at Rumelange close to the French border. It provides an on-site exhibition of the tools, machinery and equipment used from the beginning of the 19th century until the iron-ore mines were closed in the 1980s. Many of the exhibits are deep down in the mine which can be visited during the summer months.
The collection.
While most of the museum's collection is in the mine, the exhibition hall contains a number of display cases with a selection of lamps, tools, helmets and measuring instruments as well as minerals and fossils. There are also old maps and documents.
The "Kirchberg" and "Walert" mine is accessed by train. The rail terminal, 90 metres below the surface, is the start of a 650-metre circuit through tunnels three metres high and from three to five metres wide. Many of the tools are of considerable historical value. The collection includes rare old boring hammers and drilling machines as well as more modern pneumatic drills. The complex array of tunnels also gives an impressive picture of the mine workings.
Opening times.
The museum is open in the afternoon on Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday from April to October. In July and August, it is also open on Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons. Special arrangements can be made for groups throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="30948183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948183" title="Riali Kalan">
Riali Kalan

Riali Kalan is a village situated in the mandal (or "tehsil") of Pathankot, in the Gurdaspur district, Punjab, India near Batala.

</doc>
<doc id="30948206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948206" title="Igor Hrabáč">
Igor Hrabáč

Igor Hrabáč (born 18 November 1983 in Banská Bystrica) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Slovak 2. liga club MŠK Rimavská Sobota.

</doc>
<doc id="30948212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948212" title="Francis O'Connor">
Francis O'Connor

Francis O'Connor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30948224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948224" title="Francis Connors">
Francis Connors

Francis Connors may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30948233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948233" title="Calgary Outlaws (basketball)">
Calgary Outlaws (basketball)

The Calgary Outlaws was a professional basketball franchise based in Calgary, Alberta, in 1994. The Outlaws were members of the National Basketball League.
The Outlaws played its home games at the Jack Simpson Gymnasium at the University of Calgary and occasionally Olympic Saddledome.

</doc>
<doc id="30948241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948241" title="Frank Connor (disambiguation)">
Frank Connor (disambiguation)

Frank Connor is a Scottish footballer and manager.
Frank Connor or Conner is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30948260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948260" title="Nandhi">
Nandhi

Nandhi is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action-masala film directed by Thamizhvannan and produced by Dinesh Karthik. It stars Akhil and Sanusha in the lead roles. The film was released on 11 February 2011.
Soundtrack.
Thamizhvannan worked with composer Yuvan Shankar Raja for his first two films, "Kalvanin Kadhali" and "Machakaaran", which were hits. But Nandhi's music director was Bharathwaj.

</doc>
<doc id="30948266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948266" title="Frances O'Connor (disambiguation)">
Frances O'Connor (disambiguation)

Frances O'Connor is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30948276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948276" title="Hassab Hospital">
Hassab Hospital

Hassab Hospital or Hassab Clinic, established 1950, is the first private hospital in Alexandria, Egypt. 
It was founded by Dr. Mohammed Aboul-Fotouh Hassab and his brother Dr. Hussein-Kamel Hassab. 
The hospital was and is still popular for its orthopedic speciality, 
although it is a general hospital with various medical specialities.

</doc>
<doc id="30948297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948297" title="Aleksandr Vladimirovich Razvozov">
Aleksandr Vladimirovich Razvozov

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Razvozov () (1879–1920) was a Russian and Soviet admiral. He was the first commander of the Soviet Baltic Fleet.
Razvozov was born into a Naval family in Reval, Estonia. He graduated from the Sea Cadet Corps in 1889 and first served on the cruiser "Gerzog Edinburgski". He specialised in torpedo warfare and became torpedo officer on the battleship Retvizan in 1901 and served aboard that ship during the Russo-Japanese War. He took part in the Siege of Port Arthur and the Battle of the Yellow Sea.
Razvozov was repatrated in 1906 in the last tranche of Prisoners of War and taught at the mine and torpedo school in Kronstadt. In 1907 he was appointed torpedo officer on the cruiser "Rurik (ii)". In 1912 he was given command of the destroyer "Burny" and in 1914 the destroyer "Ussuriyets". On the outbreak of war he commanded a destroyer squadron of the Baltic Fleet.
Razvozov was appointed commander of the destroyer forces of the Baltic Fleet in March 1917 and was given command of the Fleet itself in June 1917. He was dismissed from service in late 1917 and then re-instated and finally dismissed an arrested in March 1918. Razvozov was soon released and worked in the naval archive during the remainder of 1918 and 1919. He was arrested by the Cheka in September 1919 on suspicion of conspiracy with the White Russian forces of General Yudenich. He was imprisoned in the Kresty Prison and died of infection following an appendectomy. He is buried in the Smolensky Cemetery in St Petersburg.
Sources.
"This Article is translated from Russian Wikipedia"

</doc>
<doc id="30948300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948300" title="The Flattery Show">
The Flattery Show

The Flattery Show was the first English-language radio chat show aired in the south west of France and a flagship Sunday evening programme broadcast on Radio Coteaux in the Gascony region. The show was presented by Irish radio presenter John Slattery with American co-host Patricia McKinnes. It ran for twenty-one weeks and proved to be very popular with expatriates living in France.
The show.
Slattery and McKinnes regularly began the show at 5pm and finished at 7pm with a handover to Patrick Martinez. "The Flattery Show" was a music-based programme that included light-hearted banter and whimsical jokes by the hosts. Listeners' views and comments were discussed and there were rotating segments such as "Song of The Week", "Ask a Frenchie" and "Life in the South-West". To keep listeners on their toes, random topics were picked from a big "Bag O' Topics".
Invited guests.
The show ran interviews with regular and/or rotating guests, dealing with subjects of both local interest and of general interest to the expatriate community. The first people to be interviewed on the show were the English sisters Marcha King and Sian Cash, former proprietors of the landmark café "Bar Memory" in the Hautes-Pyrénées town of Castelnau-Magnoac. They recounted humorous stories of their years behind the bar at the French café. The interview proved enormously popular with English-speaking listeners in France and it served to create a pattern of jesting and buffoonery that would become an underlying trait of later interviews.
Regular contributors.
The show relied heavily on e-mailed material sent in by listeners that was then read out on air. Most of the regular contributors were local expatriates living in the Gascony region.
The end.
The show ran for twenty-one weeks in the early months of 2011. When it ceased, Radio Coteaux's Sunday evening slot was filled by a new show called "The Gascony Show", also hosted by John Slattery.

</doc>
<doc id="30948305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948305" title="Calgary 88's">
Calgary 88's

The Calgary 88's was a professional basketball franchise based in Calgary, Alberta, from 1988 to 1992. The team played in the World Basketball League. The 1992 season, saw the league fold before the season was completed.
The 88's played their home games at the Olympic Saddledome. Their best players during their time in Calgary consisted of Jim Thomas (Indiana) Chip Engelland (Duke), Daryl MacDonald (Texas A&M) John Spencer (Howard U), Chris Childs (Boise St), Kelby Stuckey (SW Missouri), Roland Gray (Saint Louis), Jerry Stroman (Utah), Nikita Wilson (LSU), Carlos Clark, David Henderson, Andre Turner, Sidney Lowe, Chip Engelland, Jim Thomas, Jerry Stroman, Kelsey Weems, Perry Young, John Hegwood, Corey Gaines and David Boone. Calgary coaches included Mike Thibault and Roger Lyons. In five seasons, the 88's went 151-78.

</doc>
<doc id="30948310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948310" title="John Davies (footballer born 1966)">
John Davies (footballer born 1966)

John Davies (born 25 September 1966 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Clydebank, St. Johnstone, Airdrie, Ayr United and Motherwell.
John Davies is the brother of Billy Davies and the brother-in-law of John Spencer former head coach of the Portland, OR Timbers professional soccer club. Billy Davies signed both his brother and Spencer when he was manager of Motherwell.
He is also a FIFA qualified sports agent since 2006

</doc>
<doc id="30948315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948315" title="Peter Šedivý">
Peter Šedivý

Peter Šedivý (born 5 January 1983) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for SV Horn.

</doc>
<doc id="30948338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948338" title="Zarya Vostoka building">
Zarya Vostoka building

The Zarya Vostoka building is an office building in Tbilisi on Rustaveli Avenue. It was built in 1931 by the Armenian architect David Chisliev as the headquarters for the Russian-language newspaper Zarya Vostoka in the constructivist style. At the same location was until 1913 a wooden circus building owned by the Nikitin brothers. The building later housed the publishing house Merani and was until 2007 a protected monument of national importance. Currently renovations are under progress that according to some critics threaten the historical substance of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="30948380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948380" title="Edgewood High School (West Covina, California)">
Edgewood High School (West Covina, California)

Edgewood High School is a secondary school located in West Covina, California and is serviced by West Covina Unified School District. Previously a high school and now once again one, it shares its campus with Edgewood Middle School. The newly started high school's first graduating class was the class of 2014, which was the only class on campus when the school first opened in 2010.
History.
Edgewood High School was originally established in 1958 by the Covina Union High School District after they bought land from the Hurst Family Ranch. The purpose of the school was to ease the problems of overcrowding at West Covina High School's old campus.
Associated Student Body.
The current president of Edgewood High School's associated student body is Andrew Lesh. All preceding ASB presidents have been members of the 2014 graduating class, with Kaitlin-Megan Rivera serving as president from 2010-2011, Lauren Ramirez serving from 2011-2012, and Hannah Cristobal serving two consecutive terms from 2012-2013 and 2013-2014. Edgewood's ASB was directed by staff member Diane Starzynski from 2010-2014 who will be succeeded by a new director in the coming months.
Demographics.
The ethnicity of the school in 2010-2011 was:

</doc>
<doc id="30948383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948383" title="Richard Tate">
Richard Tate

Richard Tate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30948395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948395" title="Gera–Gößnitz railway">
Gera–Gößnitz railway

The Gößnitz-Gera railway is a single-track main line in the German state of Thuringia, which was originally built and operated by the Gößnitz-Gera Railway Company. The route is an important section of a long-distance line connecting the west Saxon industrial district and western Germany (the Mid-German Connection). It runs from Gößnitz on the Leipzig–Hof line via Ronneburg to Gera.
History.
The railway line was opened on 28 December 1865 by the Gößnitz-Gera Railway Company () to connect the rising industrial centre of Gera (which then had about 16,000 inhabitants) to the West Saxon industrial district. The opening of the line also caused an economic boom in the towns of Schmölln and Ronneburg. On 1 January 1878 operation of the line was taken over by the Royal Saxon State Railways.
The extension of the Lichtenberg open pit mine uranium mining in the Ronneburg district led to the line being rebuilt further north through the Gessen valley in 1968. The deviation consisted of an embankment built with spoil from the mine and a 196 metre-long tunnel, which allows single-track operation only. The deviation extended the line by about 480 m. The chainages from Ronneburg west were altered as follows:
The chainage from Gößnitz is not marked between Gera Süd and Gera Hauptbahnhof (central station) because the two-track line that ran parallel to the similarly two-track Prussian line (the Leipzig–Probstzella line) was dismantled after 1945 for war reparations to the Soviet Union.
The embankment built during the relocation of the line through the Gessen valley was removed before the 2007 Federal Garden Show and replaced by a steel arch bridge.
Today, every two hours, the line is served by Regional-Express 1 services on the Göttingen–Erfurt–Weimar–Jena–Gera–Gößnitz–Zwickau/Chemnitz route. It runs on the Mid-German Connection ("Mitte-Deutschland-Verbindung") and is divided into two sections at Gößnitz. Part of the train continues via Glauchau to Chemnitz and the other part runs via Werdau to Zwickau. In the opposite direction trains are combined at Gößnitz. In addition a Regional-Express from Weimar to Glauchau operates on the line on weekends at two hourly intervals. Regionalbahn services were discontinued at the December 2008 timetable change. Since then local services between Gera and Altenburg are provided by an extension of the Regional-Express services on the Erfurt–Gera–Altenburg route (which previously terminated in Gera). 
The Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan mentions upgrading the line as an "additional requirement". The current plan provides for electrification and the upgrading of the line to two-tracks as part of the duplication of the entire between Weimar and Glauchau and closing the gap in the electrification between Weimar and Gößnitz. The review of the Infrastructure Plan in November 2010 recommends the dropping of the duplication and recommends only electrification of the line, as long-distance passenger traffic of this relation is not considered economic, and thus the second track is unnecessary. As a result the overall project would now have an estimated benefit/cost ratio of 1.3 to 1.5 instead of the benefit/cost ratio 0.7 for the comprehensive upgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="30948397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948397" title="Andrew Fairfoul">
Andrew Fairfoul

Andrew Fairfoul (c 1606-1663) was the first post-Restoration Archbishop of Glasgow, from 1661 until his death in November 1663. He became Chancellor of Glasgow University after his consecration as Archbishop.
Fairfoul was the son of a minister from Anstruther and studied at the University of St Andrews. He became chaplain to the Earl of Rothes and then Minister of North Leith and later of Dunse. He was nominated for the Archbishopric by King Charles II and consecrated in London on 15 December 1661.
On 19 April 1662 Fairfoul made his public entry into Glasgow accompanied by the Earl of Glencairn, the Lord Chancellor of Scotland who was his predecessor as Chancellor of the University. The University's historian James Coutts refers to him as "a man of boisterous mirth and careless life",but quotes the recollection of Principal Robert Baillie that Fairfoul preached "soberly and well" on his first Sunday in the city. The Earl, the Archbishop and their entourage dined at the University the day after this first sermon, and the meal is said to have cost more than £200.
The Archbishop was heavily involved in energetic attempts by the Episcopalian authorities to root out Covenanters and other dissenters. A committee of the Privy Council met in the fore-hall of the University on 1 October 1662 to address the problem of ministers refusing to recognise the rights of patrons and bishops to present ministers, and many ministers were removed from their parishes.
Fairfoul died in November 1663 on his way to Edinburgh and was buried in the Abbey Church at Holyrood.

</doc>
<doc id="30948430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948430" title="Gabriel Langfeldt">
Gabriel Langfeldt

Gabriel Langfeldt (1895 – 1983) was a Norwegian psychiatrist. He was a professor at the University of Oslo from 1940 to 1965. His publications centered on schizofrenia and forensic medicine. Among his research projects were studies of the psychology of Nazi sympathisers. He was involved as an expert during the trial against Hamsun, and wrote a book about Quisling.

</doc>
<doc id="30948440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948440" title="Lankelz Railway">
Lankelz Railway

The Lankelz Railway in Esch-sur-Alzette, south-eastern Luxembourg, is a miniature railway on a scale of one third normal size (7 1⁄4 in or 184 mm gauge). The railway operates on Sunday afternoons and public holidays from May to mid-October.
Constructed in 1997, the narrow-gauge tracks, complete with bridges, tunnels and a station, are arranged in two sections; one is 1,000 metres long, the other 350 metres. There is one steam locomotive, two diesel engines and a tram. Trips can be made by steam train or diesel train.

</doc>
<doc id="30948444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948444" title="Charles Rowley (socialist)">
Charles Rowley (socialist)

Charles Rowley (1839–1933) was a British socialist and councillor of Ancoats, Manchester. 
He was inspired by William Morris, and a leading member of the Ancoats Brotherhood. Amongst his other associates was the poet Mathilde Blind. In addition to founding public exhibitions and flower shows, he initiated concerts given at the city's parks; this work is amongst the earliest examples of orchestral concerts given for the public's benefit.

</doc>
<doc id="30948447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948447" title="Curcuma comosa">
Curcuma comosa

Curcuma comosa is a species of flowering plant in the ginger family. It is native to much of Asia, including Thailand, Indonesia, and Malaysia. The herb is cultivated in Thailand, especially in the Northern Province, including Petchaboon, and the Northeastern Province, including Loei. "Curcuma comosa" is widely used as a traditional herbal remedy.
Uses.
This medicinal plant is used for its anti-inflammatory properties in the treatment of postpartum uterine bleeding and uterine inflammation. Research suggests that "Curcuma comosa" extract possesses a strong anti-inflammatory activity and has a potential to be developed as a therapeutic compound for diverse neurological disorders associated with inflammation. Thai traditional practitioners use the rhizome of "C. comosa" in the treatment of women for the alleviation of postpartum uterine pain, the enhancement of uterine involution and the reduction of uterine inflammation after delivery. Numerous studies have been conducted on the effects of "C. comosa" showing that it can reduce blood cholesterol, increase the thickness of epithelial cells lining the vagina, and decrease uterine smooth muscle contraction. The plant is also used to repair vaginal wall prolapse, tighten vaginal muscles, and relieve premenstrual syndrome and cramping. It has been used for centuries in Thailand as a remedy for many other gynecological problems including vaginal dryness, hot flashes, excessive white and yellow vaginal discharge, bad odor, and irregular, excessive, or absent menstrual cycles. It appears to increase the effect of ovarian and testicular hormones, and may have an estrogenic effect. It is used in Thai luxury spas to lift sagging muscles, promote circulation, and provide good health and glowing skin.
Research.
Studies in Thailand researched the effects of crude extract from the root of "Curcuma comosa" on the uterus of the rat as compared to female estradiol hormone. Results reported included an increase in the thickness of the uterus epithelial cells lining the vagina and improved growth and induction of keratin synthesis in the mucous membrane of the vagina. However, estrogenic activities of "Curcuma comosa" were milder than those of estradiol.
Methanolic extract of rhizome of "C. comosa" has been proven to kill the roundworm "Caenorhabditis elegans". The extract was purified to its active ingredients and it was found that some diphenylheptanoid compounds, such as 1,7-diphenyl-3-acetoxy-hept-trans-6-ene, can inhibit the motility of the roundworm.
Butanolic and ethyl acetate extract of rhizome of "C. comosa" had a stimulative effect on bile secretion, and a decrease in blood cholesterol was reported. Separation of the active ingredients from diarylheptanoids and phloracetophenone glucoside compounds were carried out and some active compounds, such as 1,7-diphenyl-5-hydroxy-(1E)-1-heptene and 4,6-dihydroxy-2-o-(b-D-glucopyranosyl) acetophenone, were found to have a stimulative effect on bile secretion in rats.
A 95% ethanol extract of "C. comosa" decreased uterine smooth muscle contraction in rats.
An ethyl acetate extract of the rhizome was orally administered to male sheep and hamsters, and a decrease in cholesterol and triglyceride were reported.

</doc>
<doc id="30948449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948449" title="Krzysztof Grzegorek (fencer)">
Krzysztof Grzegorek (fencer)

Krzysztof Grzegorek (born 15 September 1946) is a Polish fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30948477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948477" title="Air transport in Vietnam">
Air transport in Vietnam

Air transport in Vietnam is the commercial air transport of passengers, freight and mail within Vietnam and between Vietnam and the rest of the world. The government's Civil Aviation Administration of Vietnam, the aviation authority under the Ministry of Transport of Vietnam, oversees the operations of aviation activities in the country.
History.
Air transport in Vietnam started with the founding of the Vietnam Civil Aviation in January 1956 by the Vietnam People's Air Force (Ministry of Defense), upon the issuance of Decision No.666/TTG of the Vietnamese government. The authority was originally tasked with state management, national defense, and commercialization of air transportation. The aviation sector expanded greatly during its formative years, expanding from a few aircraft in what was then North Vietnam to eventually include a fleet of over 50 aircraft (including both Soviet- and US-made) in a unified Vietnam after 1976. Infrastructure was improved during this time, as airports country-wide were equipped with better facilities and materials for flight management and operations. CAAV grew to serve around 250,000 passengers a year, both domestically and on international routes to China, Laos, Cambodia and Thailand.
On 9 December 2004, United Airlines made history when its Boeing 747-400 landed in Ho Chi Minh City. Flight UA869 took off from San Francisco at 12:10 pm, and made an en route stop at Hong Kong for two hours, before setting off again. The 747, which carried 260 passengers, touched down at 10:06 pm, ending a 29-year absence of US commercial flights since the Fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975.
Future.
According to the International Air Transport Association (IATA), Vietnam is projected to be the third fastest-growing market for freight and international passengers behind the People's Republic of China and the United Arab Emirates, at 10.2% annually until 2014. Domestically, Vietnam will have the second fastest-growing passenger market behind China.
Airlines.
, seven domestic and 47 foreign airlines operate within, to and from Vietnam.
Vietnam Airlines.
Vietnam Airlines is the country's national flag carrier. It operates approximately 70 aircraft, serving 46 destinations from its hubs at Noi Bai and Tan Son Nhat International Airports. The airline and its affiliate, VASCO, makes up 80% of the domestic aviation market. It is a member of SkyTeam, an airline alliance, which it joined in June 2010. Vietnam Airlines currently has plans to launch flights to Doha, Mumbai, Brisbane, and most importantly, the United States. Although there has been a long-standing plan to launch flights to the US West Coast, it has been postponed due mainly to the stringent requirement that must be met, which the airline is currently working towards.
Jetstar Pacific Airlines.
Jetstar Pacific Airlines is the second largest domestic carrier behind Vietnam Airlines. Based in Ho Chi Minh City, the airline operates approximately 7 aircraft, with which it provides services to 7 destinations within Vietnam. Jetstar Pacific was formerly known as "Pacific Airlines", but changed its name after Qantas of Australia bought 18% of shares, thereby integrating it into the Jetstar low-cost carrier network. Jetstar Pacific currently enjoys 20% of the domestic market share.
Airports and infrastructure.
There are 22 airports in operations throughout Vietnam, of which 9 are international. Tan Son Nhat International Airport, Noi Bai International Airport and Da Nang International Airport are the major gateways, handling most of international flights.

</doc>
<doc id="30948480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948480" title="2 Faced">
2 Faced

2 Faced is a song released by UK singer Louise in 2000 and is her highest charting single, charting at no 3.
Track listings.
UK CD 1 single
UK CD 2 single

</doc>
<doc id="30948489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948489" title="Paul Harvey (footballer)">
Paul Harvey (footballer)

Paul Harvey (born 28 August 1968 in Glasgow) is a journeyman Scottish former professional association footballer.
Paul Harvey began his professional career in England with Manchester United in 1986-87 for whom he never played for the first team.
Harvey then returned to his native Scotland where he spent the rest of his playing career. He first joined Clydebank, the club of his longest service.
He then had spells of various duration with each of Airdrie, Raith Rovers, Dumbarton, Livingston, Queen of the South, Motherwell, Stenhousemuir, Airdrie United and Queen's Park. His final season in senior football was 2005/06. Paul is now a coach at U21's side South Camlachie.

</doc>
<doc id="30948493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948493" title="DWSR">
DWSR

DWSR is an AM relay station of DZRH owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company and affiliated by WRD Media Channels Production in the Philippines. The station's studio and transmitter is located in Lucena City.
DZRH Nationwide stations.
"Further information: DZRH stations"

</doc>
<doc id="30948502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948502" title="Krystyna Machnicka-Urbańska">
Krystyna Machnicka-Urbańska

Krystyna Machnicka-Urbańska (born 13 March 1947) is a Polish fencer. She competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30948504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948504" title="Great Slav Rising">
Great Slav Rising

The Great Slav Rising in 983 was an uprising of the Polabian Slavs (Wends), mainly Lutici and Obotrite tribes living east of the Elbe River in modern north-east Germany. They were revolting against Christianization and their subjugation to the German (former East Frankish) realm of the Holy Roman Emperor.
Background.
The Slavic peoples between the Elbe and the Baltic coast had been conquered and nominally converted to Christianity by the campaigns of the German king Henry the Fowler and his son Otto I, who in 962 was crowned Holy Roman Emperor. Otto had most recently defeated an alliance of Obotrite and Circipani tribes at the 955 Battle on the Raxa. The conquered area east of the German Duchy of Saxony was initially organized within the vast Saxon Eastern March under Margrave Gero, but divided into smaller marches upon his death in 965. 
In order to stabilize his rule, Otto promoted the conversion of the Slavic population, establishing the bishoprics of Havelberg and Brandenburg in 948, followed by the Archbishopric of Magdeburg in 968, which in particular carried out active missionary work.
Uprising.
In 981 Archbishop Adalbert of Magdeburg, the "Apostle of the Slavs", died and his successor Gisilher had to struggle with the resistance by the Magdeburg chapter. He was backed by Emperor Otto II, who, however, was on campaign in Italy, where he suffered a disastrous defeat against the Sicilian Kalbids in the 982 Battle of Stilo and died the next year without having returned to Germany, leaving his minor son Otto III under the tutelage of the Empress consorts Theophanu and Adelaide of Burgundy.
While there was internal dissention in the Holy Roman Empire, Slavic forces led by the Lutici revolted and drove out the political and religious representatives of the Empire. Starting from the Slavic sanctuary at Rethra, the bishops' seat of Havelberg on 29 June 983 was occupied and plundered, followed by Brandenburg three days later and numerous settlements up to the Tanger River in the west. According to the contemporary chronicler Thietmar of Merseburg, the Obotrites joined the Lutici, devastated a St Lawrence monastery in Kalbe, the bishopric of Oldenburg and even assaulted Hamburg. 
A hastily assembled Saxon army was only able to retain the Slavs behind the Elbe. The Northern March and the March of the Billungs were lost. The March of Lusatia as well as the adjacent marches of Zeitz, Merseburg and the Meissen in the south did not take part in the uprising.
Aftermath.
From 985, several Princes of the Empire carried out annual campaigns together with the Christian Polish princes Mieszko I and Bolesław I Chrobry to subjugate the area, however these campaigns were unsuccessful. In 1003 King Henry II of Germany tried a different approach: he allied himself with the Lutici and waged war against his previous ally Prince Bolesław of Poland. This stabilized the independence of the Lutici and ensured that the area remained ruled by Polabian Slavs and unchristianized into the 12th century. 
The immediate consequences of the uprising were an almost complete stop on further German eastward expansion ("Ostsiedlung") for the next 200 years. For most of the time, the dioceses of Brandenburg and Havelberg existed in titular form only, with the bishops residing at the royal court. Only in the 12th century after the Wendish Crusade of 1147 and the establishment of the Margraviate of Brandenburg under the Ascanian prince Albert the Bear in 1157, the settlements east of the Elbe were resumed; followed by the northern lands of Mecklenburg, where after several years of fighting against the Obotrite prince Niklot, his son Pribislav in 1167 declared himself a vassal of the Saxon Duke Henry the Lion.

</doc>
<doc id="30948520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948520" title="The Fort Shopping Park">
The Fort Shopping Park

The Fort Shopping Park is a shopping centre in Castle Bromwich near Birmingham, West Midlands, England. It was built on part of the former tyre factory of Dunlop Rubber.
Stores.
Below are just a few of the many stores, For a full updated list visit the Store Finder
As of January 2014 ; 
Marks & Spencer, Debenhams, H&M, New Look, JD Sports, Sports Direct, WHSmith

</doc>
<doc id="30948526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948526" title="Borneo Company Limited">
Borneo Company Limited

Borneo Company Limited, formed in 1856, is one of the oldest companies based in East Malaysia (Sarawak and Sabah). 
The company, of 25 Mincing Lane, was registered in London in June 1856 with a capital of £60,000. Its directors were Robert Henderson (of R.& J.Henderson, Glasgow merchants), John Charles Templer (friend of James Brooke), James Dyce Nicol, John Smith, Francis Richardson, and John Harvey (the latter two of MacEwan & Co. in Singapore). Its first manager in Sarawak was a Dane, Ludvig Verner Helms, who had been trading there on his own account since 1852. Initially, the company was given rights in return for royalties to the Sarawak treasury to "take over and work Mines, Ores, Veins or Seams of all descriptions of Minerals in the Island of Borneo, and to barter or sell the produce of such workings". The commercial hub of the company was, however, in Singapore, and businesses were soon also opened in Thailand, and then Indonesia and Hong Kong.
The Borneo Company offices in Kuching were on the spot near the Tua Pek Kong temple now occupied by the Hilton hotel. The manager's house, 'Aneberg', was on the hill above.
After the formation of Malaysia in 1963, the company name was changed to SEBOR Holdings (Sarawak) Sendirian Berhad and SEBOR Holdings (Sabah) Sendirian Berhad in the 1970s, and both were taken over by Hong Kong-based company, Integrated Distribution Services (IDS) Group Limited in 2007.
The company distributes consumer goods, and the brands they distribute include:
It is one of the oldest companies still having branches in East Malaysia (besides than Harrisons Tradings (Sabah) Sdn.Bhd and Harrisons Tradings (Sarawak) Sdn.Bhd).

</doc>
<doc id="30948527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948527" title="Jolanta Bebel-Rzymowska">
Jolanta Bebel-Rzymowska

Jolanta Bebel-Rzymowska (born 4 December 1950) is a Polish fencer. She competed in the women's team foil events at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30948531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948531" title="Zohar Amar">
Zohar Amar

Zohar Amar (born 1960) is an Associate Professor in the Department of Land of Israel Studies at Bar-Ilan University, whose research specialties are: natural history in ancient times; the identification of the flora of the Land of Israel and identification of the fauna of the Land of Israel according to descriptions in classical Jewish sources; the material culture and realia of daily life in the Middle Ages as reflected in agriculture and commerce; the history of medicine and ethno-pharmacology. His research integrates diverse fields of knowledge, including branches of natural science, history, archaeology, linguistics, and Judaic studies.
Notable research in recent years: Documents from the Cairo Genizah as a source of information about medicine in the Middle East in medieval times; pigments in ancient textiles; the early papermaking industry; kermes oak coccid as the source of the Biblical scarlet dye; purple dye; the balsam plant; traditional medicinal drugs in the land of Israel; documentation of traditions regarding the kashrut of various animals.
Major contribution
Identification of flora and fauna in historical sources; study of the pigments and the paper of the ancient world; research on scarlet and purple dye, the Balsam plant; history of medicine; documentation of traditions of kashrut of animals.
Biography.
Zohar Amar, born in 1960, lives in Israel, married and the father of six children. He attended a yeshiva high school and Yeshivat Mercaz HaRav Kook in Jerusalem. In his youth he worked as a tour guide and in the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel. Between 1985 -1990 he was the director of the Ecological Botanical Garden at Abu Kabir on the old Tel Aviv University campus.
He completed his studies for the BA, Ma, and PhD degrees at Bar-Ilan University. His doctoral dissertation was entitled: “Agricultural Production in the Land of Israel during the Middle Ages; Description and Changes”, under the supervision of Prof. Yehuda Feliks and Prof. Yosef Drory. He is presently an Associate Professor at Bar-Ilan University and served as head of the Department of Land of Israel Studies and Archaeology in 2004-5 and 2009.
Research methods.
Zohar Amar has been involved in various areas of research that link Torah and science, presenting a new examination of the classical Jewish sources and offering a different perspective on conventional thinking. His approach is to harness contemporary research techniques to scholarship in Jewish Studies.
In his research he tries to apply almost every available piece of information, making extensive use of Hebrew literature and Arabic literature and the early, classical sources including ancient Greek, Latin, and Syriac literature. Special emphasis is placed on Jewish and Moslem sources which were written in Arabic in the Middle Ages, presenting their contribution to an understanding of the cultural and material flowering in the Islamic world. Many studies were devoted to understanding the realia embedded in the treatises written by R. Saadia Gaon and Maimonides.
Another of area of his research is related to an identification of the flora and fauna mentioned in the Scriptures and the rabbinical writings. In his recent works, Amar proposes a critical reappraisal of present identifications and a re-classification by levels of probability (i.e.: certain, doubtful). His approach gives the tradition of identification the highest rating of all measures that exist today in this field of scholarship. He also published, in collaboration with other scholars, a new proposal for identifying the ‘clean’ animals in the Torah in light of the archaeo-zoological findings uncovered in the Land of Israel and its environs.
A considerable part of his work is devoted to the study of the plant life and agriculture mentioned in the Scriptures, Mishnah, and Talmud, which includes actually cultivating crops and reconstructing the manufacture of the products derived from them. Among others he has replicated the production of milkweed fabric, deciphered the inscription of "Šmn Rahus" mentioned on Samarian ostraca, proposed a recreation of the Temple showbread, initiated the restoration of the balsam plant to Israel, discovered the scarlet dye of the Torah (the Kermes oak coccid) and produced dye from it, replicated the purple dye , made an identification of dyes in ancient textiles and a historical and laboratory identification of the raw materials used in papermaking in the Middle Ages in light of scientific testing of documents from the Cairo Genizah.
History of Medicine in the Ancient World.
A study of the history of medicine in the ancient world has become one of the most important fields of research in historical scholarship. Amar established, in collaboration with Professor Efraim Lev (of the University of Haifa), the “Unit on the History of Medicine in the Land of Israel”, one of the most important centers of academic research in Israel operating in this field. Research focuses on documenting the medical tradition from the ancient world until the present, especially Materia Medica, the spices used in the Temple incense and perfume, and it included a comprehensive ethnopharmacological survey conducted in marketplaces that specialize in selling traditional medicinal spices and herbs in Israel, Jordan, and Morocco. Recently he completed a comprehensive survey of Materia Medica used by the Ethiopian community in Israel (in collaboration with Dikla Danino). Another prominent study dealt with practical medicine in the Middle Ages in the Middle East according to medical prescriptions found in the Cairo Genizah.
Zohar Amar has published in collaboration with colleagues several ancient medical manuscripts, such as the treatise of the Jerusalem physician a-Tamimi (10th century), the Sori ha-Guf by R. Nathan ben Yoel Falaquera (13th century), Practical Medicine of Rabbi Hayyim Vital (16th century), and P’ri Megaddim by Rabbi David de Silva, Physician of Jerusalem (18th century).
The Kashrut of Animals.
Zohar Amar initiated a project which documents the kashrut traditions for various animals in Jewish communities around the world. The result was the publication of two books: "The Locust in Jewish Tradition" and "The Tradition of Fowl in Jewish Halacha", as well as dozens of articles on the subject of kashrut which won recognition by religious authorities. In the course of his research, he managed to record ancient traditions from elderly referents. One of the direct products of this endeavor was the granting of official rabbinical sanction to the raising of buffalo (jamus) for meat in Israel. The historical Torah-based research was conducted in collaboration with Dr. Ari Zivotofsky, and it was he who demonstrated that Jewish Studies can constitute a field for applied research.
In one study in which Zohar Amar participated, it was proven that the curdling of milk in mammals is a reliable parameter to distinguish between Biblically-determined ritually clean and unclean animals. Among the clean animals whose milk was tested and curdled were: the ibex, red deer and giraffe.
Selected publications.
Books and Pamphlets
1. Legends and Tales of Plants in the Botanical-Ecological Park, published by the Society for the Protection of Nature, Tel-Aviv 1987.
2. Foodstuffs and Industrial Products Grown in the Land of Israel during the Middle Ages, Jerusalem 1996.
3. A Historical Survey of Medicinal Substances in the al-Sham Region during the Middle Ages (640-1517 CE), Tel-Aviv 1999 (with E. Lev).
4. Agricultural Products in the Land of Israel in the Middle Ages, Jerusalem 2000.
5. Physicians, Drug, and Remedies in Jerusalem from the 10th-18th Centuries, Tel-Aviv 2000 (with E. Lev).
6. Maimonides’ Regimen Sanitiatis: Commentary of R. Jacob Zahalon on Hilchot Deot – Chapter Four, Neve-Tzuf 2001.
7. The Book of Incense, Tel-Aviv 2002.
8. Ethnic Medicinal Substances of the Land of Israel, Jerusalem 2002 (with E. Lev).
9. The History of Medicine in Jerusalem, Archaeopress, Oxford 2002. (English)
10. Bamme Madlikin, Tel-Aviv 2003 (with A. Shwiky).
11. P’ri Megaddim by Rabbi David de Silva, Physician of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 2003.
12. The Tradition of Fowl in Jewish Halacha, Tel Aviv 2004.
13. The Land of Israel and Syria as Described by al-Tamimi: Jerusalem Physician of the 10th Century, Ramat-Gan 2004 (with Y. Serri).
14. The Locust in Jewish Tradition, Ramat-Gan 2004.
15. Sori ha-Guf by R. Nathan ben Yoel Falaquera (Edited & Commented with Y. Buchman, Tel- Aviv 2004.
16. Rabbi Yosef Kafih’s Notebook on the Plants of the Mishna, Tel Aviv 2005.
17. Practical Medicine of Rabbi Hayyim Vital (1543–1620), Jerusalem 2006 (with Y. Buchman).
18. Tracking the Scarlet Dye of the Holy Land, Jerusalem 2007.
19. Practical Materia Medica of the Medieval Eastern Mediterranean According to the Cairo Genizah (With Efraim Lev), Brill & Sir Henry Wellcome Series, 7, Leiden 2008 (677 pp.)
20. Merorim – Bitter Herbs, Tel Aviv 2008.
21. The Four Species Anthology, Tel Aviv 2009
22. Etrogim of the Land of Israel: A modern study of their roots, Tel Aviv 2010.
23. Five Types of Grain: Historical and Conceptual Aspects, Yeshiva Har Bracha 2011.
24. Flora of the Bible, Jerusalem 2012.
From the press.
JUDY SIEGEL; Jerusalem Post; Aug 19, 2005; pg. 06; 
Yehoshua Siskin; Jerusalem Post; Mar 26, 2004; pg. 45; (on the balsam)
ABIGAIL RADOSZKOWICZ; Jerusalem Post; Nov 23, 2004; pg. 01;
MATTHEW WAGNER; Jerusalem Post; May 10, 2006; pg. 02;

</doc>
<doc id="30948532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948532" title="Hibernian L.F.C.">
Hibernian L.F.C.

Hibernian Girls & Ladies Football Club is a women's football team that plays in the Scottish Women's Premier League. Hibernian L.F.C. is affiliated with Hibernian F.C. in Edinburgh and use the club's training facilities and wear the club's colours.
History.
Founded in 1997, for the initial two seasons of its existence the club was under the auspices of Preston Athletic. The name changed to Hibernian in 1999 and they became one of the leading women's teams in Scotland. In 2006–07 Hibs secured a domestic double, finishing the league campaign with an 100% record. The club has won the league championship three times and then represented Scotland in the UEFA Women's Cup. In that competition they failed to progress beyond the first round in each instance, finishing second twice and third once in the group stage.
Hibernian won the Women's Scottish Cup in 2010, for the fifth time in eight years. The team's success in the national cup competition has been contrasted to their male affiliate, who have not won the Scottish Cup since 1902. 
In January 2011 six Hibernian players were called into the Scotland women's national football team squad. In May 2011 Hibernian beat local rivals Spartans 5–2 in the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup final.
Stadium.
For the 2011 season, Hibernian L.F.C. moved into Albyn Park, Broxburn, the home of junior football club Broxburn Athletic. The club had previously played its home matches on the training ground of Hibernian F.C. in East Lothian.
Current squad.
"As of 22 April 2013." 
Coaching staff.
Since December 2009 they are managed by Hibernian FC Academy coach Willie Kirk.
The ladies development squad is coached by Alfie Smith.
Achievements.
European History.
Hibernian have participated in three seasons of UEFA competitions, exiting at the first qualifying round stage on each occasion.
UEFA Women's Cup

</doc>
<doc id="30948535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948535" title="Les Wilson">
Les Wilson

Les Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30948537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948537" title="Ørnulv Ødegård">
Ørnulv Ødegård

Ørnulv Ødegård (12 April 1901 – 23 February 1983) was a Norwegian psychiatrist. He was the director of Gaustad Hospital from 1938 to 1972. He was involved as an expert during the trial against Hamsun. He is known for his studies on women who fraternized with German soldiers during the occupation of Norway, where he concluded that their level of intelligence was lower than average. He has also been criticized for the practice of lobotomizing of mental patients.

</doc>
<doc id="30948539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948539" title="Meroh">
Meroh

Meroh is a settlement in the Saratok division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east of the state capital Kuching.
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="30948546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948546" title="Smaller">
Smaller

Smaller were an alternative rock band from Liverpool, England, active during the 1990s. They had hits with "Wasted" and "Is" in 1996 and 1997.
History.
The band was formed in the early 1990s by former Cook da Books guitarist/singer Peter "Digsy" Deary, his brother Stephen (drums), Jason Riley (guitar/vocals), and Paul Cavanagh (bass guitar). The band's debut release was the single "God I Hate This Town" in 1995. They recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show in November that year. A second single failed to chart, but they broke into the UK top 75 with "Wasted" in September 1996. Their next single, "Is", which featured Noel Gallagher on guitar, gave them their biggest hit, reaching number 55 in the UK in March 1997. The band's debut album, "Badly Badly", was released in April 1997, featuring further contributions from Gallagher. A second album was recorded, featuring a guest appearance from Richard Hawley, but it remained unreleased, and the band split up.
The band's lyrical themes included relationships, financial problems, and Digsy's experiences with drugs.
Digsy went on to front The Sums.

</doc>
<doc id="30948562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948562" title="Slobodan Petrović">
Slobodan Petrović

Slobodan Petrović (born 21 December 1969) is a Kosovar politician, who is one of five Deputy Prime Ministers of the Republic of Kosovo. He is also head of the Independent Liberal Party (SLS) and a member of the Kosovo Assembly.
Career.
In September 2006, Petrović set up the Independent Liberal Party (SLS) in Kosovo. He stated that the aims of the party were to help Kosovo's Serb communities stay in Kosovo and to improve living conditions so as to secure a sustainable and realistic return of displaced Serbs. On 8 February 2009, Petrović met with Albanian President Bamir Topi. They discussed about the situation in Kosovo and that Albania was a major factor towards stability in Kosovo. On 13 February 2009, Petrović was named "Personality of the Year" by a group of seven non-governmental organisations. In the December 2010 Kosovan Parliamentary Elections, Petrović's party got 8 seats (2 main, 6 Serbs); with 14,352 votes (2.02%). On 20 February 2011, he signed a coalition agreement with Kosovar Prime Minister Hashim Thaçi. This coalition agreement will make Petrović the Deputy Prime Minister of Kosovo. Also his party will be in charge of three Government ministries; Local Self-Government Ministry, Communities and Return Ministry and Labour and Social Welfare Ministry. On 22 February 2011, Petrović was made one of five Deputy Prime Ministers of Kosovo. He was also made Minister for Local Government Administration.
Personal life.
Petrović is an ethnic Serb and was born on 21 December 1969 in Pristina, then SFR Yugoslavia. Petrović is married and is a lawyer by profession.

</doc>
<doc id="30948564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948564" title="Fathi Terbil">
Fathi Terbil

Fathi Terbil, also romanized as Fatih Turbel, () is a Libyan lawyer and human rights activist and member of the National Transitional Council representing Libyan youth. He represents the relatives of over 1000 prisoners allegedly killed by Libyan security forces in Abu Salim Prison in 1996. He is also the Youth and Sports Minister for the Interim Government.
Fathi Terbil's arrest in February 2011 sparked a demonstration in Benghazi on 15 February by around 200 relatives of the deceased prisoners, which began the Libyan civil war. He was subsequently said to have been freed. On 20 February, Terbil told Al Jazeera that security forces - sometimes firing from civilian cars without license plates - had killed dozens, perhaps hundreds, of protestors in Benghazi.
On 30 May 2011, he was awarded the Ludovic-Trarieux International Human Rights Prize ("The award given by lawyers to a lawyer"), given each year to a lawyer who throughout his or her career has illustrated, by activity or suffering, the defence of human rights in the world.
He was appointed to the Libyan National Transitional Council representing youth after being one of the first arrested in street protests during the Libyan civil war on 15 February 2011 and later freed.

</doc>
<doc id="30948567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948567" title="Roberto Levis">
Roberto Levis

Roberto Levis (born 6 January 1941) is a Puerto Rican fencer. He competed in the individual épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30948577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948577" title="Orbada">
Orbada

Orbada is a free tool for database developers, SQL developers and administrators. Includes many wizards and special features to help database administrator job. By using Java and JDBC drivers allow you to connect to multiple databases. Orbada is provided with a dedicated plug-in for databases such as Oracle, SQLite, Firebird, HSQLDB, SQL DerbyDB and help with syntax highlighting, database browser, profiler. The tool is still being developed with additional plug-ins.
The program is distributed under the GNU General Public License.

</doc>
<doc id="30948580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948580" title="Leslie Milne">
Leslie Milne

Leslie Milne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30948585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948585" title="Roberto Maldonado (fencer)">
Roberto Maldonado (fencer)

Roberto Maldonado (born 7 June 1936) is a Puerto Rican fencer. He competed in the individual épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30948586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948586" title="Lambeth Hospital">
Lambeth Hospital

Lambeth Hospital is a British Psychiatric hospital in South London. It is part of the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust: a provider of an extensive portfolio of mental health services in the United Kingdom. It is affiliated with King's College London, Institute of Psychiatry.
It includes the following wards:

</doc>
<doc id="30948587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948587" title="Kundana, Western Australia">
Kundana, Western Australia

Kundana is an abandoned town in Western Australia located between Coolgardie and Bardoc in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
After 58 miners petitioned the government to have the townsite declared in 1896 the town was declared the following year. The area was initially known as Barkers Find after the prospector who first found gold in the area, and later was known as 21 mile. When the townsite was surveyed in 1896 the surveyor, he used the name White Flag that was also in common usage. Later still the surveyor general suggested the name "Barkerton". The present name of Kundana was suggested by the surveyor, H. S. King, using the Aboriginal word, the meaning of which is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="30948595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948595" title="Thomas Roach (mayor)">
Thomas Roach (mayor)

Thomas M. "Tom" Roach, Jr. is an American politician and the Mayor of the City of White Plains, New York. He took office as acting mayor in February 2011 following the resignation of former Mayor Adam Bradley. Roach won a March 2011 special election held to fill the remainder of Bradley's term.
Early life & background.
Roach was born in White Plains, New York. He attended SUNY Albany where he received a degree in political science, and earned his law degree at the SUNY Buffalo School of Law. Upon graduating from law school in 1986, he represented indigent individuals in Bronx County with the Legal Aid Society. 
In 1989 he entered the private practice of law in White Plains and has been primarily engaged in civil litigation since then. He is currently with the firm of Mead, Hecht, Conklin, and Gallagher in Mamaroneck. Roach is married, with two children. He is also a cancer survivor.
Political career.
In 2001, Roach ran for and was elected to the White Plains Common Council as a Democrat. He was reelected in 2005, and 2009.
In November 2010, Roach ran for the New York State Assembly and lost by 112 votes to incumbent Robert Castelli, who ironically had taken office in February of that year following the resignation of former Assemblyman Adam Bradley, who had vacated the office after being elected Mayor of White Plains.
In February 2011, Bradley announced his resignation as mayor, following his December 2010 conviction for attempted assault and harassment of his wife, which was later overturned in 2013. Roach, who was as President of the Common Council at the time, ascended to the Office of Mayor of the City of White Plains. Roach subsequently won a March 31, 2011, special election to fill the remainder of Bradley's term.

</doc>
<doc id="30948597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948597" title="Thomas Roach">
Thomas Roach

Thomas Roach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30948617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948617" title="RocknRollDating">
RocknRollDating

RocknRollDating is a free online dating website in the United States and Canada focused around the idea that musical compatibility is important to relationship matches. The site generates revenue through advertising.
Overview.
RocknRollDating is a free niche dating website launched in 2008 and is focused around the idea that musical compatibility is an important factor in successful relationship matches. It facilitates heterosexual, same sex and polyamorous relationships. The service allows members of the site to search for matches by lifestyle interests, music genre preferences, or by specific favorite band preferences in addition to the traditional gender, age and distance criteria.
RocknRollDating allows its members to "favorite" other members and provides a list of concerts that is searchable by zipcode.
Additionally, the site provides original content including exclusive interviews with musicians and a section called "Dates From Hell,” in which various authors give their accounts of dates gone wrong.
As of February 2011, the site claims to have an active user base between 5–6,000 users.
History.
RocknRollDating was created by Daniel House, an entrepreneur and musician best known for his contribution to the Seattle “grunge” music movement of the 1980s and '90s, when he served both as bass-player for proto-grunge band Skin Yard and President of Seattle-based independent record label C/Z Records.
In 1998, House began working at RealNetworks, where he was first exposed to the delivery of online content and web technologies in-general. After being laid off in 2001, he went back to school to complete a degree in web development. In 2003, he moved to Los Angeles where he oversaw the development and creation of the now defunct www.DownloadPunk.com, as well as the development and launch of a new website for Shout! Factory.
It was during this time that he came up with the idea for RocknRollDating, which was developed on his off-hours over the course of a year and a half. The site was officially launched on Valentine's Day 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30948620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948620" title="Beautiful Inside">
Beautiful Inside

Beautiful Inside is the 10th solo song released by UK singer Louise in 2000 and charted at number 13. The single was taken from her 3rd solo album Elbow Beach and contains a sample from the song "Different Strokes" by Syl Johnson also used by the Wu-Tang Clan.
Track listings.
UK CD 1 single
UK CD 2 single

</doc>
<doc id="30948631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948631" title="The Piece of String">
The Piece of String

The Piece of String () is an 1883 short story by Guy de Maupassant. It is included in the short story collection "Miss Harriet".

</doc>
<doc id="30948640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948640" title="Białostoczek">
Białostoczek

Białostoczek was a village in Poland that was incorporated, on 10 May 1919, into the city of Białystok as Osiedle Białostoczek.

</doc>
<doc id="30948649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948649" title="Draft United Nations resolution on Israeli settlements, 2011">
Draft United Nations resolution on Israeli settlements, 2011

The Draft United Nations resolution on Israeli settlements placed before the United Nations Security Council proposed that all Israeli settlements established in the occupied Palestinian territories after 1967 be condemned, and urged that Israel and Palestine comply with their obligations under the Road Map plan in order to establish a two-State solution. The resolution failed to pass after the United States exercised its right to veto on February 18, 2011. The other 14 members of the council voted in favour of the resolution.
Background.
The peace process was revitalized in September 2010, with direct talks between Israel and Palestine, with the U.S. supporting the negotiations. With little headway made, the Palestinian National Authority decided to present a draft resolution to the Security Council, resisting strong pressure from both United States President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
A month into the discussions a roadblock was hit when a 10-month settlement construction freeze was allowed to expired on September 26. On October 2, Mahmoud Abbas announced that peace negotiations will not continue until settlement construction is once again stopped.
UN Security Council vote.
The resolution was sponsored by over 120 of the UN's 192 members states.
The U.S. attempted several times to persuade Palestine to rescind the resolution or accept a non-binding resolution instead. Palestine refused and brought the resolution to the Security Council. The final vote was 14 for and the U.S., whose vote holds veto power, alone was against it. The United States, in voting against a resolution that would have condemned Israeli settlements as illegal, argued that while settlement activity violated international legality, the resolution, if passed, would only harden the positions of both sides, complicate stalled negotiations and hinter future talks. Over 120 U.N. member states supported the resolution. This was the first U.N. veto used by the Obama administration. A spokesman for Mahmoud Abbas commented that the US veto allowed Israel to escape its obligations. Israel's Foreign Ministry expressed its appreciation for the US position, and expressed regret that the other Security Council members had refrained from making the same contribution.
International response.
A protest is held outside the U.S. embassy in Tel Aviv, Israel, the day following the vote, with approximately 50 people attending it. One protestor was reported to have stated the protest was part of "a new campaign pointing a finger at the US complicity in Israeli crimes." The following Sunday, approximately 3000 Palestinians gather in Ramallah to protest the veto.
See also.
Vetoes of UN Resolutions Critical of Israel (1972-2011) at Jewish Virtual Library

</doc>
<doc id="30948651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948651" title="Henry Fanshawe (1569–1616)">
Henry Fanshawe (1569–1616)

Sir Henry Fanshawe (1569–1616), was an English Remembrancer of the exchequer and Member of Parliament.
Early life.
Henry Fanshawe, baptised 15 August 1569, was the elder son of Thomas Fanshawe (remembrancer of the exchequer) by his first wife, Mary, daughter of Antony Bourchier and was thus a half-brother of Sir Thomas Fanshawe and William Fanshawe. In November 1586 he became a student of the Inner Temple. In 1601, on his father's death, he inherited Ware Park, Hertfordshire, a house in Warwick Lane, London, and a part of St. John's Wood, on condition that he should provide lodging with himself for his stepmother Joan and for his sisters and stepsisters until their marriage.
Career.
He succeeded to his father's office as remembrancer of the exchequer. According to the testimony of his daughter-in-law, Anne, wife of Sir Richard Fanshawe, Queen Elizabeth described Henry Fanshawe as "the best officer of accounts she had, and a person of great integrity".
He was elected M.P. for Westbury, Wiltshire, 1 November 1588, and again in February 1592/3. He sat for Boroughbridge, Yorkshire, in the parliament summoned in the autumn of 1597. On 7 May 1603 he was knighted by King James I shortly after his coronation. 
Prince Henry was friendly with him, and had the prince lived he would doubtless have become a secretary of state. He was an enthusiastic student of Italian, and devoted much time to the rearing of horses, which he rode to advantage. Lady Fanshawe reports the course of a negotiation between him and the Earl of Exeter as to the sale of a valuable horse "for a hundred pieces". "His retinue was great, and that made him stretch his estate, which was near if not full £4,000 a year, yet when he died he left no debts upon his estate". Camden is said by Lady Fanshawe to describe Fanshawe's garden at Ware Park as unsurpassed in England for its flowers, physic-herbs, and fruits.
Sir Henry was also a member of the Virginia Company. As such he was one of the noblemen that signed the first and second charters of the new Colony of Virginia. He and his family also received several thousand acres of land as extra compensation for their investments and services. Sir Henry and his heirs, oddly enough, never were recorded as actually visiting their vast estates in the New World.
Private life.
He died suddenly, at the age of forty-eight, at Ware, early in 1616, and was buried in the church there 12 March. "He was", writes his daughter-in-law, "as handsome and as fine a gentleman as England then had, a most excellent husband, father, friend, and servant to his prince".
Fanshawe had married Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Smythe of Ostenhanger, Kent, by whom he had six sons: Thomas, Henry (baptised 21 September 1600), Simon (1604-1678), Walter (baptised 1 Sept. 1605), Richard (1608-1666), and Michael (baptised 23 June 1611); besides four daughters: Alice, Mary, Joan (baptised 4 Jan. 1606–7), Anne (baptised 6 Aug. 1609). His widow, who was born in 1577, and whose virtues are highly commended by Anne, lady Fanshawe, her daughter-in-law, survived till 1631, being buried at Ware 3 June.
Sir Henry's will (dated 13 November 1613, and proved April 1616) opens with a long profession of attachment to the Protestant religion, and appoints his widow, her brother Sir Richard Smith, and his eldest son, Thomas, afterwards first Viscount Fanshawe, executors. Among his property mention is made of pictures in oil, prints, drawings, medals, engraved stones, armour, books, and musical instruments, most of which were to be removed from his London house in Warwick Lane to Ware Park, and there to remain for ever as heirlooms. Lady Fanshawe's will, dated 20 February 1629–30, was proved 2 June 1631.

</doc>
<doc id="30948672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948672" title="Military Decoration (Belgium)">
Military Decoration (Belgium)

The Military Decoration (, ) is a military award of the Kingdom of Belgium. It was established on December 23, 1873 and is awarded to non-commissioned officers and other ranks of the Belgian Armed Forces for gallantry or loyal and uninterrupted service.
Military Decoration for Long Service.
The Military Decoration, when awarded for long service to non commissionned officers and enlisted, is awarded in two classes. The first class is awarded for a minimum of fifteen years' good service, the second class for ten years' service. The Military Cross is the equivalent award for commissioned officers.
The medal is suspended by a ring through the suspension loop to a silk moiré ribbon of seventeen alternating longitudinal stripes of red, yellow and black. A gilt inverted metal chevron is afixed to the ribbon of the award first class.
Military Decoration for Exceptional Service or Acts of Courage or Devotion.
The Military Decoration for Exceptional Service or Acts of Courage or Devotion ( ) is awarded to military personnel of any rank for gallantry or devotion to duty, it is also referred to as an 'Article 4' award. It is also awarded in two classes denoted by the addition of an inverted gilt chevron for the award first class.
In the period 2009-2013, the Military Decoration for Exceptional Service or Acts of Courage or Devotion second class was awarded 58 times. During the same period, the Military Decoration for Exceptional Service or Acts of Courage or Devotion first class was not awarded. 
Only the ribbon differs from the long service award, the gallantry award hangs from a red silk moiré ribbon with narrow longitudinal gold and black stripes near the edges. A silver palm can be worn on the ribbon for acts of gallantry during wartime.
Award description.
The medal is a gilt cross pattée surmounted by the royal crown of Belgium with four rays between the cross arms. The obverse bears a circular central medallion with a lion and the circular relief inscription "L'UNION FAIT LA FORCE" (STRENGTH IN UNITY). The reverse is identical except for the central medallion, the center bears the royal monogram of the reigning monarch at time of award surrounded by the relief inscription "ARMÉE * MÉRITE * ANCIENNETÉ" ("ARMY * MERIT * SENIORITY").

</doc>
<doc id="30948699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948699" title="Aurel Ștefan">
Aurel Ștefan

Aurel Ștefan (born 7 January 1950) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30948719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948719" title="Steve Katz (politician)">
Steve Katz (politician)

Dr. Stephen M. Katz (born August 11, 1953) is an American veterinarian, business owner and politician from Mohegan Lake, New York. He is currently a member of the New York State Assembly, representing the 94th Assembly District, including parts of Westchester and Putnam counties.
Early life.
Katz earned a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine in 1984 from the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Animal Science from Cornell University in 1976. During his studies, he served as a field researcher for the World Wildlife Fund in French Guiana and Galapagos. Katz then was the assistant director of the Yotvata Hai-Bar Nature Reserve in Israel, and also lived in Italy for two years where he learned to speak fluent Italian.
Since 1989, Katz has been a veterinarian in private practice, while maintaining a residence in the Mohegan Lake hamlet of Yorktown, New York with his wife and their four daughters. A business owner, Katz is the owner and founder of the Bronx Veterinary Center, a million dollar veterinary hospital in the Bronx in New York City. In 1995, he and his wife opened the Concourse Animal Hospital on the Grand Concourse, also in the Bronx. He is also an avid triathlon participant.
Around 2009, Katz and his family became active members of a local Tea Party, which sparked his political enthusiasm and made him decide to run for office.
Political career.
A political newcomer, Katz was elected assemblyman for the 99th Assembly District on November 2, 2010 as a candidate of the Republican, and Independence parties, in an open race to replace Assemblyman Greg Ball who was elected to the New York State Senate. The businessman and veterinarian self-funded his campaign at a cost of almost $200,000. He ran with strong backing from the Tea Party movement. He defeated a Democratic challenger, as well as a challenger on the Conservative Party of New York line whom he had previously bested in the Republican primary in September 2010.
Katz staked out conservative positions on cutting taxes and spending, a balanced budget, and anti illegal immigration issues, including calling for English to be made the official language of the state of New York. Yet he also attempted to establish pro-conservation bonafidies by backing a moratorium on the controversial proposed hydraulic fracturing in the Marcellus Shale region of New York, a process also known as "hydro-fracking."
As a member of both the Assembly's Alcoholism and Drug Abuse Committee and Higher Education Committee in 2012 Katz voted against a bill that would have legalized medical marijuana. A year later, and 11 weeks after being ticketed for the illegal possession of marijuana (see below), he reversed positions and voted in favor of another bill to legalize medical marijuana in New York state. Katz explained his earlier vote as the result of a "divergence between the will of his district and his core beliefs."
As one of his first official acts as an assemblyman, Katz offered to provide free veterinary care for the police dogs of the K-9 unit in his home town of Yorktown, as the town was facing a budget crisis. In addition to Yorktown, the 99th Assembly District Katz represents in the New York State Assembly includes the towns of Somers and North Salem in Westchester, the towns of Carmel, Patterson, Southeast and the village of Brewster in Putnam County, and the town of Pawling and village of Pawling in Dutchess County.
Marijuana Incident.
On March 14, 2013, Katz was stopped by a state trooper on the New York State Thruway for speeding and was charged with possession of marijuana. On April 25, 2013, a judge adjourned the marijuana possession charges in contemplation of dismissal as part of a plea deal, whereby Katz was required to pay a $75 fine and to perform 20 hours of community service. 

</doc>
<doc id="30948721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948721" title="Steve Katz (musician)">
Steve Katz (musician)

Steve Katz (born May 9, 1945) is a guitarist and record producer who is best known as a member of the rock group Blood, Sweat & Tears. Katz was an original member of the rock bands The Blues Project and American Flyer. As a producer, his credits include the 1979 album "Short Stories Tall Tales" for the Irish band Horslips, and the Lou Reed albums "Rock 'n' Roll Animal" and "Sally Can't Dance" and the Elliott Murphy album "Night Lights". He is married to Alison Palmer, a ceramic artist.
Biography.
Steve Katz's professional career started in the late fifties on a local Schenectady, New York television program called "Teenage Barn". Accompanied by piano, he would sing such hits of the day as "Tammy" and "April Love". At 15, Katz studied guitar with Dave Van Ronk and Reverend Gary Davis. It was at this time that he met and befriended guitarist Stefan Grossman. They would sometimes act as road managers for Reverend Davis and, in so doing, met many of the great “rediscovered” blues men of an earlier era, such as Son House, Skip James and Mississippi John Hurt.
As a part of the Greenwich Village culture during this time, Katz, along with Grossman, Maria Muldaur, John Sebastian and David Grisman became interested in jug band music — the music of Cannon’s Jug Stompers and The Memphis Jug Band. They and other friends formed the Even Dozen Jug Band and recorded an album in 1964 for Elektra Records. Katz played washboard in the band.
After a brief sabbatical in college, Katz, while teaching guitar in Greenwich Village, auditioned for the Danny Kalb Quartet as a two-week substitute for Artie Traum. Traum did not return to the group and when Al Kooper joined, the Blues Project was formed. They worked out of New York, and it was the mid-sixties, so the Blues Project experimented, dabbled in their own style and gave Katz an opportunity to showcase his own songs. The Blues Project recorded three albums while together in their first incarnation. "Steve’s Song", on the "Projections" album was the first original song that Katz had recorded.
After two years as house band at the Cafe Au Go Go and Murray the K’s last “submarine race-watching” spectacular at the RKO 58th Street theater in New York, The Blues Project broke up, playing the Monterey Pop Festival as their last major engagement.
Blood, Sweat & Tears.
After the demise of the Blues Project, Katz, Kooper, Bobby Colomby and Jim Fielder decided to work up a set of music — mainly of Kooper’s new songs — for a benefit concert to raise money to send Kooper to London where he wanted to live. Joined by Fred Lipsius on alto sax, the concert raised "enough money for a cab to the airport". There was no choice but to start another band. Influenced by the Electric Flag and an album by The Buckinghams entitled "Time and Charges", a horn section was utilized with rock arrangements that were a touch more sophisticated than most horn arrangements in rock up to that time. Thus, Blood, Sweat & Tears was formed, a Columbia Records contract obtained, and the album "Child is Father to the Man" released. Recorded and mixed in only two weeks, the album sold moderately well but was a critical success. Katz sang one original song (“Megan’s Gypsy Eyes”) and "Morning Glory" by Tim Buckley.
Kooper left Blood, Sweat & Tears after only six months and while they were reorganizing, Katz wrote record reviews for Eye Magazine, a Cosmopolitan spin-off. Getting the record company to continue with the band without Kooper was difficult. Auditions were held and David Clayton-Thomas was hired as lead singer. Their next album sold six million copies worldwide and fostered three number one singles. Katz continued with Blood, Sweat & Tears for five years, during which time the group won three Grammy Awards, were voted best band by the Playboy Jazz and Pop Poll two years in a row, and won three major Down Beat awards. He wrote many songs during his tenure with the group.
Record producer and label executive.
In 1972 Steve met singer Lou Reed. After the commercial failure of Reed's album "Berlin", Katz produced "Rock & Roll Animal" and in 1974-- two albums; "Sally Can't Dance" and a live record "Rock 'n' Roll Animal". After a number of productions during this period, including "Nightlights" by Elliott Murphy, Katz returned to playing music joining American Flyer with Eric Kaz, Craig Fuller of Pure Prairie League, and Doug Yule from The Velvet Underground. The first of their two albums was produced by George Martin.
In 1977, Katz became East Coast Director of A&R and later Vice President of Mercury Records. During the three years that he spent at Mercury he produced the Irish group Horslips and spent a good deal of time in Ireland producing three albums for the group. Horslips had originally been an acoustic band that sang their songs in Gaelic, and the band members made Katz aware of Irish traditional music. In 1987, Steve became Managing Director of Green Linnet Records, a leading record label of traditional Irish music in America. Katz stayed at Green Linnet for five years, during which time he married Alison Palmer, a ceramic artist. Together, they started a small business. He is a professional photographer. After a 35-year absence, Katz rejoined Blood, Sweat & Tears as the band marked the 40th anniversary of its inception.

</doc>
<doc id="30948726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948726" title="Tomáš Jenčo">
Tomáš Jenčo

Tomáš Jenčo (born 29 September 1988) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Slovak 2. liga club MFK Zemplín Michalovce. He previously played for FC Petržalka 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="30948727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948727" title="Fibuloides cyanopis">
Fibuloides cyanopis

Fibuloides cyanopsis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou), Japan, Vietnam, Indonesia and India.

</doc>
<doc id="30948735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948735" title="AeroVironment Nano Hummingbird">
AeroVironment Nano Hummingbird

The AeroVironment Nano Hummingbird or Nano Air Vehicle (NAV) is a tiny, remote controlled aircraft built to resemble and fly like a hummingbird, developed in the United States by AeroVironment, Inc. to specifications provided by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). The Hummingbird is equipped with a small video camera for surveillance and reconnaissance purposes and, for now, operates in the air for up to 11 minutes. It can fly outdoors, or enter a doorway to investigate indoor environments. It was announced to the public on 17 February 2011.
Specifications.
DARPA contributed $4 million to AeroVironment since 2006 to create a prototype "hummingbird-like" aircraft for the Nano Air Vehicle (NAV) program. The result was called the "Nano Hummingbird" which can fly at and move in three axes of motion. The aircraft can climb and descend vertically; fly sideways left and right; forward and backward; rotate clockwise and counter-clockwise; and hover in mid-air. The artificial hummingbird maneuver using its flapping wings for propulsion and attitude control. It has a body shaped like a real hummingbird, a wingspan of , and a total flying weight of —less than an AA battery. This includes the systems required for flight: batteries, motors, and communications systems; as well as the video camera payload.
Technical goals.
DARPA established flight test milestones for the Hummingbird to achieve and the finished prototype met all of them, and even exceeded some of these objectives:
The device is bigger and heavier than a typical real hummingbird, but is smaller and lighter than the largest hummingbird varieties. It could be deployed to perform reconnaissance and surveillance in urban environments or on battlefields, and might perch on windowsills or power lines, or enter buildings to observe its surroundings, relaying camera views back to its operator. According to DARPA,
the Nano Air Vehicle's configuration will "provide the warfighter with unprecedented capability for urban mission operations."

</doc>
<doc id="30948736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948736" title="Anton Pongratz">
Anton Pongratz

Anton Pongratz (born 18 March 1948) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30948751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948751" title="The Last Dance (Clare Maguire song)">
The Last Dance (Clare Maguire song)

"The Last Dance" is the second single by English singer-songwriter Clare Maguire, released from her debut album, "Light After Dark". It was released in the United Kingdom on 20 February 2011 through Polydor Records.
Music video.
A music video was made for the single and was uploaded to YouTube on the 8 January 2011. The music video was directed by Alex & Liane.
Critical reception.
Nick Levine of "Digital Spy" Blog gave the song a four star rating, and said:
There's an unmistakable whiff of Fleetwood Mac - incense mixed with champers and crack? - to this second single from Clare Maguire. It's there in the passionately romantic but utterly relatable lyrics, it's there in the soaring, sing-along-soon-as-you-hear-it chorus, and it's there in the twinkly keyboard sounds that could almost have been nicked from the Tango In The Night studio tapes.
But this is The Mac pimped up for the teenies, with Maguire's mighty vocals - so committed and filled with sincerity, she'd sell you a papier-mâché pac-a-mac were she (literally) to sing its praises - shrouded by a bombastic but glittery production from Fraser T Smith. The result conjures up images of a muscular drag queen giving great Stevie Nicks in a Soho cocktail joint - the track, that is, not Maguire, who is actually very attractive as well as very talented..

</doc>
<doc id="30948754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948754" title="Leiv Kreyberg">
Leiv Kreyberg

Leiv Kreyberg (1896 – 1984) was a Norwegian pathologist. He was a professor at the University of Oslo from 1938 to 1964. Among his scientific studies was the development and typology of lung cancer. During World War II he contributed to the organizing of the Norwegian Army's medical service, and he participated in the repatriation of prisoners of war in Northern Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="30948755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948755" title="Long Selaan">
Long Selaan

Long Selaan (also written Long Sela'an) is a settlement in Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching. 
The village is located in the Ulu Baram area on the Baram River between Long Semiyang (upstream) and Long Moh (downstream). Kenyah villages are often located where a small stream joins a large river, and take the name of the stream; in this case the small stream is Sungai Sela'an.
There are three subgroups of the Kenyah people in the village: Lepo'Ke, Lepo'Belukun and Lepo'Tepuan. There has been a longhouse on this site for at least fifty years. When Lepo'Tau people moved to the area from the Silat River, the people of Long Sela'an gave an area of land downriver to them, which became the settlement of Long Moh.
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="30948763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948763" title="Luiz de Aguiar Costa Pinto">
Luiz de Aguiar Costa Pinto

Luiz de Aguiar Costa Pinto (February 6, 1920 – November 1, 2002) was a Brazilian sociologist. In his work, Costa Pinto specialized in race relations in Brazil. He was one of the authors of the landmark UNESCO statement "The Race Question", in 1950. In the latter part of his career, in Canada, Costa Pinto taught first at Queen's University, and then at the University of Waterloo.
He was a member of the first generation of major contemporary Brazilian sociologists, working with Florestan Fernandes, Roger Bastide, Oracy Nogueira and Thales de Azevedo. Costa Pinto was born in Salvador, and died in Waterloo, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="30948766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948766" title="Cantharellula umbonata">
Cantharellula umbonata

Cantharellula umbonata is an edible species of fungus in the genus "Cantharellula" native to eastern North America. It is associated with "Polytrichum" moss and fruits in the summer and fall.

</doc>
<doc id="30948781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948781" title="Mark Petersen (musician)">
Mark Petersen (musician)

Mark Petersen is a New Zealand rock guitarist from Auckland. He replaced guitarist Andrew Brough in Straitjacket Fits in 1991. Petersen played on the their "Done" EP and final album "Blow" and toured with the band until they broke up in February 1994. Petersen continued on playing guitar and singing with his 'Cabbage Bomber' but is best remembered for his bass and guitar work in Bob Cardy's ['Shaft']. He played guitar and sang on the Straitjacket Fits 2005 reunion tour of New Zealand. In 2008 he was inducted into the New Zealand Music Hall of Fame with the rest of Straitjacket Fits. He now records and performs under the pseudonym 'Seeds Of Orbit

</doc>
<doc id="30948782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948782" title="Ersan Özseven">
Ersan Özseven

Ersan Özseven (born August 23, 1983 in İstanbul) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for KB RTV 21 in Kosovo. He 6 ft 6 in (2.01 m) tall and he weighs 201 lb (91 kg).
He also played for Oyak Renault, Pinar KSK, Mersin BSB and Aliağa Petkim in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="30948785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948785" title="Berhampore (community development block)">
Berhampore (community development block)

Berhampore (community development block) is an administrative division in Barhampur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Berhampore Town and Daulatabad police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Berhampore. Kasimbazar, Goaljan and Gora Bazar are census towns in this block. 
Geography.
Berhampore is located at 
Berhampore community development block has an area of 194.67 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Berhampore block/ panchayat samiti are:
Bhakuri I, Bhakuri II, Chhaighari, Doulatabad, Gurudaspur, Haridasmati, Hatinagar, Madanpur, Manindra Nagar, Neallishpara Goaljan, Naoda, Nowdapanur, Radharghat I, Radharghat II, Rajdharpara, Rangamati Chandpara, Sahajadpur and Satui Chowrigachha.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Berhampore block has a total population of 378,830, out of which 94,861 were males and 86,466 were females. Berhampore block registered a population growth of 26.80 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Berhampore block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. 

</doc>
<doc id="30948811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948811" title="St Mary's Church, East Ruston">
St Mary's Church, East Ruston

St Mary's Church, East Ruston, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of East Ruston, Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on the east side of the B1159 road, some north of Stalham. It is noted for its 15th-century painted and carved chancel screen.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century. It was remodelled during the following century, and the north aisle was removed in 1778. The chancel was restored in 1887, and the tower was restored in 1985–86. Although the church is now redundant, an annual carol service is held each December.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Mary's is constructed mainly in flint with ashlar dressings, although the north wall is in brick. The roof of the nave is tiled, while the aisle and chancel have lead roofs. Its plan consists of a five-bay nave, a south aisle with a chapel at the east end, a south porch, a two-bay chancel, and a west tower. The tower is in three stages, with angle buttresses and a battlemented parapet. In the lowest stage are two windows, one above the other, the upper window being blocked. In the middle stage are lancet windows, the window on the north side being blocked. Above the window on the south side is a circular clock face. The bell openings in the top stage have two lights. The window in the west wall of the aisle dates from about 1340 and has two lights, but is blocked. The south porch is gabled and has a niche for a statue above the entrance arch. Along the south wall of the aisle are three three-light Perpendicular windows dating from the 15th century, and one two-light window with Y-tracery from the 18th century. The east window in the aisle has a three-light 15th-century window. In the south wall of the chancel are two two-light windows, and the east window has five lights. The north wall of the chancel contains one blocked window. In the north wall of the nave are three Perpendicular windows moved from the former north aisle.
Interior.
The five-bay south arcade is carried on octagonal piers. In the south chapel is a pedestal on two steps, and a piscina. There is another piscina in the south wall of the chancel. The chancel screen has five bays with an arched opening. On the west side, each lateral bay contains two panels with paintings of figures, the Four Evangelists on one side, and four doctors of the early church, Saint Ambrose, Saint Augustine, Saint Jerome, and Saint Gregory on the other. On the east side of the screen are carvings of lions. Above the panels is arched tracery. The font dates from the 15th century and was restored in 1884. It stands on three octagonal steps and consists of an octagonal bowl on a stem. At the base of the stem are carvings of grotesque beasts. The bowl is supported by angels and its panels are carved with symbols of the Evangelists.

</doc>
<doc id="30948812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948812" title="Hygrophorus hypothejus">
Hygrophorus hypothejus

Hygrophorus hypothejus is an edible species of fungus in the genus "Hygrophorus".

</doc>
<doc id="30948822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948822" title="FreedomBox">
FreedomBox

FreedomBox is a community project to develop, design and promote personal servers running free software for distributed social networking, email and audio/video communications. The project was announced by Eben Moglen at the New York ISOC meeting on February 2, 2010.
On February 4, 2011, Moglen formed the FreedomBox Foundation to become the organizational headquarters of the project, and on February 18, 2011, the foundation started a campaign to raise $60,000 in 30 days on the crowdfunding service, Kickstarter. The goal was met on February 22, and on March 19, 2011, the campaign ended after collecting $86,724 from 1,007 backers.
The project currently describes a "FreedomBox" as
The developers aim to create and preserve personal privacy by providing a secure platform for building federated social networks. This shall be done by creating a software stack that can run on plug computers that can easily be located in individual residences or offices. By promoting a decentralized deployment of hardware, the project hopes that FreedomBoxes will "provide privacy in normal life, and safe communications for people seeking to preserve their freedom in oppressive regimes."

</doc>
<doc id="30948829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948829" title="Petri Kaverma">
Petri Kaverma

Petri Kaverma (born 1963) is a Finnish artist and curator who has held several private exhibitions, and participated in various group and joint exhibitions both in Finland and abroad. The themes of his exhibitions have ranged from universal issues to more private and personal topics, and the forms of expression Kaverma uses have varied from photography and video to mixed-media sculptures. Aiming to create a dialogue between the works and their physical and social setting, he has made several works for public spaces. Equally important are the works created in different cultures, particularly in Beijing, China in 2008. Kaverma has taught in several art schools as well as in the Academy of Fine Arts, Helsinki; he has curated exhibitions and organised visual art and environmental art projects both in Finland and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="30948832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948832" title="John Henry Ingram">
John Henry Ingram

John Henry Ingram (1842–1916) was an English biographer and editor with a special interest in Edgar Allan Poe.
Ingram was born November 16, 1842, at 29 City Road, Finsbury Square, Middlesex, and died February 12, 1916, at Brighton, England. His family lived at Stoke Newington, recollections of which appear in Poe's works.
J. H. Ingram dedicated himself to the resurrection of Poe's reputation, maligned by the dubious memoirs of Rufus Wilmot Griswold; he published the first reliable biography of the author and a four volume collection of his works.
Sarah Helen Whitman correspondence with Ingram, with her letters from Poe and a daguerrotype portrait, was added to the library of material he was assembling; Ingram's Poe collection is now held at the Albert and Shirley Small Special Collections Library at the University of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="30948840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948840" title="Kalarickal Manikanda Swami Temple">
Kalarickal Manikanda Swami Temple

Kalarickal Manikanda Swami temple is an ancient temple in Thrikkodithanam village in Kottayam District, Kerala, India.
Lord Siva is the main prathista (idol). The tomb of Kalarickal Gurunathan is also present in the temple. It is said that Karikal Gurunathan was a kalari (traditional kerala martial arts) expert and helped the king of Thrikkodithanam. It is believed that Gurunthan’s birthplace is Edappali, Kochi.
Temple renovation is in progress and it attracts many devotees.
References.
http://www.thrikodithanam.org/

</doc>
<doc id="30948848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948848" title="Platypodium viride">
Platypodium viride

Platypodium viride is a species of tree in the Fabaceae found in Peru. It is one of two accepted species of "Platypodium", the other being "P. elegans". It was first described by Julius Rudolph Theodor Vogel in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="30948849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948849" title="Linsen mit Spätzle">
Linsen mit Spätzle

Linsen mit Spätzle (lentils with Swabian pasta), normally accompanied with wiener sausages, is a traditional Swabian dish that is by many Swabians considered the Swabian national meal in the south western region of Germany.
History.
The dish originated - like many typically Swabian dishes - as a meal for the poor. While meat was too expensive for the major part of the Swabian population, lentils were a popular and nutritious staple food which could be stored during winter.
Today this winter dish is on the menu of many traditional Swabian restaurants. Aside from that, it is a popular meal in company staff canteens and university cafeterias. It is also a popular "normal" dish for cooking at home.

</doc>
<doc id="30948855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948855" title="Follia d'amore">
Follia d'amore

"Follia d'amore" ("Madness of love") is a song by Raphael Gualazzi. It was the winner of the Sanremo Music Festival 2011 in the newcomer artists' section and also won the Critics' "Mia Martini" Award for newcomers. 
On 19 February 2011, Gualazzi was chosen by a specific jury among the participants at the Sanremo Festival to be the Italian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany. The song won second place in the contest, surpassing most expectations. It was the first Italian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest in 14 years, having last entered in 1997. The song was performed in both Italian and English, as "Madness of Love".
The song is included in the soundtrack of the movie "Manuale d'amore 3", directed by Giovanni Veronesi. It also received a nomination for the Nastro d'Argento 2011 for Best Original Song.
Background.
Written by Raphael Gualazzi and produced by Gualazzi himself with Ferdinando Arnò, "Madness of Love" is a stride piano song with swing, R&B and blues influences, characterized by a retro style inspired by the American popular music of the 1920s. Gualazzi described the song as the 
"perfect synthesis of the musical world that inspired me, from Art Tatum to Duke Ellington and Oscar Peterson, the stride piano, an evolution of ragtime, a genre with which I got in touch when I was twenty, and I immediately loved it. I later tried to mix this genre with my classical music education and with the Italian vocal style".
Talking about the lyrical content of the song, Gualazzi explained that it is based on the two most important ingredients to enjoy life, madness and love.
Sanremo Music Festival.
Gualazzi performed the song for the first time on 16 February 2011, during the second night of the 61st Sanremo Music Festival. After qualifying for the final, Gualazzi sang his entry again on 18 February 2011, and on the same night he was declared the winner of the newcomers' section.
The following night, Gualazzi received the Mia Martini Critic's prize, receiving 67 points out of 108, and he was officially chosen as the act representing Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. The song also received the Press, Radio & TV Award.
During Gualazzi's performances, the Sanremo Festival Orchestra was conducted by Ferdinando Arnò, co-producer of the song.
Eurovision Song Contest.
During the Eurovision Song Contest, Gualazzi performed a half-English version of the song, titled "Madness of Love". His performance marked Italy's comeback in the competition, after a 13 years long absence. The last Italian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest was "Fiumi di parole" by Jalisse in 1997.
Since Italy was included in the "Big Five", Gualazzi automatically qualified for the Eurovision final, held on 14 May 2011. His performance was the twelfth of the night. Receiving 189 points, Gualazzi came in second place, behind Ell and Nikki's "Running Scared", representing Azerbaijan.
Music videos.
The Italian version of the videoclip was directed by Valentina Be. For the English-language version of the song, another videoclip was filmed, directed by Duccio Forzano.

</doc>
<doc id="30948859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948859" title="Kevin Bain">
Kevin Bain

Kevin Bain (born 19 September 1972 in Kirkcaldy) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Dundee, Rotherham United, Stirling Albion, Brechin, Peterhead and East Fife.
Bain represented the Scotland national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="30948860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948860" title="Anthony Farindon">
Anthony Farindon

Anthony Farindon (1598–1658), was an English royalist divine.
Early life.
Farindon was born at Sonning, Berkshire, and was baptised on 24 December 1598. His name is also spelled Farndon, Faringdon, Farringdon, Farington, and Farrington. He was admitted a scholar of Trinity College, Oxford, on 9 June 1612. He graduated B.A. on 26 June 1616, was admitted a fellow in 1617, and graduated M.A. on 28 March 1620. Later in the same year he joined with fifty-two other masters of arts, including Gilbert Sheldon and Peter Heylyn, in a petition to John Prideaux, the vice-chancellor. On 17 December 1629 he graduated B.D. Henry Ireton, who was admitted as a gentleman-commoner of Trinity College in 1626, was put under discipline by Farindon for some act of insubordination, and the tutor is said to have remarked that Ireton ‘would prove either the best or the worst instrument that ever this kingdome bred’ (Lloyd).
Clerical career.
In 1634 Farindon was presented by John Bancroft, bishop of Oxford, to the vicarage of Bray, Berkshire; and in 1639, through the interest of William Laud, he obtained in addition the post of divinity lecturer in the Chapel Royal at Windsor. Here he acquired the friendship of John Hales of Eton College. He lost his preferments during the First English Civil War. It is said that Ireton, immediately after the second battle of Newbury (27 October 1644), quartered himself on Farindon, and plundered his vicarage out of revenge for the college grievance. Farindon appears to have been superseded by one Brice, afterwards of Henley, Oxfordshire, and Brice, in 1649, by Hezekiah Woodward, an Independent supporter of Oliver Cromwell. What became of Farindon between 1644 and 1647 does not appear. He seems to have left his wife and children in the parish of Bray; the legal fifths, which were to go to their maintenance, were withheld by Woodward; Hales, though himself obliged to sell part of his library, assisted them.
In 1647, through the influence of Sir John Robinson, a kinsman of Laud, Farindon was chosen minister of St Mary Magdalene, Milk Street. John Bramston wrote that in a short time it was very difficult to get a place. The Milk Street church was known as ‘the scholars' church,’ and Farindon had Henry Hammond and Robert Sanderson among his auditors. He complied with the existing restrictions by not using the "Book of Common Prayer", but this did not save him from the effect of the harsh measures which pursued the sequestered clergy. He is said to have been turned out of his London charge in 1651 or 1652, but this is inconsistent with the date (12 December 1654) of his funeral sermon for Sir George Whitmore. It may be gathered from Walker's statements that he held his position till the taking effect (1 January 1656) of Cromwell's declaration (24 November 1655), which forbade sequestered clergy to preach in public. On the two Sundays preceding his departure a clerical friend preached for him, when the parishioners made collections at the church doors, and presented him with £400.
He returned to the country, and was in the daily habit of paying a visit to Hales, then reduced to a ‘mean lodging’ at Eton, where in May he died. On learning his friend's circumstances, Farindon said: ‘I have at present money to command, and to-morrow will pay you fifty pounds in part of the many sums I and my poor wife have received of you in our great necessities, and will pay you more, suddenly, as you shall want it.’ Hales, though nearly at his last shilling of ready money, refused to take a penny from Farindon. It was to Farindon that Hales gave directions for his simple funeral.
Death.
Farindon died in the country on 9 October 1658; it is not certain whether he had been allowed to resume his London ministry; he was buried at the church in Milk Street. His will, which is dated 6 October, mentions his sons Anthony and Charles, and four daughters.
Works.
Farindon's reputation rests on 130 sermons, of which 31 were published by himself, in a volume dedicated to Robinson, his patron, the remainder by his executors, John Millington and John Powney (son of an old servant of Hales). At the university he had been ‘a noted preacher’ (Walker).
His works are:
There is a complete edition of the sermons, 1849, 4 vols.
Farindon at the time of his death was collecting materials for a life of Hales. These papers were sent by Millington, his executor, to Izaak Walton, who placed them at the disposal of William Fulman. The paper containing Farindon's account of his last visits to Hales came on Fulman's death into the hands of Archdeacon Davies of Sapperton, Gloucestershire, who communicated it to George Walker. Chalmers, in his life of Hales, made some use of Farindon's materials, as digested by Fulman.

</doc>
<doc id="30948862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948862" title="Line of Fire (2002 TV series)">
Line of Fire (2002 TV series)

Line Of Fire is a film documentary produced by Cromwell Productions that shows us historical battles with a difference, the great battlefields of war are presented in an animated environment, providing new insights into military history's most compelling events.

</doc>
<doc id="30948882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948882" title="Sunset Marquis Hotel">
Sunset Marquis Hotel

Sunset Marquis Hotel is an hotel in West Hollywood, Los Angeles County, California. Owned by George Rosenthal, and located at 1200 Alta Loma Road, it is situated just off the Sunset Strip. Described by "Time" as "an old rock-"n"-roll hotel", it is noted for its celebrity clientele, especially rock stars and DJs. Rande Gerber, installed a recording studio in the basement of the hotel to attract entertainers.
History.
In 1995, Courtney Love left a suicide note in her room in the hotel after a fight with then lover Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails. According to her book "", she left a suicide-note-like apology letter addressed to deceased husband Kurt Cobain and daughter Frances Bean, saying that "I love you. Please forgive me. ... You are both too beautiful for me. I love you forever". Love later wrote a song named "Sunset Marquis" for the 2010 "Hole" album "Nobody's Daughter" but it wasn't released on the record. Love reportedly wrote another song, "How Dirty Girls Get Clean", on Marquis notepaper.
On May 28, 1996, Dave Gahan overdosed on a speedball at the hotel, which resulted in his heart stopping for two minutes until he was revived by paramedics.
In 2007, the hotel underwent expansion with an additional 40 villas.
Between December 4, 2010 and March 15, 2011, the hotel hosted a Maximillian Gallery exhibition.
Architecture.
The Sunset Marquis is inspired by Mediterranean style villas, with white and cream buildings and orange roofs and swimming pool. The long entrance pavilion of the hotel is reminiscent of hotels in Mediterranean France or Italy. It has 152 rooms. The rooms are described by Frommer's as being furnished in "mahogany, metal and nubby textiles, with earth-toned fabrics, Noguchi Akari rice-paper lamps and marble counters". Villas are equipped with alarm systems and some have jacuzzis or baby grand pianos. The grounds are spread over 5 acres and despite close proximity to the Sunset Strip is set in lush gardens. Its restaurant is known as "The Room", and caters in French fusion cuisine amongst other cuisines. The hotel also has a spa sanctuary with four private treatment rooms and two manicure or pedicure stations.
Whisky Bar.
The bar of the hotel, known as the Whisky Bar or BAR 1200 was established in 1996. It is a small bar and only accommodates about 45 people but it is known as a hangout for models and celebrities. It is often visited by musicians such as Billy Gibbons, U2, Rolling Stones, Robbie Williams, John Mayer, Aerosmith and Eminem and regularly features exclusive live performances. "Time" magazine describes the Sunset Marquis as "an old rock-"n"-roll hotel; it's gone out of fashion a little bit." By contrast, Frommer's describes the Whisky Bar as "ultra trendy". It regularly hosts music industry and entertainment related events and parties.

</doc>
<doc id="30948886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948886" title="2011 Yokohama F. Marinos season">
2011 Yokohama F. Marinos season

The 2011 Yokohama F. Marinos season was Yokohama F. Marinos's 19th season in J. League Division 1 and 32nd season overall in the top flight (counting the Japan Soccer League and participation in the inaugural J. League Cup). It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup and 2011 Emperor's Cup.
Squad.
As of March 7, 2011 

</doc>
<doc id="30948892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948892" title="Duşan Cantekin">
Duşan Cantekin

Dušan Cantekin (born "Dušan Gavrilović"; Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Гавриловић; born June 21, 1990) is a Serbian born Turkish professional basketball player. He is currently playing for Fenerbahçe Ülker of the Turkish Basketball League. 
He is 7 ft 4 in (2.24 m) tall and he weighs 246 lb (112 kg).
Turkish national team.
He was also a regular Turkey youth national team player.

</doc>
<doc id="30948920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948920" title="Borus">
Borus

In Greek mythology, the name Borus (Βῶρος) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30948922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948922" title="The Wehrmacht (DVD)">
The Wehrmacht (DVD)

The Wehrmacht is a 5 parts documentary that provides differentiated answers on the Wehrmacht role in the World War II based on the latest historical and comprehensive investigative research, bringing many new facts to light, among them documents proving for the first time ever, what many among the officers actually thought from Trent Park operation archives.

</doc>
<doc id="30948924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948924" title="Bernhard Askvig">
Bernhard Askvig

Bernhard Askvig (September 6, 1885 – October 31, 1954) was a Norwegian police officer and Nazi collaborator during the German occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1945. He was chief of police in Aker at the time of Operation Weserübung and helped escort the invading Germans into Oslo. He was inserted as chief of police in Oslo later in April 1940, after the removal of Welhaven. He was convicted to twelve years imprisonment for treason after the war. He died in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="30948927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948927" title="Danny Schell">
Danny Schell

Clyde Daniel Schell (December 26, 1927 – May 11, 1972) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="30948931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948931" title="Leccinum pseudoscabrum">
Leccinum pseudoscabrum

Leccinum pseudoscabrum is an edible species of fungus in the genus "Leccinum".

</doc>
<doc id="30948937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948937" title="Epiphyllum phyllanthus">
Epiphyllum phyllanthus

Epiphyllum phyllanthus, commonly known as the climbing cactus is a species of epiphytic cacti. It has no leaves, instead having stems that photosynthesise. It is thought to be pollinated by hawkmoths, as the flowers only open at night and produce a strong fragrance.
It is the most common epiphyte on the tree, "Platypodium elegans", particularly growing in cavities in the trunk.

</doc>
<doc id="30948939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948939" title="Chandra Lekha Sriram">
Chandra Lekha Sriram

Chandra Lekha Sriram is Professor of Law at the University of London, School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS). She has written and lectured widely on conflict prevention, post-conflict peacebuilding, human rights, international criminal law, and transitional justice. Her most recent monograph, "Peace as governance: Power-sharing, armed groups, and contemporary peace negotiations" (2008), offered a comparative critical examination of the use of power-sharing incentives in peace processes in Colombia, Sri Lanka, and Sudan. Previous monographs on transitional justice and international criminal accountability, "Confronting past human rights violations: Justice versus peace in times of transition" (2004) and "Globalizing Justice for mass atrocities: A revolution in accountability" (2005); (reviewed in Human Rights Quarterly) examined transitional justice and internationalized and externalized criminal justice processes in or for Sierra Leone, Timor-Leste, El Salvador, Honduras, Sri Lanka, South Africa, and Argentina.
Book credits.
Professor Sriram has co-edited or co-authored numerous books on human rights and armed conflict, including
University of East London School of Law.
Professor Sriram was professor of human rights at the University of East London School of Law from 2005–2010, where she founded and directed the Centre on Human Rights in Conflict, an interdisciplinary research centre devoted to work on the intersection between human rights and conflict prevention, resolution, and peacebuilding. As director of the Centre, she was principal investigator on several larger research grants, including, a large research grant from the British Academy, on Rule of law in African countries emerging from violent conflict: Critical issues and cases (2007–2009), which produced the edited volume "Peacebuilding and Rule of Law in Africa: Just peace?" (with Olga Martin-Ortega and Johanna Herman, 2010) European Union Framework VII project on "Just and Durable Peace by Piece" (led by University of Lund, 2008–2011), and a grant from the United States Institute of Peace (with the Norwegian Human Rights Centre, 2010–2012) on Transitional Justice as Peacebuilding.
United Nations Development Programme.
Professor Sriram has consulted for the United Nations Development Programme, Crisis Management International, Human Rights Internet, the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue, and other organizations. She was team leader of a team that produced, for the United Nations Development Programme, a guidance note on governance and conflict prevention and early recovery, and is on the UNDP experts' roster as a human rights expert. From 2008-2010 she was chair of the Human Rights section of the International Studies Association.
International Peace Institute.
Professor Sriram directed the conflict prevention project at the International Peace Academy (now the International Peace Institute, a think tank which works primarily with the United Nations) from 2000-2003, holding numerous conferences, workshops, and seminars with United Nations Security Council member state representatives, and key departments, funds and agencies of the United Nations, academics, and representatives of non-governmental organizations. From 2003-2005, she was a lecturer in the School of International Relations at the University of St. Andrews, after which she was a visiting associate professor in 2005 at the University of Maryland School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="30948954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948954" title="UAAP Season 50 men's basketball tournament">
UAAP Season 50 men's basketball tournament

The 1987 UAAP men's basketball tournament was the 50th year of the men's tournament of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP)'s basketball championship. Hosted by Ateneo de Manila University, the Ateneo Blue Eagles defeated the UE Red Warriors in the finals taking their first UAAP men's basketball championship after transferring from the NCAA (Philippines) in 1978.
Elimination round.
Tournament format:
Season host is boldfaced.<br>UST had to forfeit four wins due to an ineligible player.
<br>
Fedencio Oblina of the University of Santo Tomas (UST) was found to be ineligible as he failed his NCEE examinations. The board then forfeited all of UST's win where Oblina played, with the Goldies going from a 6–3 record (tied for third) to a 2–7 record, at seventh place ahead of winless National University (NU). The forfeitures benefited Adamson, Ateneo and Far Eastern University (FEU): Ateneo found themselves at the top of the standings with an 8–1 record. A source of the "Manila Standard" newspaper confirmed that while Oblina failed the NCEE twice, he passed it on 1985.
NU won their first game in six years with an 89–75 win over the University of the Philippines (UP) squad that was shorthanded by injuries. Their win snapped their nine-game losing streak during the season. Meanwhile, the UAAP Board confirmed that Oblina has been meted with a lifetime ban.
Finals.
Number 1 seed Ateneo only has to win once, while number 2 seed UE has to win twice, to clinch the championship.
With Ateneo center Danny Francisco sitting out the game due to a lung ailment, University of the East (UE) started the game strong, taking a 51–38 lead at halftime. After the Warriors extended their lead to twenty points at 83–63, Ateneo came alive and had a 22–2 run sparked by a three-point shot by Joseph Kenneth Nieto to tie the game at 85–all. Nieto and Gilbert Reyes scored for Ateneo to give them the 92–86 lead. UE tied the score anew at 92–all after free-throws from Bernie Villarias, Conrado Barilo and Modesto Hojilla, but on the succeeding possession, a driving Emilio Chuatico was blocked by Hojilla who was called for an intentional foul. After Chuatico split his free-throws and Ateneo retaining possession, the Blue Eagles dribbled the time until a driving Eric Reyes was fouled by Jerry Codiñera with three seconds left. Reyes ended the game by splitting his free-throws, and giving Ateneo their first UAAP championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30948960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948960" title="McCartney v Oversley House Management">
McCartney v Oversley House Management

McCartney v Oversley House Management IRLR 514 ([http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKEAT/2006/0500_05_3101.html EAT) is a UK labour law case regarding the National Minimum Wage Act 1998.
Facts.
Mrs Macartney was a resident manager at Oversley House, which was originally built as the Alcester Poor Law Union workhouse in 1834. She needed to be within three miles of the residential home and be contactable by mobile phone. She had to respond to emergencies 24 hours a day, four days a week, in her contract. She got £8,750 pa, paid monthly, with rent free accommodation. She claimed that she had been denied proper periods of rest and rest breaks under WTR 1998 rr 10(1) and 12(1). She said she had ‘salaried hours work’ under r 4(1) and that all time on call was working time, so she was getting less than the minimum wage.
The Tribunal found she was not ‘working’ while on call because she could take rest, and so dismissed her claim. As for the minimum wage, she was said to have ‘unmeasured work’ and not salaried work, so her whole shift was not working time. She therefore got over the minimum for her 40 hour week. Mrs Macartney appealed.
Judgment.
Richardson J overturned the Tribunal and held that she was employed on salary work within NMWR 1999 r 4 for the whole period, even though much was spent at home and for part of it she was asleep. Under WTR 1998 r 12(1), she was entitled to an uninterrupted rest break of 20 minutes. She worked more than six hours a day, but the kind of work did not allow for uninterruption. 
WTR 1998 regulation 2(1)(a) defined working time to include a worker not actually doing anything, but required to be present and remain available at a place determined by an employer. So the whole period on call, within short distance of her home was working time. So she could get daily rest period under r 10(1). Under the NMWR 1999 r 4, she had ‘salaried hours work’. So she was not paid the minimum wage.

</doc>
<doc id="30948968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948968" title="Walton v Independent Living Organisation Ltd">
Walton v Independent Living Organisation Ltd

Walton v Independent Living Organisation Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/2003/199.html EWCA Civ 199 is a UK labour law case regarding the National Minimum Wage Act 1998.
Facts.
Miss Julie Walton was a care worker, who looked after Miss E Jones, who had epilepsy but was a relatively easy client. She did washing, ironing, shopping and meals. Miss Walton was required to remain at work for 24 hours a day, and did three days a week. She was paid £31.40 a day and got allowance for meals and sleeping was free when she was with Miss Jones. The National Minimum Wage Team of the Inland Revenue contacted the company about a complaint. The employment agency sent in Miss Butler to do estimates about Miss Walton's hours of work and concluded her tasks took 6 hours and 50 minutes a day. Ms Walton agreed with this, and signed an agreement that this was in fact her hours of work.
Tribunal held that her time was ‘unmeasured’, and that the estimation was an agreement of time for the purpose of NMWR 1999 r 28, even though her whole pay was expressed on a daily basis. Therefore she was paid £4.60 which was over the minimum wage.
Judgment.
Aldous LJ upheld the Tribunal. They had come to an agreement about the average hours of work. Arden LJ said it was a question of fact whether the worker did ‘only stand and wait’ and here she did not, and was able to do something entirely unrelated while at work. Jacob J concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="30948979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948979" title="Michał Lorenc">
Michał Lorenc

Michał Lorenc (born 5 October 1955 in Warszawa) is one of Poland's leading film score composers, best known for his work on "Bastard" (). Since his debut in 1979, he has composed music for more than 150 feature films, documentaries, TV-serials and theatre performances. He won five Golden Lions, Polish Film Festival Awards, for best movie score.

</doc>
<doc id="30948983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948983" title="Beijing–Taipei High-Speed Rail Corridor">
Beijing–Taipei High-Speed Rail Corridor

The Beijing–Taipei High-Speed Railway Corridor (), also known as Beijing-Fuzhou Passgener Railway () due to political status of Taiwan, is a proposed high-speed railway corridor, connecting Beijing and Taipei, in Taiwan. The railway will share track with Beijing–Shanghai High-Speed Railway between Beijing and Bengbu; between Bengbu and Hefei, it is known as Hefei–Bengbu High-Speed Railway; between Hefei and Fuzhou, it is known as Hefei–Fuzhou High-Speed Railway, now under construction; between Fuzhou and Pingtan Island on the western side of Taiwan Strait, it will be known as Fuzhou–Pingtan Railway; from Pingtan to Hsinchu, an undersea tunnel is planned; from Hsinchu to Taipei, it will share track with Taiwan High Speed Rail.

</doc>
<doc id="30948991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948991" title="Skyline SL-222">
Skyline SL-222

The Skyline SL-222 is a three-bladed, twin-engined light utility helicopter developed by the Ukrainian company Skyline. It made its first flight in 2011 and is intended to compete on the civil market in the same low-cost category as the popular Robinson R-22.
Design and development.
The SL-222 is a pod and boom style helicopter, its twin Hirth 3071 ES water cooled, fuel injected, three cylinder two stroke mounter at the rear of the pod and driving a three blade rotor. The tail rotor has two blades and there is a T-tail with a long underfin. The two occupants sit under streamlined glazing in side by side seats. Entry is by a pair of doors, one on each side. The SL-222 has a fixed skid undercarriage.
Structurally, the SL-222 is built around a pair of longitudinal Duralumin spars and a tube steel truss supporting the engines, drive train, fuel tanks, cabin floor and undercarriage. The cabin floor and tailboom are constructed from aluminium alloy. Carbon fibre sandwich materials are used elsewhere and rotors are also composites.
The SL-122 made its first circular flight on or before 16 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30948995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30948995" title="Anna Healy, Baroness Healy of Primrose Hill">
Anna Healy, Baroness Healy of Primrose Hill

Anna Mary Healy, Baroness Healy of Primrose Hill (born 10 May 1955) is a British Labour politician and member of the House of Lords. 
She graduated with a BA in Modern History & Politics from Royal Holloway College in 1976 and has worked for the Labour Party since 1978. She was special adviser to Harriet Harman when Leader of the Commons and John Prescott as Deputy Prime Minister. She worked in the Cabinet Office under Tony Blair's premiership and was then Senior Parliamentary Press Officer for the Labour Party for six years. She has also worked for Jack Cunningham, Mo Mowlam, and Gus Macdonald.
She was created a life peer taking the title Baroness Healy of Primrose Hill, of Primrose Hill in the London Borough of Camden, on 19 July 2010. She sits on the Lords Committee on HIV and AIDS.
Lady Healy married Jon Cruddas, Labour MP, in 1992. They have one son. Cruddas and his wife live in his constituency in Dagenham, although they have another home in Notting Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="30949009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949009" title="Edmonds v Lawson">
Edmonds v Lawson

Edmonds v Lawson [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/2000/69.html EWCA Civ 69 is a UK labour law case regarding the National Minimum Wage Act 1998 and who is not included. It held that pupil barristers are not included for the purposes of the Act. 
Facts.
Rebecca Jane Edmonds was doing a criminal law pupillage with Michael Lawson QC’s chambers, 23 Essex Street. She did an English degree, then a law degree, and after her BVC won an unfunded pupillage, consisting of two sets of six months with different barristers at the chambers.
Sullivan J held that Miss Edmonds was a worker. The chambers appealed.
Judgment.
Lord Bingham CJ, Pill LJ and Hale LJ held that the pupil was neither an apprentice nor a worker because of an absence of commitment to serve. He emphasised that at the end of the long procedure leading up to pupillage it would be surprising if there were no intention for a contract at all. The argument that there was no consideration, was better, but on balance pupils do provide consideration by agreeing to enter into a close, important and potentially very productive relationship. So there was a contract, but it was not argued that this was a contract of employment or service, but one of apprenticeship. As Blackburn J in "The Parish of St Pancras Middlesex v The Parish of Clapham, Surrey" (1860) 2 El & El 742, 754, ‘I have always thought that by ‘apprentice’ is meant one who gives his services in order to be taught.’ All the materials regarding the duties of pupillage imposed no duty to do anything not conducive to her own training and development. Because a pupil master could not withhold a practising certificate on any ground not directly related to the pupil’s training, and since, unlike an apprentice, a pupil in general received no payment, there was no contract of apprenticeship, or employment within NMWA 1998 s 54(2), and she was not a worker under s 54(3).
Significance.
Subsequently the Bar Council agreed to regulate the wages of pupils, setting a minimum wage of £10,000 a year, which at the time matched the minimum wage. This has since been increased to £12,000.

</doc>
<doc id="30949012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949012" title="Maahad Darul Anuar">
Maahad Darul Anuar

Maahad Darul Anuar (MADA) is a private school located in Kota Bharu, Malaysia.
History of Maahad Darul Anuar.
The school was previously known as the "Religious School Darul Anuar" (SMUDA). Originally a boarding school, it was founded by the late Tok Guru Nik Mat.
References.
http://www.maahaddarulanuar.edu.my

</doc>
<doc id="30949020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949020" title="Chrysippe">
Chrysippe

In Greek mythology, the name Chrysippe () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30949026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949026" title="Long Peluan">
Long Peluan

Long Peluan is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching. 
The village is located in the Ulu Baram area in the interior of Sarawak. The nearby village of Long Banga is about four hour’ walk away, and has an airport and a clinic that serves the surrounding villages including Long Peluan. A logging road now links Long Peluan with Long Banga, Merawa Camp, and other villages downstream. 
The village is on the outer limits of Kelabit territory and the people are predominantly Kelabits, though some members of the related Sa'ban tribe also live in Long Peluan.
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="30949037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949037" title="Bryan Aldave">
Bryan Aldave

Bryan Maximiliano Aldave Benítez (born September 29, 1983) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Portuguesa, as a forward.
Club career.
Born in Montevideo, Aldave graduated from hometown's Montevideo Wanderers, and made his senior debuts in 2000, with the club in Segunda División Profesional. In January 2004 he joined Primera División side Rocha.
In January 2005 Aldave moved abroad for the first time of his career, signing with Venezuelan Primera División side Estudiantes de Mérida. In June, however, he moved teams and countries again, joining Cobreloa in Chilean Primera División.
Aldave returned to Uruguay in January 2006, back to former club Rocha. After one and 1/2 seasons with the club he moved back to Venezuela, signing with Trujillanos. On 15 January 2008 Aldave left South America and joined Premier Soccer League side Mamelodi Sundowns in South Africa. Despite appearing regularly for the side, he was transfer listed in August, and subsequently left the club in January 2009, returning to Estudiantes de Mérida.
In the 2010 summer Aldave moved to fellow top divisioner Zamora; in January of the following year, however, he switched teams and countries again, joining Nacional Potosí in Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano. On 7 March 2012 Aldave signed with Deportivo Pasto, but left the club in August after appearing only once, and joined Sud América, back to his homeland.
On 13 January 2013 Aldave moved to Monagas, being released on 17 June. On 14 August he signed with Fénix.
On 11 January 2014, after being sparingly used by Fénix, Aldave moved back to Nacional Potosí. After finishing the campaign as the club's topscorer, he joined Portuguesa in May, with the deal being effetive in July.

</doc>
<doc id="30949038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949038" title="Robert Everard Woodson">
Robert Everard Woodson

Robert Everard Woodson (28 April 1904 – 1963) was an American botanist.
Degree in Biology in 1929 at Washington University.

</doc>
<doc id="30949042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949042" title="British Nursing Association v Inland Revenue">
British Nursing Association v Inland Revenue

British Nursing Association v Inland Revenue [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/2002/494.html EWCA Civ 494 is a UK labour law case regarding the National Minimum Wage Act 1998.
Facts.
Workers were staying at home overnight, and would answer telephone queries. In between they could read or watch television. The employers argued that r 15(1) draws a distinction between work at home and work at an employer’s workplace, so when the worker was not working at home he should not be paid.
Judgment.
Buxton LJ held the workers were "working" even when on call, because ‘the alternative that is apparently contended for by the appellant, that the employees are only working when they are actually dealing with phone calls with all the periods spent waiting for calls excluded, would, in my view effectively make a mockery of the whole system of the minimum wage.’ Buxton LJ's judgment read as follows.
Peter Gibson LJ and Neuberger J agreed.

</doc>
<doc id="30949043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949043" title="Scottbridge Construction Ltd v Wright">
Scottbridge Construction Ltd v Wright

Scottbridge Construction Ltd v Wright [http://www.bailii.org/scot/cases/ScotCS/2002/285.html ScotCS 285 is a UK labour law case regarding the National Minimum Wage Act 1998.
Facts.
Mr Wright was night watchman and was required to work seven nights a week from 5pm to 7am at the employer’s office in Glasgow. He got £210 a week. He was permitted to sleep during his shifts. He had been given a mattress. He could have done so for all but four hours. If he had been paid a minimum wage for all the time on duty he would have had an extra £142.80 a week and a total of £34272.20 by the time of his claim.
The Tribunal held that the four hours when Mr Wright was required to be awake was the relevant time, and so he should be paid for the work when he was on call. The EAT reversed the Tribunal and the case was appealed again.
Judgment.
Lord President Cullen held that NMWR 1999 regulation 15(1) did not apply to Mr Wright, and he should be paid for all the time spent at work, even if asleep. The contract was paid according to a reference by time work. It was held that r 15(1) only applied to time on call, and not the present case.

</doc>
<doc id="30949045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949045" title="Watson High School, Madhubani">
Watson High School, Madhubani

Watson High School Madhubani is a high school located in Madhubani, Bihar, India. It was established in 1901 by A. W. Watson, who was Sub-Divisional Officer in Madhubani from November 1900 to April 1903. 
The school is affiliated to BSEB, Patna, and offers schooling from IX to Class XII. 
Notes.
Its name has been changed to SNSDNG HIGH SCHOOL after 1997

</doc>
<doc id="30949058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949058" title="Scott Walker (footballer)">
Scott Walker (footballer)

Scott Walker (born 12 May 1990 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish footballer playing as a defender for Livingston F.C.. 
When Scott was a child his family moved to Livingston, a town in West Lothian, Scotland. He started playing football at the Livingston F.C. youth academy. Scott was part of the youth team that won their first trophy in March 2009. In April 2009 he was promoted to the first team.
From 2007 to 2009, Scott played for the Northern Ireland under-17 and under-19 national youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="30949066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949066" title="1974 Benson &amp; Hedges Cup">
1974 Benson &amp; Hedges Cup

The 1974 Benson & Hedges Cup was the third competing of cricket’s Benson & Hedges Cup. The competition was won by Surrey County Cricket Club.
See also.
Benson & Hedges Cup

</doc>
<doc id="30949092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949092" title="Petar Skansi">
Petar Skansi

Petar Skansi (born 23 November 1943) is a former Croatian basketball player and coach. During his playing career he played for Jugoplastika Split and Scavolini Pesaro. He was named one of FIBA's 50 Greatest Players in 1991.
He was member of the Yugoslav national basketball team squad which won silver medal in the 1968 Summer Olympics. 
After retiring from playing in 1976 Skansi began coaching and later led Yugoslavia to third place in the 1979 European Championship. After Croatia's independence in 1991 he became the Croatia national basketball team coach and won silver medal with Croatia in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Between the 1970s and early 2000s he coached a number of Italian teams and his best achievement in club sports was winning the 1992 Italian Championship with Pallacanestro Treviso.
For his achievements he was awarded the Franjo Bučar State Award for Sport twice, in 1992 and 2003.
Political career.
From January 2012. until June 2014 he was Deputy Minister of Science, Education and Sports in the centre-left government of Zoran Milanović.

</doc>
<doc id="30949094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949094" title="George Walter (disambiguation)">
George Walter (disambiguation)

George Walter was a politician.
George Walter is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30949096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949096" title="George Walters (disambiguation)">
George Walters (disambiguation)

George Walters was an English VC recipient.
George Walters is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30949098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949098" title="Peeter Süda">
Peeter Süda

Peeter Süda ( in Viki, Saare County – 3 August 1920 in Tallinn) was a father of the Estonian organ school, composer and an early collector of Estonian folksongs.
He studied at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory from 1902 to 1912. His organ teachers were Louis Homilius and Jacob Handschin, his composition professors included Anatoly Lyadov, Alexander Glazunov, Jazeps Vitols and Nicolai Soloviev. After graduation he worked as an organist and piano teacher in Tallinn.
Works.
His works consist mainly of polyphonic organ music, sometimes with folk influences. He also wrote a choral fugue, "The flax puller".
Influence.
The Peeter Süda Memorial Foundation was established in 1924, eventually becoming the Estonian Theatre and Music Museum was set up. The museum regards the "heart" of Estonian Theatre and Music Museum."

</doc>
<doc id="30949099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949099" title="Ladislav Matejka">
Ladislav Matejka

Ladislav Matějka (May 30, 1919 České Budějovice - September 29, 2012 West Newton, Massachusetts) was a Czech scholar of semiotics and linguistic theory, who translated and published many contributions to Prague linguistic circle theory. He received his doctorate in Charles University in Prague in 1948 and then emigrated to the U.S. From 1956 until 1989 he taught at University of Michigan in the Slavic Department. In 1962, he founded Michigan Slavic Publications, a series that has published more than 100 volumes by authors such as Roman Jakobson and Nikolai Trubetzkoy.
From 1982-1993 he edited the series "Cross Currents" that published material by Milan Kundera, Josef Škvorecký and Czesław Miłosz.
His academic correspondence has been deposited at Howard Gotlieb Archival Research Center, Boston University.

</doc>
<doc id="30949123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949123" title="Great Munden">
Great Munden

Great Munden is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England. The parish, in the district of East Hertfordshire, spans , of which are arable land, are permanent grass and are wood. It has a population of 477 and is situated north of the town of Ware. The village includes the church of St Nicholas, Munden Bury, and a rectory that includes the remains of a moat. Other settlements in the parish include Nasty and Levens Green. A detached portion of Little Munden was added to the parish in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="30949146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949146" title="Crete (mythology)">
Crete (mythology)

In Greek mythology, the name Crete (Κρήτη) may refer to several figures, all of whom are associated with the homonymous island of Crete, and may have been considered its eponyms:

</doc>
<doc id="30949166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949166" title="Over the Moon">
Over the Moon

Over the Moon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30949171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949171" title="Lacmellea panamensis">
Lacmellea panamensis

Lacmellea panamensis is a species of tree in the Apocynaceae family. It is a medium-sized tree, with a straight trunk, that is scattered with conical spines that are rather blunt, a distinctive feature of the species. Its leaves are around long, spaced evenly along branches, simple in shape, dark green and if damaged produce a white latex. Their flowers are white and around long thin tubes and develop into yellow berries of 3 cm in diameter.
Its seeds weigh around and when they germinate the cotyledons remains underground, acting as an energy store. In an artificial experiment, 80% of seedlings were able to survive having their leaves removed, or being placed in deep shade (0.08% of full sunlight), making them relatively shade tolerant.

</doc>
<doc id="30949189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949189" title="Pauline Hamill">
Pauline Hamill

Pauline Hamill (born 18 December 1971) is a former Scottish female international football forward who retired in 2011 while playing for Celtic in the Scottish Women's Premier League. Hamill made her senior Scotland debut in 1992 and has since amassed a record 141 appearances for the national team.
A left–sided winger or forward, Hamill has enjoyed a long career at club level with spells in Iceland and England. She was the first woman to reach 100 caps for Scotland and retired having made the most appearances for the Scottish national team of any player, male or female.
Club career.
Brought up in Airdrie, Hamill played for Craigburn Boys U-12s and Coltness Ladies before commencing her senior career with 13 years at Cumbernauld Ladies.
Playing for Stenhousemuir in 1999–00, Hamill failed to score in a 9–0 Scottish Women's Cup final win over Clyde.
After switching to Kilmarnock Ladies, Hamill spent the 2001 summer season in Iceland with IBV and scored 16 goals in the Úrvalsdeild. Back with Kilmarnock for the following season, Hamill scored in the Ayrshire club's 2-0 Women's Scottish Cup final win over local rivals Ayr United.
Hamill then joined Hibernian Ladies and, in July 2004, made her debut in European club competition with the Hibees. In summer 2005 Hamill signed for English Premier League team Doncaster Rovers Belles, where she impressed as a goalscoring midfielder. After short spell back with Hibernian, Hamill returned to England in January 2008 and finished 2007–08 with Blackburn Rovers Ladies. 
Hamill joined Spartans Women ahead of the 2010 Scottish Women's Premier League season. She had been playing for Celtic in the intervening period. Hamill returned to Celtic for season 2011.
International career.
Hamill made her senior Scotland debut in a 1-0 Euro 1993 qualifier defeat to England in Walsall on 17 April 1992. In August 2007 Hamill became the first female player to win 100 caps for Scotland, in a friendly against Belgium at McDiarmid Park. Two months later Hamill won her 103rd cap, scoring in a 3-0 away win against Slovakia, overtaking Kenny Dalglish's record of 102 and becoming Scotland's most capped footballer of all time.Her last cap for the National Team was in an away draw v Denmark in 2010.
Coaching career.
Hamill is coach of the SFA Women’s National Football Academy at the University of Stirling and of the Scotland national women's U–17 team. She is now entering her 5th year in this role. As well as being WU17 coach, Hamill has coached the WU15 previously and assisted with the WU19.
In July 2003 Hamill became the first ever female coach at Rangers FC, when she was appointed to a youth development role at the Murray Park training complex.
Hamill completed her UEFA A licence in June 2013 and is starting an Msc in Performance Coaching at the University of Stirling, from September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30949200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949200" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Arizona, 2012">
United States House of Representatives elections in Arizona, 2012

The 2012 United States House of Representatives elections in Arizona were held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012, to elect the nine U.S. Representatives from the state, one from each of the state's nine Congressional districts, including the newly created 9th district following the 2010 United States Census. The elections coincided with other federal and state elections, including a quadrennial presidential election, and a U.S. Senate election. Primary elections were held on August 28, 2012.
Overview.
The table below shows the total number and percentage of votes, as well as the number of seats gained and lost by each political party in the election for the United States House of Representatives in Arizona. In addition, the voter turnout and the number of votes not valid will be listed below.
Redistricting.
Due to population gains reflected in the 2010 United States Census, Arizona's congressional delegation increased from eight members to nine in 2012. In accordance with the Arizona Constitution, the Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission produced new congressional district maps for use in the 2012 and following elections. As of November 5, 2011, the commission had produced a draft map of new congressional boundaries and completed a round of public hearings for input on the draft map. The final map, after being cleared for compliance with the Voting Rights Act by the United States Department of Justice, became the official district boundaries for the 2012 and subsequent elections.
On November 1, 2011, Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, with the approval of the Arizona Senate, removed Colleen Mathis, the commission's chair, charging Mathis was guilty of "failure to apply the Arizona Constitution's redistricting provisions in an honest, independent and impartial fashion." On November 17, the Arizona Supreme Court overturned Brewer's decision and reinstated Mathis. On November 21, Brewer asked the Supreme Court to reconsider its decision and to temporarily reverse Mathis' reinstatement. The Supreme Court refused. The map was pre-cleared by the U.S. Department of Justice on April 9, 2012, and is in full effect.
District 1.
Based upon the new map, the 1st district is slightly friendlier to Democrats than its predecessor. Incumbent Republican Paul Gosar, first elected in 2010, ran for election in the more conservative 4th district.
Former state senator Jonathan Paton, who unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination in the 8th district in 2010, won the Republican nomination against Douglas "Doug" McKee, a contractor, and Douglas Wade. Former state Representative Bill Konopnicki did not seek the Republican nomination. Gary Pierce, a member of the Arizona Corporation Commission, did not run.
Former U.S. Representative Ann Kirkpatrick, who represented the 1st district from 2009 to 2011; won the Democratic nomination against Wenona Benally Baldenegro, an attorney and member of the Navajo Nation, and Miguel Olivas, a government consultant and one-time staffer for former U.S. Representative Rick Renzi. Kim Allen was the Libertarian nominee. Kirkpatrick won re-election on November 6, 2012.
District 2.
Much of 2nd district is composed of land previously located in the 8th district and is thus more favorable to Democrats. Democrat Gabrielle Giffords, who had represented the 8th district since 2007, was seriously wounded in a mass shooting in January 2011 and resigned her congressional seat in January 2012. A special election was be held in June 2012 under the boundaries of the current 8th district, with a primary election held in April 2012; in November 2012 another election will take place under the new boundaries of the 2nd district, with a primary scheduled for August 2012.
Ron Barber, Giffords' district director, won the Democratic nomination in the special election. State Representative Matt Heinz and Nomiki Konst, a University of Arizona alumna, will seek the Democratic nomination in the regularly scheduled August 2012 primary but will not run in the special election. State Senator Paula Aboud and state Representative Steve Farley had planned to run in the regularly scheduled primary, but dropped out once Barber decided to run for the full term.
State senator Frank Antenori; Jesse Kelly, a U.S. Marine Corps veteran who unsuccessfully challenged Giffords as the Republican nominee in 2010; and retired U.S. Air Force Colonel Martha McSally will seek the Republican nomination in both the special election and the regularly scheduled election. Dave Sitton, a sports announcer for the University of Arizona, will seek the Republican nomination in the special election but in February 2012 would not commit to running in the regularly scheduled election if unsuccessful in the special election.
John Lervold, a U.S. Army veteran who now works as an interrogation instructor at Fort Huachuca, planned to seek the Republican nomination in the special election, saying he would not run in the regularly scheduled election if the special election was won by any other Republican besides himself; however Lervold did not receive enough signatures to appear on the special election primary ballot.
Jesse Kelly won the Republican primary on April 17, 2012, but lost to former Giffords aide Ron Barber in a special election. Anthony Powell is the Libertarian nominee. McSally (R) faced Barber (D) and Libertarian Anthony Powell in the general election on November 6, 2012. Barber was declared the winner and McSally conceded on November 17, 2012.
District 3.
In the October 2011 redistricting draft proposal, most of the 7th district would become the 3rd district and made more favorable to Democrats. Incumbent Democrat Raúl M. Grijalva, first elected in 2002, said in February 2011 that he had no plans to run for the U.S. Senate.
Former state Senator Amanda Aguirre and J. Manuel "Manny" Arreguin, an OB/GYN, challenged Grijalva in the Democratic primary. David Crowe Robles, a defense contractor, also sought the Democratic nomination, but dropped out of the race in May 2012.
Gabriela Saucedo Mercer, a conservative activist; and Jaime Vasquez, a businessman, both sought the Republican nomination. Ruth McClung, who unsuccessfully challenged Grijalva as the Republican nominee in the 7th district in 2010, did not run. Grijalva easily won re-election on November 6, 2012.
District 4.
The new 4th congressional district encompasses most of the rural areas in the old 2nd district, as well as significant portions of the old 1st, 5th, and 6th districts, according to the final maps of the Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission. The district is heavily Republican.
In the November 6, 2012, general election, Paul Gosar, who has represented the 1st district since 2011, was the Republican Party nominee. He moved to Prescott in order to run in the district. Joe Pamelia, also of Prescott, was the Libertarian Party nominee, Richard Grayson of Apache Junction and Brooklyn was the Americans Elect Party nominee, and Johnnie Robinson of Florence was the Democratic Party nominee. Gosar won re-election on November 6, 2012.
District 5.
In the October 2011 redistricting proposal, most of the 6th district would become the 5th district and continue to favor Republicans. Incumbent Republican Jeff Flake, who has represented this district since 2001, sought the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate. Kirk Adams, the former Speaker of the Arizona House of Representatives; and Matt Salmon, who held the seat from 1995 until 2001, sought the Republican nomination. Russell Pearce, the former president of the state senate announced that he would run for a seat in the Arizona State Senate's new district 25; however, on August 28, 2012, he lost his comeback bid to businessman Bob Worsley, by 56% to 44%.
Chuck Gray, former majority leader of the Arizona Senate, announced in February 2011 that he would seek the Republican nomination but withdrew from the race in December 2011. Travis Grantham, an Arizona Air National Guard captain, had planned to run in the 5th district but announced in January 2012 that he would instead run in the 9th district.
Spencer Morgan, a student at Mesa Community College, won the Democratic nomination. Salmon faced Morgan in the general election on November 6, 2012; Salmon won re-election.
District 6.
Republican U.S. Representatives Ben Quayle and David Schweikert, who represented the 3rd and 5th districts, respectively, since January 2011, both sought re-election in the new 6th district; Schweikert won.
Matt Jette, a business professor at the Thunderbird School of Global Management who ran for Governor of Arizona as a Republican in 2010, won the Democratic nomination. Schweikert defeated Jette in the November 6, 2012, general election.
District 7.
In accordance with the draft proposal, most of the 4th district became the 7th district and will remain the most Democratic district in Arizona. Incumbent Democrat Ed Pastor considered a run for the U.S. Senate but decided against it.
State senator Kyrsten Sinema, who considered a bid for Congress and lived in the former 4th district, opted to run in the 9th district.
José Peñalosa, an attorney who lost in the Republican primary in the 4th district in 2010, ran as an Independent candidate.
Pastor won re-election on November 6, 2012.
District 8.
In the current draft proposal, most of the Maricopa County portion of the old 2nd district will be renumbered as the 8th district and made more favorable to Republicans. Incumbent Republican Trent Franks, who had considered running for the U.S. Senate, instead ran successfully for re-election.
District 9.
Under the draft proposal, most of the old 5th District became the 9th District. It now encompasses portions of southern Phoenix, as well as all of Tempe and parts of Scottsdale, Mesa, Chandler and Paradise Valley. It is not considered safe for either party.
Former Democratic state senator Kyrsten Sinema defeated Republican nominee Vernon Parker and Libertarian nominee Powell Gammill.
Sinema won the general election on November 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30949216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949216" title="Pițurcă">
Pițurcă

Piţurcă may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30949219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949219" title="Person of Christ">
Person of Christ

In Christology, the Person of Christ refers to the study of the human and divine natures of Jesus Christ as they co-exist within one person.
There are no direct discussion in the New Testament regarding the dual nature of the Person of Christ as both divine and human. Hence, since the early days of Christianity theologians have debated various approaches to the understanding of these natures.
Historically in the Alexandrian school of thought (fashioned on the Gospel of John) Jesus Christ is the eternal Logos who already possesses unity with the Father before the act of Incarnation. In contrast, the Antiochian school views Christ as a single, unified human person apart from his relationship to the divine.
The views of these schools can be summarized as follows:
However, after the First Council of Nicaea in 325 the Logos and the second person of the Trinity were being used interchangeably.
From the 2nd century onwards, the Christological approaches to defining the Person of Christ and how the human and divine elements interact and inter-relate resulted in debates among different Christian groups and produced schisms.
In the period immediately following the Apostolic Age, specific beliefs such as Arianism and Docetism (polar opposites of each other) were criticized and eventually abandoned. Arianism which viewed Jesus as primarily an ordinary mortal was considered at first heretical in 325, then exonerated in 335 and eventually re-condemned as heretical at the First Council of Constantinople of 381. On the other end of the spectrum, Docetism argued that Jesus' physical body was an illusion, and that he was only a spiritual being. Docetic teachings were attacked by St. Ignatius of Antioch and were eventually abandoned by proto-orthodox Christians.
The First Council of Ephesus in 431 debated a number of views regarding the Person of Christ. The council was called by Cyril of Alexandria at the request of Pope Celestine I who was unhappy with Nestorius, who had previously been a preacher in Antioch, and his view that regarded the Person of Christ as having a disjoint human nature from his divine nature. At the same gathering the council also debated the doctrines of Monophysitism (i.e. the Person of Christ has only one nature) versus Miaphysitism (i.e. the Person of Christ has two natures united as one). The council rejected Nestorianism (i.e. the Person of Christ having two disjoint natures) and adopted the "Hypostatic union" i.e. two co-existing natures in the Person of Christ. The language used in the 431 declaration was further refined at the 451 Council of Chalcedon.
The Council of Chalcedon endorsed the "Hypostatic union", stating that the human and divine natures of the Person of Christ co-exist, yet each is distinct and complete. However, the Chalcedon creed was not accepted by all Christians. To date, Roman Catholicism, Eastern Orthodoxy, Anglicanism, Lutheranism, and Reformed adhere to the Chalcedonian creed, while many branches of Eastern Christianity such as Syrian Orthodoxy, Assyrian Church, Coptic Orthodoxy, Ethiopian Orthodoxy, and Armenian Apostolicism reject it.
The Third Council of Constantinople in 680 held that both divine and human wills exist in Jesus, with the divine will having precedence, leading and guiding the human will.
Because Saint Augustine died in 430 he did not participate in the Council of Ephesus in 431 or Chalcedon in 451, but his ideas had some impact on both councils. On the other hand, the other major theological figure of the Middle Ages, Thomas Aquinas, had much to say about the Person of Christ. In particular regarding the attributes of the union of the natures of Christ (as in Communicatio Idiomatum) Aquinas concluded that the union of the divine and the human in the Person of Christ is achieved in a manner that each maintains its own attributes.
John Calvin maintained that there was no human element in the Person of Christ which could be separated from the person of The Word. Calvin also emphasized the importance of the "Work of Christ" in any attempt at understanding the Person of Christ and cautioned against ignoring the Works of Jesus during his ministry.
The study of the Person of Christ continued into the 20th century, with modern theologians such as Karl Rahner and Hans von Balthasar. Rahner pointed out the coincidence between the Person of Christ and The Word of God, referring to and which state that whoever is ashamed of the words of Jesus is ashamed of the Lord himself. Balthasar argued that the union of the human and divine natures of Christ was achieved not by the "absorption" of human attributes but by their "assumption". Thus in his view the divine nature of Christ was not affected by the human attributes and remained forever divine.

</doc>
<doc id="30949262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949262" title="Naze'at">
Naze'at

Naze'at () are a series of Iranian-made artillery rocket with an estimated range of 100 km. There are two known variants, named Naze'at 6-H and Naze'at 10-H, each with different specifications. Like Zelzals, Naze'at rockets don't have a guidance system.

</doc>
<doc id="30949269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949269" title="George Farington">
George Farington

George Farington (1752–1788) was an English artist.
Life.
Farington was born at Leigh, Lancashire, his baptism being recorded on 10 November 1752, and was fourth son of the Rev. William Farington, vicar of there, who was later rector of Warrington. He was for many years a student of the Royal Academy, and obtained the silver medal in 1779, and in 1780 he won the gold medal for the best historical picture, the subject being ‘The Caldron Scene from Macbeth.’ He had in his early studies been guided by his brother Joseph Farington the landscape-painter, but his preference being for historical subjects he became a pupil of Benjamin West. John Boydell gave him many commissions, and for him he made several drawings from the Houghton collection.
In 1782 he went to India, practising his art. When making studies for a grand picture of the court of the Nawab of Murshidabad, he fell ill, and died there a few days later in 1788.

</doc>
<doc id="30949273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949273" title="Sciurus ingrami">
Sciurus ingrami

Sciurus ingrami, commonly known as Ingram's squirrel, Atlantic Forest squirrel, and serelepe, is a squirrel found in South America. It is found in the Atlantic Forest Biome of Brazil.
It is regarded variously as a species, or as a subspecies of the Brazilian squirrel. 
It is solitary and territorial, but has been seen to act together and mob a predatory cat, the margay.

</doc>
<doc id="30949276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949276" title="Coryphantha ramillosa">
Coryphantha ramillosa

Coryphantha ramillosa is a rare species of cactus known by the common names bunched cory cactus and whiskerbush. It is native to the border region between Texas in the United States and Coahuila in Mexico. Because it was believed to be rare and threatened by a number of processes, it was federally listed as a threatened species of the United States in 1979.
The range and abundance of this plant are not well known, especially within Mexico, and it may not be as uncommon as was thought in 1979. The cactus occurs in at least seven locations in Texas, several being within the bounds of Big Bend National Park. One of the most recent estimates of abundance in Texas is 5,000 to 10,000 individuals in two counties. The range of appropriate habitat in Mexico covers 2.5 times the amount of land as in Texas. Many of the plants are located in remote areas, which helps protect them from people. A major threat to the species is harvesting by cactus enthusiasts and dealers.
This cactus is generally spherical or cylindrical in shape, and unbranched. It grows up to about 9.5 centimeters long and is textured with protruding areoles up to 2 centimeters tall. The areoles bear curving spines, the central one thick, dark, and up to 4.3 centimeters in length. The smaller spines are light in color, often white. The showy flower occurs at the apex of the cactus body and measures up to 6.5 centimeters long. Its tepals are pink, lightening to pale pink or white near the center, and sometimes with darker midstripes. The rounded fruit is pale to dark green, fleshy and juicy and 1 or 2 centimeters long. The plant blooms in the summer, with an extended blooming period when rainfall is higher.
The cactus occurs in desert scrub habitat, generally in dry, rocky, barely accessible areas where few other plants grow. The substrate is limestone. 
The plant is being propagated and studied at Desert Botanical Garden in Phoenix, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="30949281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949281" title="141st Training Aviation Regiment">
141st Training Aviation Regiment

The 141st Training Aviation Regiment ("Serbo-Croatian: 141. školski puk / 150. школски пук") was an aviation regiment established in 1952 as part of the SFR Yugoslav Air Force. The regiments was stationed at Ilidža-Sarajevo airport until it was disbanded in 1953.
History.
The 141st Training Aviation Regiment was formed on January 1, 1952, by order from December 17, 1951 at Ilidža-Sarajevo airport as part of Active Aviation Officers School of Military Aviation Academy. For its short existence it was equipped with domestic-made trainer aircraft and Soviet-made Yak-9U. It was disbanded on January 20, 1953 by order from December 20, 1952, and personnel and equipment were sent to 104th Training Aviation Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="30949283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949283" title="Igor Slyusar">
Igor Slyusar

Igor Slyusar (, ) (born May 22, 1989) is a Ukrainian professional ice hockey player currently playing for Bilyi Bars of the Professional Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30949295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949295" title="National Resistance Museum, Luxembourg">
National Resistance Museum, Luxembourg

History.
From the late 1940s, those involved in the resistance and political deportees began to plan a national resistance museum in order to preserve the memory of Luxembourg's victims of the Nazi occupation. A committee made up of the City of Esch-sur-Alzette, unions and representatives of resistance movements under the presidenc of Ed Barbel, undertook a fund-raising exercise which led to the opening of the Resistance Museum on 22 July 1956. The building had been designed by the architects Nicolas Schmit-Noesen and Laurent Schmit.
In 1984, the Minister of Culture, Robert Krieps, had the collection renewed and the museum renovated. The museum re-opened in 1987, and through ministerial authority was now dubbed a "National" museum. Since 2008 Frank Schroeder, a former art teacher, manages the museum. 
The collection.
The exhibition on the ground floor describes the fate of the Luxembourg people from the German invasion on 10 May 1940, the beginning of the Nazi regime, until the liberation in September 1944 with the arrival of the Americans or in January 1945 after the Battle of the Bulge. The first floor is devoted to artefacts from the concentration camps and the treatment of Luxembourg's Jews. 
Works of art include the reliefs by Emile Hulten and Claus Cito outside the museum to sculptures by Lucien Wercollier and René Weyland inside. The large fresco by Foni Tissen and his canvas of the Hinzert concentration camp as well as Yvonne Useldinger's drawings of the Ravensbrück camp are also of note.
Exhibitions.
Since September 2009, temporary exhibitions have been displayed in the museum. Approximately every six months a new exhibition is shown: 
For May 2014, an exhibition on Nelson Mandela is planned. 
Opening hours.
The museum is open from Tuesday to Sunday, 2 pm to 6 pm. There is no admission charge.
Groups can visit every day of the week from 8 am (free, appointment required).

</doc>
<doc id="30949312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949312" title="Charles Farley">
Charles Farley

Charles Farley (1771–1859) was an English actor and dramatist.
Career.
Farley was born in London and entered the theatrical profession at an early age, making his first appearance as a page at Covent Garden Theatre, London, in 1782. He came to notice in legitimate drama as Osric in "Hamlet", Trip in "The School for Scandal", and similar parts. He was better known, however, as a melodramatic performer and as an efficient stage-manager. He was the instructor of Joseph Grimaldi, with whom he starred in a production of "Valentine and Orson" in 1806, Farley playing the former role. He also assisted Thomas Dibdin in the composition of "Harlequin and Mother Goose", the show which boosted Grimaldi to stardom. From 1806 to 1834 the Covent Garden pantomimes owed much of their success to Farley's inventive mind and diligent superintendence. As a theatrical machinist he was in his time without a rival, and he was the originator of many of the incidents and tricks introduced into the dramas and pantomimes at this house. His acting was in the old-fashioned noisy manner, with much gesture, a popular style with the contemporary audience.
He retired from public life in 1834, and died at his residence, 42 Ampthill Square, Hampstead Road, London, on 28 January 1859.
Appearances.
Notable roles include Sanguinback in "Cherry and Fair Star", Grindoff in "The Miller and his Men" (a piece for which Sir H. R. Bishop wrote charming music), Robinson Crusoe, and his Timour the Tartar. He also played comedic characters, such as Jeremy in "Love for Love" and Lord Trinket in "The Jealous Wife".
Written Pieces.
Farley wrote many plays himself, most of which were not printed. Some notable works include:

</doc>
<doc id="30949322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949322" title="MAT Airways">
MAT Airways

MAT Airways was an airline based in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. Its main base was Skopje "Alexander the Great" Airport.
History.
The biggest Serbian tourist agency Kon Tiki Travel, Belgrade, and Metropolitan Investment Group, Belgrade, in accordance with Macedonian statutory regulations have established the new air transport company. The airline leased its first aircraft from Aviogenex, however, this plane has been returned to its owner and is now flying for Jat Airways. 
Skywings International Airlines, Macedonia’s largest charter airline, was left without an operating license and decided to merge with its rival MAT, with the aim of reducing costs and optimizing operations. As a result, MAT operated 2 aircraft.
In May 2011 Skywings decided to split from MAT, only a month after they merged. 
On Monday, 4 July it was announced that MAT Airways has suspended its services. Their only aircraft is currently grounded and it's not announced when they will resume flights.
The Macedonian Civil Aviation Agency says that it did not play a part in MAT’s service suspension and adds that the airline has a permit to operate flights from Skopje and Ohrid to Zurich, Düsseldorf, Berlin, Hamburg, Vienna and Copenhagen until June 15, 2012.
On Friday, 15 July MAT Airways resumed their services. The airline voluntarily grounded its sole aircraft, a Boeing 737-500. According to MAT’s management it did so in order to review its position on the market in face of increased competition. However, other sources claim that the airline has been having financial problems.
Destinations.
According to the Skopje Airport and MAT Airways websites, MAT operated the following service (as of May 2011):
The airlines is now closed down
Fleet.
The MAT Airways fleet included the following aircraft ():

</doc>
<doc id="30949336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949336" title="Remington Spartan 453">
Remington Spartan 453

The Remington Spartan 453 is a semi-automatic gas operated. It is a variant of a popular Russian shotgun MP-153 manufactured by Izhevsk Mechanical Plant for export under trademak "Baikal", in Izhevsk, Russia. It is marketed and distributed by Remington. The Spartan 453 is inexpensive compared to other semi-automatic shotguns. It is most often used for hunting birds, and for clay target games such as trap and skeet. Remington ceased importing the shotgun in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30949345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949345" title="Otto Armster">
Otto Armster

Life.
Armster was a friend of Admiral Wilhelm Canaris head of the counter-intelligence (Abwehr) and stood in contact with the circuit of resistance since 1939. As a Colonel and head of the counter-intelligence station in Vienna since April 1944, he worked closely with Georg Alexander Hansen, Hans Oster and Ludwig Gehre.
In connection with his resistance activities Armster had constant contact to General Friedrich Olbricht and other conspirators of the 20 July plot, through Olbricht’s confidant Hermann Kaiser. Armster has been designated by the conspirators to become liaison officer of defense circle XVIII (Salzburg).
On 23 July 1944 Armster had been arrested by the Gestapo and transported to Berlin, where he was taken into custody at the solitary confinement prison on Lehrter Street until 25 April 1945. By 15 May 1945 the NKWD arrested and consequently abducted him to the Soviet Union, where he was kept imprisoned until 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="30949356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949356" title="James Lewis Farley">
James Lewis Farley

James Lewis Farley (9 September 1823 - 12 November 1885), was an Irish banker, diplomat and writer on Eastern affairs.
Early life.
Farley was the only son of Thomas Farley of Meiltran, County Cavan, was born at Dublin on 9 September 1823. He was destined for the legal profession, and studied at Trinity College. His attention, however, was early directed to Turkey and the East. 
Banking career.
After the conclusion of the Crimean war and the signing of the peace of Paris in 1856, the Ottoman Bank was formed through the efforts of English capitalists. Farley accepted the post of chief accountant of the branch at Beirut, which he assisted in successfully establishing. 
In 1860 Farley was appointed accountant-general of the state bank of Turkey at Constantinople, which subsequently became merged in the Imperial Ottoman Bank. From this time forward he was a close student of the Turkish empire, and gained a wide knowledge of its people and rulers, as well as of its trade and financial condition. 
Writing.
In 1858 he published a work on ‘The Massacres in Syria,’ warmly defending the cause of the Christians.
Farley wrote in 1861 an account of ‘The Druses and the Maronites.’ The following year he issued his work on ‘The Resources of Turkey,’ which dealt especially with the question of the profitable investment of capital in the Ottoman empire. The writer showed that the extension of British trade throughout the Turkish empire was mainly due to the energy and perseverance of the Greeks. ‘Banking in Turkey’ appeared in 1863, and ‘Turkey; a Sketch of its Rise, Progress, and Present Position,’ in 1866. Farley issued a further work on ‘Modern Turkey’ in 1872, which was followed in 1875 by a brochure on ‘The Decline of Turkey Financially and Politically,’ in which he warned Turkish bondholders of their impending dangers. 
Farley had been on intimate personal terms with Fuad and A'ali Pasha, but after their fall he severely condemned the misrule and oppression of their successors. In consequence of the breaking out of the Bulgarian massacres in 1876, Farley published his ‘Turks and Christians: a Solution of the Eastern Question,’ which attracted much attention. The author suggested reforms which would combine administrative autonomy for the Christian populations with the maintenance of the authority of the sultan. Some of his suggestions were pressed upon the Porte by the great powers, and ultimately adopted. In 1878 Farley published a descriptive and historical work, entitled ‘Egypt, Cyprus, and Asiatic Turkey.’ On the formation of the new principality of Bulgaria in 1880, he journeyed to Sofia in order to be present at the reception of the newly elected ruler, Prince Alexander I. On his return to England he published a monograph on the principality and its governor, under the title of ‘New Bulgaria.’ 
Diplomatic career.
Farley was in Egypt during the sultan's visit in 1863, and at Constantinople on the occasion of the royal and imperial visits to the Turkish capital in 1869. As some recognition of his literary services to the Ottoman empire, he was appointed in March 1870 consul at Bristol for his imperial majesty the sultan, and this post he held until 1884. He wrote a series of ‘Letters on Turkey’ to a Bristol journal, and made considerable efforts to develop the trade between the port of Bristol and the Levant. 
Personal.
Farley was a fellow of the Statistical Society of London, a corresponding member of the Institut Égyptien (founded by Napoleon I at Alexandria), and a privy councillor in the public works department of Bulgaria. His great knowledge of Bulgarian affairs caused him to be frequently referred to at the time the Bulgarian question agitated Europe. 
Farley died at Bayswater, London, on 12 November 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="30949370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949370" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Connecticut, 2012">
United States House of Representatives elections in Connecticut, 2012

The 2012 U.S. House of Representatives elections in Connecticut were held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012, to elect the five congressional representatives from the state, one from each of the state's five congressional districts. The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election, a U.S. Senate election, and state legislature races.
Primaries to select Republican and Democratic candidates in some districts were held on Tuesday, August 14, 2012.
The Democratic Party candidate won in each of the five districts on Election Day.
Overview.
The table below shows the total number and percentage of votes, as well as the number of seats gained and lost by each political party in the election for the United States House of Representatives in Connecticut. In addition, the voter turnout and the number of votes not valid will be listed below. 
District 1.
Democratic incumbent John Larson, who has represented the 1st district since 1999, will seek re-election. John Decker, a financial planner, and Mike McDonald, a member of the Windsor Town Council, sought the Republican nomination to challenge Larson. Decker won the nomination at the Republican state convention on May 18, garnering 69% of available delegates.
District 2.
Democratic incumbent Joe Courtney, who has represented the 2nd district since 2007, said in February 2011 that he would not run for the U.S. Senate seat to be vacated by Joe Lieberman. Courtney will run for re-election.
Doug Dubitsky, a lawyer who ran unsuccessfully in the Republican primary for the 2nd district in 2010; Paul Formica, the First selectman of the East Lyme Board of Selectmen; and Daria Novak, a business consultant and former State Department employee who also ran unsuccessfully in the Republican primary in 2010, will seek the Republican nomination to challenge Courtney. State Representative Christopher Coutu had also planned to run, but dropped out of the race in May 2012.
At the Republican state convention on May 18, delegates in the second district endorsed Formica. Formica and Novak took part in the August 14 primary, which Formica won.
Dan Reale, the chair of the Libertarian Party of Connecticut, declared his candidacy in 2010. As of April 2011, G. Scott Deshefy, who ran for the seat in 2008 and 2010, had yet to decide whether he would run again.
District 3.
Democratic incumbent Rosa DeLauro, who has represented the 3rd district since 1991, will seek re-election. Motivational speaker Wayne Winsley will seek the Republican nomination to challenge DeLauro. Steve Packard also sought the Republican nomination. At the Republican state convention on May 18, delegates in the third district endorsed Winsley. Following the Republican state convention, Steve Packard announced his intention to run for the office as an independent.
District 4.
Democratic incumbent Jim Himes, who has represented the 4th district since 2009, said in December 2010 that he would not run for the U.S. Senate in 2012. Himes will run for re-election.
Chris Meek, the founder of START Now!, a non-profit organization; Steve Obsitnik, the chair and chief executive of Quintel Technology; David Orner, an executive with CIT Group; and Richard Wieland, a retired businessman, sought the Republican nomination to challenge Himes. Former state senator Dan Debicella, who unsuccessfully challenged Himes as the Republican nominee in 2010, did not run.
At the Republican state convention on May 18, delegates in the fourth district endorsed Obsitnik. Meek met the threshold required to force a primary, but decided not to challenge the endorsed candidate.
District 5.
Incumbent Democrat Chris Murphy has represented the 5th district since 2007. Murphy has announced that he will not seek re-election for a fourth term. He will instead run for the U.S. Senate to replace Independent Democrat Joe Lieberman, who has announced he will be retiring from the Senate.
Chris Donovan, the speaker of the Connecticut House of Representatives; Elizabeth Esty, a former state representative; and Daniel Roberti, who works for a public relations firm, are running for the Democratic nomination. Randy Yale, an insurance underwriter, had also been seeking the Democratic nomination, but did not receive the required number of delegates at the nominating convention to be eligible for the primary ballot. Mike Williams, an advisor to Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, had planned to run; however he suspended his campaign in October 2011.
Prior to the Democratic primary, Donovan received the endorsement of the Connecticut Working Families Party and was granted placement on its ballot line for the general election. On August 30, Donovan withdrew his name from the Working Families line to allow the minor party to endorse Elizabeth Esty, the primary winner.
Justin Bernier, a member of former Governor Jodi Rell's cabinet who ran for the seat in 2010; businessman Mark Greenberg, who also ran in 2010; state senator Andrew Roraback; and businesswoman Lisa Wilson-Foley are running for the Republican nomination. Mike Clark, the chair of the Farmington Town Council and a former FBI agent, had decided to run but dropped out of the race in May 2012. Sam Caligiuri, a former state senator who unsuccessfully challenged Murphy as the Republican nominee in 2010, said in February 2011 that he would not run again.
At the Republican state convention on May 18, delegates in the fifth district endorsed Roraback. Roraback, Wilson-Foley, Bernier, and Greenberg took part in the August 14 primary.
John Pistone will run as an independent write-in candidate.
On August 14, 2012, Andrew Roraback won the Republican primary and will run against Elizabeth Esty, who won the Democratic contest, and Libertarian nominee Robert Lombardo.

</doc>
<doc id="30949391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949391" title="List of South Australian courts and tribunals">
List of South Australian courts and tribunals

The following is a list of courts and tribunals in South Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="30949393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949393" title="Flugabwehrraketengeschwader 1">
Flugabwehrraketengeschwader 1

Flugabwehrraketengeschwader 1 (Air Defence Missile Wing 1) or ("FlaRakG 1") "Schleswig-Holstein" is a unit of the German Air Force based in Stadum and Husum, Northern Germany. The wing is equipped with the Patriot air defense missile system.
History.
The unit was established in 1959 as Air Defense Regiment 3 in Essen and was equipped with Bofors 40 mm guns. The same year the unit transferred to Bocholt. In 1960, the unit transferred to Osnabrück. In 1965 the MIM-23 Hawk air defense missile system was introduced and the unit was renamed Air Defense Missile Regiment 3 "Krummenort" and moved to near Rendsburg. In 1967, the unit ransferred to Heide. It was renamed Air Defence Missile Command 1 in 1989 and in 1993 reclassified as an air missile wing. Beginning in 1994, the wing moved to its present locations. The HAWK weapons system was deactivated in 2001.
On 1 January 2011, Air Defence Missile Wing 1 took formal responsibility of the short-range protection system MANTIS. To operate this weapons system, the air force called into service an additional anti-aircraft group at Husum on 1 April 2011.
Air Defence Missile Wing 1 was given the honorary name "Schleswig-Holstein" in 1989 and is currently part of the Air Forces's 4th Air Division.
Tasks.
Air Defence Missile Wing 1 utilises the Patriot air defense missile weapon system to engage in anti-aircraft warfare against aircraft and ballistic missiles.
Structure.
Air Defence Missile Wing 1 consists of four groups:

</doc>
<doc id="30949396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949396" title="Stiff Dylans">
Stiff Dylans

The Stiff Dylans are a pop-rock band from the United Kingdom. They found fame after being featured in Gurinder Chadha's 2008 Paramount Pictures film "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging" and performing several songs on the soundtrack.
The band comprises James Flannigan (vocals), Matt Harris (bass), Charlie Wride (guitar) and Tom Slaytor (drums), (and in the movie Angus Thongs and Perfect Snogging they also feature Aaron Johnson as a member), with members having previously studied at the Brighton Institute of Modern Music and the Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford. The members auditioned to join the band, which had an additional member in the film. They had two chart hits in the UK in 2008: "Ultraviolet" (the main theme from the film), which reached number 41, and "Ever Fallen in Love", a cover version of the Buzzcocks song, which reached number 93.

</doc>
<doc id="30949411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949411" title="Tropical Park">
Tropical Park

Tropical Park is a urban park in metropolitan Miami, Florida. The park is located just southwest of the intersection of the Palmetto Expressway (SR 826) and Bird Road, just east of South Miami.
History.
The land opened as a county public park in 1979 on the grounds of the former Tropical Park Race Track, which had used the lands since 1931. It has fields for softball, soccer and football as well as places to run Or jog, ride bike, play basketball and volleyball. For those who enjoy racquet sports, Tropical Park has a tennis center with 12 tennis courts which are wheelchair-accessible. Racquetball facilities are also available and a boxing center. There are four lakes within the park, a dog park as well as paddleboating, and freshwater fishing. Joggers and cyclists use the miles of paved pathways circulating through park.
Facilities.
Throughout the year, the park hosts horse shows, rodeos and other special events at the Tropical Park Equestrian Center. The equestrian center hosts over thirty horse shows a year, including international shows. The old racetrack's stables were used as part of the equestrian center. The Tropical Park Stadium is home to the Miami-Dade Track and Field Team. The stadium has hosted prestigious national track and field meets such as the Junior Olympics, USA National Track and Field Championships, and many local high school football games.
From early November through the beginning of January, Santa's Enchanted Forest takes over a large part of Tropical Park. The annual holiday event features six million lights, a giant Christmas tree and carnival rides.

</doc>
<doc id="30949412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949412" title="Actenicerus siaelandicus">
Actenicerus siaelandicus

Actenicerus siaelandicus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae, subfamily Dendrometrinae.
This beetle is present in most of Europe, in the East Palearctic ecozone and in the Nearctic ecozone.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from May through August, mainly in wet meadows, bogs and marshes. One of preferred host-plants are Carex species.
The whole body is bronzed-brownish or auburn-purplish, with a greyish pubescence.

</doc>
<doc id="30949416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949416" title="Silverstream Bridge Railway Station">
Silverstream Bridge Railway Station

Silverstream Bridge Railway Station was a station on the Hutt Valley Line section of the Wairarapa Line in New Zealand from 1908 until 28 February 1954, when the Melling-Belmont section of the line and the first rail bridge at Silverstream was closed. It was replaced by the Silverstream Railway Station. 
The station was just across the old rail bridge, in the corner of the Silverstream Hospital grounds. The building was built on a slight curve. It was unusual, being extra long and open on three sides. The back wall had three double doors from the platform.
History.
The Silverstream Bridge Railway Station was opened on 26 May 1908, and was one of several stations opened in 1908 on the Hutt Valley section of the line, along with Melling Railway Station, Gosse and Co’s Siding, Pitcaithly's Railway Station, and the Belmont Quarry Co’s Siding (which is not to be confused with the Belmont Railway Station). The main line ran up the western side of the Hutt Valley until 1954. 
The station was closed in 1917, but was reopened on 17 August 1942 in World War II to serve the Silverstream Hospital built for American casualties from the Pacific. 
Some of this section of the line is now preserved by the Silver Stream Railway, opened in 1978.
References.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="30949430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949430" title="Otoyol 33">
Otoyol 33

Otoyol 33 (), abbreviated as , aka Bursa Çevreyolu (), is a motorway in Bursa, Turkey that forms the half ring road of the city. The long beltway connects Bursa West at Lake Ulubat in the west to Turanköy in the east running north of the city. It is part of the European . The motorway will connect Bursa with İzmir via Balıkesir and Manisa after its completion.

</doc>
<doc id="30949454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949454" title="2002–03 Atlético Madrid season">
2002–03 Atlético Madrid season

Atlético de Madrid returned to La Liga following a two-year absence, having a safe ride in the midfield under Luis Aragonés. The season marked the breakthrough of Fernando Torres, the striker making his La Liga debut by the start of the season, scoring 13 league goals as a teenager. Demetrio Albertini was a key signing before the season, the experienced Italian providing a solid display before departing for Lazio in his home country.

</doc>
<doc id="30949465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949465" title="Alexandru Istrate">
Alexandru Istrate

Alexandru Istrate (born 8 May 1947) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949480" title="Costică Bărăgan">
Costică Bărăgan

Costică Bărăgan (born 2 May 1949) is a Romanian fencer. He competed at the 1972 and 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949491" title="Beau Bokan">
Beau Bokan

Beau Mark Bokan (born November 30, 1981) is an American musician and singer-songwriter. He is best known as the lead vocalist of Blessthefall, and the former vocalist of Take the Crown. Bokan runs his own clothing line titled "Golden Hearts Shine Forever" which was launched in March 2011. Bokan is Roman Catholic like all the other members of Blessthefall.
On September 26, 2008, Bokan joined Blessthefall as the vocalist to replace Craig Mabbitt, who recently left the band due to personal differences and later joined Escape the Fate. He has recorded three studio albums with Blessthefall, "Witness", released October 6, 2009, "Awakening", released October 4, 2011, and "Hollow Bodies" released on August 20, 2013.
Bokan married Canadian electro-pop singer Lights on May 12, 2012. On November 4, 2013 the couple announced that they were expecting their first child. On February 15, 2014, Lights gave birth to their daughter, Rocket Wild Bokan.

</doc>
<doc id="30949495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949495" title="Constantin Duțu">
Constantin Duțu

Constantin Duțu (born 8 October 1949) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949513" title="Nicolae Iorgu">
Nicolae Iorgu

Nicolae Iorgu (born 25 June 1944) is a Romanian fencer. He competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949524" title="Alice Eckenstein">
Alice Eckenstein

Alice Emilie Eckenstein (Basel, Switzerland 31 January 1890 - Riehen, Basel, Switzerland 12 May 1984). Swiss rescuer of children in need in occupied Belgium during World War I. 
Life.
At young age the daughter of Arnold Eckenstein-Marfort, merchant in Grellinger street in Basel, was already inspired by the wish to help others in need. Under the patronage of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) she established an office in Basel with the intention to repatriate children in need from occupied Belgium. Among the numerous documents and letters that passed through her hands, those of anxious parents got her attention. During the summer campaign of 1914 multiple parents were surprised by the rapid advance of the Germans and got separated from their children, cut off by the frontline. With immence dedication and patience and at risk of her life, she succeeded in repatriating - each time again - children from occupied Belgium to Switzerland and then to the unoccupied zones of Belgium or France where they were reunited with their parents. Even large groups of children made it out of occupied Belgium thanks to this courageous woman. Her ashes are buried at the Wolfgottesacker cemetery in Basel.
Source: Basler Zeitung

</doc>
<doc id="30949531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949531" title="Copper Falls mine">
Copper Falls mine

Copper Falls mine was a set of numerous copper mine shafts and adits south of Eagle Harbor, Michigan. The mine was established in 1846. The mine is in Eagle Harbor Township, near the Copper Falls water fall on the Owl Creek and the Copper Falls ghost town.

</doc>
<doc id="30949532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949532" title="Iosif Budahazi">
Iosif Budahazi

Iosif Budahazi (born 25 May 1947) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949545" title="Kurrajong, Western Australia">
Kurrajong, Western Australia

Kurrajong is an abandoned town located between Leonora and Leinster along the Old Agnew Road in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Gold was discovered in the area in 1894 and one of the earliest mines was the "Diorite King", which was also used as the town name. The area near the Diorite goldfield was deemed unsuitable for housing due to the uneven terrain, so the townsite was chosen on the flats approximately 3 km away. H.S. King surveyed lots in the town in 1897 and the town was gazetted in 1899.
Cobb and Co. operated a coach service to Coolgardie from the town in 1898 and opened another to Leonora in 1903. The first hotel licence was issued in 1898 and continued to operate until 1918. 
The name of the town is Aboriginal in origin and is the name of a tree that is commonly found in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="30949555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949555" title="Escobaria robbinsiorum">
Escobaria robbinsiorum

Escobaria robbinsiorum (syn. "Coryphantha robbinsiorum") is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Cochise pincushion cactus and Cochise foxtail cactus. It is native to southern Arizona in the United States, where it is known only from Cochise County, and northern Sonora in Mexico. There are scattered small occurrences on the north side of the border, and one known population to the south. Because of its rarity and a number of threats to remaining plants, the species was federally listed with a threatened status in 1986.
This cactus lives mostly buried in the ground with only its top few centimeters exposed. There is a cluster of spines on each areole, surrounded by a tuft of white woolly hairs. The spines are straight and white, often with dark tips, and measure 1 or 2 centimeters long. The flower is 1 to 3 centimeters long and has greenish yellow tepals. The fruit is bright red to orange, succulent, and under a centimeter in length. The plant grows in nearly solid bedrock with little soil or sand, in full sunlight. It can be found in dense colonies of up to 1000 individuals.
Threats to this plant include a prolonged drought in the region which is thought to have caused mortality. Drought conditions can also make the living cacti harder to find because they shrink and retract into the ground. Illegal activity at the Mexico – United States border is thought to impact the plant. Drug smuggling and illegal immigration activity damage the habitat in the area by increasing trampling, vehicle damage, and possibly incidence of fire. Trampling may also occur when well-meaning volunteers and researchers comb the area for specimens. The plant is probably a target for harvesting by cactus enthusiasts and dealers, but the populations in Arizona are relatively well-protected from this activity. Oil exploration and grazing affect the area. Invasive plant species, especially buffelgrass ("Pennisetum ciliare"), are becoming more abundant in this desert region and compete with native flora. Insects apparently damage the cacti, but to what extent is not known. This species is not particularly efficient in reproduction; each plant makes about 20 seeds per year and recruitment is slow.
Little is known about the life history of the cactus; research is still needed on its requirements for climate and substrate, its relationship with predators and pollinators, its abundance, population dynamics, and demographics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949565" title="Dan Irimiciuc">
Dan Irimiciuc

Dan Irimiciuc (born 9 May 1949) is a Romanian fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team sabre event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949573" title="I'm Still Alive (TWiiNS song)">
I'm Still Alive (TWiiNS song)

"I'm Still Alive" is a song written by songwriter/producer Bryan Todd for Slovak sister duo TWiiNS. They will represent Slovakia on the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf.
The song was premiered on the 2011 Slovakian Miss Universe competition. It's the first Slovakian entry not to be performed in Slovak.

</doc>
<doc id="30949612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949612" title="Constantin Nicolae">
Constantin Nicolae

Constantin Nicolae (born 1 January 1939) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949626" title="Parque das Aves">
Parque das Aves

Parque das Aves (English: Bird Park) is a privately owned zoo situated in Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná State, Brazil, and it is near to Iguaçu Falls. Its exhibits comprise mainly birds as well as other animals and butterflies. 
The park was opened in 1994 and it is set within of forest.

</doc>
<doc id="30949627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949627" title="Gheorghe Culcea">
Gheorghe Culcea

Gheorghe Culcea (born 16 April 1939) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30949629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949629" title="Christos Koutsospyros">
Christos Koutsospyros

Christos Koutsospyros (; born 14 October 1981) is a Greek footballer. He currently plays for Aiginiakos F.C..
Career.
Born in Agrinio, Koutsospyros began his playing career with local team Panetolikos.

</doc>
<doc id="30949636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949636" title="Bora Aksu">
Bora Aksu

Bora Aksu (born in Turkey) is a London-based Turkish fashion designer. Aksu set up his fashion label upon graduation from his MA at Central Saint Martins. Awarded New Generation sponsorship, he catapulted straight onto the London Fashion Week scene and has showcased his collections for eight years. His collection is stocked in Selfridges, Wolf & Badger and Liberty & Co in London, and across the world. He has also prepared seven window displays at Selfridges and is a 4 times NEWGEN recipient.

</doc>
<doc id="30949637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949637" title="Herluf Trolle-class coastal defence ship">
Herluf Trolle-class coastal defence ship

The "Herluf Trolle" class was a class of coastal defence ships of the Royal Danish Navy. The class comprised "Herluf Trolle", "Olfert Fischer" and "Peder Skram".
Design.
Dimensions and machinery.
The ships of the class were long, had a beam of , a draught of , and had a displacement of 3,494 ton. The ships were equipped with 2 shaft reciprocating engines, which were rated at and produced a top speed of . 
Armour.
The ships had belt armour of and turret armour.
Armament.
The main armament of the ships were two single turret guns. Secondary armament included four single guns and ten single guns.
Construction.
"Herluf Trolle" was laid down at the Copenhagen Navy Yard and launched on 1 January 1899. "Olfert Fischer" was also laid down at Copenhagen Navy Yard and was launched on 1 January 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="30949638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949638" title="Antiques Info">
Antiques Info

The Magazine Antiques Info is a bi-monthly antiques publication that focuses on Auction Reports,news,features and articles relating to the antiques industry, including details of auction sales and fairs, book reviews, and reader valuations and letters . Regular bi-monthly columns include news on upcoming auctions and sales.
Information.
"Antiques Info" was founded in 1993. 
The publication claims a readership of 15,000 and is published by John and Angie Ainsley, 
George Johnson,writer and antique expert writes a regular feature for antiques info 
Publication months are; JAN/FEB MARCH/APRIL MAY/JUNE JULY/AUG SEPT/OCT NOV/DEC 

</doc>
<doc id="30949641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949641" title="Jean Seaton">
Jean Seaton

Jean Seaton (born 6 March 1947) is Professor of media history at the University of Westminster.
She is the official historian of the BBC, who is continuing Asa Briggs' multi-volume account of the Corporation's history with the next volume "The BBC Under Siege" in preparation. Her other books include "Power Without Responsibility" (written with James Curran) now in its seventh edition (2009). Seaton was first Chair of the judges of the Orwell Prize in 2007, a role she retains.
Jean Seaton is the widow of the historian Ben Pimlott whom she married in 1977; the couple had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="30949647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949647" title="Jim Holmes (footballer)">
Jim Holmes (footballer)

James "Jim" B. Holmes (born 8 December 1955 in Hamilton) is a former Scottish footballer.
He began his career at junior club Muirkirk, before moving into the senior game with Partick Thistle before becoming a legend at Greenock Morton.He won 3 first division winners medals with Morton,1977–78,1983–84 and 1986-87.In May 1987,after being voted the Scottish PFA 1st division footballer of the year,he captained the Scottish semi-professionals in an end of season tournament against Holland,England & Italy. He finished off his career with spells at Falkirk, Alloa Athletic and Arbroath. After retiring as a player, he became the assistant manager at his final club, Arbroath.
Family.
His son Graeme Holmes, has followed in his footsteps and currently plays for Morton.

</doc>
<doc id="30949650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949650" title="Atlantic Mine">
Atlantic Mine

The Atlantic Mine was a copper mine near the Finnish community of Atlantic Mine, Michigan, USA. The mine was operated by Atlantic Mining Company and prospered until 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="30949654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949654" title="One More Day (Eldrine song)">
One More Day (Eldrine song)

"One More Day" is a song performed by Eldrine and was the Georgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. The song was the National Final of the contest, organised by GPB, which selected the Georgian entry for the Contest, which was held in Düsseldorf, Germany in May 2011. The song came 9th with 110 points.
The song did not appear on the band's debut studio album, "Fake Reality", but will feature on its re-release.
It was played when Georgia were in the 2011 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="30949684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949684" title="Fibuloides elongata">
Fibuloides elongata

Fibuloides elongata is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Yunnan).

</doc>
<doc id="30949689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949689" title="South Beaver Dam, Wisconsin">
South Beaver Dam, Wisconsin

South Beaver Dam is an unincorporated community located in Dodge County, Wisconsin, in the town of Calamus, United States. The community is located just south of the city of Beaver Dam. To some, the community is considered to be a suburb of Beaver Dam. The zip code is 53916. It is part of the Beaver Dam Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Education.
The South Beaver Dam Elementary School, which part of the Beaver Dam Unified School District, is located in South Beaver Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="30949690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949690" title="Petka">
Petka

Petka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30949695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949695" title="Geneva Smitherman">
Geneva Smitherman

Geneva Smitherman is University Distinguished Professor of English and Director of the African American Language and Literacy Program at Michigan State University.
She holds a B.A. and M.A. in English and Latin from Wayne State University and a Ph.D in English, with a specialization in sociolinguistics and education, from the University of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="30949699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949699" title="Fibuloides wuyiensis">
Fibuloides wuyiensis

Fibuloides wuyiensis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Fujian).

</doc>
<doc id="30949710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949710" title="Fuling Stadium">
Fuling Stadium

Fuling Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Chongqing, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 22,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30949711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949711" title="Logical Investigations">
Logical Investigations

Logical Investigations (German: Logische Untersuchungen) can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30949715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949715" title="Conferry">
Conferry

Conferry (Consolidada de Ferrys C.A.) is a Venezuelan shipping company operating passenger and freight services to the islands of Margarita and Coche.
Routes.
Conferry operate two routes across the Caribbean Sea.
Fleet.
Conferry operate a fleet of nine ships, consisting of six high speed ferries and four ferries/freight ships.

</doc>
<doc id="30949716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949716" title="Xi'an China International Horticultural Exposition 2011">
Xi'an China International Horticultural Exposition 2011

Xi'an China International Horticultural Exposition 2011 () is a horticultural exhibition recognised by the International Association of Horticultural Producers in Xi'an, China to be held between 28 April and 22 October 2011. During the 178-day exhibition, the tourists were anticipated to top 12,000,000. And there are 109 outdoor exhibition houses altogether. Kerry Berry Brogan served as the International Green Ambassador.
The exposition was originally approved in September 2008.
Basic information.
Host Unit: People's Government of Shaanxi Province; State Forestry Administration; China Council for the Promotion of International Trade; China Flower Association
Organizer: Xi'an Municipal People's Government
Hosting City•Province•Country: Xi’an•Shaanxi•China
Opening Time: April 28, 2011—October 22, 2011
Duration: 178 days
Concept: Green Leads the Trend
Main expo site.
The main place for the exhibition was Guangyun Lake,(广运潭)in Xi'an,Chan-Ba Ecological District.It used to be one of the main ports in history. In High Tang Emperor Xuanzong of Tang held many large exhibitions and commerce communications here and that is the simple beginning of the similar exhibition in modern days.
Some independent parks.
Qinling Park（秦岭园）
Four kinds of the local very valuable animals were shown, they were: the giant panda, the Snub-nosed monkey, Crested ibis and takin. 
The Qinling Park applied the modern technology and also the classical old time’s scenes like the plants and stones to show the typical sights of Qinling. The “Four Treasures of Qinling were shown here.
Chang’an Park(长安园）)
The main things shown were the aerospace plant culture, Liu culture, bamboo culture, herb culture, reflecting the latest invention of agricultural science and space plants of Xi'an, Shaanxi; cultural landscape • poetic Chang Park to "The Book of Songs • MAK" in Qin and Tang Dynasty, Wang Wei beautiful poem, "Chuan do Business," a poem mood for the state to rebuild a prominent oriental culture, plant reproduction Book of a new era of elegance in the 21st-century garden.
Four typical buildings.
Chang'an Tower is located on a mountain and it was the theme site of the 2011 Expo.Also it was used as the viewing tower and visitors could go and see all the beautiful sights in all the parks.It remained the trditional tower's features in the Sui and Tang Dynasty and also applied the modern features. So it showed both the trditional Chinese architecture Culture and the modern city's new elements.It was the perfect combination of green building techniques and architectural art and was built to enhance the architectural culture of Xi'an city and became a landmark
Theme.
Eternal peace & harmony between nature & mankind, nurturing the future earth---a city for nature, co-existing in peace
The main purpose.
The Exposition aimed to promote different countries' development of economy, culture and technology. Every country that took part could make use of this opportunity to show its achievements in different fields. 
Since the first International Horticultural Exposition held in 1851 in London, UK, it has been held 30 times and it is called the "Olympics" in the field of economics. It has brought great economic benefits to the city where it was held and helps to improve the city's construction system.

</doc>
<doc id="30949721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949721" title="Shangri-La County Stadium">
Shangri-La County Stadium

Shangri-La County Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Shangri-La County, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 25,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30949722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949722" title="Fibuloides japonica">
Fibuloides japonica

Fibuloides japonica is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Zhejiang, Anhui, Fujian, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Sichuan, Guizhou, Shaanxi), Taiwan, Korea and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="30949728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949728" title="Xinyu Stadium">
Xinyu Stadium

Xinyu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Xinyu, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 18,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30949734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949734" title="Yangquan Stadium">
Yangquan Stadium

Yangquan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Yangquan, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 20,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30949735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949735" title="Fibuloides levatana">
Fibuloides levatana

Fibuloides levatana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Zhejiang, Fujian) and Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30949739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949739" title="Yulin Stadium">
Yulin Stadium

Yulin Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Yulin, Guangxi, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 20,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30949740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949740" title="2011 Vuelta a Andalucía">
2011 Vuelta a Andalucía

The 57th edition of the 2011 Vuelta a Andalucía is the 16th race of the 2010-2011 UCI Europe Tour. The race started on 20 February and finished on 24 February.
Teams.
There are 18 teams taking part in the 2011 Vuelta a Andalucía. Amongst these are nine UCI ProTour teams, six UCI Professional Continental teams, and two Continental teams. Each team was allowed seven riders on their squad, giving the event a peloton of 126 cyclists at its outset. 
The 18 teams in the race were:
Classification leadership.
In the 2011 Vuelta a Andalucía, four different jerseys were awarded. For the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage, and allowing time bonuses for the first three finishers on each stage and in intermediate sprints, the leader received a red jersey. This classification was considered the most important of the Vuelta a Andalucía, and the winner is considered the winner of the Vuelta.
Additionally, there was a sprints classification, which awarded a white jersey. In the sprints classification, cyclists got points for finishing in the top three in an intermediate sprint. The first across the sprint points got 3 points, the second got 2, and the third got a single point.
There was also a mountains classification, which awarded a black and white jersey. In the mountains classification, points were won by reaching the top of a mountain before other cyclists. Each climb was categorized, with the more difficult climbs awarding more points.
The points classification awarded a blue jersey. In the points classification, cyclists got points based on the order at the finish line of each stage. The stage win afforded 25 points, second on the stage was worth 20, third 16, fourth 13, fifth 10, sixth 8, seventh 6, eighth 4, ninth 2, and tenth was worth a single point. The points awarded in the sprints classification counted equivalently for this classification.
There was also the combination classification. This was calculated by adding the rankings in the general, points and mountains classifications; the cyclist with the lowest combined ranking was the leader in the combination classification. 
There were also two classifications to this race for the best Spanish and Andalucian rider, based on their time in the general classification. However, no jerseys were awarded to the last three classifications, since the UCI limits the amount of rewarded jerseys to four per race.
The race also awarded a teams classification, which, too, was not represented by a jersey. The teams classification was calculated by adding the times of each team's best three riders per stage per day.

</doc>
<doc id="30949744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949744" title="Fibuloides modificana">
Fibuloides modificana

Fibuloides modificana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Guangxi) and Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30949753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949753" title="Niphidium crassifolium">
Niphidium crassifolium

Niphidium crassifolium commonly known as the graceful fern is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family found in Central and South America. It is predominantly an epiphytic, growing on other plants for example in the canopies of trees, but is occasionally grows on rocks or on the ground, particularly at higher altitude. It has a rhizome from which many fine rootlets covered in dark reddish-brown scales grow. Together they form a root basket, which when growing on trees, helps to trap leaf litter and dust, forming a nutrient-rich soil which holds water. Its leaves are simple in shape, long and wide and when dry are covered by a wax-like film. The sori are round and large, occurring in single rows between veins at the far end of the leaf.
Taxonomy.
"Niphidium crassifolium" was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753 as "Polypodium crassifolium". In 1972, David B. Lellinger moved the species into the genus "Niphidium". It can be difficult to distinguish from "N. albopunctatissimum" but this species has narrower leaves and is mostly found growing on rocks or on the ground and has a different range.
Distribution.
"Niphidium crassifolium" is found in Central and South America, from Mexico in the North to Ecuador in the South and including Panama, Peru, Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana and the West Indies. It grows at altitudes up to above sea level and over a wide range of humidity. According to Thomas Croat, it is probably the most common fern found on Barro Colorado Island, Panama (BCI). "Niphidium crassifolium" is known to grow on "Socratea exorrhiza", occurring on 12% of individuals on BCI. It is also known to grow on "Platypodium elegans", "Ceiba pentandra", "Tabebuia guayacan" and "Anacardium excelsum".
Biochemistry.
It uses crassulacean acid metabolism (CAM), where it stores some carbon dioxide produced by respiration at night and releases this for use in photosynthesis the next day, but the overall contribution of this is small compared to true CAM plants such as cacti. If drought stressed, the contribution of CAM increases from 2.7% of total carbon fixation to 10%. The production of gametophytes is determined by the light level rather than by a hormone.
Uses.
It can be cultivated, being described as growing well in well drained soil under medium light. It is reported to be able to survive consecutive days of freezing temperatures, down to . In Northern Peru the fresh stem is used in traditional medicine to treat inflammation of internal organs.

</doc>
<doc id="30949755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949755" title="Wilfred McClaughry">
Wilfred McClaughry

Air Vice-Marshal Wilfred Ashton McClaughry CB DSO MC DFC (26 November 1894 – 4 January 1943) was an Australian aviator and air commander who served in the Australian Flying Corps (during World War I) and Royal Air Force (World War II). His senior commands included: British Forces Aden (1930s), and; No. 9 Group RAF, and Air Officer Commanding Air Officer Commanding Allied Headquarters Egypt (both during World War II). McClaughry was killed, while a passenger, in a flying accident in Cairo in 1943.
Military career.
McClaughry was educated at Queen's College North Adelaide and the University of Adelaide. McClaughry joined the Militia in 1913 and served in World War I with the 9th Light Horse Regiment, before transferring to the Australian Flying Corps (AFC) in 1916. He was appointed Officer Commanding No. 4 Squadron AFC (known in British circles as "71 Squadron").
After the war he joined the Royal Air Force and became Officer Commanding the Air Pilotage School in 1921. He was appointed Officer Commanding No. 8 Squadron in 1924 and then spent three years as a staff officer at Headquarters Wessex Bombing Area. McClaughry went on to be Station Commander at RAF Heliopolis in 1934 and Station Commander at RAF Mersa Matruh in 1934 before becoming Air Officer Commanding British Forces Aden in 1936. He became Director of Training at the Air Ministry in 1938.
He served in World War II as Air Officer Commanding No. 9 Group, a fighter group, during the Battle of Britain and then as Air Officer Commanding AHQ Egypt before being killed in an air accident in Cairo in 1943.
Family.
In 1940 he married Angela Grace Maria Segalir. His brother, Air Vice Marshal EJ Kingston-McCloughry (who hyphenated his surname and changed its spelling) also had a distinguished career in both the AFC and RAF.

</doc>
<doc id="30949756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949756" title="Kochi Haruno Athletic Stadium">
Kochi Haruno Athletic Stadium

Kochi Haruno Athletic Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Haruno, Kōchi, Japan. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 25,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30949769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949769" title="Root of unity modulo n">
Root of unity modulo n

In mathematics, namely ring theory, a "k"-th root of unity modulo "n" for positive integers "k", "n" ≥ 2, is a solution "x" to the equation (or "congruence") formula_1. If "k" is the smallest such exponent for "x", then "x" is called a primitive "k"-th root of unity modulo "n". See modular arithmetic for notation and terminology.
Do not confuse this with a primitive element modulo "n", where the primitive element must generate all units of the residue class ring formula_2 by exponentiation.
That is, there are always roots and primitive roots of unity modulo "n" for "n" ≥ 2, but for some "n" there is no primitive element modulo "n". Being a root or a primitive root modulo "n" always depends on the exponent "k" and the modulus "n", whereas being a primitive element modulo "n" only depends on the modulus "n" — the exponent is automatically formula_3.
Roots of unity.
Number of "k"-th roots.
For the lack of a widely accepted symbol, we denote the number of "k"-th roots of unity modulo "n" by formula_8.
It satisfies a number of properties:
Primitive roots of unity.
Number of primitive "k"-th roots.
For the lack of a widely accepted symbol, we denote the number of primitive "k"-th roots of unity modulo "n" by formula_34.
It satisfies the following properties:
Testing whether "x" is a primitive "k"-th root of unity modulo "n".
By fast exponentiation you can check that formula_56.
If this is true, "x" is a "k"-th root of unity modulo "n" but not necessarily primitive.
If it is not a primitive root, then there would be some divisor ℓ of "k", with formula_57.
In order to exclude this possibility, one has only to check for a few ℓ's equal "k" divided by a prime.
That is, what needs to be checked is:
Finding a primitive "k"-th root of unity modulo "n".
Among the primitive "k"-th roots of unity, the primitive formula_23-th roots are most frequent.
It is thus recommended to try some integers for being a primitive formula_23-th root, what will succeed quickly.
For a primitive formula_23-th root "x", the number formula_30 is a primitive formula_25-th root of unity.
If "k" does not divide formula_23, then there will be no "k"-th roots of unity, at all.
Finding multiple primitive "k"-th roots modulo "n".
Once you have a primitive "k"-th root of unity "x", every power formula_65 is a formula_25-th root of unity, but not necessarily a primitive one. The power formula_65 is a primitive formula_25-th root of unity if and only if formula_25 and formula_70 are coprime. The proof is as follows: If formula_65 is not primitive, then there exists a divisor formula_72 of formula_25 with formula_74, and since formula_25 and formula_70 are coprime, there exists an inverse formula_77 of formula_70 modulo formula_25. This yields formula_80, which means that formula_29 is not a primitive formula_25-th root of unity because there is the smaller exponent formula_72.
That is, by exponentiating "x" one can obtain formula_84 different primitive "k"-th roots of unity, but these may not be all such roots. However, finding all of them is not so easy.
Finding an "n" with a primitive "k"-th root of unity modulo "n".
You may want to know, in what integer residue class rings you have a primitive "k"-th root of unity.
You need it for instance if you want to compute a Discrete Fourier Transform (more precisely a Number theoretic transform) of a formula_25-dimensional integer vector.
In order to perform the inverse transform, you also need to divide by formula_25, that is, "k" shall also be a unit modulo formula_22.
A simple way to find such an "n" is to check for primitive "k"-th roots with respect to the moduli in the arithmetic progression formula_88.
All of these moduli are coprime to "k" and thus "k" is a unit. According to Dirichlet's theorem on arithmetic progressions there are infinitely many primes in the progression,
and for a prime formula_17 it holds formula_90.
Thus if formula_91 is prime then formula_92 and thus you have primitive "k"-th roots of unity.
But the test for primes is too strong, you may find other appropriate moduli.
Finding an "n" with multiple primitive roots of unity modulo "n".
If you want to have a modulus formula_22 such that there are primitive formula_94-th, formula_95-th, ..., formula_96-th roots of unity modulo formula_22, the following theorem reduces the problem to a simpler one:
Backward direction:
If there is a primitive formula_102-th root of unity modulo formula_22 called formula_29, then formula_106 is a formula_107-th root of unity modulo formula_22.
Forward direction:
If there are primitive formula_94-th, ..., formula_96-th roots of unity modulo formula_22, then all exponents formula_112 are divisors of formula_23. This implies formula_114 and this in turn means there is a primitive formula_102-th root of unity modulo formula_22.

</doc>
<doc id="30949775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949775" title="Peter Feteris">
Peter Feteris

Peter Feteris (7 May 1952 – 14 February 2011) was a Dutch professional footballer.
Career.
Feteris made his professional debut for Feyenoord during the 1972–73 season, and later played for HFC Haarlem.
Later life and death.
Feteris died on 14 February 2011, at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="30949780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949780" title="2011 Qatar Ladies Open – Doubles">
2011 Qatar Ladies Open – Doubles

Květa Peschke and Rennae Stubbs were the reigning champions when the event was last played in 2008. Stubbs retired from the sport two weeks before this event.
As a result, Peschke plays with Katarina Srebotnik. They successfully defended their title by beating Liezel Huber and Nadia Petrova 7–5, 6–7(2), [10–8] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30949783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949783" title="St George's Church, Edworth">
St George's Church, Edworth

St George's Church, Edworth, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Edworth, Bedfordshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Edworth is about southeast of Biggleswade, to the east of the A1 road.
History.
The church dates from about 1200, and during the Middle Ages belonged to St Neots Priory. In about 1320 the aisles were added, and the chancel was rebuilt. The tower dates from the middle of the 14th century, and the porches were added during the later part of the 15th century. The chancel was shortened in the 19th century. The church was declared redundant on 1 June 1974, and was vested in the Churches Conservation Trust on 9 June 1976.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St George's is constructed in a mixture of cobblestones, ironstone and limestone with ashlar dressings, and has rendering applied to parts of the walls. The roofs are slated. Its plan consists of a two-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, north and south porches, a chancel, and a west tower. The tower dates from the 14th century. It is in two stages, with angle buttresses and an embattled parapet. On the west side, the lower stage contains a single-light window. The bell openings in the upper stage have two lights. The three-light east window in the chancel was inserted in the 19th century and is in 15th-century style. In both the north and south walls of the chancel are three-light 15th-century windows, and in addition there is a blocked 14th-century south doorway. In the nave, on both sides to the west of the porch, is a 15th-century three-light window. The clerestory has three two-light square-headed windows on each side. Both doorways date from the 14th century. In the north aisle are two-light windows in the east and north walls. The south aisle has a 14th-century two-light east window. In its south wall is a three-light 15th-century window and a small single-light window. The porches both date from the 15th century, and are similar in style with shallow gables. In the south porch is a two-light west window; the corresponding window in the north porch is blocked.
Interior.
Inside the church are two-bay arcades on each side that extend only along the eastern part of the nave. At the northeast corner of the nave is a rood staircase. The octagonal font dates from the 15th century and has carved panels. The north aisle contains an unusual piscina standing on a pillar dating from the 12th century. On the wall of the north aisle is a fragment of a 14th-century wall painting. In the chancel are 15th-century pews with poppyheads and with finials carved with lions and bears. The windows in the south windows of the chancel and clerestory contain fragments of medieval stained glass. There is a ring of three bells. The oldest bell is dated 1480 and was cast by John Kebyll. The others were cast in 1615 by Newcombe, and in 1623 by William Haulsey.

</doc>
<doc id="30949789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949789" title="Atlantic Mill">
Atlantic Mill

The Atlantic Mill was located on the east side of Redridge, Michigan near the Redridge Steel Dam. It was constructed in 1892 and closed in 1912. It was connected to the Atlantic mine via a 9 mile long Atlantic and Lake Superior Railroard. The previous path of the railroad is now a scenic tree-covered road. It is thought that currents have moved the stamp sand produced by this mill to the current site of the North Canal Township Park.
Old Atlantic mill.
Prior to operating a mill in Redridge, the Atlantic Mining Company also operated a mill near Cole's Creek on Portage Lake. The mill moved because the federal government told the company their tailing must not fill the shipping channel. The old mill was located at approximately 

</doc>
<doc id="30949814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949814" title="Economic Advisory Council">
Economic Advisory Council

Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister (PMEAC) is a non-constitutional, non-permanent and independent body constituted to give economic advice to the Government of India, specifically the Prime Minister. The council serves to highlight key economic issues facing the country to the government of India from a neutral viewpoint. It advises the Prime Minister on a whole host of economic issues like inflation, microfinance, industrial output, etc.
History.
The PMEAC has been constituted several times since the independence of India. 
The last PMEAC, which was constituted on 29 December 2004, headed by Suresh Tendulkar resigned upon the completion of the then Union government's term on 21 May 2009. 
The current PMEAC was subsequently reorganized in August 2009.
Functions.
Terms of Reference as defined by the PMEAC are as follows:
The primary role of the PMEAC is to give a neutral viewpoint on economic policy matters that are referred to it by the Prime Minister. Additionally it prepares a monthly report of economic developments that need to be highlighted to the PM. For this purpose it closely monitors national and international economic developments and trends and develops appropriate policy responses for the PM.
It publishes reports on the annual "Economic Outlook" and "Review of the Economy" of India.
Organisation.
The PMEAC is chaired by a Chairperson and consists of eminent economists as members. It is supported in its functions by a team of officials and administrators. There is no fixed definition on the exact number of members and staff of the PMEAC. At one point it was even chaired by the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee himself.
For administrative, logistic, planning and budgeting purposes, the Planning Commission of India serves as the Nodal Agency for the PMEAC.
Chairman.
As of December 2012, Dr. C. Rangarajan is the current Chairman of the PMEAC. Chairman suggests measures to improve the economic condition. He was appointed in August 2009. The Chairman has the rank equivalent to a Cabinet Minister of India.
Members.
The following are currently the members of the PMEAC:
In the current PMEAC, the members of the Council are given the rank of Minister of State. At one time even the current Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was a member of the PMEAC
Impact.
The periodic reports of the PMEAC - the annual "Economic Outlook" and "Review of the Economy" - are the most widely followed. Additionally the remarks and opinions of the Chairman and members of the PMEAC get widespread media coverage and are influential in formulation of the policies of other economic agencies, financial institutions and businesses. Many financial periodicals publish interviews and speeches of PMEAC Chairman to understand the most critical economic woes facing the country like inflation, monetary measures, etc. Views of the PMEAC are also sought after to better understand the prospects of economic performance of India like its growth rates as well as on policy matters like "autonomy of regulators" and cotton export policy. In February 2011, PMEAC recommended to the government to initiate the process of fiscal consolidation given that the international financial crisis has started to ease and the government had to re-initiate its commitment to the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act.
Reports.
Among the widely read periodic reports of the PMEAC - the annual "Economic Outlook" and "Review of the Economy", the following are the latest editions.
Latest Assessment 2010-11.
Based on the latest assessment of the Economy of India for the financial year 2010-11, the EAC has highlighted the following:

</doc>
<doc id="30949816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949816" title="Latent Apparel">
Latent Apparel

Latent Apparel is a Haitian clothing line started by Robinson Elie in Florida.
Latent Apparel started back in 2006, their T-shirts were geared towards the Haitian Community. Robinson saw many young Haitians not even wanting to admit they were Haitians. When these T-shirts came out, everyone was proud to wear them to show the world they were Haitians.
From 2006 to 2008, Robinson traveled all over the U.S., Canada and Haiti to expose the brand to his fellow Haitians.

</doc>
<doc id="30949824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949824" title="HR1">
HR1

HR1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30949844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949844" title="Firenze Rifredi railway station">
Firenze Rifredi railway station

Firenze Rifredi railway station, or Florence Rifredi railway station (), serves the city and "comune" of Florence, in the region of Tuscany, central Italy. It is the third most important railway station in Florence, after Firenze Santa Maria Novella and Firenze Campo di Marte. It also forms part of the traditional Bologna–Florence railway, and the railways linking Florence with Viareggio, and Pisa and Livorno, respectively.
The station is currently managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI). Train services to and from the station are operated by Trenitalia. Each of these companies is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned rail company.
Location.
Firenze Rifredi railway station is situated in Via dello Steccuto, in the district of Rifredi in the north of the city.
Features.
The station features nine through tracks used for passenger trains. These are served by five platforms partly covered by canopies. The platforms are connected with each other by a pedestrian underpass.
Passenger and train movements.
The station is served by regional trains direct to Prato, Bologna, Pisa, Livorno, Pistoia, Lucca, Viareggio, Carrara, La Spezia, Siena, Campiglia Marittima and Grosseto.
For many InterCity trains, both northbound and southbound, Firenze Rifredi is the only station in the city of Florence at which the train stops, to avoid reversing at SMN.
While from 1989, when service of high speed pendolino train began, the stop for that trains were in Rifredi station, gradually more of such trains were moved to 
Firenze Santa Maria Novella, or Firenze Campo Marte, until 2005 when no more HS train stopped regularly at this station.
<br clear=left>
Interchange.
The station has a bus terminal for urban buses.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at February 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="30949853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949853" title="Saalfeld station">
Saalfeld station

Saalfeld station (called "Saalfeld (Saale)" or "Saalfeld (S)" by Deutsche Bahn) is the station of the city of Saalfeld in the southeast of the German state of Thuringia. It is an Intercity-Express (ICE) stop on the Berlin–Munich route and is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 3 station.
History.
The railway reached Saalfeld on 20 December 1871 with the opening of the Gera–Saalfeld line from the north-east. The station was also built at that time. It was from the outset planned as a railway junction and was built on land that was then undeveloped to the east of Saalfeld, opposite the old town, with a large area set aside for operations. In 1874 the Saal Railway was opened from Naumburg via Jena to Saalfeld, giving the city a further rail connection to the north-east. The Franconian Forest Railway was opened via the Rennsteig to Lichtenfels in 1885. This was the second line from Berlin to Munich after the Saxon-Bavarian Railway and was, in fact, a faster route. After it was finished the importance of Saalfeld station grew sharply. It was the last major station before a climb of almost 400 metres through the Franconian Forest.
Other lines were opened to Saalfeld: the Arnstadt–Saalfeld line from Erfurt in 1895, the Schwarza Valley Railway from Katzhütte and the Köditzberg–Königsee line from Königsee in 1900, the line from Hof 1907 and the Sonneberg–Probstzella railway from Sonnenberg in 1913. During the Second World War, the strategically important station was destroyed in air strikes. The division of Germany reduced its importance, since traffic between East Germany and Bavaria was reduced. However, Interzone trains crossed at Saalfeld, as the Franconian Forest Railway, along with the more easterly line via Hof, were the only rail links between East Germany and Bavaria. The second track was dismantled in 1946 between Saaleck junction near Naumburg and Probstzella as reparations to the Soviet Union.
After German reunification, the importance of the station was restored. In 1994/95 the Saal Railway and Franconian Forest Railway were electrified and the second track were restored. Today it is the only direct ICE route between Berlin and Munich, while the importance of the second line via Hof has declined. In the following years, the station was upgraded to support modern long-distance traffic and received, among other things, three new and fully accessible platforms. The entrance building was renovated and extended.
The completion of the Nuremberg–Erfurt high-speed line will lead to Saalfeld—along with Jena and the Bavarian station of Lichtenfels—losing their ICE stops in favour of Erfurt. There are also plans to restore the six kilometre-long Hell Valley Railway over the former inner German border, which would connect Saalfeld and Hof again.
The marshalling yard to the east of the passenger station is closed.
Operations.
The following services stop at the station (2013):

</doc>
<doc id="30949857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949857" title="The Village of Waiting">
The Village of Waiting

After serving with the Peace Corps in Togo in 1982-3, George Packer wrote The Village of Waiting about his experiences there. The book chronicles Packer's time as an English teacher in the small village of Lavie (meaning "wait a little longer"), as well as his visits to the capital Lomé and several other African countries. Packer mixes anecdotes about the people he met in Togo with political observations (notably harsh criticisms of Togolese President Gnassingbe Eyadema) and many of the lessons he learned while serving. In an afterword to the most recent (2001) edition, Packer follows up with many of the characters from the original version and reflects upon the changes Togo has experienced since his time there. Packer was an early termination from the Peace Corps, leaving Togo six months prior to the end of his contracted period of service. He chose not to mention this in the book.

</doc>
<doc id="30949869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949869" title="Harold Treherne">
Harold Treherne

Harold Treherne (Born about 1884) of Brighton, England, was a stamp forger notable for his forgeries of the stamps of India and Australia who was known as "The Brighton forger" and his works as "Brighton forgeries".
First forgeries.
Treherne appears to have entered the forgery business about 1902 or slightly earlier when he was working as a clerk in Brighton. He would have been aged about 18 in 1902.
Treherne at first produced only fake overprints and surcharges, or imperforate whole stamps as he lacked perforating or rouletting equipment and the overprints and surcharges only required simple printing in black ink. Later he moved on to more sophisticated forgeries.
The "Excelsior Traders' Supply Company" in London supplied Treherne with a large number of zinc cliches and printing plates including overprints, surcharges and complete stamps.
Treherne also had a contact in India, a Mr Thomas Hill in Bombay, who supplied him with genuine used Indian stamps to which fake overprints were applied and which were returned in lots of 1000 of a kind for sale in India.
Later forgeries.
Some of Treherene's best work is thought to be forgeries of the stamps of Jammu and Kashmir which he produced in whole sheets showing all of the varieties of type on the originals.
Aliases.
Treherne used the aliases "G. Arnold", "H. Curtis", "H. Hordern", "M. Melville", "J. or T. Morton", "R. Newman", "A. West" and possibly others.
Trapped.
Treherne's work started to be noticed in 1903 and 1904 but it was not at first attributed to him. In 1903 A.B. Kay wrote about forged stamps of Kashmir in Stanley Gibbons' Monthly Journal and in 1904 Charles Nissen wrote more generally in "The Stamp Collectors' Annual" about the wide variety of forgeries for sale in Brighton.
In 1907 a member of the "Stamp Trade Protection Association" became concerned about the volume of orders for common stamps received from Treherne that could be easily manipulated by the application of fake surcharges or overprints. After a member received an order for a large number of Great Britain penny reds, the association set a trap for Treherne by marking some with a pin prick. When the stamps were eventually sold, they had acquired a CYPRUS overprint not present originally, thus greatly increasing their value.
Treherne was arrested on 2 August 1907 and was found to have 447 dies or plates in his possession. He pleaded guilty at his trial and sentence was deferred. In the meantime, the "Commissioners of Inland Revenue" brought additional charges against Treherne of being in possession of dies, plates and instruments for making fictitious stamps and he was found guilty of these charges and fined £15 and costs. In January 1908 the earlier case on which sentence had been deferred was reopened and he was sentenced to four months hard labour plus an additional month for failure to pay the earlier fine.

</doc>
<doc id="30949875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949875" title="List of number-one albums of 2011 (Spain)">
List of number-one albums of 2011 (Spain)

Top 100 España is a record chart published weekly by PROMUSICAE (Productores de Música de España), a non-profit organization composed by Spain and multinational record companies. This association tracks record sales (physical and digital) in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="30949886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949886" title="Ryan Kavanaugh">
Ryan Kavanaugh

Ryan Colin Kavanaugh (born December 4, 1974) is an American film producer and film financier. He is the founder and current CEO of Relativity Media.
He was named by "Variety" as 2011's "Showman of the Year" and was #22 on the "Fortune" "40 Under 40" list. He was #19 on the "Forbes" 2013 list of youngest billionaires, and he entered an investment partnership with Ron Burkle. He is active in philanthropy and was named a Hollywood Humanitarian by Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
Early life.
Kavanaugh was born to a Jewish family in Los Angeles, California, and raised in Brentwood. His mother, Leslie Levin, is a real estate broker, and his father, Jack Konitz, a dentist turned businessman, was born in Germany; Jack later changed his surname to Kavanaugh before his son's birth. After attending UCLA, Kavanaugh founded a small venture capital firm. The firm struggled in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and resulting market downturn and was eventually wound up.
Career.
Relativity Media.
Kavanaugh founded Relativity Media after briefly serving as a consultant to other small businesses and venture capitalists. In the late 1990s, he asked his father for a $50,000 loan to start his own hedge fund; his father declined, but this did not dissuade Ryan, whose aim was to use mathematical tools to connect financing and movie projects in a more efficient manner than traditional Hollywood finance. At Relativity, he created what is now known as "the model", a monte carlo model designed to predict the odds of a given film being successful. No film at Relativity is given a green light unless the model predicts a high probability of profitability. During Relativity’s first year of operation, Kavanaugh executed what was considered to be an innovative finance deal for Marvel Studios which led them to make the successful Iron Man franchise. Kavanaugh went on to structure business deals for such companies as: Sony, Universal, Warner Brothers, among many others. Kavanaugh has acquired a number of assets, including the marketing and distribution operations of John Malone's Liberty Media/Starz film unit Overture Films, and reaching a first of its kind TV pay deal with Netflix.
Kavanaugh forged a marketing, promotional, and production partnership with Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Mobile and Virgin Produced, in which Relativity owns a stake. Kavanaugh also brokered an innovative cross-platform marketing partnership with Clear Channel Radio, the media company with the most reach in the United States. He was also instrumental in launching Relativity's historic partnership with China's Huaxia Film Distribution Co. Ltd. to become equal partners in Sky Land Entertainment with private-equity firm SAIF Partners and IDG China Media to handle production and distribution of films in China and U.S. This marks the first strategic alliance between a Hollywood film production entity and a Chinese government-sponsored company. 
Relativity has produced, distributed, and/or structured financing for more than 200 motion pictures, generating more than $17 billion in worldwide box office revenue and earning 60 Oscar nominations. In 2012, Kavanaugh brokered a deal in which billionaire Ron Burkle will partner with Relativity and invest $800 million in the company. As Chairman and the largest shareholder, Kavanaugh will retain control of Relativity and control the majority of the board of directors of Relativity.
Recent events.
Kavanaugh led a group acquiring FreeHand, a premium dog food manufacturer best known for its work rescuing homeless dogs. He intends to integrate FreeHand into the activities of Relativity, including a TV series based around building a dog food company and increased awareness of dog rescue. He invested $25 million in luxury leather maker nuMobilia in 2012, which was later liquidated in bankruptcy court in June 2013. Kavanaugh is a significant investor in music game creator .
Films produced.
Kavanaugh has produced such films as "Immortals", "Limitless", "The Fighter", "Mirror Mirror", "Safe Haven". He executive produced "The Social Network", which received eight Oscar nominations. His other films include "Despicable Me", "Mamma Mia!", "", "Grown Ups" and "Dear John". He lost his bid for an Academy film credit as producer of "The Fighter". 
Ironically, despite Kavaugh's "Moneyball" approach to film making, he turned down a chance to invest in the actual movie "Moneyball", citing the model's prediction that sports movies are often commercial failures.
Honors and awards.
Kavanaugh was honored with the 2009 Hollywood Producer of the Year Award at the 13th Annual Hollywood Awards Gala and "Daily Variety" published a special issue honoring Kavanaugh as a "Billion Dollar Producer". In 2010, "The Hollywood Reporter" bestowed the Leadership Award to Kavanaugh and the "Daily Reporter" dedicated a special issue in his honor as a "Billion Dollar Producer". He was named "Variety's Showman of the Year, 2011". 
Kavanaugh was 21st on Fortune's 40 Under 40 Most Influential People in Business in 2010 and in "Forbes’ Future 400: Ones To Watch". He was named a "Top Thinker" by Esquire. He also serves on the boards of other charitable foundations such as Cedars-Sinai Board of Governors and as Chairman of The Art of Elysium.
Personal life.
He grew up in Brentwood, California where he attended Brentwood High School, and currently resides in Malibu. In 2011, Kavanaugh married dancer Britta Lazenga. The bachelor party was thrown by DiCaprio and Cooper.
Philanthropy.
Kavanaugh recently became involved in dog rescue through his acquisition of FreeHand, saying that "We hope this will become a staple of Hollywood, and if you are not involved in this, then you’re not promoting social good amongst the animal world." He has been recognized for his charitable work by organizations including Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, whose Board of Governors honored him as the sole winner of the 2010 Hollywood Humanitarian Award; the Sheriff’s Youth Foundation, which presented him with its Community Champion Award in recognition of his outstanding dedication to inner-city young people; and by First Star for his dedication to improving life for child victims of abuse and neglect. 
Kavanaugh was honored with the 2011 Entertainment Industry Award by the Anti-Defamation League, a group committed to fighting anti-Semitism and bigotry of all kinds. The award is given to individuals who demonstrate leadership and extraordinary innovation in the entertainment industry. Kavanaugh serves as the Chairman of the Board for The Art of Elysium, an organization that encourages actors, artists and musicians to voluntarily dedicate their time and talent to children who are battling serious medical conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="30949909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949909" title="Xavier Serra">
Xavier Serra

Xavier Serra (born September 10, 1959) is a researcher in the field of Sound and Music Computing and professor at the Pompeu Fabra University (UPF) in Barcelona. He is the founder and director of the Music Technology Group at the UPF.
Life and education.
Xavier Serra was born in Barcelona (Catalonia, Spain) and from a very young age he maintained a dual interest in music and science. He started musical studies when he was 11 years old, studying classical guitar and cello at the Conservatory of Barcelona (graduated in guitar in 1981) and then he combined those studies with the studies of Biology at the University of Barcelona (BSc in Biology in 1981).
After completing his undergraduate education and with a scholarship from a Catalan bank, he continued his studies in the USA. He did a Master in Music at Florida State University (graduated with honors in 1983), where he was able to combine music performance with a formal education in computer music in one of the few centers that at that time offered this possibility. In 1983 he obtained a Fulbright scholarship to do a PhD and was accepted at Stanford University to work at the Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics (CCRMA), specializing in audio signal processing for music applications. At CCRMA, he studied with pioneers in the field like John Chowning, Max Mathews and Julius Smith. Xavier Serra obtained his PhD in 1989 with a thesis entitled: "A System for Sound Analysis/Transformation/Synthesis based on a Deterministic plus Stochastic Decomposition". Out of the thesis, Stanford University obtained a patent and a number of relevant academic articles were published. Serra's thesis was recognized as an important contribution in the field of Sound and Music Computing, being cited by several hundred academic publications in the next few years and obtaining a wide recognition from the research community.
Career.
After obtaining the PhD, Xavier Serra was hired by the Japanese company Yamaha at a research center that the company established in California, Yamaha Music Technologies. There he continued for two years his research on audio processing applied to sound synthesis, working specially with the singing voice.
In 1991 Xavier Serra obtained a grant from the Spanish Government to return to Barcelona with the goal to promote there the field of Sound and Music Computing. He became the executive director of Phonos Foundation and from that position he promoted new education and research initiatives. He joined the Universitat Pompeu Fabra in 1994 and established the Music Technology Group. He also helped in creating the Escola Superior de Music de Catalunya, where he established the Department of Sonology.
As head of the Music Technology Group of the UPF, Xavier Serra has been behind most of the accomplishments of the group, such as Vocaloid, Freesound.org, BMAT, and Reactable. He has also been very active in promoting initiatives in the field of Sound and Music Computing at the international level, being editor and reviewer of a number of journals, conferences and research programs of the European Commission, and giving lectures on current and future challenges of the field.
CompMusic: A multicultural approach to Music Computing.
In 2010 Xavier Serra was awarded an Advanced Grant of the European Research Council to carry out the project CompMusic ("Computational models for the discovery of the world's music"). The main goal of CompMusic is to advance in the field of Music Computing by approaching a number of the current research challenges from a multicultural perspective. It aims to advance in the description and formalization of music, making it more accessible to computational approaches and reducing the gap between audio signal descriptions and semantically meaningful music concepts. It intends to develop information modelling techniques applicable to non-western music repertories and formulate computational models to represent culture specific music contexts. CompMusic approaches these research challenges by (1) combining methodologies from disciplines such as Information Processing, Computational Musicology, Music Cognition and Human-Computer Interaction, and (2) analyzing a variety of music information sources such as audio features, symbolic scores, text commentaries, user evaluations, etc. from some of the major non-western art-music traditions in North-India (Hindustani) South-India (Carnatic), Turkey (Ottoman), Maghreb (Andalusian) and China (Beijing Opera). CompMusic wants to challenge the current western centered information paradigms, advance our Information Technologies research, and contribute to our rich multicultural society.

</doc>
<doc id="30949913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949913" title="Romualdo Palacios Gonzalez">
Romualdo Palacios Gonzalez

Romualdo Palacios González was a Spanish general and governor of Puerto Rico in 1887. He is best remembered for his political persecution of Puerto Rican "Autonomistas" called "Componte", a term than means "to rectify" or "to pacify". His favorite detention centers were the jails at the Ponce Military Barracks in Ponce and the Fort San Felipe del Morro in San Juan. Amongst his most notable persecutions was that of Román Baldorioty de Castro. Palacios was removed from office by the Spanish government and returned to Spain on 11 November 1887. His political prisoners were released on December 24, 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="30949914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949914" title="Kalgachia">
Kalgachia

Kalgachia () is a semi urban town of Barpeta district, Assam, India. It is west of district headquarters Barpeta.
Kalgachia is a Mia Muslim (East Bengal rooted Muslim) based town. The census of India shows that 98% people of the people in this town are Muslim. The total population is 29,000 where 17,000 are male and 12,000 are female.
History.
It is not clear, when the village is established but a few official document says that the village was established 16th century .Here, it is available large number of "Kolgos" (Banana tree) so the name has become Kalgachia (place where banana trees are found).Popular stories refers to the existence of an Assamese Hindu dominated period in the region, which popularised the name 'Kalitapara'
Education.
Nabajyoti College is the main attraction of Kalgachia.There are many private institutions in this place. Ataur Rahman College of Education and B.B. College are another two attraction of closer to this town.

</doc>
<doc id="30949922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949922" title="Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration">
Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration

The Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration is an official responsible for monitoring the work of the UK Border Agency and Border Force, and is also the name used by the staff that supports his work. The position was created by section 48 of the UK Borders Act 2007, which also created the UK Border Agency.
The inspectorate does not investigate individual cases, but assesses whether the organisations are executing the policies laid down by Parliament and the Home Office, and whether there is maladministration. Inspections involve site visits throughout the world.
The current Independent Chief Inspector is John Vine QPM CBE, former Chief Constable of Tayside Police, who is paid approximately £140,000. He was appointed by the Home Office from outside the agency, in the same way as Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons.
The resulting reports can be robust in their criticism of the UK Border Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="30949934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949934" title="Baltic mill">
Baltic mill

The Baltic Mill was a copper stamping mill near Redridge, Michigan. The Atlantic mill was located at a nearby location.

</doc>
<doc id="30949936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949936" title="Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies">
Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies

Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies (KUFOS) is a university established by Government of Kerala devoted to studies in fisheries and ocean sciences. The Bill seeking to establish the University was passed by the Kerala Legislative Assembly on 30 December 2010. KUFOS has its headquarters in the premises of the College of Fisheries, Panangad, near Kochi. The College of Fisheries, established in the year 1979, was a constituent college of the Kerala Agricultural University. KUFOS is the first University in India exclusively dedicated to studies in fisheries and allied disciplines. The University was formally inaugurated and dedicated to the nation in a function held at the campus of the College of Fisheries, Panangad, on 20 February 2011.
Dr. B. Madhusoodhana Kurup, a member of Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority and Director of the School of Industrial Fisheries, Cochin University of Science and Technology, is the inaugural Vice-Chancellor of the University. Dr Mohanakumaran nair, Dean and head of Department of aquaculture, college of fisheries, panangad is the first Pro Vice-chancellor of the University. Dr Tresa Radhakrishnan of Aquatic Biology Department of the Kerala University is the first Registrar of the university.
The Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies ( KUFOS ) is an autonomous public funded institution established on 20th November 2010, and governed by the Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies Act, 2010 passed by the Kerala Law ( Legislation 1 ) Department vide Notification No. 19540 / Leg.1 / 2010/Law dated 28 January 2011. This is the first Fisheries University in India coming under the Fisheries Ministry with its headquarters at Panangad , 12 km. away from Kochi city, along the NH-47. Ernakulam South Railway Station is the nearest Railway Station, 12 km away from the campus. Total land area is 69.10 acres.
College of Fisheries , Panangad, Kochi and the Fisheries Research Station, Puduvype were disaffiliated from Kerala Agricultural University to form KUFOS which started functioning with effect from 1 st April 2011. This is the primary and principal instrumentality of Kerala State in providing human resources, skills and technology required for the sustainable development of Fisheries and Ocean Studies. It acts as a centre of excellence for human resource development in Fisheries and Ocean Studies and the nodal agency to establish relationship with institutions and universities functioning at national and international level. The mission of the University is to serve as a flagship University of higher learning through demonstrated and growing excellence in teaching, research, extension, training, scholarship and creative work in Fisheries and Ocean studies, comparable with global standards that will benefit the country and the world at large. 
Her Excellency the Governor of Kerala Smt. Sheila Dixit is the Chancellor and the Hon.Minister for Fisheries Sri K. Babu is the Pro-Chancellor of the University. The supreme authority of the University is the Senate and the chief executive body is the Governing Council. The Vice- Chancellor is the principal executive who is assisted by the Pro-Vice chancellor, Registrar, Finance Officer, Deans of Faculties, Controller of examination, Director of Research, Director of Extension, Directors of Schools and Heads of Departments.The state government has planned to develop the ground inside the KUFOS campus into an international stadium for the FIFA U-17 World Cup in 2017 which is to be held in India.
Education.
The study of Fisheries Science has got vast opportunities in Aquaculture, artificial breeding, fish culture and also in exploiting the immense fishery resources. Teaching is carried out at the Panangad campus of the University. The University has world renowned, eminent teacher scientists, full-fledged laboratories, fish hatcheries, farms, library and computer lab. National Service Scheme, NCC ( Naval Wing ) , Placement Cell and the Parent Teacher Association take care of the extra-curricular activities of the students. Ample facilities are there for sports and games. Hostel facility is available for both boys and girls. 
The University offers Under graduate ( B.F.Sc.), Post-graduate( M.F.Sc.) and Doctoral (Ph.D. ) programmes in Fisheries Science under the Faculty of Fisheries. The courses under the Faculty of Fisheries are offered in full compliance with the ICAR pattern. Post–graduate programmes are offered in four disciplines and Doctoral programmes in three disciplines. There are 50 seats for the B.F.Sc. programme out of which 31 seats are open. Seven seats are allotted to ICAR candidates and six reserved for children of fishermen. Out of the 14 seats for the M.F.Sc. programme, 4 seats are allotted to ICAR candidates. 
In the academic year 2012-2013, the University started Post Graduate courses in MBA under School of Management and Entrepreneurship, Physical Oceanography & Ocean Modelling (M.Sc.-PO & OM),and Biological Oceanography & Bio-Diversity (M.Sc.-BO & BD. 
Kerala Students Union, Kufos is the major political organisation in the campus.

</doc>
<doc id="30949959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949959" title="Juana Coello">
Juana Coello

Juana Coello (Madrid 1548 -?) was the wife of Antonio Pérez, Secretary of State of Philip II of Spain, famous for having helped her husband escape from prison.
Biography.
Coello received good education and married in 1567. Her husband was revealed to be a womanizer; some authors claim that he had sex with the Princess of Eboli, the king's favorite, who put him in jail.
Escape of Antonio Pérez.
Juana visited her husband in prison and gave him her clothes, thus facilitating his escape. She remained behind, locked in the dungeon her husband had occupied. In 1585 he went to Portugal to see the king. When Juana moved from Aldea Gallega to Lisbon, she was seized and imprisoned again in the public jail of Madrid, together with her seven children. All were later transferred to a fortress, where she remained until April 1599, when Philip II was dead. Her children remained behind bars.
Later life.
Since that date, little is known. Some authors state that she went to Paris to join her husband and died in poverty at 1602. Others say that in 1613 she sought the rehabilitation of their children, to which the Inquisition of Zaragoza agreed two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="30949974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949974" title="Sadio Diallo">
Sadio Diallo

Abdoulaye Sadio Diallo (born 28 December 1990) commonly known as Sadio Diallo, is a Guinean footballer. He currently plays for club FC Lorient, on loan from Rennes, after starting his career for the Corsican club SC Bastia in the 2009–10 Ligue 2 season.
In 2010, he made his debut for the Guinean national team.
On 5 June 2011, Diallo scored the third goal in Guinea's 4–1 win over Madagascar which saw them move clear at the top of Group B of the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers as Nigeria drew 2–2 in Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="30949986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30949986" title="Primrose Lane">
Primrose Lane

"Primrose Lane" is a song made famous by country music singer Jerry Wallace. Originally released in 1959, the song rose to number 8 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was ranked #47 on "Billboard" magazine's "Top Hot 100" songs of 1959.
In the song, the singer appears to be serenading his love as they walk down the road and claiming "life's a holiday" with her.
"Supper-club Soul" singer O.C. Smith remade the song in 1970, scoring a modest hit. The record reached #86 pop, #4 Easy Listening in Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="30950009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950009" title="Akananda and Bakananda">
Akananda and Bakananda

Akananda and Bakananda () were the Bengali Hindu generals of Hatiagarh, who mortally wounded Arab missionary Pir Gorachand, in a pitched battle.
Early life.
Little is known about the early life of the princes Akananda and Bakananda. Satish Chandra Mitra however identified Akananda with his apparently uncorrupted name viz. "Akshayananda". Akananda and Bakananda were the sons of Mahidananda, the ruler of Hatiagarh. According to Dr. Girindranath Das, Akananda and Bakananda were two generals based at Hatiagarh, under the command of king Chandraketu. According Binay Ghosh, Akananda and Bakananda were either Poundra Kshatriyas or Byagra Kshatriyas by caste.
Resistance to Arab missionaries.
In the middle of the 14th century, an Arab missionary named Syed Abbas Ali arrived in lower Bengal with a team of 21 auliyas and other mercenaries. At Balanda, near Deganga in present North 24 Parganas district the missionaries began to convert the Hindus by force. When the missionaries reached nearby Hatiagarh, they were confronted by Akananda and Bakananda, the princes of Hatiagarh. A pitched battle ensued between the missionaries and their mercenaries on one side and the common people, mainly belonging to the lower castes led by the princes of Hatiagarh on the other. In the battle, Akananda mortally wounded Gorachand with a sharp arrow. According to Dr. Girindranath Das, both Akananda and Bakananda died in the battle., but according to Satish Chandra Mitra only Bakananda died in the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="30950011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950011" title="Alexander Fullerton">
Alexander Fullerton

Alexander Fullerton (19242008) was a British author of naval and other fiction. Born in 1924 in Suffolk and brought up in France, he was a cadet during the years 1938-1941 at the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth from the age of thirteen. He went to sea serving first in the battleship "Queen Elizabeth" in the Mediterranean, and spent the rest of the war at sea - mostly under it, in submarines.
Authorship.
Alexander Fullerton's first novel - "Surface!", based on his experiences as gunnery and torpedo officer of HM Submarine "Seadog" in the Far East, 1944–1945, in which capacity he was mentioned in despatches for distinguished service - was published in 1953. It became an immediate bestseller, with five reprints in six weeks, and sold over 500,000 copies. He has lived solely on his writing since 1967, and is claimed (by his publishers) to be one of the most borrowed authors from British libraries.
Bibliography.
The Nicholas Everard Series.
Alexander Fullerton's nine-volume "Mariner of England" series featuring his hero Nicholas Everard has secured his reputation as one of the finest of modern writers about naval warfare. As well as individual volumes, the series is also published in three omnibus volumes, each comprising three novels.
The Rosie Ewing Quartet.
A series of novels based on the activities of real-life wartime secret agent Rosie Ewing (real name Rosie Quarry) based on her adventures in German-occupied France.
When Rosie Quarry (a wartime secret agent) read Alexander Fullerton's four novels, she wrote to him suggesting that he might like to hear the story of her first mission, when she'd parachuted into moonlit countryside near Cahors and made her way down to Toulouse to join the SOE network as a radio-operator and courier. Rosie was twenty-four at the time, when the expected life-span of a radio-operator was six weeks. The result was contained in the following 'prequel' to the quartet, which also describes the meeting between her and Fullerton:

</doc>
<doc id="30950012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950012" title="Cardiff University School of Music">
Cardiff University School of Music

Cardiff University School of Music is the music department of Cardiff University and is located in Cardiff, Wales. It is home to about 240 undergraduate and 40 postgraduate students. It was one of the first departments established when Cardiff University was granted its Royal Charter in 1883. In the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise, 70% of the School’s research was judged to be either “internationally excellent” or “world-leading”. The department holds close links with organisations such as BBC National Orchestra of Wales and Welsh National Opera.
Undergraduate degrees.
Cardiff University School of Music offers the following undergraduate degree programmes:.
Postgraduate degrees.
Cardiff University School of Music offers the following postgraduate degree programmes:.
It also offers PhD Research Programmes in the following areas:.
Reputation.
In the 2011 National Student Survey, the School was given a student satisfaction rating of 92%.
The School is ranked 14th amongst UK Music Departments, according to the 2012 Sunday Times University Guide.
People.
The current Head of School is Professor Rachel Cowgill.
Notable alumni include the internationally acclaimed composer Alun Hoddinott, who was head of the school from 1967 to 1989, composer Karl Jenkins, Tony Woodcock (President of the New England Conservatory), music scholar David Wyn Jones, pianist and accompanist Andrew Matthews-Owen and Emmy-nominated composer Mark Thomas.
Ensembles.
The music school is home to numerous ensembles, the largest of these being the University Symphony Orchestra and the University Choral Society. Smaller groups include the University Chamber Orchestra, University Chamber Choir and the Contemporary Music Group.
Choirs.
The University Choir is a 240-strong chorus which performs tri-annually, twice with the Symphony Orchestra and once with the Chamber Orchestra.
The School of Music also has a Chamber Choir, conducted by John Hugh Thomas. The choir gives two concerts a year and has performed in Llandaff Cathedral and St Davids Cathedral.
Performances are usually in collaboration with the Chamber Orchestra.
Orchestras.
Since 2008 the orchestra has been conducted by Mark Eager. Entry is gained by audition. The orchestra performs tri-annually at Llandaff Cathedral, BBC Hoddinott Hall and St. David's Hall, with two of these three concerts in collaboration with the University Choir. 
Recent performances have included Mahler Symphony No.1, Dvorak Symphony No. 8 and Shostakovich Symphony No. 5.
The music school also has a Chamber Orchestra. As with the symphony orchestra, entry is gained on audition. The orchestra performs usually twice a year, sometimes in collaboration with the Chamber Choir. Recent performance have included Beethoven's Egmont Overture and Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 23.
Ensemble-in-Residence.
The University's Ensemble-in-Residence is the Carducci String Quartet. The members of this Anglo-Irish Quartet are Matthew Denton (violin), Michelle Fleming (violin), Eoin Schmidt-Martin (viola) and Emma Denton (cello).
Other ensembles.
The Contemporary Music Group performs twice a year and provides the opportunity for students to explore more contemporary repertoire. The ensemble also premieres works by the student composers.

</doc>
<doc id="30950026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950026" title="2011 NACAC Cross Country Championships">
2011 NACAC Cross Country Championships

The 2011 NACAC Cross Country Championships was the seventh edition of the continental cross country running competition which took place on February 19 at Queen's Park Savannah in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. A total of 166 athletes took part in the event, hailing from a record high of 20 nations within the North America, Central America and Caribbean region.
The competition featured four races: an 8 km senior men's race, a 6 km senior women's race, a 6 km junior (under-20s) men's race and a 4 km junior women's race. The course for the championships followed a 2-kilometer grassy loop and was relatively flat throughout. Kenyan-born runner Robert Cheseret won the senior men's gold for the United States and also led the Americans to the team title. Canadian Kathryn Harrison secured the senior women's title, but the United States took the overall senior women's gold medals. Ross Proudfoot led a Canadian sweep of the medals in the junior men's race, while American Chelsea Orr was the junior women's gold medalist.
Medallists.
Complete results were published.
Participation.
According to an unofficial count, 121 athletes from 19 countries participated.

</doc>
<doc id="30950028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950028" title="Psilogramma wetarensis">
Psilogramma wetarensis

Psilogramma wetarensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Timor in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30950031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950031" title="Hygrophorus nemoreus">
Hygrophorus nemoreus

Hygrophorus nemoreus is an edible species of fungus in the genus "Hygrophorus".

</doc>
<doc id="30950038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950038" title="Anzi Destruction">
Anzi Destruction

Anzi Destruction is a Finnish rock musician born Antero Koskikallio. He is known for his energic and wild live shows including fire breathing. He was the lead singer of Stereo Junks! (2003–2010). Prior to joining Stereo Junks!, he played guitar in glam/punk band Plastic Tears in late nineties. In 2001 he released two solo EPs "Shoot I" and "Shoot II". In 2010 he joined The Salvation as its lead singer. He has a solo album, "High Clash Motherf***er", due of in April 2011.
Anzi Destruction married with Katariina Souri in 2010. Couple divorced on 2012 but they are living together.
Discography.
Solo
The Salvation
Stereo Junks!
Plastic Tears

</doc>
<doc id="30950039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950039" title="Gönül Başaran Erönen">
Gönül Başaran Erönen

Gönül Başaran Erönen (born 1953 in London, United Kingdom) is a Cypriot judge who was the first female district judge in Cyprus in 1980 and the first female justice of the Northern Cyprus Supreme Court in 1994.
Biography.
A London native, Erönen was born in 1953. Her mother and father, Sema and Orhan Başaran, were Turkish Cypriots who emigrated to the London in 1950; they had five children, of which Erönen was the only daughter. Inspired by watching her father working as a translator at the Old Bailey, Erönen decided at the age of seven to pursue a career in law. At the age of 22 Erönen qualified as a barrister from the Council of Legal Education as a Member of the Honourable Society of the Gray's Inn.
In 1975, Erönen immigrated to Cyprus and in 1976 began establishing her career in the legal field, while also taking on employment as a part-time English newsreader on Bayrak Television, a position she would retain until 1980. In 1976, she passed the Turkish Cypriot Bar Examinations and undertook a pupillage with Ümit Süleyman Onan. In 1977, she opened her own practice, and three years later became the first female District Judge in Cyprus. In 1986, she was distinguished as the Senior District Judge, and in 1992 she became its President. Erönen broke ground again in 1994 when she was elevated to the Turkish Cypriot Supreme Court Bench as its first female, as well as its youngest, justice. She retired after 31 years of service.
Personal life.
In 1977, she married Yücem Erönen who is an architect. She has two sons named Orhan and Enver.

</doc>
<doc id="30950041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950041" title="Psilogramma wernerbacki">
Psilogramma wernerbacki

Psilogramma wernerbacki is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="30950046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950046" title="Andorran parliamentary election, 2011">
Andorran parliamentary election, 2011

Early parliamentary elections were held in Andorra on 3 April 2011 after the General Council of Andorra was dissolved over problems in passing important laws, including the budget and laws related to a value added tax.
The Democrats for Andorra won an absolute majority of seats making Antoni Martí the prime minister-designate.
Background.
The two co-princes of Andorra – the President of France and the Bishop of Urgell – do not get involved in internal politics, particularly after the May 1993 constitution making the principality an independent state.
Andorra is also a conservative country where many people vote more for men than specific programmes.
Fall of government.
A crisis in government developed after banking secrecy laws were lifted and a value added tax was due to be applied to companies, along with an opening up to foreign investment. After the 2009 election, the Social Democratic Party achieved a plurality of seats but fell one seat short of an overall majority, thus providing for more deadlock during key pieces of legislation. The government fell two years before its full four-year term was due to end after failing to pass the budget with an absolute majority. Jaume Bartumeu effectively called for an election by requesting that the country's co-princes dissolve parliament.
Electoral system.
Twenty-eight "general councillors" were elected, based on closed party lists:
The parish lists and the national list are independent of one another: the same person cannot appear on both the national list and on a parish list, and voters cast two separate ballots. There is no requirement to vote for the same party for both lists.
Campaign.
Five parties contested the election: The governing Social Democrats (PS), the newly formed opposition Democrats for Andorra (DA), the third place Andorra for Change (ApC), the Greens and the local conservative Lauredian Union (LU) party.
Out of these only the PS, DA and LU contested the parish seats. The PS contested all parishes, while DA contested all but Sant Julià de Lòria, which was contested by Lauredian Union. ApC announced they would support DA candidates on a parish level.
Incumbent Prime Minister Jaume Bartumeu and his main challenger Antoni Martí wanted to change the protectionism previously prevalent in the national economy. They sought to attract foreign capital primarily in the technology sector to diversify from a current economy based on trade (33%), tourism (33%) and banking (17%). Due to the global financial crisis and its effect on Spain, which accounts for 80% of Andorran trade, (the other 20% with France) the economy was in a "severe crisis." Since 2008, 4,000 people in the country of 84,525 have lost their jobs, including seasonal employment.
Bartumeu had released the listing of Andorra’s tax haven status with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. He also enacted a law to lift bank secrecy. He accuses right-winged parties of not forgiving him for a "move towards transparency and fiscal reforms."
Martí said that: "We develop our tax system to be within the European standards, Andorrans do not want to pay taxes, but they understand the need to change the system. We will keep an attractive tax regime and will continue to offer attractive products." Still there was some "broad consensus on economic and tax issues" between the two main parties; though the main difference was the creation of an income tax. Bartumeu sought to tax incomes of more than 40,000 euros, even though the minimum wage is 39,600. Marti opposed the entire proposal.
Eusebi Nomen of Andorra for Change also denounced the proposed increased tax burden and accused the government of selling "national sovereignty."
The Greens of Andorra's Isabel Lozano said that economic development must be more environmentally friendly.
Results.
The Democrats for Andorra won a landslide victory, taking every parish in which they stood and winning the national vote, giving them 20 out of the 28 General Council's seats, the biggest victory in the country's history. The Social Democrats lost all their parish seats and held only their six national seats, while Lauredian Union returned to the General Council, winning the parish of Sant Julià de Lòria. Andorra for Change lost all their seats, and the Greens finished last, gaining no seats.
Voter turnout was 74.14%. Of the 28 members elected, 15 were women, making 54% of the parliament legislators women (up from 32%). This made Andorra the first European country to elect a parliament where women legislators were the majority, and only the second in the world after Rwanda.
National lists.
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Party
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats won
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference <br>in votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|15,510 !! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|14!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|- !! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|- !! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout !! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|74.1%
Parish lists.
The results by parish are:
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Party
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats won
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference in votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% of votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|-!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|596!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|81.5%
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Party
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference in votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% of votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|-!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2,090!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|74.6%
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Party
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference in votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% of votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|-!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|1,039!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|81.7%
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Partit polític
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference in votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% of votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|-!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|1,697!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|79.2%
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Party
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference in votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% of votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|-!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|4,176 !! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|68.4%
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Party
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference in votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% of votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|-!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2,184!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|75.9%
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Party
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Difference in votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|% of votes
! colspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Total!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|2!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|-!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|3,191!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|Turnout!! style="background:#e9e9e9;"|74.4%

</doc>
<doc id="30950047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950047" title="Psilogramma villani">
Psilogramma villani

Psilogramma villani is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="30950053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950053" title="Alexander Vasilyev">
Alexander Vasilyev

Alexander Vasilyev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30950060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950060" title="Psilogramma vates">
Psilogramma vates

Psilogramma vates is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30950080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950080" title="Psilogramma macromera">
Psilogramma macromera

Psilogramma macromera is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="30950083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950083" title="Edugeek">
Edugeek

EduGeek.net is a British based online peer support community and information portal for IT professionals predominantly working in the field of education, operating primarily as an internet forum. Founded by Chris Byers and Ric Charlton in 2005, the site now has 2 full-time paid employees the founder, Chris Byers & the webmaster Shaun Garriock. As of June 2014 the sites member base exceeds 68,300 users. 
History.
EduGeek was founded in 2005 by Chris Byers, an IT Systems manager for Lancashire schools in the United Kingdom, who has since become employed with the site full-time. During research, he found there was no other website or community that specifically targeted IT professionals that worked in Education. The website initially used Dragonfly CMS, although this was found to be too restrictive and the site has since moved onto vBulletin. Today, the EduGeek community boasts a member base in excess of 31,000.
In April 2010, the NAHT released a report looking at the spending behaviours of schools and the way suppliers were taking advantage of them. This report was in part based on posts at Edugeek, where some members had provided detailed accounts of how their schools had been ripped off by some suppliers.
Following the announcement by the UK Government that it was to close Becta, members of EduGeek worked to ensure that the expertise and knowledge available from Becta didn't disappear, transferring it to various new homes on the internet.
EduGeek has been a regular feature at the BETT show, manning the technical support help point for visitors, staffed by volunteers from its membership.
Operation.
The website currently has 3 Administrators and 16 Moderators, who volunteer personal time to contribute to the community. To help financially, the site has many sponsors such as Smoothwall and Promethean. The site also uses advertisements provided by AdSense to generate income.
Membership.
All of EduGeek services to its members are provided free of charge. Member’s details are never sold or passed on to third parties, and it’s this integrity which remains one of the sites main strong points.
Its members come from all areas of the IT profession. Originally aimed at the burgeoning field of IT professionals working within the British education sector in the mid-2000s (decade), its membership now consists of IT staff from all over the world in education, health, banking and private sector.
While the forum remains focussed on the education sector, their Technical forums contain help and information covering all IT sectors. Its membership increases at a rate of just over 10,000 per year although this currently shows signs of increasing.
Public face.
EduGeek spends a great deal of time and money ensuring the ‘community’ aspect of the site is developed by attending educational IT shows in the United Kingdom and the United States, as well as hosting its own annual conference, to ensure the staff and moderators get to meet its members in real life as much as possible.
Since its first conference in 2005, EduGeek has always ensured no costs will be passed onto its members for attending (apart from travel and accommodation costs) or catering during the event. EduGeek is a regular at the UK based BETT (British Educational Training and Technology) Show held each January at the London Olympia Exhibition Hall where it runs the shows Technical Help Point on behalf of show organisers EMAP, and has exhibited at the US International Society for Technology in Education show in Denver 2010 helping to increase awareness of the community in the US.
In February 2011, Microsoft invited 50 members of EduGeek over to their Reading Campus to discuss the different topics relating to Microsoft software in an educational environment and members got to voice their own concerns and questions such as licensing difficulties that small primary schools have compared to secondaries.

</doc>
<doc id="30950095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950095" title="Mazhavilkavadi">
Mazhavilkavadi

Mazhavilkavadi English: "Rainbow Festival") is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Raghunath Paleri. It stars Jayaram, Urvashi, Sithara, Innocent, Karamana Janardanan Nair, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Philomina, Sankaradi, Oduvil Unnikrishnan, Krishnan Kutty Nair, and Mamukkoya.
The film is considered one of the evergreen hits of Sathyan Anthikkad. It won four Kerala State Film Awards that year, the awards for Best Actress (Urvashi), Best Supporting Actor (Innocent), Best Music Director (Johnson), and Best Singer (K. S. Chithra).

</doc>
<doc id="30950100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950100" title="Robineau">
Robineau

Robineau is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
