<doc id="31229998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229998" title="Tau Devi Lal Stadium">
Tau Devi Lal Stadium

Tau Devi Lal Stadium is a multi-purpose sports complex located in Gurgaon within the state of Haryana, India. 
The site currently consists of two sports venues in addition to several practice facilities: the Tau Devi Lal Cricket Ground and the Tau Devi Lal Football Stadium.
It is the home ground of I-League 2nd Division side Amity United Football Club and on occasion the Haryana cricket team.
Cricket.
The stadium hosts first-class matches for Haryana cricket team. It has floodlight facilities. The end names of the stadium are City End, Pioneer Urban End. The stadium is located in Sohna Road, Sector 38 in Gurgaon.
The stadium has hosted a Women’s ODI between India and West Indies in 2004. The match was won by India by 170 runs as Aru Kirkire scored a century and then Mamatha Maben took 4 wickets.
The stadium was one the three venues which hosted unauthorized India Cricket League in 2008. The stadium has hosted 14 t20 games of the league.
Football.
On March 23, 2011 Afghanistan played vs Bhutan in 2012 AFC Challenge Cup qualification which was won by Afghanistan 3-0. Sidiq Walizada of Afghanistan scored 3 Goals for Afghanistan in 2', 36', 80'th minutes of the match. Total attendance was around 200 including around 50 Afghans .
Again on 25 March 2011 Afghanistan played vs Bhutan in 2012 AFC Challenge Cup qualification which was won by Afghanistan 2-0. Waheed Nadeem and Israfeel Kohistani of Afghanistan scored one Goal each in 60' and 64'th minutes of the match. Total attendance was around 2,000 including around 200 Afghans.

</doc>
<doc id="31230000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230000" title="Angel's Breath">
Angel's Breath

Angel's Breath was a project of Serbian musicians Milan Mladenović and Mitar Subotić "Suba". Initially named Dah Anđela (; trans. "Angel's Breath") and founded in 1985 by the two musicians with the guitarist Goran Vejvoda, the project was reactivated in São Paulo, Brazil, where Subotić had moved to live in the early 1990s, with a lineup of Brazilian musicians.
History.
The project Dah Anđela ("Angel's Breath") featuring Milan Mladenović, Mitar Subotić "Suba" and Goran Vejvoda was formed in 1985 and the three started writing material that had been performed at several concerts in Belgrade. However, due to the individual obligations of the project members, the band ceased to exist. In the early 1990s, Subotić had moved to São Paulo, Brazil where he continued working as a musician and a producer.
During the spring of 1994, Milan Mladenović went to São Paulo to join Subotić in order to reactivate the Angel's Breath project, and record the material that had previously been written. The two with Brazilian musicians Fabio Golfetti (guitar), João Parahyba (percussion), Madalena (backing vocals), Marisa Orth (backing vocals), Taciana Barros (counselor supreme) recorded the album "Angel's Breath" released by Imago during the same year.
The album featured Subotić as the album producer and keyboard player and Mladenović on lead vocals, guitar, harmonica and trumpet. The song lyrics were entirely written by Mladenović with the exception of the opening track "Praia Do Ventu Eternu", written by Taciana Barros, and as music authors appear Mladenović, Subotić, Fabio Golfetti and João Parahyba. About the whole project Milan Mladenović had said: "This album represents a continuation of my work in fighting against promitivism in today's culture, which had taken its toll mostly due to the ruthless political power games, causing an overall departure from the spiritual". 
On leaving Brazil, Mladenović went to Paris in order to record a promotional video for the song "Crv" ("The Worm") and then return to Belgrade in order to reactivate his own band Ekatarina Velika. However, the day after the August 24, 1994 performance in Budva at the Pjesma Mediterana festival, Mladenović was held in a hospital, and it was soon discovered that he had pancreatic cancer. A few months later, on November 5, 1994, Milan Mladenović died in Belgrade at the age of 36. Subotić, continued working in Brazil and released a solo album "São Paulo Confessions", but a few days after its release, on November 2, 1999, he died in the fire that had caught his studio.

</doc>
<doc id="31230004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230004" title="Olof Björner">
Olof Björner

Olof Björner (born November 26, 1942, Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish researcher who has specialized in documenting the live performances and recording sessions of American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. In addition to operating bjorner.com, a website featuring detailed listings of Dylan's live concerts and studio recordings from 1956 to 2012, Björner has authored a 13-volume set on these subjects, "Olof's Files: A Bob Dylan Performance Guide", which was issued by UK publisher Hardinge Simpole.
Commenting on the quality of Björner's publications and his website, Dylan critic Michael Gray has written, "The detail is extraordinary, and the level of accuracy phenomenal." 
Biography.
Born in Stockholm in 1942, Björner obtained a computer science degree in 1967. He first worked as a computer consultant and later became a management consultant specializing in internet technology strategies for the health care industry. In 2003, he and his wife Agneta bought a bookstore in Filipstad, a small town in the Swedish countryside.
Björner became interested in Dylan in 1963. His first work on the recording artist, "Words Fill My Head, Written, Spoken, Sung by Bob Dylan" was self-published in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="31230007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230007" title="Mud Men (TV series)">
Mud Men (TV series)

Mud Men is a 2011 British television series on the History channel. The series follows members of the Mudlarks Society as they hunt for items on the River Thames foreshore that may have changed the course of history. The series is presented by Johnny Vaughan and Steve "Mud God" Brooker, chairman of the Mudlarks Society.
Episodes.
Episode 1 – Guns.
Johnny Vaughan and Steve Brooker hit gold on day one, as they mudlark on the holy grail of Thames foreshores at the Tower of London.
While Steve investigates the military origins of a mysterious golden trumpet, Johnny re-unites a 250 year old musket ball with the Brown Bess gun that fired it. Together the boys go ballistic as they head to the firing range and try out the guns that have shaped 200 years of British Military history.
Major Items Found
Episode 2 – Tough Trades.
Johnny Vaughan and Steve Brooker take a journey into London’s historical trades via the Thames at Wapping.
Steve’s on a quest to find out about London’s historic alternative coinage and return an ancient trading token to its original home while Johnny gets to grips with the murky world of tobacco.
Together they try out some very smelly 17th century trades and get a bit more than they bargained for with a gutsy sheep as they learn how to make condoms in the style of the 17th century.
Major Items Found

</doc>
<doc id="31230015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230015" title="The Shaken &quot;N' Stirred Tour">
The Shaken &quot;N' Stirred Tour

The Shaken 'N' Stirred Tour was a concert tour by Robert Plant, the former lead singer of the British rock group Led Zeppelin, in North America and the United Kingdom in 1985. The tour started on June 9, 1985, in Vancouver, British Columbia, and ended on August 10, 1985, in London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="31230028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230028" title="Broadband.gov">
Broadband.gov

Broadband.gov is a website run by the Federal Communications Commission of the United States that reports Internet access around the country. The FCC uses the website to document the National Broadband Plan and its implementation, 
and inform the public about room for improvement by both Internet service providers and users.
National Broadband Plan.
The main purpose of Broadband.gov is to give the public insight into the National Broadband Plan, and the FCC's plans on how to spread the advancements in broadband technology to the nation. The website details how expanding broadband across the nation will improve health care, education, the environment, government performance speeds, civic engagement, and public safety in great detail on separate pages. In addition, the website gives continual progress reports on the government's progress on the National Broadband Plan, in both yearly and quarterly installments. Users can also download the National Broadband Plan from Broadband.gov for consumption by the general public. Any changes to the National Broadband Plan, or reports on the effectiveness of the plan thus far are also posted on the website for users to download and examine.
Resources.
Broadband.gov offers resources for consumers to see the local effects of the National Broadband Plan, and broadband as a whole. Featured is a Consumer Broadband Test that reports a user's internet download and upload speeds, latency and jitter. The government then uses these resources to analyze the nation's broadband quality, and to plan future locations that need improvements. Additional resources include a Deadzone Reporter, which allows the user to inform the government of locations without broadband, the Spectrum Dashboard (runs off another site), which tells the user how broadband connections are spread among various radio frequencies, and a link to the broadband map.gov, which allows the user to find any currently available broadband providers in their current location. Another important point of broadband.gov is to advocate the importance of the advancement of the medical field into the field of technology. Among the most advanced initiatives for using broadband is to improve health care in enhanced medical record-keeping that knits together electronic databases, giving patients and authorized providers instant and centralized access to information such as health histories, treatment regimens and medical images.
Broadband.gov also gives a brief overview to the user of what broadband is, how it relates to the Internet, its uses, and how having broadband Internet in the users' neighborhood will improve their daily living. Legal documents giving a framework of the National Broadband Plan, and other documents that show how the plan is progressing so far, are also included in this section for dissemination by the user.
Workshops.
Also contained on Broadband.gov is a list of workshops held by the FCC. "The goal of the workshops will be to promote an open dialogue between the FCC and key constituents on matters important to the National Broadband Plan." These meetings are held at the FCC and are put onto the Internet for everyone to have access to them. Past workshops have included how the broadband will be deployed, how schools, small businesses, and on-the-job training will benefit, and the issues that can come up with distributing broadband to the nation. Field events are also planned across the nation to help the FCC get word out on the National Broadband Plan, broadband.gov, and the FCC's plans for the future work on the Broadband initiative. Field events also give the public a chance to respond directly to FCC representatives about their concerns on the National Broadband Plan.
Blog.
Broadband.gov also encompasses one of the FCC's official blogs, nicknamed the BlogBand. The blog gives an inside view on the National Broadband plan and related issues. Here, various FCC commissioners and chair people make their comments on the future of the National Broadband plan, and the FCC's official stance on various forms of technology, such as the advancement of smartphone applications and their effects on our daily routines, or a summary on the latest Consumer Electronics Show, and what the latest technologies could bring. The blog also gives progress on broadband.gov as well, giving statistical information about the usage of various parts of the website, such as the National Broadband Map.

</doc>
<doc id="31230035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230035" title="Yemenia Flight 448">
Yemenia Flight 448

Yemenia Flight 448 was a domestic scheduled passenger flight from Sana'a to al-Hudaydah, Yemen, that was hijacked on 23 January 2001. The Yemenia Yemen Airways Boeing 727-2N8 departed Sana'a International Airport bound for a stop-over at Taiz-Al Janad Airport, Ta'izz. The passengers included the United States Ambassador to Yemen Barbara Bodine, US Deputy Chief of Mission to Yemen, and the Yemeni Ambassador to the US.
15 minutes after takeoff, a man armed with a pen gun hijacked the aircraft and demanded to be taken to Baghdad, Iraq. In addition to his gun, he claimed to have explosives hidden in his suitcase. The flight crew convinced the hijacker to first divert to Djibouti to refuel.
The aircraft made an emergency landing at Djibouti-Ambouli International Airport, where the flight crew then overpowered the hijacker. The only injury was to the flight engineer, who was grazed by a bullet during the fight.
The hijacker was an unemployed Iraqi who wanted to look elsewhere for employment opportunities. He was extradited to Yemen, and sentenced to 15 years in prison in March 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31230043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230043" title="2011 Imola GP2 Asia Series round">
2011 Imola GP2 Asia Series round

The 2011 Italian GP2 Asia round was the second and final round of the 2011 GP2 Asia Series season. It was held on March 19 and 20, 2011 at Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in Imola, Italy. It was replacement round of two cancelled Bahrain weekends.
Classification.
Race 1.
Notes
Race 2.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31230060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230060" title="Pietrzak">
Pietrzak

Pietrzak is a Polish surname, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31230079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230079" title="Mushtaq Ahmad (Lord Lieutenant)">
Mushtaq Ahmad (Lord Lieutenant)

Mushtaq Ahmad OBE is the Lord Lieutenant of Lanarkshire. He was the first Asian to serve as Provost of a Scottish council.
Biography.
Ahmad was born in 1942 in British India where he grew up, with Arab influence.
He graduated from the University of Punjab in Pakistan. In 1963 he came to Scotland to study for an MA at the University of Glasgow. He undertook teacher training at Jordanhill College, and went on to teach economics in Scotland and then East London. Returning to Scotland, he organised an adult education programme for 17 years.
Ahmad served as a councillor in Hamilton District Council and then South Lanarkshire Council, and was Provost of South Lanarkshire from 2003 to 2007. He was appointed to the post of Lord Lieutenant on 11 November 2010, following the retirement of Gilbert Cox CVO, MBE, JP.

</doc>
<doc id="31230089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230089" title="Without Your Love">
Without Your Love

Without Your Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31230098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230098" title="Caffé Vittoria">
Caffé Vittoria

Caffé Vittoria is an Italian cafe in the North End neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The cafe is located on Hanover Street in the city's Little Italy. The cafe features four levels, three liquor bars, and a cigar room.
History.
Caffé Vittoria was established in 1929 as the first Italian cafe in Boston. It is located in the North End, the center of Boston's Italian population. In 1995, the owners opened a cigar bar in the basement called "Stanza dei Sigari" (English: Cigar Room). According to a few food review sources, Caffe Vittoria has one of the best hot chocolate and cappuccino in the United States.
Many celebrities and politicians frequent the North End hotspot for "Boston's best cappuccino and cannoli".
On March 13, 2013, Caffé Vittoria was featured in an episode of the television show Syfy's Haunted Collector. They interviewed the owners' son, David Riccio Jr., who submitted a video stating how some of his employees and customers were scared to be in the cigar bar due to paranormal activity. In the episode, John Zaffis and his team investigated the establishment, and discovered that the property at 292 Hanover Street once housed a baby farm. This particular baby farm was ran by a woman named Ms. Elwood, who apparently abused and even killed some of the infants that were left there. The team also discovered a syringe from the 1870s buried within the buildings foundation. After they removed the syringe from the property, the paranormal activity in the building ceased. The Boston Herald also dedicated its cover page to the story.
Menu.
Caffé Vittoria serves a variety of Italian delicacies, such as cannoli, tiramisu, and biscotti. They also have gelato, Italian-style ice cream with flavors such as spumoni and Biscuit Tortoni. The cafe serves sorbets in the summertime. Other desserts include rum cake and chocolate ganache.
Tea, hot chocolate, sciroppi, and espresso are also staples of the cafe. Espresso comes plain, or as cappuccino, caffe latte, caffe corretto, caffe macchiato, and latte macchiato. Around the cafe are displayed old-fashioned espresso machines.

</doc>
<doc id="31230108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230108" title="Fastest trains in China">
Fastest trains in China

The "fastest" train commercial service can be defined alternatively by a train's top speed or average trip speed.
Speed records of China’s rolling stock (non-maglev).
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31230112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230112" title="Jirapa, Ghana">
Jirapa, Ghana

Jirapa is the capital town of the Jirapa/Lambussie District in the Upper West Region of Ghana.
Religion.
There is a very strong Roman Catholic tradition in the Jirapa-Lambussie district. The White Fathers opened a mission station first in Navrongo in 1906, from which three men were delegated to work in Jirapa in 1929. They were allotted a plot of land by the Jirapa Naa (chief) who allegedly wanted to see whether they would be driven out by evil spirits, or vice versa. Despite early conflicts between converts and the local chiefs, and even the resulting disapproval of the British District Commissioner of Lawra, the work was given great impetus by the locally famous 'rain event' of 1932 in which rain fell during a severe drought in the Lawra district, only in Jirapa and in nearby villages following prayer for each case. According to government statistics, 42.5% of the population in the district now claim to be Christian, 96.1% of which are Catholic, the remainder being affiliated to either Islam or traditional religion.
Culture.
The Chief of Jirapa is the Paramount Chief of the Jirapa traditional area, and is at present Peter Nanfuri, Naa Ansoleh Ganaa II. There is an annual festival called Bong-Ngo in Jirapa for the chiefs and people of the area. It is held in the last week of April and marks the end of the ban on harvesting the fruit of the Dawadawa tree (Parkia Biglobosa) and the beginning of the farming season.
Language.
The local people are called Dagaaba, and speak Dagaare, which is a Gur branch of the Niger–Congo language family. The name of the town, written in Dagaare as Gyerebaa, is pronounced roughly as "jira-‘baa", and means 'reed-stream', i.e. a stream of reeds.

</doc>
<doc id="31230114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230114" title="Kim Ji-sun">
Kim Ji-sun

Kim Ji-sun (born June 27, 1987) is a South Korean curler. She is the skip of the 2014 South Korean Olympic Curling Team.
Career.
Kim was a member of the silver medal winning Korean team that won a silver medal at the 2007 Pacific Junior Curling Championships. She was the team's alternate and played two matches. She was also the alternate for the Korean team at the 2009 Mount Titlis World Women's Curling Championship that finished 10th. She played just one match in that game, a losing cause to Germany.
As a skip, Kim won the silver medal on 2010 Pacific Curling Championships for Korea. Her Korean team was defeated by the former World Champion Chinese team, skipped by Wang Bingyu, in the final. Later in the season, she led her Korean team to a bronze medal at the 2011 Winter Universiade.
As the reigning Pacific champion, Kim would play in her second World championships at the 2011 Capital One World Women's Curling Championship. At the 2012 Ford World Women's Curling Championship, South Korea made history by winning the most games ever in history and made the playoffs for the first time. They eliminated Canada to advance to the semifinal, but lost a close game against eventual champions Switzerland. They then lost another close game to the Canadians in the bronze medal game, finishing in fourth place. Their fourth-place finish ensured them a spot in the 2014 Winter Olympics, even though South Korea did not qualify for the 2013 World Championships. At the Olympics, she led her Korean team to an 8th place finish and a 3-6 record.
Personal life.
When she was young, Kim was a speed skater. Kim is married to Chinese curler Xu Xiaoming.

</doc>
<doc id="31230141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230141" title="List of wars involving Iceland">
List of wars involving Iceland

The following is a list of wars involving Iceland. Although modern Iceland does not maintain a standing army, navy nor air force it maintains a militarised Coast Guard which is in charge of defending the country and has deployed a small peacekeeping force internationally on a few occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="31230149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230149" title="Trolleybuses in Cardiff">
Trolleybuses in Cardiff

The Cardiff trolleybus system once served Cardiff, the capital city of Wales. Opened on , it gradually replaced the Cardiff tramway network.
By the standards of the various now-defunct trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom, the Cardiff system was a medium-sized one, with a total of 14 routes, and a maximum fleet of 79 trolleybuses. It was closed on .
Four of the former Cardiff trolleybuses are now preserved. Two of them are at the premises of the Cardiff & South Wales Trolleybus Project in East Cardiff, one is at the National Collections Centre of the National Museum Wales, Nantgarw, and the other one is at the Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft, Lincolnshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="31230150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230150" title="Frederik Christian Kaas (1727-1804)">
Frederik Christian Kaas (1727-1804)

Frederik Christian Kaas (1 December 1727 - 28 March 1804) was a Danish naval officer and landowner, brother of Ulrik Christian Kaas.

</doc>
<doc id="31230161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230161" title="Me, Myself and I (film)">
Me, Myself and I (film)

Me, Myself & I is a 1992 dark romantic comedy starring JoBeth Williams and George Segal. The movie is the directorial debut of editor and producer Pablo Ferro. Bill Macy, Shelley Hack and Ruth Gilbert also appear in this independent film. 

</doc>
<doc id="31230168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230168" title="Bước nhảy hoàn vũ">
Bước nhảy hoàn vũ

Bước nhảy hoàn vũ (literally "Universal Steps") is a reality show produced by Vietnam Television and Cát Tiên Sa Production. The show originates from the BBC series "Strictly Come Dancing" and is a part of the international "Dancing with the Stars" franchise. The first season was set to air from April 11 to June 20, 2010 with 8 pairs of celebrities and professional dancers. The first elimination might take place on April 18. The show returned for its second season on April 17, 2011 and the third season on mid March, 2012.
The current panel of judges consists of Khánh Thi, Lê Hoàng and Trần Ly Ly, leaving Khánh Thi is the only original judge until this season. Lê Hoàng made a comeback after two seasons breaking. Former permanent judges were Chí Anh (from 2010 to 2012), Nguyễn Quang Dũng (2010 and 2011), Trần Tiến and Đức Huy (2011), Quốc Bảo and Hồ Hoài Anh (2012). Trần Ly Ly and Nguyễn Việt Tú were frequently special guest judges. Later, Trần Ly Ly was promoted to permanent judge in 2013 season.
Format.
The contestant pairs consist of a celebrity paired with a professional dancer. Past celebrity contestants include frequently supermodels, actors, dramatic actors, singers, and comedians. Each couple performs predetermined dances and competes against the others for judges' points and audience votes which carry equal weight. The couple receiving the lowest combined total of judges' points and audience votes is eliminated each week until only the champion dance pair remains. The celebrity will then be crowned The Dancing King/Queen.
The show is broadcast live every Sunday primetime on VTV3 and get the encore later on local channels and VTV4 - Channel for the oversea and foreigners / VTV6 - Channel for Youth as well. It is presented by Thanh Bạch and Thanh Vân, then from season 2 onwards Đoan Trang took Thanh Vân's place due to her pregnancy. The judging panel initially consisted of Khánh Thi, Chí Anh, Lê Hoàng and Nguyễn Quang Dũng. By the end of the first season/the beginning of second season, Quang Dũng had left the show and Lê Hoàng had confirmed to return but they didn't. Lê Hoàng stated to leave for Cặp đôi hoàn hảo. They all were replaced by Đức Huy and Trần Tiến in season 2. Under pressure from public critics, Trần Tiến with his stunts decided to quit after four-week judging and the producers got Quang Dũng back on the panel from the fifth week. In season 3, Thanh Vân got back her role on the show, meanwhile Thanh Bạch & Đoan Trang both left. Judges Đức Huy and Nguyễn Quang Dũng did not return, they are replaced by Quốc Bảo and a fourth guest judge each week.
The main singers on the show are Tiêu Châu Như Quỳnh, Hồ Trung Dũng, Lê Kim Ngân, Tuyết Mai, and Dương Ánh Linh. Since its beginning Trung Dũng, Như Quỳnh, Khánh Linh have been parts. Joining them later are Kim Ngân and Tuyết Mai. Nguyễn Ngọc Phương Trinh, Xuân Phú, Thảo Xuân, Mr. A and duets Khánh Dung & Nguyên Lộc appeared several times as replacements.
Main series results.
Season 1: 2010.
April 11 to June 20 2010, in order of elimination:
Season 2: 2011.
April 17 to June 3 2011, in order of elimination:
Season 3: 2012.
March 18 to June 17 2012, in order of elimination
Season 4: 2013.
March 23 to May 25 2013, in order of elimination
Season 5: 2014.
From January 11
Professional dancers and their partners.
Key:
Statistics.
As of the end of season two Ngô Thanh Vân & Tihomir Gavrilov and Cao Thị Đoan Trang & Evgeni Popov, both from the first season hold the record for most perfect scores with two perfect 40 out of 40.
The lowest that the judges have ever awarded was 26/40 to Vũ Hoàng Điệp & Nicolay Nikolaev for their Waltz.
The most tens record goes to Ngô Thanh Vân & Tihomir Gavrilov and Cao Thị Đoan Trang & Evgeni Popov coincidentally. They tie at 27 tens, meanwhile the second season winning couple Vũ Thu Minh & Lachezar Todorov only gets 15 ones.
For the best average score from judges to all contestants, Ngô Thanh Vân & Tihomir Gavrilov currently come first on top of the all-time board being 37.5/40 for their dances, followed by Vũ Thu Minh & Lachezar Todorov (36.7/40), Cao Thị Đoan Trang & Evgeni Popov (36.5/40).
Controversies.
Unfair scores.
In season 2 the case of Anh Khoa and Iva, all four judges gathered for quick break for discussion about giving scores unlike independently as usual.
And to all seasons, judges are harshly criticized for giving generous scores very sentimentally based upon the case that contestants or partners' sickness, family's bad luck, not so serious injury and so on. That discriminates much against participants who have devoted their really faithful performances based upon hardworking rehearsal and upon creativity. Season 1 winner Ngô Thanh Vân showed disagreement that she would quit because of scoring unfairness. Season 2 finallist Trần Thị Thủy Tiên expressed her feeling of wrong critics and bad scores.
Phone voting/Textgate.
In June 2011, the show hit the headlines when viewers were able to register telephone votes for a couple that effectively they could not save from the dance off irrespective of how many public votes were cast in their favour. Some voters claimed that they couldn't send messages voting for Anh Khoa & Iva eliminated the same week during textgate open, when received conformatory text "Vui lòng nhắn tin bình chọn sau khi các thí sinh đã tham gia xong phần thi của mình. Xin chân thành cảm ơn" ("literally": "Text after all performances done. Thank you for voting"). It is not clear if the "Thank you for voting" messages were incorrectly assigned, as if the replies were incorrectly assigned, votes would have been counted for the correct contestant despite the voters receiving the wrong "thank you" messages. No message responded even 7 hours after texting was affirmed as well.
All involved including the broadcaster, producers and textgate owner informed no errors during week 9 (June 26) in public press. They also revealed the "out of phase" of the text-gate with live audience which meant people could only text formally from 30 seconds up to a minute in normal mode after the announcement of hosts and clearly voting could be continued during short time when the gate was deemed closed.
Cast members.
Many celebrity are claimed the involving in the show like Phan Anh, Trương Ngọc Tình and Vĩnh Thụy of season 2 step by step replacing. Moreover, Vĩnh Thụy reservedly or unreservedly quit regarding on the accusation of smuggling from Australia to Vietnam by air and the lawsuit filed against him.
Timing violation.
Every performance should be performed in 1.5 minutes according to standard practices in almost all versions "Dancing with the Stars" and in international competitions. In June 6, 2011 the length of Thu Minh's performance was deemed the longest and the shortest performance was that of Đại Nghĩa with only 1 minute 40 seconds. Once again in June 26 and in the finale of season 2(July 3), Thu Minh & Lacho had additional performances.
Striptease.
Tendency of undressing on stage was up gradually, beginning in the first week and accumulating in the finale. It is more focused on the "tease" in "striptease" than the "strip". These actions are considered over-sexy, seductive and influence the culture in a bad manner.
Winner crowning.
There was much discussion in the communication industry about the real season two winner because there was confusion over the crowning. Initially, Đoan Trang revealed the runner-up, thus the other was the winner. Trang announced 79 scored by the runner-up. Moments that turned Thủy Tiên (who obviously scored 77) to the edge of glory and turned Thu Minh (who truly scored 79 out of possible 80) slightly blue was quickly stopped with the real name "Thủy Tiên", leading everyone got shocked.
Under too much pressure, producers finally agreed to make a press conference in free will to give info about textgate in order to clarify everything. Mistakes of mis-crowning was caused by result paper as interpreted.
Mimicking.
On June 5, Thu Minh wowed the judging panel with her exotic dance concept that brought her two 10s for Samba. Later, it was revealed that the choreography and wardrobe she wore looked amazingly similar to those of Max Kozhevnikov and Yulia Zagoruychenko in the World Super Stars Dance Festival in 2006. In sudden press reports earlier in the week, two main judges Khánh Thi and Chí Anh stated "mimicking is actually self mastering, is the creativity of Thu Minh and Lachezar". Producers tried to help
Thu Minh, claiming it was not Thu Minh's fault, that the wardrobe was made from our set of designers' ideas and gave no comment about the choreography.
Producers' rigging.
Reportedly by various newspaper, producers rigged the show. Participants were eliminated as audience thought in an elimination order written in the screenplay. Hoàng Anh, who was Huy Khánh's ex-wife, used Facebook note for raising a tension with the producers after he was out of the race. She also reported Khánh had said to their kid to watch his elimination on "Bước nhảy hoàn vũ" on Sunday night prior to his elimination actually occurred. Producers denied these claims as baseless, stating that there was officially a company collecting and analyzing messages, and the results were not be revealed by producers alone without VTV's permission.

</doc>
<doc id="31230188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230188" title="J. Kirk Richards">
J. Kirk Richards

Joel Kirk Richards (born 1976) is an American artist who specializes in Judeo-Christian themes. 
Richards was raised in Provo, Utah. He studied at Brigham Young University under Bruce Smith, Hagen Haltern, Gary Barton, James Christensen, Wulf Barsch and Joe Ostraff. He served a two-year mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Italy. He later studied under Patrick Devonas in New Jersey.
Richards and his wife Amy Tolk are the parents of four children.
Much of Richards's work focuses on the life of Jesus. Another of his works is "The Carriers", which relates to the rescue of the Martin Handcart Company.
Richards's images were included in Helen Whitney’s 2007 PBS "Frontline" documentary entitled "The Mormons". Publications that have used Richards's artwork include the "Ensign" and "Liahona" magazines, "BYU Studies", and the interdenominational "Upper Room" magazine. 
Richards's work has been shown at the Springville Museum of Art; the Renaissance Center Juried Show in Nashville, Tennessee; the Provo Arts Council Freedom Festival Fine Art Exhibit; the Bountiful/Davis Art Center; at Southern Virginia University as part of its Annual Shenandoah Invitational Art Show; at the Robert N. & Peggy Sears Dixie State Invitational Art Shows in St. George, Utah; and the Museum of Church History and Art. 

</doc>
<doc id="31230194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230194" title="Tambo Crossing, Victoria">
Tambo Crossing, Victoria

Tambo Crossing is a locality and small farming community in the Shire of East Gippsland in Victoria, Australia. It is alongside the Tambo River on the Great Alpine Road, north-east of Bairnsdale, surrounded by state forest. At the 2006 census, Tambo Crossing had a nominal population.
History.
Prior to European settlement, Tambo Crossing was part of the region occupied by the Brabuwooloong people of the Gunai nation. The Aborigines called the place "Neoyang" or "Noyang", meaning conger eel. 
The first Europeans known to pass through Tambo Crossing was the party of Walter Mitchell in April 1839, following an existing Aboriginal travel route to the mountains. The name Tambo Crossing was probably given by the party led by Angus McMillan in January 1840; the name is descriptive, as it is the location where the route (now the Great Alpine Road) formerly crossed the Tambo River. This name is somewhat archaic, as the Great Alpine Road no longer crosses the Tambo River at Tambo Crossing, now travelling west of the river until Ensay.
European settlement.
During the 1840s, as the area developed and traffic on the route increased, Tambo Crossing became a regular stopping point at almost exactly halfway between Bairnsdale and Omeo. 
A hotel was established at Tambo Crossing on the east side of the river in this period, first being officially licensed in 1849 with the name of "The Tambo Inn". In 1854 Duncan McDougall took over the inn, as well as establishing a store at the same location. As an indication of the Scottish background of many of the early settlers in the region, the hotel was renamed the "Sir Walter Scott Hotel" in the late 1860s. In 1890 a new hotel was built on the western side of the river beside the newly aligned road between Bruthen and Ensay, but kept the "Sir Walter Scott" name. The hotel burnt down on 8 September 1961 and was not rebuilt. The current information board is on the site of the former hotel, with the Great Alpine Road also passing over part of the site. 
In 1850 of land around Tambo Crossing was developed as grazing country. It was licensed for 4,000 sheep, and was called the "Neoyang Run" in reference to the Aboriginal name for Tambo Crossing. Later, as well as the hotel and store, the settlement was large enough to have the small State school No. 3160, and a cheese factory. The school closed in 1971, and was amalgamated with Ensay Primary School. The school building doubled as the public hall, and still stands about west of the information board.
During the later part of the 19th century the area was part of the Victorian gold rushes. Significant finds were made at Stirling, northwest, with a smaller alluvial field at Shady Creek, west. In the early 1880s noted geologist and naturalist Alfred William Howitt mapped the area, with his paper, "The Rocks of Noyang", being read to the Royal Society of Victoria in 1883.
Present day.
With the improved road and means of transportation, Tambo Crossing lost its importance as a stopping point along the highway, a problem exacerbated with the loss of the Sir Walter Scott Hotel in 1961. Additionally, improved technology led to bigger farms, and therefore fewer residents in the area. Tambo Crossing today therefore contains some prime agricultural land for livestock, however consists of only a few individual properties and a small number of residents.
The centre of the settlement in present times contains the information board and a commemorative plaque on the site of the former hotel. The former school building is now in private ownership. The original crossing of the Tambo River, in historical times a ford, is now a low-level bridge on a minor dirt side road, about to the southeast of the information board. The folk art sculpture Mr. Stringy is located about north of Tambo Crossing alongside the Great Alpine Road.
Bushfires.
Tambo Crossing and the surrounding bushland was threatened and severely impacted by the Eastern Victoria Great Divide bushfires in January 2007. Severe bushfire conditions on 11 January caused the fires to enter private property from the state forest, and quickly burn across private land. Losses included livestock, non-residential buildings and an unoccupied house, and large sections of fencing.

</doc>
<doc id="31230199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230199" title="André Thieme">
André Thieme

André Thieme (born April 25, 1975) is a German rider who competes in show jumping.
André Thieme was born as the son of Michael Thieme, a dressage rider and “Obersattelmeister” of the state stud in Redefin. At the age of 19, he received the “Goldene Reitabzeichen”, a mention for ten victories in dressage competitions on high level of difficulty. Thenceforth he focused riding show jumping competitions.
Thieme is a professional show jumping rider and master horse farm manager (“Pferdewirtschaftsmeister“). In 2007 he was second at the championship of the German professional show jumping riders. In 2009 and 2010 Thieme was the most successful rider of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. He was several times part of German Nation Cup teams in Eastern Europe and North America.
He lives in Plau am See in the north-east of Germany together with his wife and his son; his horses lives in a stable in Leizen near Röbel since April 2012. Since 2010 Thieme has much success at horse shows in big horse shows in North America, where he lives some months in the year.
The first main success in the career of André Theime was his victory in the 78th German show jumping derby in Hamburg. He was the second rider from the former German Democratic Republic (after Holger Wulschner in the year 2000) who win this competition. The Derby is a world-famous show jumping competition over special natural fences. In 2008 he won the derby a second time, in 2011 a third time.
His probably biggest success in his career so far was the win of the 2011 $ 1,000,000 Grand Prix in Saugerties, New York. For this event he had qualified in spring at national tournaments in Florida. In March 2014 he win the Great American $1 Million Grand Prix at Ocala, Florida riding "Contanga".

</doc>
<doc id="31230228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230228" title="Nick Stuifbergen">
Nick Stuifbergen

Nick Stuifbergen (born 6 September 1980, Breda) is a Dutch professional baseball pitcher. He played with the Netherlands national baseball team in the 2006 World Baseball Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="31230251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230251" title="Mine &amp; Yours">
Mine &amp; Yours

Mine & Yours is the debut album from Irish singer-songwriter, Mary Byrne. The album was released on 25 March 2011 in Ireland, and 28 March 2011 in the UK. The album's lead single, "I Just Call You Mine" was released on 4 March 2011 in Ireland and 8 March in the United Kingdom. The album was recorded in "Sphere Studios", London and produced by music producer, orchestrator and songwriter Nigel Wright. Sales for the album have been strong in Ireland and reasonable in the UK. The album was the 15th best selling album in Ireland in the year 2011.
Background.
Byrne's album came about after she was signed by Sony Music Ireland. The album was recorded in Sphere Studios, London and produced by Nigel Wright. It contains 12 songs, 7 of which are songs she performed on "The X Factor". 
Byrne said the album was a dream come true as she had dreamt of the moment all her life. She has confirmed that her management are planning her own debut tour, following the release of the album. Byrne also admitted that it felt very ‘surreal’ to be promoting her debut album. She added: “The record company rang me just a moment ago and told me it’s doing well on the pre-orders, which in itself feels amazing. I performed on QVC last week and that’s what got the sales rocketing – I didn’t believe that could happen.
The album includes familiar tracks which Byrne performed on "The X Factor" such as "It's a Man's Man's Man's World", "I (Who Have Nothing)" and "The Way We Were". Byrne stated that every song featured on the album has a "special meaning" to her and each song was chosen carefully for the memory or the feeling it creates when she sings it. The title of the album reflects Byrne's wish to include her fans in her incredible journey.
Singles and promotion.
Byrne's debut single, a cover of Martina McBride's "I Just Call You Mine", was released on 4 March in Ireland and 6 March in the UK. She unveiled it on Irish radio and the fan reaction in Ireland after it was played was "overwhelmingly positive". Sony Music Ireland was "inundated with requests" to have the song available to the public before the album was released later that month. It was announced that Byrne was to release her debut album in time for Mother's Day in March 2011, and at the same time revealed that she would take to shopping channel QVC to "shift some extra copies", hoping it to become as successful as Susan Boyle's album did when she sold her album on QVC. Byrne performed "I Just Call You Mine" and "It's a Man's Man's Man's World".
Track listing.
The track listing was confirmed by the record company, Sony Music.

</doc>
<doc id="31230257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230257" title="Second Coming (Dickies album)">
Second Coming (Dickies album)

Second Coming is the 1989 comeback album by Los Angeles punk band The Dickies, and the band's fourth studio album.
By 1989, the Dickies' brand of tongue-in-cheek, poppy punk was largely out of fashion, but the later success of bands like Green Day and the Queers make it clear what an influence these L.A. jokers were. Highlights include snarky covers of "Hair" and Gene Pitney's "Town Without Pity", alongside equally goofy originals like "Dummy Up" and "Booby Trap".
Credits.
The Dickies
Additional musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="31230263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230263" title="Annemie Turtelboom">
Annemie Turtelboom

Annemie Turtelboom (born 22 November 1967) is a Belgian politician and a member of the Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats. Since December 2011 she is the minister of Justice in the Di Rupo I Government.
She was Minister of migration and asylum policy in the Leterme I Government. She became Belgium's minister of the interior in the Van Rompuy I Government on 17 July 2009, and retained that office in the Leterme II Government, which took office on 24 November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31230267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230267" title="List of tallest buildings and structures in Scotland">
List of tallest buildings and structures in Scotland

See separate lists:
UK-wide lists:

</doc>
<doc id="31230270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230270" title="Queen Street Mill">
Queen Street Mill

Queen Street Mill is a Grade 1 listed building in Harle Syke, a suburb to the north-east of Burnley, Lancashire. It was built in 1894 for the Queen Street Manufacturing Company. It closed on 12 March 1982 and was mothballed, but was subsequently taken over by Burnley Borough Council and maintained as a museum. In the 1990s ownership passed to Lancashire Museums. Unique in being the world's only surviving operational steam-driven weaving shed, it received an Engineering Heritage Award in November 2010. It is open to visitors and offers weaving demonstrations.
Location.
Queen Street Mill is a former working mill that lies within Harle Syke. It is a suburb of Burnley an industrial town in the North West of The United Kingdom Harle Syke is approximately, 4 km from Burnley town centre and a part of the civil parish of Briercliffe with Extwistle. It is north of Manchester and east of Preston, two other former large industrial towns that were significant during the industrial revolution. Harle Syke is on high ground to the south of the River Calder near the M65. The hamlet was built on grid-iron layout and housed seven cotton mills, or weaving sheds.
History.
The Queen Street Mill Manufacturing Company was established in 1894, capitalised with ₤20,000 in £5 shares. The first board of directors was listed as Brierley Edmondson (weaver), William Kippax (weaver), George Lane (builder), John Nuttall (glazer), Thomas Pickles (foreman), John Taylor (weaver), Whitaker Whitaker (weaver), and James Corrin (Headteacher, Haggate School) who became the first company secretary. The company built the Queen Street Mill between 1894 and 1895. As money was scarce only one Lancashire boiler was installed, and it was six years before the second was bought. The weaving shed was single storey, and the mill frontage was three storey. All the looms were bought from Burnley companies, Pemberton & Co. and Harling & Todd Ltd., and have not been replaced. The mill was originally equipped with 900 single shuttle Lancashire looms capable of producing grey cloth. When this was not enough, the company installed a further 366 looms at Primrose Mill, Harle Syke which was the room and power mill immediately adjacent but slightly downhill. To the workers it was known as the bottom shed.
The completed cloth was taken by horse and cart and train to finishers for bleaching and dyeing. Around 1910, the hauliers, ex-employees of the mill invested in two steam driven flat bed lorries. These were impounded in 1915 for war work, and horses briefly returned. In April 1913 quotes were sought from William Roberts & Co of Nelson to upgrade the engine, which mainly included replacing the slide-valve cylinders with more efficient Corliss valve cylinders. This work was carried out during the following Wakes Week.
The financial structure of the company inhibited change, and the original equipment was not improved again or replaced but the company continued to weave when other firms had closed. Mains electricity was only introduced in 1947.
Harle Syke Strike, 1915.
Weavers were paid by piecework; a good four-loom weaver was paid 24 shillings a week, only slightly less than the tackler. Harle Syke workers had always been paid slightly below the list, which management explained as being due to the carriage costs to Burnley. In August 1915 there was a strike that lasted for several weeks triggered by this injustice. Many workers were also shareholders and took a dividend from the profits of the mill, so they refused to join the strike. Leaflets were printed by the Weavers' Union accusing them of scabbing and being "Knobsticks". The issue was resolved in December 1915 when the War Bonus came into effect and weavers were persuaded to see this as the rise they had been seeking. Cotton Control was introduced in 1918, which led to a four-day working week.
Fire, 1918.
There was a serious fire in October 1918, which did not affect the boilers or the engine. After 10 days after the incident, the mill was fully operational. However the mill front was damaged in the fire but later rebuilt, though as a single-storey building. While the rebuilding of the mill looms were relocated to the bottom shed. As forementioned "Prudence", the engine, was undamaged in the fire and was renamed " Peace", in respect for the fallen soldiers of the First World War.
Museum, 1983.
By early 1982 the mill was only operating 440 looms and was no longer financially viable. It finally closed on 12 March 1982, and the mill was mothballed. The mill was rescued by Burnley Borough Council in 1983. It was reopened in April 1986 as a working textile museum.
It passed to Lancashire County Council's Museums Service who carried out major refurbishments assisted by English Heritage, the National Heritage Memorial Fund and the European Regional Development Fund. It re-opened again in 1997. The mill again produces cloth as a result of the demonstration, and the machinery is deemed a collection of national importance. It is open to the public at least three afternoons a week between March and November.
The mill.
Architecture.
The mill was of four-storey construction, with a large single-storey weaving shed. After the fire in 1918 it was remodelled into a single-storey building, space being taken from the weaving sheds for a new preparation area. On closure in 1982 it was reconfigured by Burnley Council, the weaving shed was partitioned, about a third being used for rentable industrial units, and a similar area being used for visitor facilities. The chimney and the 60 m x 25 m lodge lay to the south. The boiler house, the engine house and chimney are Scheduled Ancient Monuments.
As originally built the weaving shed was about by , with the typical north facing roof lights (windows) giving natural light, the shed housed 990 looms. On the Queen Street side was the boiler room and engine house, and the four-storey warehouse. The ground floor was the weft department, the first floor was offices, the cloth warehouse and temporary storage beams, the second floor was the winding and beaming department for beaming and drawing in, and the third floor was the preparation department for tape sizing. After the fire the ground floor of the frontage was rebuilt and used for winding and preparation, 100 looms were removed, and part of the Harrison Street end of the shed became the new warehouse. Rowland Kippax who worked there however reported "there were now 1040 looms, there were nine tacklers looking after 130 looms each".
Power.
Steam is raised by two Lancashire boilers built by Tinker, Shenton & Co, Hyde. The first was installed in 1894, and the second in 1901, when a 120-tube Greens Economiser was fitted. Feed water is now supplied by a Weir pump fitted in 1956. Both boilers were stoked manually, until secondhand Proctor automatic stokers were fitted in 1962. Boiler No.1 had the Shovel type and the coking type was fitted to No.2; the manually stoked 1901 boiler is the only one used today.Coal was obtained locally from Bank Hall Pit but now with pollution controls being stricter it has to be imported. At its peak it burnt 6 tonnes a day, but now uses only 10 tonnes a month. The steam raised to 100 psi in the boiler house, drives the original tandem compound horizontal stationary steam engine. The high-pressure cylinder (HP) is and the low-pressure (LP) . It uses Corliss valves. The engine drives a flywheel running at 68 rpm. The engine was built and installed by William Roberts of Nelson in 1895. It has never been moved from this location and runs perfectly true. Power is taken from the crankshaft by a series of directly driven line shafts. Currently the mill uses coal bought from the United States and Russia. 
Equipment.
The glory of this mill is its completeness. When yarn enters a weaving mill, it is on different size cops and cheeses, and these had to be wound onto pirns to fit in the shuttles used by the looms installed. The equipment is here and used. For the weft, there are two remaining banks of pirn winders manned by one operative.
The warp needs to be taken from a 300 bobbins on V-shaped frame and wound onto a beam. Four or five beams are merged to make the 2000 end beam that is needed, and they are placed in the Cylinder Tape Sizing Machine (made in 1919 by Howard & Bullough Ltd. of Accrington). The threads pass through the size to stiffen them and reduce friction. The size is a mixture of flour soft soap and tallow: specific to this mill. They are dried over steam-heated cylinders and wound onto the final beam, the weavers beam.
The weavers beam is now placed on the Drawing-in frame. Here each end is passed through the healds, and then through a reed. This job was done by a reacher-in and a loomer. The reacher-in, who would be young and usually a boy, passed each end in order to the loomer. The mill still has two Drawing in frames. Alternatively, if the loom had already run that cloth, a short length of warp thread could be left on the healds and reed, and a Barber-Colman knotter could tie in warp threads to the new beam. This process took 20 minutes, considerably faster than starting afresh. Spare healds and reeds are stored above head height for that purpose.
The loomed weavers beam would be taken into the weaving shed. One weaver would tenter 6, or 8 Lancashire Looms, which would be kept working by a tackler. Today there are 308 looms from 1894 built by Pemberton, or Harling & Todd of Burnley. These would require 65–80 weavers and 3 tacklers. At its peak there were 990 looms, all driven by overhead line shafts.
Museum exhibits.
In addition to the original machines, Lancashire Museums also display other textile machines they own or are restoring, and weave some specialist commissions.
One of the commissions is a blue and white shirting that is sold exclusively to 'Old Town' of Holt, Norfolk, who produce Victorian workware. Another is weaving woollen Jewish prayer shawls. There is a large Hattersley Standard Loom, and a treadle operated Hattersley Domestic Loom. There is a Sulzer, and a Saurer telescopic rapier loom that operates at 180 picks per minute. There is a collection of shuttles and machines used to make and maintain them. Also, there are machines for making reeds and healds.
Notable events/media.
The weaving shed was used in a scene in the 2011 film "The King's Speech". The museum has also been featured as a "working" mill in the BBC series "North & South" and "Life on Mars".

</doc>
<doc id="31230271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230271" title="Gary O'Shaughnessy">
Gary O'Shaughnessy

Gary O'Shaughnessy is an Irish singer and musician who represented Ireland in Eurovision Song Contest 2001 with the song "Without Your Love" finishing 21st out of 23 entries.
He comes from a very musical family. His grandmother who was a gifted piano and fiddle player. Besides singing, he plays guitar, bass guitar and keyboards. His brother Brian and sister are musicians as well, with his brother playing guitar and his sister the piano. O'Shaughnessy started studying at age of 12 for four years with Irish jazz guitarist Eugene Macari. In 1989, he formed a band with his brother Brian and together they toured Ireland, Spain and the UK. In 1995, the two brothers performed as the duo "2 of a kind" which became very popular in cabarets, clubs and pubs.
Gary O'Shaughnessy had competed in the local Irish Eurovision Song Contest preselection twice previously, before winning the right to represent his homeland in the Eurovision Contest in 2001 in Copenhagen, Denmark with "Without Your Love" written by Pat Sheridan. He had previously entered the Irish Eurosong 1997 contest, coming third with "Love and Understanding". Also, in 1999, he had taken part with the song "I'll Be There" coming fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="31230287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230287" title="Adam and Evil (film)">
Adam and Evil (film)

Adam and Evil is a 2004 horror film directed by Andrew Van Slee about a group of teens who face a murderer while partying at a camping site. It stars Erica Cerra, James Clayton, and Jodie Graham.
Filming began on April 30, 2003 in Los Angeles and it was released on April 27, 2004.
The film was released on DVD as "Halloween Camp 2: Scream If You Wanna Die Faster" in the United Kingdom.
Although there is no plot continuity, the UK name implies a sequel to the 2003 "", released as "Halloween Camp" in the UK. This in turn is a sequel to the 2000 slasher movie "Bloody Murder".
Plot.
The Horror Channel summarizes the plot as "In the darkest depths of secluded woodlands, a young group of friends head out for fun and frolics. Instead, they find themselves embroiled in a deadly game of cat and mouse".
Critical response.
Adam and Evil was criticized for its lack of originality at Rotten Tomatoes.
One reviewer concluded: "I realize it's not as awful as I first thought it was ... I did find myself laughing a lot at all the bad acting".
Another said "If you love mindless slashers where the plot is so simple Bullwinkle J. Moose could figure it out in record time, and the kids are dumber than the norm, then check out "Adam and Evil". Trust me you will not be disappointed".
Referring to the U.K. title, Andrew Smith says "devoid of everything that makes this genre such a predictably entertaining time, you'll want to die faster if you are unlucky enough to sit down to watch".
The critic Timothy Gross comments that "this almost bloodless lame attempt at a slasher movie is horrible...", awarding it 1/2 star.

</doc>
<doc id="31230293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230293" title="Colin Moock">
Colin Moock

Colin Moock is a Flash and ActionScript expert, considered an 'ActionScript guru', by some Adobe reviewers. He is a well-known author, tutor, and programmer.
Career.
Moock studied at the Literature Department of the University of Waterloo, Canada.
Colin worked as a webmaster for SoftQuad, Inc. (until 1997). For the next four years, he worked at the Canadian interactive Agency ICE, Inc. Moock has developed interactive applications for Sony, HP, Procter & Gamble and other brands.
Multiuser era.
Moock is also an advocate of the multiuser technology applications (what he called 'the Multiuser Era'). He is one of the creators of the Union project — a development platform for such applications.
Bibliography.
Moock has written several books about Flash and ActionScript, some of the ones became the bestsellers. His works are translated into many languages (inсluding French, German, Russian).

</doc>
<doc id="31230311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230311" title="After Loving You">
After Loving You

"After Loving You" is a song by Elvis Presley, written and composed by Eddie Miller and Johnny Lantz. It was released on his album "From Elvis in Memphis" and was recorded in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18, 1969.
The song was first performed by Joe Henderson on his single "Big Love" (1962). It was also previously released by Eddy Arnold (May 1962) and by Jim Reeves (March 1963). The version in castellan or was performed by Marco T, winning Colombian performer Elvis tribute festival in 1995

</doc>
<doc id="31230315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230315" title="Evgenij Sviatchenko">
Evgenij Sviatchenko

Evgenij Adrianovich Sviatchenko (1924–2003) was born in 1924 in Kharkiv, Ukraine. In 1951, he graduated from the architecture department of the Institute of engineering and architecture in Kharkiv.
He belongs to the generation of Ukrainian teachers and architects, trained in the tradition of the Ukrainian architecture school. From teachers at the university and from artists he learned to be loyal to the realistic tradition in architecture and art.
He took part in the Second World War and fought in the Red Army from Kharkiv to Budapest in Hungary.
Kharkiv was hit hard by the war and from 1951 the young architect took part in the rebuilding and reconstruction of the city.
Examples of this are the gate to the huge recreational area in the city: The Gorkij Park, the memorial for Maksim Gorkij and the sports arena Spartak.
Together with the architect B.G.Klejn he reconstructed the Shevchenko Theatre in Kharkiv, and he took part in the reconstruction of road monuments, residential areas and new housing projects.
In 1955, his scientific and educational career at the Kharkiv Institute for city planning began. He started as assistant in the department projecting and ended as professor.
In 1962, he defended his Ph.D. with the paper “The characteristics of element building”. Through the years he published more than 65 articles on architecture and city planning, and a number of books for students in architecture and city planning.
From 1986-1989, he published “The architectural possibilities in element building” 1986 and “The social foundation for architectural projects and the architectural typology of buildings” 1989.
He took part in constructing several monuments for the casualties in the Second World war, several buildings at his own institute and creating the physical framework for the institute.
In 1993 he was appointed professor by the department for architectural projecting and drawing. In 1993 he became a member of the Ukrainian Academy for architecture. And he was a board member of the association of architects in Khrakov.
For his participation in the Second World War, Sviatchenko was awarded several medals and the order “ The Great Patriotic War 1941-1945” of the third grade.

</doc>
<doc id="31230317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230317" title="Ain't That Lovin' You, Baby">
Ain't That Lovin' You, Baby

"Ain't That Lovin' You, Baby" is a song originally performed by Eddie Riff in 1956. It was recorded by Elvis Presley on June 10, 1958, but wasn't released as a single by him until September 1964 when it reached number 16 on the Billboard chart, with "Ask Me" as the B-side. It is a standard shuffle in E major. Ernst Jorgensen in his book "" claims that the song was written by Clyde Otis and Ivory Joe Hunter especially for the 1958 recording session. The song was also released again on a compilation in 1985 on the album "Reconsider Baby", but at a faster tempo.

</doc>
<doc id="31230319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230319" title="All I Needed Was the Rain">
All I Needed Was the Rain

It was recorded on October 2, 1967 at RCA's Nashville Studios. It featured in his 1968 film "Stay Away, Joe".
In the film version Elvis talks at the end and dogs howl in the background. Gerry McLafferty describes the song as "being bluesy, a welcome addition to the film".

</doc>
<doc id="31230320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230320" title="List of Olympic venues in curling">
List of Olympic venues in curling

For the Winter Olympics, there are eight venues that have been or will be used for curling.

</doc>
<doc id="31230334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230334" title="Miss Universo Chile 2011">
Miss Universo Chile 2011

Miss Universo Chile 2011, the 48th Miss Universe Chile pageant, was the return of Chile to the Miss Universe pageant after 4 years of absence. The winner, Vanessa Ceruti, was crowned at the Enjoy Santiago, Casino & Resort on July 13, 2011 and she represented her country in Miss Universe 2011 in São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="31230349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230349" title="Are You Sincere">
Are You Sincere

Elvis Presley recorded it on September 24, 1973 at his home in Palm Springs, California and it was released after his death, reaching #10 on the U.S. country chart. It appeared on Disc 4 of "".

</doc>
<doc id="31230367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230367" title="Beyond the Reef">
Beyond the Reef

"Beyond The Reef" is a song written by Canadian Jack Pitman in Hawaii in 1948. It was first performed by Hawaiian artist Napua Stevens in 1949. Bing Crosby covered the song a year later in 1950 and Elvis Presley recorded his version of the song on 27 May 1966. The Elvis recording was only released on a boxset in 1980/1. The Ventures also covered the song on their third album, "Another Smash", in September 1961. George Greeley recorded an instrumental version of the song in 1960 on his Warner Bros.album, "The Most Beautiful Music of Hawaii." Andy Williams released a version on his 1959 album, "To You Sweetheart, Aloha". Although it is heavily influenced by Hawaiian music it does not contain any Hawaiian language words or any mention of Hawaii. It is a slow song in the key of C major with a 2-5-1 progression with D minor, G major and C major. It features the steel guitar, typical of Hawaiian music.

</doc>
<doc id="31230398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230398" title="Baurioidea">
Baurioidea

Baurioidea is a superfamily of therocephalian therapsids. It includes advanced therocephalians such as "Regisaurus" and "Bauria". The superfamily was named by South African paleontologist Robert Broom in 1911. Bauriamorpha, named by D. M. S. Watson and Alfred Romer in 1956, is a junior synonym of Bauriodea.
Many bauriods were once placed in a group called Scaloposauria. Scaloposaurs were characterized by their small size and reduced postorbital bar (a strut of bone behind the eye socket). Scaloposauria is no longer recognized as a valid taxon because it likely represents juvenile forms of many groups of therocephalians. Most scaloposaurs, including "Scaloposaurus" and "Regisaurus", are now classified in various positions within Bauroidea.
A large number of therocephalians once classified as scaloposaurians are now considered basal baurioids. The classification of these species is very uncertain, as there have been no comprehensive phylogenetic analyses of scaloposaurian taxa. The validity of many of these species is questionable, as future studies may find some to be synonymous. Below is a list of these taxa:

</doc>
<doc id="31230408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230408" title="William Morris (minister)">
William Morris (minister)

William James Morris KCVO, JP (22 August 1925 – 31 October 2013) was a Church of Scotland minister and an author. 
He was born in Cardiff on 22 August 1925 and educated at Cardiff High School and the University of Edinburgh. He was Assistant Minister at Canongate Kirk and then Minister at the Presbyterian Church of Wales at Cadoxton and Barry Island. He then held further ministries at Buckhaven, St David's, Peterhead and Glasgow Cathedral.
While Minister of the Old Parish Church (or Muckle Kirk) in Peterhead, he was chaplain to Peterhead Prison.
He married Jean Howie, daughter of Rev. D. P. Howie Minister of The Laigh Kirk, Kilmarnock 1916-1966, on 3 September 1952. They had 1 son, David, born in 1960.
He was Dean of the Chapel Royal in Scotland from 1991 to 1996. An Honorary Chaplain to the Queen, he was also Chaplain to the Queen’s Body Guard for Scotland (The Royal Company of Archers) from 1994 to 2007.
He died on 31 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31230413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230413" title="1987 World Women's Curling Championship">
1987 World Women's Curling Championship

The 1987 World Women's Curling Championship was held in Chicago, Illinois from March 22–28, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="31230424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230424" title="Clean Up Your Own Backyard">
Clean Up Your Own Backyard

Although "The Trouble with Girls" is set in the 1920s, several lyrics within this song are anachronistic for the era, such as a reference to "armchair quarterbacks", a term not coined until the advent of television sports broadcasting decades later.

</doc>
<doc id="31230430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230430" title="Come Along">
Come Along

Come Along may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31230473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230473" title="Do You Know Who I Am">
Do You Know Who I Am

Do You Know Who I Am may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31230482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230482" title="George Weah Jr">
George Weah Jr

George Weah Junior (born 27 August 1987 in Monrovia) is a Liberian footballer who plays as a Midfielder and is currently a free agent after being released by his most recent club FC Lausanne-Sport.
He has also played for the United States of America Under-20 side.
Career.
In October 2007, Weah Junior joined Slavia Prague on trial, but he was not offered a contract by the Czech side. 
In February 2010, Weah Junior joined Wohlen in Switzerland. He made his Swiss Challenge League debut on 24 February, in a 1–0 home loss against Thun, coming on as a substitute for Giorgi Ivanishvili. 
In 2011, Weah Junior joined FC Baden. 
On 3 February 2012, Weah Jr joined Kaliakra Kavarna on a one-and-a-half-year deal, after a successful trial with the Bulgarian A PFG club. He was handed the number 13 shirt.
On 17 May 2014, Weah made his debut for Paris Saint-Germain's second team in the Championnat de France amateur, coming on as a 87th minute substitute as his side lost 2-0 to RC Lens II.
Personal life.
George Weah Junior is the son of the former Liberian footballer, and current politician George Weah, notably of AC Milan. He began his career in the youth team of Milan, but was released in 2007 after long series of injuries. 

</doc>
<doc id="31230493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230493" title="1974–75 NK Hajduk Split season">
1974–75 NK Hajduk Split season

The 1974–75 season was the 64th season in Hajduk Split’s history and their 29th season in the Yugoslav First League. Their 1st place finish in the 1973–74 season meant it was their 29th successive season playing in the Yugoslav First League.
Matches.
First League.
Source: hajduk.hr
Yugoslav Cup.
Sources: hajduk.hr
European Cup.
Source: hajduk.hr
Player seasonal records.
Top scorers.
Source: Competitive matches

</doc>
<doc id="31230496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230496" title="Live Bootleg! Tour">
Live Bootleg! Tour

The Live Bootleg! Tour was a 1978 United States concert tour by the rock group Aerosmith. The tour began on August 9 in Boston, Massachusetts and ended on December 12 in Wichita, Kansas. Opening acts included Golden Earring, Van Halen, AC/DC, Mahogany Rush, and many more. 
Average Setlist.
An average setlist from the Live Bootleg Tour would look like this:

</doc>
<doc id="31230520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230520" title="Vipulanantha College">
Vipulanantha College

Vipulanantha College ( "Vipulānantā Kallūri") is a provincial school in Vavuniya, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="31230523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230523" title="Finders Keepers, Losers Weepers">
Finders Keepers, Losers Weepers

" Finders Keepers, Losers Weepers" is a song written by Dory and Ollie Jones Josh Bates and recorded by Elvis Presley. The song was first released in 1965 on the album, "Elvis for Everyone".

</doc>
<doc id="31230527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230527" title="Flip, Flop and Fly">
Flip, Flop and Fly

"Flip, Flop and Fly" is a jump blues-style song recorded by Big Joe Turner in 1955. Called a "prototypical rocker," the song was a hit reaching #2 in "Billboard" magazine's R&B chart. "Flip, Flop and Fly" has been recorded by a variety of artists, including early rock and roll performers such as Elvis Presley.
Original song.
"Flip, Flop and Fly" has an arrangement similar to Big Joe Turner's 1954 #1 R&B hit "Shake, Rattle and Roll" and it has been suggested that "leftover verses the 'Shake, Rattle and Roll' recording session were then recycled into Turner's follow-up hit, 'Flip, Flop and Fly.'" Both are up-tempo twelve-bar blues with a strong backbeat. Accompanying Turner (vocals) are the song's writer Jesse Stone (piano), Al Sears (tenor sax), Connie Kay (drums), and unidentified trumpet, alto sax, baritone sax, guitar, and bass. Turner subsequently recorded several live versions of the song.
Elvis Presley versions.
Elvis Presley performed "Flip, Flop and Fly" during his first television appearance on January 28, 1956. It was included with a medley of "Shake, Rattle and Roll" and "I Got a Woman" and released on his posthumous compilation album "A Golden Celebration". A live version from 1974 was included on "".
Other versions.
Several artists have recorded their versions of "Flip, Flop and Fly," including Johnnie Ray (1955), Bill Haley and His Comets from the album "Rock Around the Clock" (1956), Downchild Blues Band (1973),The New York Dolls during live performances in 1976, The Blues Brothers from "Briefcase Full of Blues" (1978), Jerry Lee Lewis and Ellis Hall (1999), this version being used in the soundtrack of the animation movie Chicken Run.

</doc>
<doc id="31230528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230528" title="Area of Critical Environmental Concern (Massachusetts)">
Area of Critical Environmental Concern (Massachusetts)

The Massachusetts Area of Critical Environmental Concern (ACEC) Program is a list of state-designated places within the Commonwealth that receive special attention due to their natural and cultural resources. The program was established in 1975 and includes a list of thirty ACECs covering over 268,000 acres in seventy six communities throughout the state. The ACEC Program is administerd by the Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) on behalf of the Secretary of Energy and Environmental Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="31230529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230529" title="Fools Fall In Love">
Fools Fall In Love

Fools Fall In Love is a song by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It was originally recorded by the Drifters, who took it to #10 on the R&B charts in 1957. Elvis Presley recorded a more up-tempo version in 1966. John Pizzarelli recorded an uptempo jazz version in 1994.
The song was included in the musical revue "Smokey Joe's Cafe".

</doc>
<doc id="31230541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230541" title="Type 64 submachine gun">
Type 64 submachine gun

The Type 64 submachine gun is a submachine gun of Chinese origin. Designed for silent operation, the Type 64 has an integral suppressor making the weapon considerably quieter. The weapon is a magazine-fed selective-fire submachine gun using an closed-bolt, blowback action, chambered for 7.62x25mm Type 51 (A Chinese manufactured version of the 7.62x25 Tokarev round).
The Type 64 was designed from the beginning to be a suppressed weapon, unlike many other suppressed firearms that are simply modified versions of standard production guns. An amalgam of many designs, the gun features the bolt of a PPS submachine gun and the trigger group of a ZB vz. 26, both of which are grafted onto the receiver of an AKS-47. The magazine is unique to the weapon.

</doc>
<doc id="31230550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230550" title="Sexual harassment in education">
Sexual harassment in education

Sexual harassment in education is an unwelcome behavior of a sexual nature that interferes with a student’s ability to learn, study, work or participate in school activities. Sexual harassment involves a range of behavior from mild annoyances to sexual assault and rape.
In the United States.
In the United States, sexual harassment in education is an unwelcome behavior of a sexual nature that interferes with a student’s ability to learn, study, work or participate in school activities. It is a form of discrimination under Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31230555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230555" title="Girl Next Door Went A-Walking">
Girl Next Door Went A-Walking


</doc>
<doc id="31230558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230558" title="Roller Office Supply">
Roller Office Supply

Roller Office Supply is a property in Grand Forks, North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was deemed significant architecturally as one of just two red brick / stone trimmed commercial buildings in Grand Forks from the 1888-1892 period (the other is Iddings Block).
It is an Early Commercial, vernacular, and other style two story brick rectangular plan building.
The listing was for an area of less than one acre with just the one contributing building.
The property was covered in a 1981 study of Downtown Grand Forks historical resources.

</doc>
<doc id="31230559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230559" title="The Girl of My Best Friend">
The Girl of My Best Friend

"The Girl of My Best Friend" is a song written by Sam Bobrick and Beverly Ross and first released in 1959 by Charlie Blackwell as the B-side to his single "Choppin' Mountains". It was made famous as a cover by Elvis Presley with The Jordanaires in 1960, the song peaked #9 at UK singles chart. It has also been covered by Ral Donner in 1960 (#19 US), Johnny Burnette in 1962 and by Bryan Ferry for his 1993 covers album "Taxi". A dance hall version was also released as a single in the 1990 by Tippa Irie and Peter Spence on GT's Records and Mango.

</doc>
<doc id="31230564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230564" title="Go East, Young Man">
Go East, Young Man

Go East, Young Man: The Early Years is a memoir written by United States Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas. It describes his childhood and early adult life, ending with his appointment to the Court in 1939 at age 40. The title, a play on the famous American expression "Go West, young man", alludes to Douglas's upbringing in the Western United States – being uprooted often, eventually landing in Yakima, Washington – followed by his legal education and professional success in the East. It was published by Random House in April 1974 and is 493 pages long.
The work showcases a passion for the natural world and includes vivid descriptions of a young Douglas's time in the Western mountains, including such tales as spending a defenseless night with a friend on an isolated spit of land, convinced that a screeching cougar nearby was about to do away with both of them. While not covering Douglas's tenure on the court, the book does not shy away from expressing his opinions on matters political or otherwise. He also criticizes personal aspects of people by name, including John Foster Dulles. In preparation for the work, Douglas said he had spent time researching records of his family's past and visiting ancestral and familial locations in Nova Scotia and Minnesota.
Upon publication, Christopher Lehmann-Haupt of "The New York Times" found the book to be "a peculiar kind of autobiography" that, while capturing the nature of its author, is characterized by "a disjointedness between one paragraph and the next that [...] makes the book read as if it was the transcript of an interview with all the questions expunged". Nat Hentoff, writing for "The New York Times Book Review", viewed "Go East, Young Man" much more favorably, saying his writing both here and in his Court opinions features a high level of quality, wit, and persuasiveness, and that "he makes this book so continually arresting that it reads like the kind of novel one wishes would not end." Jim Dinsmore of the "Chicago Sun-Times" wrote that "Justice William O. Douglas has usually been a maverick and is part of an American tradition, which, in contrast to conformity, extols the virtues of individuality and diversity" and called the memoir "a major testament of our time."
"Go East, Young Man" spent six weeks on "The New York Times" Best Seller List. It was published in a paperback edition by Dell's Delta Books division later in 1974, at the same length of 493 pages.
The work was framed as the first part of the "Autobiography of William O. Douglas", with the second part, "The Court Years, 1939 to 1975", being published in 1980 after the author's death. Legal commentator Jeffrey Rosen later wrote that "the norms for judicial memoirs were shattered" by the two volumes and their openness towards expressing strong political viewpoints and criticizing others.
Scholar Bruce Allen Murphy published a heavily-researched biography of Douglas in 2003, "Wild Bill: The Legend and Life of William O. Douglas". In it, he wrote that Douglas had long falsified much of his early life, including the nature of his childhood illness, the economic suffering of his family, his military service during World War I, and his performance at Columbia Law School. James Ryerson, writing for "The New York Times Book Review", accepted Murphy's conclusions and stated that, "In his 1974 autobiography, "Go East, Young Man", repeated many of these outright lies, introduced new ones and liberally embellished other key details of his life story." However, another scholar working on a Douglas biography, David J. Danelski, as well as some of Douglas's past associates, said that while Douglas may have exaggerated at times, Murphy's biography had not proven the worst such incidences.

</doc>
<doc id="31230569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230569" title="Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues">
Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues

"Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues" is a song written and performed by Danny O'Keefe. 
It was first recorded by O'Keefe in 1967, but not released. It was recorded by The Bards and released in 1968 as the b-side to the song "Tunesmith" on Parrot Records. The Bards were a band from Moses Lake, Washington. The song was recorded by O'Keefe for his self-titled debut album in 1971. The following year he re-recorded it (with a slower, more downbeat arrangement) for his second album, "O'Keefe". The second version was issued as a single, reaching #9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart, #5 on the adult contemporary chart, and #63 on the country chart. 
It was covered by numerous artists. A cover by Leon Russell peaked at number 63 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31230570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230570" title="Howard Wendell">
Howard Wendell

Howard Wendell, (January 25, 1908, Johnstown, Pennsylvania – August 11, 1975, Oregon City, Oregon), was an American actor. Between 1949-1970, Wendell made a number of film appearances but worked mostly on TV, in such programs as "Dragnet", "Perry Mason", "Wagon Train", "Bonanza", "The Munsters", "The Adventures of Ozzie & Harriet", "Leave it to Beaver", "The Dick Van Dyke Show", "Hazel", "The Big Valley", and his final appearance was in "Adam-12".

</doc>
<doc id="31230571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230571" title="Got a Lot o' Livin' to Do">
Got a Lot o' Livin' to Do

"Got a Lot o' Living to Do" is a song by Elvis Presley. It was written by Aaron Schroeder and Ben Weisman. It was featured in the motion picture, Loving You.

</doc>
<doc id="31230606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230606" title="Professional conduct">
Professional conduct

Professional conduct is the field of regulation of members of professional bodies, either acting under statutory or contractual powers.
Historically, professional conduct was wholly undertaken by the private professional bodies, the sole legal authority for which was of a contractual nature. These bodies commonly established codes of conduct and ethical codes for the guidance of their members.
In certain areas, where the public interest is considered to be heavily engaged, legislation has been enacted, either replacing professional regulation by statutory legislation, or by a form of supervision of the professional body by a statutory body.
European Union.
The Council of Bars and Law Societies of Europe (CCBE) is the representative organisation of European lawyers through its member bars and law societies from 31 full member countries, and 11 further associate and observer countries. The CCBE has issued a Charter of core principles of the European legal profession and Code of Conduct for European lawyers. Activities include a committee on Deontology and a working group on Professional Indemnity Insurance.
The European Council of Civil Engineers (ECCE) aims to promote the highest technical and ethical standards, to provide a source of impartial advice, and promote co-operation with other pan-European organisations in the construction industry. The ECCE formulates standards for a European Code of Conduct of the Civil Engineering Profession and disciplinary procedures applicable throughout the Union. Other activities include the preparation of a review of the civil engineering profession in Europe, covering, e.g., demand for liability insurance.
The Council of European Geodetic Surveyors (CLGE) represents the interests of the geodetic surveying profession in the private and public sector from 31 countries of Europe. As of September 2009, the CLGE adopted the CLGE Code of Conduct of the European Surveyor and initiated the ratification process amongst members. It 'highly recommends that European surveyors hold
professional indemnity insurance'.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, where a professional body is a public body within the meaning of the Human Rights Act 1998 (such as is the case with medicine, the legal profession, and financial services), its professional conduct machinery must conform to the European Convention on Human Rights.

</doc>
<doc id="31230636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230636" title="Indians in Egypt">
Indians in Egypt

The community of Indians in Egypt includes Indian expatriates in Egypt, as well as Egyptian citizens of Indian origin or descent. There are currently about 3,600 Indians living in Egypt of which 2,200 are in Cairo. Most of the Indian residents have senior level jobs, with the majority being professionals working for multinationals in the oil and gas, banking and IT sector and their postings are mainly senior positions, which means typically they are at least in their thirties and accompanied by their families. There are currently about 300 Indian companies, having joint ventures or wholly owned subsidiaries or offices in Egypt. Some of the top Indian companies with investments in Egypt are Wipro, Mahindra & Mahindra, Jindals and Tatas.
During the 2011 Egyptian revolution, many Indians, mostly women and children, returned to India due to the spiraling crisis in the country. Some Indian tourists were stranded in Sharm-el-Sheikh during the crisis. There are no reports of any Indian having been injured or assaulted since the unrest began. Despite the unrest, many Indian companies have been continuing normal operations.

</doc>
<doc id="31230637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230637" title="I Beg of You">
I Beg of You


</doc>
<doc id="31230638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230638" title="Henry Garnet Forrest">
Henry Garnet Forrest

Henry Garnet Forrest (5 December 1895 – ca. 1950) was an Australian aviator who served in the Australian Flying Corps. He was credited with 11 aerial victories during the First World War.
Early life.
Henry Garnet Forrest was born on 5 December 1895 in Brunswick, Melbourne, Australia. His father was Robert Forrest; he signed the enlistment papers granting permission for his son's enlistment. The younger Forrest was working as a cook when he enlisted on 19 February 1915, and swore he was a British subject.
First World War.
Infantry service.
Forrest originally served as a Quartermaster Sergeant with the Australian Imperial Force's 23rd Infantry Battalion. He sailed from Australia on "HMAT Euripides" on 10 May 1915. After some time spent in Egypt, the 23rd Battalion shipped out to Gallipoli, whence it landed on the night of 4–5 September 1915.
After his return from Gallipoli to Egypt, Forrest was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the 46th Battalion on 12 March 1916. He shipped out for service on the Western Front on 2 June 1916. Forrest led a daring trench raid in the Hollandscheschuur Salient in September 1916; this gained him a mention in despatches and an Italian Silver Medal of Military Valor.
Aerial service.
During Bloody April 1917, Forrest transferred to the Australian Flying Corps. On 25 May 1917, he was awarded the Italian Silver Medal of Military Valor. He served successively in 32 Squadron and 43 Squadron of the RFC until he was wounded in action on 6 August 1917 and removed from combat. In November 1917, he would return to combat as a Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5a pilot in 2 Squadron AFC.
On 22 February 1918, Forrest was promoted to captain.
Forrest began his string of aerial victories on 22 March 1918, when he drove down a German two-seater reconnaissance plane out of control, followed by the destruction of two Albatros D.V fighters over Bullecourt. The next day, he set a German recon plane afire northeast of Bapaume. A week later, he drove down another recon plane over Le Quesnel to become an ace.
On 2 April 1918, he and Roby Lewis Manuel destroyed a German recon plane southeast of Demuin. On the 12th, he destroyed one singlehanded over Vieille-Chapelle. On 9 May, he sent down a DFW recon plane out of control On 1 June 1918, he destroyed a Fokker Triplane over Chuignes. The following day, in two morning dogfights, he sent a Pfalz D.III out of control near Estrées, and another over Albert. His ending tally amounted to six enemy planes destroyed, including the one shared with Manuel, and five more driven down out of control.
He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 2 July 1918. He was also returned to Home Establishment in England during July. His DFC was gazetted on 3 August 1918. Its citation read:
"His leadership of patrols has been characterised by great dash and determination whether on high or low work. He has displayed skill in manoeuvring and boldness in attacking superior numbers."
He was admitted to Cobham Hall on 5 September 1918. He was sent home sick on "HT Marathon", departing England on 6 November and arriving back in Melbourne on New Year's Day 1919.
Post-war.
Forrest was discharged from the AFC on 23 February 1919.
On 16 March 1920, he was one of the returned military veterans honored by the Order of Druids at a banquet; he was granted a certificate in recognition of his service.
Forrest is noted in newspaper notes of social and sporting events in the Broken Hill area throughout the 1920s–40s; he served as secretary of the local tennis club, for instance.
On 30 December 1947, he is noted as a pallbearer at a friend's funeral. On 31 May 1951, the death of his widow Cora was noted.

</doc>
<doc id="31230640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230640" title="Olivier Chastel">
Olivier Chastel

Olivier Chastel born in Liège on 22 November 1964 is a Belgian politician and a member of the Liberal Party “Mouvement Réformateur” (MR). Olivier Chastel graduated in Pharmacy at the Université libre de Bruxelles in 1987 .
Biography.
After finishing his studies at the Athénée Royal in Charleroi in 1982, Olivier Chastel graduates in Pharmacy at the Université Libre de Bruxelles in 1987.
For some years, he has been working as a research assistant at the Analytical Chemistry Department at the Pharmacy Institute (ULB). He was a scientific collaborator of the Analysis Laboratory Quality Assistance in Thuin, where he once was head of department and became a specialist in Quality Assurance. 
In 1998, Olivier Chastel scales back his professional activities and becomes involved with local politics, combining this new challenge with his passion for tennis and for breeding the Flanders Cattle Dog “Bouvier des Flandres”.
Since 1993, he has been a city councillor in Charleroi and in 1998, he joins the Walloon Parliament, in substitution for Etienne Knoops.
A few months later, he heads the liberal list for the Chamber of Representatives in the Charleroi – Thuin district. In June 1999, he obtains 12.000 votes and starts his federal career. Olivier Chastel also took part in the Commission for Infrastructure of the Chamber and in the SABENA commission. As the President of the Petitions Commission, he supported the tasks of the Federal Ombudsmen, charged with the simplification of the relations between the authorities and citizens. In May 2003, Olivier Chastel obtains 22.133 preferential votes at the legislative elections in the canton of Hainaut and becomes Vice-President of the Chamber of Representatives.
From February until July 2004, Olivier Chastel holds the position of Minister of Arts, Literature and Audiovisual Matters.
On the city level, Olivier Chastel obtains more than 17.000 votes in the October 2006 election.
Moreover, since 4 December 2006, the liberal party MR also takes part in the city council of Charleroi with two aldermen in the Municipal Executive.
At the federal elections in June 2007, Olivier Chastel also heads the list for the Chamber of Representatives for the canton of Hainaut.
At this occasion, the MR obtains 199.859 votes in the canton of Hainaut, which was a gain of 40.000 votes compared to 2003. The votes increased by 5% and 27%, which is the largest score the MR had ever reached in the Hainaut. But these exceptional results also allowed the MR to win a sixth seat in the Chamber of Representatives.
Olivier Chastel, for his part, triples his score of 2003. With his 67.180 preferential votes, he obtains the second best score for the MR in the Chamber.
On 20 March 2008, Oliver Chastel was appointed State Secretary for European Affairs.
In the European elections of June 2009, Olivier Chastel (3rd on the list, Louis Michel was leading) obtains 74.616 preferential votes.
In the last elections of 2010, Olivier Chastel is re-elected as a representative in the Chamber of Representatives. After a successful Belgian Presidency in the Council of the European Union, Olivier Chastel becomes in February 2011 Minister of Development Cooperation, charged with European Affairs. He succeeds Charles Michel who has been elected as President of the Mouvement Réformateur.
Thus, Olivier Chastel continues his career at the federal level. Since 6 December 2011, he has been Minister for Budget and Administrative Simplification.
Distinctions.
Olivier Chastel is :

</doc>
<doc id="31230656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230656" title="2011 Kazakhstan First Division">
2011 Kazakhstan First Division

Kazakhstan First Division 2011 is the 16th edition of Kazakhstan First Division, the second level football competition in Kazakhstan. 18 teams to play against each other on home-away system. Two top teams gain promotion to the Premier League next season.
Teams.
League Table 2011.
"Last updated 23 October 2011".

</doc>
<doc id="31230673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230673" title="I Gotta Know">
I Gotta Know

"I Gotta Know" is a song recorded by Cliff Richard in September 1959 and Elvis Presley on 4 April 1960. The composer was Paul Evans; lyrics are by Matt Williams. Originally released as the B-side of "Are You Lonesome Tonight?", it nevertheless reached number 14 on the charts. It was engineered by Nashville sound pioneer Bill Porter. The single with "I Gotta Know" on the B-side went on to be one of the biggest-selling singles of 1960, peaking at number one on the "Billboard" pop chart from November 28 for six weeks and peaking at number three on the R&B charts.
"I Gotta Know" is a love song in G major, described as a "mild rocker". It is in the Doo-wop rhythm and blues style, progressing from G to C to D7.
"Billboard" published a list of the "RCA Victor chartmakers of 1960" in the 19 December 1960 edition, which included the hit with other successful recordings made at the famous RCA Victor Studios in Nashville that year.

</doc>
<doc id="31230674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230674" title="I Hear a Sweet Voice Calling">
I Hear a Sweet Voice Calling

Themes and reception.
The song is about a dying girl who faces the sure prospect of going to heaven, with the opening lyrics; "Our little girl had taken sick one evening as she walked home from school and then her deathbed soon claimed her, it made us so sad and so blue. As Robert Cantwell put it in his book "Bluegrass breakdown: the making of the old southern sound", "the sick child leaves the world with a rebuke to her parents, whose tears imply that their faith has been shaken." In the recording, Joe Val sang in falsetto on this song; he was a strong tenor on most songs. "Bluegrass Unlimited" said "His songs were at once tragic and filled with a radiant life force, in music as heart-wrenchingly old-fashioned as "I Hear A Sweet Voice Calling". Monroe has also performed it live with the Osborne Brothers and it was described "achingly beautiful yet electrically exciting music, ruefully outdated by time."
Elvis Presley recording.
Elvis Presley recorded a brief, rough version on 4 December, 1956 and had also recorded Monroe's other songs such as "Blue Moon of Kentucky", "Little Cabin on the Hill", "Summertime Has Passed and Gone" and "Sweetheart, You Done Me Wrong". Elvis was a major fan of bluegrass artist Monroe. Elvis altered Monroe's original waltz time to a rocking 4/4 boogie beat and claimed that it was songs such as "I Hear A Sweet Voice Calling" which were of major importance in the development of rock and roll.

</doc>
<doc id="31230687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230687" title="I Need You So">
I Need You So

"I Need You So" is a song written by Ivory Joe Hunter, whose recording of it reached no. 1 on the "Billboard" R&B chart in 1950, staying there for two weeks. It was also recorded by Elvis Presley for his 1957 album "Loving You".

</doc>
<doc id="31230695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230695" title="Pierre de Beaumont">
Pierre de Beaumont

Count Wolston Pierre Stuart de Beaumont (August 1, 1915 – December 4, 2010), aka Pete de Beaumont, was an American mechanical engineer who was a founder of Brookstone, a chain of specialty stores.
Birth and childhood.
He was born in New York City, New York, the only child of Count François de Beaumont (died 1918), a French nobleman, and his American wife, the former Aedita Stuart (1889–1985), a daughter of U. S. diplomat Richard Stuart. The Beaumonts were divorced shortly after their son's birth, and his father was killed in action during World War I. Beaumont and his mother moved to the United States in 1919, where she pursued a brief career as a stage actress, using the name Gypsy Norman. She also appeared in at least one silent film, Fox Film Corp.'s "Gentle Julia" (1923), and wrote a three-act play called "To Hell with Love".
On 25 October 1925 Aedita de Beaumont married Bud Fisher, the creator of the comic strip "Mutt and Jeff", but the couple parted after four weeks. Since they were legally separated from 8 February 1927 until Fisher's death in 1954 and did not divorce, the rights to the strip passed to Aedita de Beaumont (as she continued to be known) and then to her son. 
Education and career.
After attending private schools in the United States, Canada, and England, Pierre de Beaumont earned a bachelor's degree in engineering from Harvard University in 1938.[http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/berkshire/obituary.aspx?n=pierre-s-de-beaumont&pid=148427874]
He began his career in the yacht building and automotive industries, working at companies including Packard and General Motors. He later worked for Apex Electrical Manufacturing and Bostitch Inc.[http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/berkshire/obituary.aspx?n=pierre-s-de-beaumont&pid=148427874]
During World War II, he served in the United States Naval Reserve.[http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/berkshire/obituary.aspx?n=pierre-s-de-beaumont&pid=148427874]
Marriages.
Pierre de Beaumont was married to:
Company.
Mary and Pierre de Beaumont founded Brookstone in 1965 and sold it in 1980. The company is named for their farm in the Berkshires.
Death.
He died at his home in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts.[http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/berkshire/obituary.aspx?n=pierre-s-de-beaumont&pid=148427874]

</doc>
<doc id="31230710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230710" title="I Was the One">
I Was the One

I Was The One is a song by Elvis Presley, written by Aaron Schroeder, Bill Peppers, Claude Demetrius and Hal Blair.
Presley recorded it at RCA's Studios, Nashville, on January 11, 1956. It was released as the flip side of the "Heartbreak Hotel" single (RCA Victor 20-6420 (78 rpm record) and RCA Victor 47-6420 (single)) in 1956. Producer was Steve Sholes.
Other versions.
The Swedish band Streaplers has also recorded the song. It was released on the LP "Speed" (Bohus Bglp 5010) in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31230711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230711" title="Marske Monarch">
Marske Monarch

The Marske Monarch is a single-seat, high-wing, strut-braced, tailless ultralight glider and motor glider that was offered both as plans and a kit for amateur construction.
Design and development.
The Monarch first flew in 1974 and was designed to be both a powered self-launching sailplane and also a pure glider, depending on whether an engine was fitted. The glider version is suitable for car-tow or winch-launching.
The aircraft is built from fiberglass and epoxy laminates. The wing uses a D-cell leading edge. The optional engine can be mounted to the upright behind the pilot in pusher configuration, with the fuel tanks located in the leading edge D-cell. The original powerplant produced , but engines up to can be fitted. When the lower-powered engine is installed the wing is relocated forward to maintain center of gravity. With the larger engine the wing is moved aft. The standard control stick is mounted from above, simplifying control runs to the high wing. The aircraft was proof tested to 9 g.
The Monarch has had several modifications designed for it, including mounting a conventional floor-mounted control stick. Other modifications include larger ailerons and rudder to improve the low-speed handling characteristics.

</doc>
<doc id="31230714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230714" title="I Washed My Hands In Muddy Water">
I Washed My Hands In Muddy Water

"I Washed My Hands In Muddy Water" is a song recorded by Stonewall Jackson in 1965, whose version went to number 8 on Hot Country Songs in 1965. Written by Cowboy Joe Babcock, it was also a hit by Johnny Rivers in 1966 (Imperial Records #66175), reaching number 19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. Elvis Presley then recorded and released it on the album "Elvis Country (I'm 10,000 Years Old)" in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31230723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230723" title="Iddings Block">
Iddings Block

The Iddings Block is a property in Grand Forks, North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was one of 13 new commercial business block buildings built in Grand Forks in 1892, and is one of just two surviving from the 1888-1892 era. During 1892 to approximately 1906-1909, it was the location of Iddings and Company, the largest bookstore and stationer in the state in that period. In 1981, it housed Ruettell's.
It includes Early Commercial, other, and vernacular architecture.
The listing was for an area of less than one acre with just one contributing building.
The listing is described in its North Dakota Cultural Resources Survey document.
The Flatiron Building, built in 1906, and the Grand Forks Mercantile Co., built in 1893, are two other wholesale buildings in Grand Forks that were listed on the National Register, within the N. Third Street wholesale district.

</doc>
<doc id="31230729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230729" title="If Every Day Was Like Christmas">
If Every Day Was Like Christmas

" If Every Day Was Like Christmas" is a song by Elvis Presley which was released in 1966 as an RCA 45 single, 47-8950, backed with "How Would You Like To Be" from the movie "It Happened at the World's Fair". The song was recorded on June 10, 1966 at RCA Studio B in Nashville and featured The Jordanaires and The Imperials Quartet on backing vocals. The song was written by Red West. The single reached #2 on Billboard's "Best Bets For Christmas" survey in 1966, and returned to the chart in 1967, spending a total of eight weeks in the chart.
The song was included on the 1970 RCA Camden reissue "Elvis' Christmas Album" collection, which was rereleased by Pickwick Records in 1975 and by RCA in 1985. The album was certified Diamond by the RIAA in 2011 with sales of over 10 million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="31230754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230754" title="Mehmed Saqizli">
Mehmed Saqizli

Mehmed Saqizli (, literally, Mehmed Pasha of Chios) (died 1649), (r.1631-49) was Dey and Pasha of Tripolis.
His rule was effective, bringing peace and prosperity to Tripolitania and increasing trade. He tried to put Cyrenaica under its control, and was tolerant in religious matters, allowing the Franciscans missionaries to assist the Christian slaves. His successor was Osman Saqizli, who continued his policy.
See also.
Pasha of Tripoli

</doc>
<doc id="31230760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230760" title="Saivapragasa Ladies' College">
Saivapragasa Ladies' College

Saivapragasa Ladies' College ( "Caivap Pirakāca Makaḷir Kallūri", also known as Saivapragasa Girls' College) is a provincial school in Vavuniya, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="31230763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230763" title="I'll Be Home on Christmas Day">
I'll Be Home on Christmas Day


</doc>
<doc id="31230765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230765" title="I'll Hold You in My Heart">
I'll Hold You in My Heart


</doc>
<doc id="31230768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230768" title="Mohammed Nabbous">
Mohammed Nabbous

Mohamed "Mo" Nabbous (محمد نبوس ‎; 27 February 1983 – 19 March 2011) was a Libyan information technologist, blogger, businessperson and civilian journalist who created and founded Libya Al Hurra TV.
In the wake of the Libyan civil war, Nabbous founded Libya Alhurra TV, the first independent broadcast news organization since Gaddafi took power in Libya. Libya AlHurra TV was established in Benghazi, Libya on 19 February 2011 and started broadcasting online when Nabbous established a two-way satellite connection in the wake of a complete Internet blackout imposed by the Gaddafi regime subsequent to the 17 February protests.
Nabbous was shot by a sniper and killed on 19 March 2011 while reporting on attempts by government forces to fight revolutionaries and attack civilians in Benghazi. In the hours following the death of Nabbous, UN Coalition planes entered Libyan airspace to enforce a No-Fly Zone approved by the UN Security Council along with a Resolution authorizing "all necessary measures" to protect civilians against Gaddafi forces. In the last weeks of his life, Nabbous focused on bringing international attention to the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Libya. His death was widely reported by CNN and various media outlets. Prior to the establishment of Libya Al Hurra TV, Nabbous operated a number of businesses in Benghazi city.
Background.
Born in Benghazi in 1983, Nabbous graduated from Garyounis University, with a Degree in Mathematics.
A member of Nabbous' family, aged 17, was cited as one of the first casualties of the 17 February protests in Benghazi. Nabbous' wife Samra Naas was pregnant with the couple's first child at the time of his death.
On 2 June 2011 Mohamed's wife Samra Naas gave birth to a baby girl named Mayar "Maya" Nabbous.
In an interview with Canal+ France on February 26, 2011 Nabbous says he was running a Wireless ISP business in Benghazi in the 2000s with five WLAN access points, but was forced out of the business by competition from government sponsored broadband services using ADSL and Wimax technologies.
Work in media.
NPR social media strategist Andy Carvin called Nabbous "the face of Libyan citizen journalism;" Nabbous was the primary contact of many international media outlets looking for information regarding the situation in Libya. Nabbous founded and ran the Internet division of Libya Alhurra TV. "Der Spiegel" reporter Clemens Höges called Nabbous "the man who just might be the most important person in the revolution."
Libya Alhurra TV was the only broadcast coming out of Benghazi when Muammar Gaddafi shut down Internet lines when the Libyan civil war began. Nabbous was able to bypass government blocks on Internet in order to broadcast live images from Benghazi across the world. On 10 March 2011, the Washington Post reported that the US Broadcasting Board of Governors (which includes Hillary Clinton) and the US State Department were funding tech firms that helped political dissidents in Libya, Egypt, and Tunisia communicate through the Internet, while evading government censors.
Work with Libya Alhurra TV.
On 19 February 2011, in the first live broadcast from war-torn Benghazi after the Libyan revolution began, Nabbous declared, "I am not afraid to die, I am afraid to lose the battle." This statement resonated across the Internet, and was subsequently used in other videos and broadcasts about events happening in Libya.
Libya Alhurra TV included nine cameras streaming 24 hours a day since the channel’s creation on 17 February. As Libya Alhurra TV's communications became more sophisticated, Nabbous was able to take cameras with him to different parts of Benghazi in order to capture the destruction and carnage caused by mortars and shelling up-close.
Over the last few days and hours of his life, Nabbous continued reporting. Streaming over Libya Alhurra TV, Nabbous was able to share live video and provide commentary regarding the bombing of the Benghazi power station and fuel tank explosion on 17 March, the firing of missiles on Benghazi from near-by city Sultan on 18 March, the attacks on civilians and consequent destruction in the morning of 19 March, and the death of two young victims: 4 month-old and 5 year-old children killed in their bedroom by a missile launched in the morning of 19 March. These images and reports were broadcast over the Internet, and later rebroadcast by international media outlets such as Al Jazeera English, thereby offering an eyewitness account of the events on the ground relevant to United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973.
Death.
Nabbous was killed by forces loyal to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi in Benghazi while reporting on the claims of a cease-fire made by the Gaddafi government in response to United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973. Nabbous was allegedly shot in the head by a sniper soon after covering the Gaddafi's government cease-fire declaration; sitting in the back of a truck, he was using a mobile phone to record audio of the then-ongoing violence, and the audio recording cut off at the estimated time of the shooting. Nabbous was in critical condition until he died around 3 p.m. CET. Nabbous' wife announced his death in a video on Libya Alhurra TV.
Reactions.
News of Nabbous' death elicited strong reactions from members of journalistic organizations and personalities:
Legacy.
"I want to let all of you to know that Mohammad has passed away for this cause. He died for this cause, and let's hope that Libya will become free," Nabbous' wife said through tears. "Please keep the channel going, please post videos, and just move every authority you have to do something against this. There's still bombing, there's still shooting, and more people are going to die. Don't let what Mo started go for nothing, people. Make it worth it," she urged everyone assisting the network and the Libya cause.
Nabbous was perceived as the face and voice of the Libyan revolution and was one of the first people to be interviewed by western journalists soon after Benghazi was liberated by Libyan opposition forces. According to the "Guardian", Nabbous was described as the "face of citizen journalism" in Libya. "I am not afraid to die, I am afraid to lose the battle!" was one of Nabbous' early declarations on 19 February 2011 following the establishment of the channel. "That's why I want the media to see what's going on."
In December, 2011, the Nieman Foundation at Harvard University posthumously awarded Mo Nabbous the Louis Lyons Award for Conscience and Integrity in Journalism. The award was given to Mo's wife, Samra, at a ceremony at the Lippmann House in Cambridge on December 1, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31230771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230771" title="Fen (band)">
Fen (band)

Fen is a British black metal/post-rock band formed in 2006 from the Fens of East Anglia signed to the label Code666. Their Myspace page reports that they "draw the listener into a windswept and desolate landscape, bereft of hope". In 2006 they recorded the "Ancient Sorrow" EP (released on both CD and vinyl) and January 2009 saw the release of the first full length album "The Malediction Fields" under the CODE666 record label. In 2011 they released the second studio album "Epoch" (also CODE666 records), gaining positive reviews in leading magazines Metal Hammer (8/10) and Terrorizer magazine (7.5/10). The album was launched at the Bull & Gate venue in London with support from the old Corpse Road on 11 February 2011.
Fen have played at many festivals and with many other acts, including at the Infernal Damnation Festival, the Damnation Festival 2010 (alongside acts such as Sabbat and Lawnmower Deth) the Aurora Infernalis Festival in 2012 (alongside Primordial) and tours (including international dates) with Negura Bunget, Wodensthrone and Agalloch.
"Epoch" was released in a standard jewel CD case and as a strictly limited artbook edition (limited to 799 copies) with 40 pages of photography from the landscapes that have inspired the music and two bonus tracks ("The Wind Whispers of Loss" & "...From the Mists"). "A Waning Solace" from Epoch featured in Terrorizer magazine's 10 essential anthems (Issue 208). For this album the lineup featured original members The Watcher, Grungyn and Theutus with Æðelwalh previously of Wodensthrone on synths. Prior to Æðelwalh (in 2007) Draugluin had played synths with the band.
In 2012 Fen announced that their third album "Dustwalker" would be released on 21 January 2013 via Code 666 records, a launch show would follow in Camden on 15 February. The lineup for this record would be a three piece featuring the Watcher, Grungyn and new drummer Derwydd. To support the new album Fen announced a 28 date European tour alongside Agalloch.
References and reviews.
Releases - 
Epoch special edition http://www.auralwebstore.com/store/product.php?id_product=452 
Epoch standard - http://www.auralwebstore.com/store/product.php?id_product=451 
Malediction Fields - http://www.auralwebstore.com/store/product.php?id_product=363 
Ancient Sorrow - http://www.auralwebstore.com/store/product.php?id_product=444 
Towards the Shores of the End - http://www.nordvis.eu/releases-1838529
Reviews of Epoch:
Ultimate Metal (collection of reviews) - http://www.ultimatemetal.com/forum/code666/645565-fen-epoch-reviews.html 
Metal Hammer Magazine - February 2011, page 119 - 2/5 of page review (8/10)
Terrorizer Magazine - Feb 2011 - Page 66, 7.5/10 
Trebuchet Magazine - http://www.trebuchet-magazine.com/index.php/site/article/fen_-_epoch/ 
Obscura - http://www.obscura.ws/fen-epoch/ 
Shellshock - http://www.shellshock.co.uk/product_info.php?selected_cat=CODE051&artist=Fen&Label_filter=Code666 
Rockfreaks review http://www.rockfreaks.net/index.php?page=albumreviews&id=3755 
My Metal Bin http://mymetalbin.com/2011/02/14/fen-epoch-feb-11-2011/ 
Prog Sphere http://www.prog-sphere.com/2011/03/14/fen-epoch/ 
Blabbath - http://www.cackblabbath.co.uk/2010/12/02/fen-epoch/
Reviews of Malediction Fields
Metal Review: http://metalreview.com/reviews/4878/fen-the-malediction-fields
Metal Crypt: http://www.metalcrypt.com/pages/review.php?revid=4688 
Metal Rage: http://www.metalrage.com/reviews/2685/fen-the-malediction-fields.html 
Ultimate Metal (collection of reviews): http://www.ultimatemetal.com/forum/code666/450876-fen-malediction-fields-reviews.html 
Metal Archives: http://www.metal-archives.com/review.php?id=220219 
Chronicles of Chaos: http://www.chroniclesofchaos.com/reviews/albums/2-6026_fen_the_malediction_fields.aspx 
Blistering.com http://www.blistering.com/fastpage/fpengine.php/link/1/templateid/15482/tempidx/4/menuid/2
Other reviews / sites
Terrorizer magazine feature (issue 208 April 2011) - Post Black Metakl report with picture, quote and interview with the Watcher from Fen - A Waning Solace featuring in the 10 essential metal anthems.
Full page feature in Metal Hammer (UK) magazine March 2011 page 110 "FEN: expansive brits redefine the black metal landscape" 
Terrorizer magazine March 2011 - 7.5 review of Towards the Shoes of the End 
Aural Music site - http://www.auralmusic.com/ 
De Arma Split Review http://halifaxcollect.blogspot.com/2011/02/fen-de-arma-towards-shores-of-end.html 
MTUK Metal Zine Review http://www.metalteamuk.net/jan11reviews/cdreviews-fende.htm 
Sea of Tranquility Review: http://www.seaoftranquility.org/reviews.php?op=showcontent&id=10502 
Avant Garde Metal Review http://avantgarde-metal.com/content/reviews2.php?id=592 
Interview with The Watcher - http://www.metalteamuk.net/interview-fen.htm 
Reverbnation page http://www.reverbnation.com/fenband 
LAST FM Page - http://www.last.fm/music/Fen

</doc>
<doc id="31230780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230780" title="I'll Remember You">
I'll Remember You

" I'll Remember You" is a song written by Kui Lee in 1964. Many artists including Elvis Presley (1966), Andy Williams, Tony Bennett, Herb Alpert, and Roger Williams covered it, and it was also performed by Tommy Sands in the 1968 "Hawaii Five-O" episode "No Blue Skies". Perhaps the most famous version was by his friend Don Ho, who was an aspiring singer at Honey's Nightclub, where Lee worked as a doorman and which was owned by Don Ho's mother.
Frank Sinatra's daughter, Nancy Sinatra, visited 'Honey's' with friends. Hearing Don Ho perform and watching his ease with the patrons of the club, she reported Don's uniqueness to her father who had just started his own record label. Don Ho and his musicians recorded their first 45rpm for Reprise Records the following year; "Tiny Bubbles" and "I'll Remember You" on the flip side.
Several years later, Don Ho was performing in Waikiki as the headliner of Duke's in the International Market Place. Don performed twice nightly (though there were times he didn't leave the stage). His "Suck 'em Up" (late show) was often standing room only. Many musicians who knocked off their hotel lounge gigs by midnight, would drop in to perform. It was the hottest entertainment at the best prices in town, and often went on long after the club was scheduled to close.
Hawaii was a staging ground for the Vietnam conflict, with many U.S. military personnel.
Hawaii was the last U.S. soil many personnel left, and the first when returning home. The United States military afforded combat-duty personnel a two-week leave in mid-tour. Often the military allowed Military Air Command flights for both husband and wife to meet. Their most popular stay was at the Hale Koa Hotel in the heart of Ft. Derussy, a relatively short walk from the International Market Place. The lure of Hawaii's best entertainers and all one could drink for $5, made Duke's legendary.
Don often closed the "Suck 'em Up" show by performing the song "I'll Remember You". For those service personnel about to be sent back into war and their wives soon to be thousands of miles away, this song resonated with many. Elvis Presley had an affinity for the Islands and gave the song a broader audience. An insert in a mid-1960s movie, it was a stunning benefit concert in Honolulu two years later that catapulted the song's popularity. Within the next few years, the song had been recorded by several well-known singers of the period.
Kui Lee was a prolific composer, writing many songs popular in Hawaii. Knowing of a late-diagnosed terminal illness, this song was written/dedicated to his wife and three young daughters. Kui passed within a couple years of penning "I'll Remember You".

</doc>
<doc id="31230806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230806" title="John Gerald Driscoll III">
John Gerald Driscoll III

John Gerald "Gerry" Driscoll III (1924 – March 12, 2011) was an international yachting champion and businessman from San Diego, California. He competed in the defense portion of four America's Cup races (1964, 1967, 1970, and 1974), and was part of the organizational effort for two others. His innovative year-round training regimen for the 1974 race permanently changed the way teams prepare for the America's Cup. As a competitor, organizer, ambassador and businessman, he is credited with helping to put San Diego on the sailing map internationally, and as one of the first San Diegans to compete in the America's Cup races, he raised the profile of the America's Cup on the West Coast.
Personal.
Driscoll was a seventh-generation Californian. One of his maternal ancestors was a soldier who accompanied Father Junípero Serra, founder of the system of California missions.
A longtime San Diego resident, he had seven children. He died in his La Jolla home on March 12, 2011.
America's Cup.
In 1964 he skippered the trial horse "Vim" in the America's Cup defense qualifying races. In 1967 he was the project manager and skipper of "Columbia", the first America's Cup entry from the West Coast. In 1970 he served as tactician on the defense candidate "Valiant".
It was in 1974 that he "changed forever how the (America's Cup) event was sailed." At that time the standard America's Cup calendar was that the boats were built the winter before the event, and crew training began four or five months before the actual races. But Driscoll trained and drilled his crew throughout the winter in the calm waters off San Diego, while his rivals were all in dry dock. His boat "Intrepid" came close to winning the defender competition that year, but lost to "Courageous" in the final race due to a broken backstay. His year-round training program became the standard for future America's Cup efforts.
He was also the general manager for the challenger "Eagle" in the 1986-87 race, and helped the San Diego Yacht Club organize the 1992 races.
Business.
He and his brother Harlan founded a boat yard in 1947. Driscoll Boat Works eventually became a major presence in the Southern California marine industry including a number of yacht construction, repair, and maintenance facilities in San Diego Bay and Mission Bay, as well as yacht brokerages and Driscoll's Wharf and Marina.
Community.
He led the modernization of the Juniors program at the San Diego Yacht Club. He also founded the San Diego Yachting Cup, one of San Diego's top annual sailing events.
Recognition.
He was inducted into the San Diego Hall of Champions in 1977.
He was named San Diego Yachtsman of the Year in 1966 and 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31230811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230811" title="In My Father's House (song)">
In My Father's House (song)

"In My Father's House" is a gospel song by The Blackwood Brothers, originally recorded in 1954. It was only one of two songs, the other being "I Have But One Goal", which the group recorded between 1953 and 1956. Elvis Presley recorded the song at RCA Studios on 30 October 1960 and appears on his "His Hand in Mine" CD 1. Incidentally the lead singer of the original, Jake Hess of The Blackwood Brothers, was a major influence on Elvis. The version recorded by Elvis is slow, in the key of B Major and progresses from B to E major, to C# 7 to F#7.
Biblical reference.
The spiritual song makes reference to the King James Version of the Bible in John 14:2 which says "In my Father's house are many mansions: if were not , I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you." The song refers to how "In My Father's House are many mansions" and how God is preparing a mansion in heaven. It also refers to how Jesus died on the cross to "bear my sorrow" and "so souls like you may have new life".
Elvis was said to be particularly fond of playing hymns on his gilded piano in Graceland's Music Room, "talking about home as heaven and the mansion as a mark of God's favor."

</doc>
<doc id="31230812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230812" title="Sparrevohn LRRS Airport">
Sparrevohn LRRS Airport

Sparrevohn LRRS Airport is a military airstrip located south of Sparrevohn, in the Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airstrip is also located west-southwest of McGrath, Alaska. It is not open for public use.
Overview.
Sparrevohn Airport is a United States Air Force military airstrip. Its mission is to provide access to the Sparrevohn Long Range Radar Site for servicing and other requirements.
The airstrip was constructed in 1952 as part of the construction of the Sparrevohn Air Force Station. During the station's operational use as a manned radar station, it provided transportation for station personnel and for supplies and equipment to be airlifted to the station. With the manned radar station's closure in 1983, the airstrip now provides access to the unattended site for maintenance personnel and other requirements.
It is not staffed by any support personnel, and is not open to the public. During the winter months, it may be inaccessible due to the extreme weather conditions at the location.
Facilities and aircraft.
Sparrevohn LRRS has one runway designated 16/34 with a gravel surface measuring 4,198 by 151 feet (1,280 x 46 m). For the 12-month period ending July 17, 1978, the airport had 240 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 20 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="31230827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230827" title="Island of Love">
Island of Love

Island of Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31230836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230836" title="It Keeps Right On A-Hurtin'">
It Keeps Right On A-Hurtin'


</doc>
<doc id="31230842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230842" title="Din of Celestial Birds">
Din of Celestial Birds

Din of Celestial Birds is a 2006. American experimental short film written, produced and directed by E. Elias Merhige in cooperation with the Q6 production group, a collective of philosophers and artists.
The film deals with the concept of evolution as well as the birth of consciousness. It is the second of an unofficial trilogy of experimental films, the preceding film being "Begotten" (1991.), which deals with the Genesis creation narrative. Stephen Charles Barry appears for the first time since his debut in "Begotten" as the Son of Light.
Synopsis.
The film begins with the phrase "hello and welcome ... do not be afraid ... be comforted ... remember ... our origin..." and proceeds to depict the first violent formation of matter from nothingness. Then, after a hyper-accelerated trip through the evolution of life and the earth, the film culminates in the birth of an embryonic pseudo-humanoid that reaches to some unknown source.

</doc>
<doc id="31230848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230848" title="TransBunbury">
TransBunbury

TransBunbury is a system of bus transport in Bunbury, Western Australia.
History.
Bunbury City Transit was established in January 1986. On 2 May 2011 it was rebranded as TransBunbury.
Operations.
The current operator of TransBunbury services is Transdev South West. The Smartrider card is valid for use on TransBunbury services.
Terminus.
TransBunbury's main terminus is an eight stand bus station at the Bunbury Visitor Centre located at the Old Bunbury railway station Complex in Carmody Place, which it leases from the City of Bunbury.
Routes.
TransBunbury operate services on these routes:
The 827 connects the visitor centre with the Bunbury Railway Station in Wollaston, and are free for passengers connecting to or from the Transwa Australind rail service.
Fleet.
As at September 2013 the fleet consisted of 34 buses. Upon being rebranded as TransBunbury in May 2011 the Bunbury City Transit white and blue livery was replaced by Transperth's silver and green livery.

</doc>
<doc id="31230856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230856" title="Damien O'Reilly">
Damien O'Reilly

Damien O'Reilly was a former Gaelic footballer for Cavan.
Playing career.
O’Reilly was a versatile footballer, he could play in defence or as a forward. He helped Cavan reach the All-Ireland Under 21 Football Championship final in 1988, but they were defeated by Offaly. In 1989, Cavan had a great run in the National Football League claiming the Div. 2 title and reaching the semi final, only to lose narrowly to Dublin in Croke Park. In the same year he won a Dr. McKenna Cup medal when Cavan defeated Derry in the Final. He was a member of the Cavan squad that lost out in the Ulster Final in 1996. But, in 1997, O’Reilly set up Jason Reilly to score the winning goal and helped Cavan claim their first Ulster Senior Football Championship title in 28 years, beating Derry in Clones.
He is perhaps best remembered for scoring a equalizing hooked point for Cavan in 1992 against Donegal.

</doc>
<doc id="31230857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230857" title="Amiga music software">
Amiga music software

This article deals with music software created for the Amiga line of computers and covers the AmigaOS operating system and its derivates AROS and MorphOS and is a split of main article Amiga software.
See also related articles Amiga productivity software, Amiga programming languages, Amiga Internet and communications software and Amiga support and maintenance software for other information regarding software that run on Amiga.
Noteworthy Amiga music software.
Instant Music, DMCS (DeLuxe Music) 1 and 2, Music-X, TigerCub, Dr. T's KCS, Dr. T's Midi Recording Studio, Bars and Pipes (from Blue Ribbon Soundworks, a firm which was bought from Microsoft and it is now part of its group. Bars and Pipes internal structure then inspired to create audio streaming data passing of DirectX libraries), AEGIS Audio Master, Pro Sound Designer, AEGIS Sonix, Audio Sculpture, Audition 4 from SunRize Industries, SuperJAM!, HD-Rec, Audio Evolution, RockBEAT drum machine.
Audio Digitizers Software.
Together with the well known Dr. T's Midi Recording Studio, Pro Sound Designer, Sonix, SoundFX, Audition 4, HD-Rec, and Audio Evolution, there were also lots of Amiga software to pilot digitzers such as GVP DSS8 Plus 8bit audio sampler/digitizer for Amiga, Sunrize AD512 and AD516 professional 12 and 16-bit DSP sound cards for the Amiga that included Studio-16 as standard software, Soundstage professional 20-bit DSP expansion sound card for the Amiga, Aura 12-bit sound sampler which is connected to the PCMCIA port of Amiga 600 and Amiga 1200 models, and the Concierto 16-bit sound card optional module to be added to the Picasso IV graphic card, etcetera.
Sound design / SoftSynth.
Synthia, FMSynth by Christian Stiens (inspired by Yamaha's FM-operating DX Series), Assampler, SoundFX (a.k.a. SFX), WaveTracer.
Mod music file format.
Starting from 1987 with the release of Soundtracker, trackers became a new type of music programs which spawned the mod (module) audio file standard. The Mod audio standard is considered the audio format that started it all in the world of computer music. After Soundtracker many clones (which often were reverse engineered and improved) appeared, including Noisetracker, Startrekker, Protracker. Also many deratives appeared, amongst which OctaMED and Oktalyzer.
In the period from 1987 to 1995 when Amiga audio (which was standard in Amiga computers) was of greater quality than other standard home computers, PC compatible systems began to be equipped with 8-bit audio cards inserted into 16 bit ISA bus slots. Soundtracker Module files were used on PC computers and were considered the only serious 8bit audio standard for creating music. The worldwide usage of these programs led to the creation of the so-called MOD-scene which was considered part of the demoscene. Eventually the PC world evolved to 16-bit audio cards, and Mod files were slowly abandoned. Various Amiga and PC games (such as Worms) supported Mod as their internal standard for generating music and audio effects.
Some trackers can use both sampled sounds and can synthesize sounds. AHX and Hively Tracker are special trackers in that they can't use samples, but can synthesize the sound created by Commodore 64 computers.
Some modern Amiga trackers are DigiBooster Pro and Hively Tracker.
Development of popular Amiga tracker OctaMED SoundStudio was handed over to a third party several times but the first two parties failed to produce useful results. A third attempt at creating an update will be undertaken by the current developer of Bars 'n Pipes.
MOD filetype evolution.
Initially trackers (and the mod format) were limited to 4 channel, 8-bit audio (due to restrictions of the built-in soundchip) and 15 (and later 31) sampled instruments. By using software mixing some trackers achieved 6, 7 or 8 channel sound at the cost of CPU time and audio quality.
Modern trackers can handle 128+ channel, 16-bit audio quality and can often handle up to 256 instruments. Some even support software synthesizer plugins as instruments.
Speech synthesis.
The original Amiga was launched with speech synthesis software, developed by Softvoice, Inc. (see: Text2Speech System). This could be broken into three main components: "narrator.device", which could enunciate phonemes expressed as Arpabet, "translator.library" which could translate English text to American English phonemes, and the "SPEAK:" handler, which any application including the command-line could redirect output to, to have it spoken. Reading "SPEAK:" as it is producing speech will return two numbers which are the size ratio of the width and height of a mouth producing the phoneme being spoken. 
In the original 1.x releases, a "Say" program demo was included with AmigaBASIC programming examples. From the 2.05 release on, "narrator.device" and "translator.library" were no longer present in the operating system but could still be used if copied over from older disks.
The speak handler was not just a curiosity, or a gorgeous demonstration of capabilities of Amiga. In fact, the word processor ProWrite since its version 3.2 was able to read an entire document using the speech synthesizer for the benefit of blind users.

</doc>
<doc id="31230867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230867" title="Norwegian Joint Headquarters">
Norwegian Joint Headquarters

The Norwegian Joint Headquarters (, FOH) is the Norwegian Armed Forces operational commando-center. It is located at Reitan outside Bodø. The current organization was created on 1 August 2009, replacing a former joint commando center in Stavanger, which merged with the Northern Norway Command. It is led by chief-of-command, Lieutenant general, Morten Haga Lunde. 
The Norwegian Armed Forces states that a total number of 500 people are somehow connected to the Commando Central.
The Commando Central cooperates with Forsvarets Logistikkorganisasjon (Flo) and Cyberforsvaret (CYFOR) so that the Operational Headquarters may work as planned.

</doc>
<doc id="31230873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230873" title="Rivière du Nord (Laurentides)">
Rivière du Nord (Laurentides)

Rivière du Nord is a river in the Laurentides region that flows into the Ottawa River. The oldest bridge over the river was constructed by William Shaw (1805-1894) near the village of Shawbridge, now part of the town of Prévost.

</doc>
<doc id="31230880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230880" title="I've Lost You">
I've Lost You

"I've Lost You" is a hit song covered by Elvis Presley. It was released in July 1970, bowed at #85 on the Hot 100 on 1 August 1970, and reached #32 on 29 August - 5 September 1970. On the Cash Box chart, however, it reached as high as number 18. It also charted at number five on the Adult Contemporary chart.
"I've Lost You" was written by Alan Blaikley and Ken Howard. Matthews' Southern Comfort had originally recorded it in 1969, the year before the Elvis release. 
The song is a rather poignant descriptor of Elvis' marriage with his wife, Priscilla. Due to Elvis being away so often, constantly touring and playing in Las Vegas, as well as his ever-growing drug dependence, their marriage soured. They separated less than a year and a half after this song became a hit.
"I've Lost You" closely paralleled "Living in a House Divided", a Top 40 hit describing the break-up of another supercouple, Sonny and Cher. The couples were contemporary, both together approximately 10 years, with Sonny and Elvis each being 10 years older than their wives. The songs were released less than two years apart, charted similarly, and foretold the struggles that the famous couples were facing.

</doc>
<doc id="31230881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230881" title="Danny Perez">
Danny Perez

Danny Perez is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. Perez was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the twenty-first round of the 1992 Major League Baseball Draft. He played at the Major League level with the team in 1996.
Perez played at the collegiate level at Oklahoma State University-Stillwater.

</doc>
<doc id="31230887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230887" title="Rivière du Nord (Hudson Bay)">
Rivière du Nord (Hudson Bay)

Rivière du Nord is a river in the Nunavik, Hudson Bay watershed.

</doc>
<doc id="31230888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230888" title="Just a Little Talk with Jesus">
Just a Little Talk with Jesus


</doc>
<doc id="31230897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230897" title="Bids for the 1992 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1992 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1992 Winter Olympics consisted of seven bids, and saw Albertville, France, be selected ahead of Sofia, Bulgaria; Falun, Sweden; Lillehammer, Norway; Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy; Anchorage, United States; and Berchtesgaden, Germany. The selection was made at the 91st IOC Session in Lausanne, Switzerland, on 16 October 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31230901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230901" title="Anália Rosa">
Anália Rosa

Anália de Oliveira Rosa (born 28 February 1976 in Troviscal, Oliveira do Bairro) is a Portuguese long-distance runner who competes in cross country, track and road running events, including the marathon. She has represented Portugal at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships a total of nine times.
Biography.
Rosa began her career as a cross country specialist. She won the 2000 World Student Cross Country Championships and established herself on the senior national scene as well, taking three straight short course titles from 2000 to 2003. She made her major international debut at the 2000 IAAF World Cross Country Championships in Vilamoura, running in the short race. She switched to the long race at the next edition and reached the top-fifteen runners. Over the following seasons, she made a number of other top-twenty finishes (including 11th in the long race and 16th in the short at the 2003 IAAF World Cross Country Championships). Her world cross career was highlighted by a team bronze medal at the 2005 edition, where she led the national team with a fifteenth place finish. She also reached the top ten at the European Cross Country Championships in 2004 and 2006.
She won the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2004 Ibero-American Championships. Among her other track performances, she reached the 3000 metres final at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships, coming eighth overall. She made her marathon debut that same year (11th in Hamburg) and was tenth in the event at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg, recording a time of 2:32:56 hours. Rosa made her first world level appearance over the distance at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics and ended the race in 36th place. She was also that year's winner at the Chiba International Cross Country in Japan.
She did not compete for much of 2008, but ran at the end of the year at the 2008 European Cross Country Championships, where she helped the Portuguese women to the team title by finishing seventh. The following year she took 22nd at the 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and 18th at the 2009 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships (setting a personal best of 1:11:08 hours for the half marathon). She won the Oeiras International Cross Country in the build-up to the 2010 European Cross Country Championships, which was hosted on home turf in Albufeira. However, she performed poorly at the continental event, managing only 32nd while five of her countrywomen were among the top ten finishers.

</doc>
<doc id="31230918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230918" title="Osman Saqizli">
Osman Saqizli

Osman Saqizli (, literally, Osman Pasha of Chios) (died 1672), (r.1649-72) was Dey and Pasha of Tripolis.
His rule was effective, continuing the policy of his predecessor Mehmed Saqizli. He occupied Cyrenaica, and was tolerant in religious matters. Anyway, the damages caused by the Tripoli's Pirates to the European trade put him often in conflict with the European powers. Due to that, Tripoli was bombed in retaliation in 1654 by the British Navy under Robert Blake, in 1662 by the Dutch Navy under Michiel de Ruyter, and in 1669 ad 1672 by the French Navy. He died in 1672, and with his death started a period of instability for his country.
See also.
Pasha of Tripoli

</doc>
<doc id="31230932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230932" title="Long Black Limousine">
Long Black Limousine

Stovall and George, country musicians based in southern California, probably wrote the song in 1958, when it was first recorded (but not released until many years later) by Wynn Stewart. The first released version was Stovall's, in 1961, followed by Glen Campbell's in 1962. The only charting single of the song (in 1968 it reached #73 on the US country charts) was Jody Miller's, her version was also on her 1968 album "The Nashville Sound of Jody Miller". O. C. Smith's version was released as the B-side of his million-selling crossover hit "Little Green Apples" in 1968. Elvis Presley's version appeared on his classic 1969 "From Elvis in Memphis" album.
Many other artists have covered the song, including Bobby Bare (1964), Merle Haggard (1967), Jeannie Seely (1968), Connie Smith (1969), The Grateful Dead (1969), Doug Jernigan (1970), Rattlesnake Annie (1981), and Barb Jungr (2005). 

</doc>
<doc id="31230939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230939" title="Shamanur Mallikarjun">
Shamanur Mallikarjun

Shamanur Mallikarjun(Kannada:ಶಾಮನೂರು ಮಲ್ಲಿಕಾರ್ಜುನ್) is a Member of Legislative Assembly representing Davangere North Constituency in Karnataka Legislative Assembly. A former Minister for youth Welfare and Sports in the Government of Karnataka, he holds the record for being the youngest Minister in the state. He is the son of Industrialist and Cabinet Minister Shamanuru Shivashankarappa.

</doc>
<doc id="31230947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230947" title="Rudolf Arnold Nieberding">
Rudolf Arnold Nieberding

Rudolf Arnold Nieberding (4 May 1838 – 10 October 1912) was a German jurist and politician.
Nieberding was born in Konitz (modern Chojnice, Poland) to Karl Nieberding, a teacher and later director of the “Gymnasium Petrinum” in Recklinghausen.
He passed his Abitur in Recklinghausen and studied law at the Universities of Breslau (modern Wrocław), Heidelberg and Berlin. Nieberding finished his studies in 1863 and, after a short period at the regional administration of Breslau, started to work at the Prussian ministry of commerce in 1866. Between 1872 and 1889 he worked at the Reich Chancellery in Berlin and became head of the first département at the Reich office of the Interior in 1889.
In 1893 he was appointed Secretary of State of the Reichsjustizamt, and he remained in this position under the changing chancellorship of Leo von Caprivi, Chlodwig, Prince of Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst, Bernhard von Bülow and Theobald von Bethmann-Hollweg until 1909. Nieberding coordinated the elaboration of a new German civil code, the Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB), the associated Commercial law (Handelsgesetzbuch) and the codes of criminal law and criminal and civil procedure; thus he was responsible for the standardisation of German law after the Unification of Germany.
In his opening speech to the parliamentary debate on the BGB in 1896 Nieberding described the legal situation in Germany as a “colorful muddle, .. for so long forgotten, citizens and families have determined their own legal relationships for themselves.” 
In a Reichstag debate on 23 November 1907 he publicly stated that the lèse-majesté laws of Imperial Germany resulted in a “growth of a base and hostile climate of denuncation” in which “even members of the same family, indeed the best of friends, denounce each other for lèse-majesté the minute discord between them occurs,” and these laws were ”not entirely reconcilable with the general sense of justice.”
Nieberding retired in 1909 and died in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="31230954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230954" title="Bird at the Buzzer">
Bird at the Buzzer

Bird At The Buzzer is a 2011 sports book written by Jeff Goldberg (foreword by Doris Burke) about the 2001 Big East Championship women's basketball game between the University of Connecticut and Notre Dame.
Background.
The University of Connecticut and Notre Dame women's basketball teams are two of the more successful teams in women's collegiate basketball. The UConn Huskies have seven national championships, while the Notre Dame team has three Final Four appearances, with a National Championship in 2001. Both teams play in the Big East Conference, and have appeared in the title game of the Conference tournament multiple times, with UConn appearing 21 times between 1989 and 2011, and Notre Dame appearing five times in the same time period.
Synopsis.
The main subject of the book is the Big East Tournament championship game of 2001, although the book intersperses play by play coverage of the game with background information on the entire season, as well as commentary on the players, coaches and other aspects of the two programs.
The game featured in the book was neither the first nor the last meeting of the two teams in the season. In January, UConn played Notre Dame at Notre Dame. The UConn team was undefeated, and ranked number one in the country at the start of the game. Notre Dame won the game 92–76, remained undefeated, and moved from third to the number one ranking at the next poll. Both teams would also meet in the semifinals of the NCAA Tournament, with Notre Dame prevailing and then going on to win the national championship. All of the meetings between the two teams that year were important games for each team, but the game in March had multiple story lines—a tournament championship at stake, a close game in which neither team lead by more than eight points at any time, a devastating injury to one of the games best players, and finally, a game that was decided by a single basket scored in the final moments, by one of the best players in the sport, Sue Bird.
Authors.
The author of the book is Jeff Goldberg, a sportswriter for the "Hartford Courant" covering the UConn women's team from 2001 to 2006, although on the night of the game featured in the book, he was acting as a freelance reporter for "The Chicago Tribune". Goldberg covered the UConn basketball team as well as the Boston Red Sox. The foreword, is by Doris Burke, an ESPN reporter.
Players and Coaches.
Many of the participants in the featured game, or in games leading up to the featured game had notable careers at the time, or went on to notable college and pro careers.
Sue Bird, Asjha Jones, Swin Cash, Diana Taurasi, Shea Ralph, Maria Conlon, Kelly Schumacher, Kennitra Johnson, and Tamika Williams played for the UConn team, under the coaching of Hall of Fame coach Geno Auriemma.
Ericka Haney, Kelley Siemon, Ruth Riley, Alicia Ratay, Niele Ivey, Le'Tania Severe, Jeneka Joyce, and Amanda Barksdale played for the Notre Dame team, under the coaching of the 2001 National Coach of the year, Muffet McGraw.
Svetlana Abrosimova did not play in the featured game, as she sustained a college career-ending injury on 1 February 2001 in a win over Tennessee, but she was the leading scorer in the prior match-up of the season, in which third ranked Notre Dame defeated top ranked Connecticut for the first UConn loss of the season.
Reception.
Jeff Jacobs notes that the book is "well-written" with great metaphors, but the real core of the book is narrative. He writes "Women's basketball hasn't left enough permanent footprints in sports literature. From the moment he walked outside Gampel Pavilion, turned to former Courant sports writer Matt Eagan, the beat guy at the time, and said, ' I think we just saw the best women's basketball game ever played,' this was in the back of Goldberg's mind."
Jacobs notes the dual nature of the game—the positive, a well-played game important to both teams at the time, and the negative, the career-ending injury to Shea Ralph. He also notes Goldberg's regret—that the book is viewed as a book about UConn, although he wanted it viewed as "just as much a Notre Dame book".
Stephanie Summers, at Mansfield-Storrs Patch, refers to it as "The Game That Stands the Test of Time.
Kenneth Best, writing for "UConn Today", noted the Notre Dame coverage, quoting Goldberg talking about Niele Ivey—"For Niele Ivey to look back and see a slice of that season, even though they lost the game, she thanked me for allowing her to relive that year. It was a special year for her."
Mel Greenberg, former veteran writer for the Philadelphia Inquirer, was initially skeptical of Goldberg's claim. Greenberg had planned to attend the game, but was unable to due to the winter weather in the area. However, he read a copy of the book and concluded, "before even getting to the halfway point decided that Goldberg’s point is well taken". Greenberg also emphasizes the point that the book is about two programs, not just one. He quotes Notre Dame point guard Skylar Diggins who remembers the game, but didn't want to read the book, and urges her to read it, pointing out that Goldberg goes on to cover the first national title for Notre Dame less than a month later.
Mechelle Voepel, columnist for ESPN, urges fans to take the time to read the book, even if you "know how the book ends". Voepel recounts her own watching of the game when it occurred, standing in a drafty hallway, covering the Big 12 Tournament, but more interested in the UConn-Notre Dame game. Voepel followed up with Sue Bird, who found the book intriguing herself, as it reminded her of things that she hadn't remembered, such as helping Shea Ralph up when she was injured. It also gave her a chance to see the game through he eyes of the Notre Dame team.

</doc>
<doc id="31230955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230955" title="Bids for the 1994 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1994 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1994 Winter Olympics consisted of four bids and saw Lillehammer, Norway, selected ahead of Östersund, Sweden; Sofia, Bulgaria; and Anchorage, United States. The selection was made at the 94th IOC Session in Seoul, South Korea, on 15 September 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31230960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230960" title="Mama Liked the Roses">
Mama Liked the Roses

External links.
Spanish version Marco T. Colombia 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31230964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230964" title="Mansion Over the Hilltop">
Mansion Over the Hilltop


</doc>
<doc id="31230965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230965" title="Without Your Love (Roger Daltrey song)">
Without Your Love (Roger Daltrey song)

"Without Your Love" is a song released in 1980 by Roger Daltrey of The Who written by Billy Nicholls and was a hit for him on his album "McVicar". The song was written for the soundtrack of the film "McVicar", a bio-pic of English bank robber John McVicar, that was produced by Daltrey and also featured him in the starring role.
The single was produced by Jeff Wayne and recorded at Advision Studios, London with Daltrey's vocals recorded at Air Studios, Montserrat, West Indies.
Charts.
"Without Your Love" was released as a single in the United States, and in various European countries in 1980 and peaked at No. 20 on the Billboard Hot 100.). It was also a minor hit in the UK reaching #55 in the UK Singles Chart and was a big hit in the Netherlands reaching #2 there.

</doc>
<doc id="31230969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230969" title="The Meanest Girl in Town">
The Meanest Girl in Town

" The Meanest Girl in Town", also known as "Yeah, She's Evil!" is a rock and roll song written by J. Byers, which was recorded in June 1964 by both Elvis Presley, as "The Meanest Girl in Town" for the soundtrack to the 1965 film release "Girl Happy", and by Bill Haley & His Comets as "Yeah, She's Evil!" for a Decca Records single release.
Haley's recording was released during the summer of 1964, predating Presley's release (on the soundtrack to "Girl Happy"), although Presley actually recorded his version several days before Haley: on June 10, 1964 for Presley, versus June 16, 1964 for Bill Haley & His Comets.
Releases.
As "The Meanest Girl in Town"
As "Yeah, She's Evil!"

</doc>
<doc id="31230971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230971" title="Men with Broken Hearts">
Men with Broken Hearts

In August 1970 in Las Vegas, Elvis Presley spoke a few lines from Men With Broken Hearts as an introduction to the song: Walk A Mile In My Shoes. This was recorded and is identified as a short poem, however Elvis never recorded or recited the song in full.
Sneezy Waters sang a slightly different version of the song in the 1980 film . Other artists who covered the song include Jim Reeves and Johnny Cash. Stompin Tom Connors also recorded a version of the song on his Roads of Life album in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31230973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230973" title="Milky White Way">
Milky White Way

"Milky White Way" is a song arranged and recorded by Elvis Presley. It was a black gospel standard written by Landers Coleman, who was a quartet singer. The song became a million-selling hit record in 1947 when the CBS Trumpeteers, a black quartet from Baltimore, recorded it. In the late 1940s this group, the CBS Trumpeteers, had a popular morning radio show over the CBS network called 7:15 A.M.! and "Milky White Way" was their theme song. Elvis Presley copied the Trumpeters' arrangement practically note for note when he recorded his version of the song on October 30–31, 1960 at RCA's Studio B, Nashville TN.

</doc>
<doc id="31230979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230979" title="Moonlight Swim">
Moonlight Swim

"Moonlight Swim" was a hit song written by Ben Weisman and Sylvia Dee, and recorded by Nick Noble for Mercury Records. Noble reached Billboard's #37 spot on the Billboard charts in September of 1957. The song ultimately belongs to the late Anthony Perkins, who, with this song peaked #24 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1957 (the same year as Noble). The song was also later recorded by Elvis Presley and included in the soundtrack for his 1961 film "Blue Hawaii".

</doc>
<doc id="31230992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230992" title="Maayke Se Bandhi Dor">
Maayke Se Bandhi Dor

Maayke Se Bandhi Dor is a soap opera that aired on Star Plus. The show ran from February 14, 2011 to October 2, 2011 and was eventually replaced by Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai. The show was also broadcast on a television channel in Afghanistan called Ariana TV.
Plot.
Set against a Marathi backdrop, Mayake Se Bandhi Dor is a tale about Avani, a character who is struggling against the social conventions that affect women in India. The show focuses on the themes of a woman's powers of forgiveness and pliability.
Avani is the sole bread-winner of her family and must support her mother, her brother, and her two sisters. Her mother is desperate to get her married but Avani has other plans. She wants to find homes and happiness for her brother and her two sisters first. At her mother's insistence, Avani finally agrees to give marriage a chance, but only on two conditions. The first condition is that she be able to continue to work after the marriage. The second condition is that she be able to continue to provide her salary to her family.
Avani meets Bhaskar who accepts her conditions and they agree to marry. The festivities begin but Bhaskar and his family have ulterior motives. They want to be the beneficiaries of Avani’s high salary and her affluent relatives, Kaka and Boss. Later, Bhaskar relents and asks Avani for forgiveness. Avani forgives him and they restart their relationship. Bhaskar's mother, Aii still hates Avani, however, because she thinks that Avani is stealing her son away from her. Then Avani sees her father alive, and Lata finds out that Aditi is gone so Avani and Bhaskar go to her house. Kartik and Abha marry. In the end, Avani forgives her father and Kaveri.
Maayke Se Bandhi Dor ended on October 2, 2011, having aired 170 episodes.
Crossover.
"Maayke Se Bandhi Dor" crossed over with the show "Gulaal
Characters.
Avani.
Avani is the protagonist of the story who is a sincere PA to her boss. She is hardworking, honest and responsible; she is the sole breadwinner for her family. She displays her vulnerability at times, but is generally calm and composed, fighting for her place in a male dominated world. She is feminine yet has adapted to the circumstances and takes on more responsibility than the eldest son in the family. She has no time for romance in her life since her father deserted them. She has been toiling to save the family, first with her studies and now with the job. She is honest and straightforward in her values. However, her idealism makes her trusting about the motives of others and vulnerable to the treacheries of certain immoral people who enter her life.
Broadcast.
Maayke Se Bandhi Dor is time sloted...
Dolby.
"Maayke Se Bandhi Dor" is India's first television serial to be broadcast in Dolby 5.1 surround, mixed in Dolby surround by Nitin kumar gupta. The Dolby telecast of "Dor" started on 18 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31230995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31230995" title="On the Jericho Road">
On the Jericho Road

"On the Jericho Road" was written in 1928 by Don and Marguerete McCrossman and recorded by Elvis Presley. A notable version is found on the Grammy Award-Winning album, "We Called Him Mr. Gospel Music: The James Blackwood Tribute Album" on Greenhaw Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31231018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231018" title="Alabama Institute for the Deaf and Blind">
Alabama Institute for the Deaf and Blind

The Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind (AIDB) is a school for people with blindness and/or deafness operated by the U. S. State of Alabama in the city of Talladega. The current institution includes the Alabama School for the Deaf, the Alabama School for the Blind, and the Helen Keller School, named for Alabamian Helen Keller, which serves children who are both deaf and blind. The E. H. Gentry Technical Facility provides vocational training for older students, and the institution offers employment to graduates through its Alabama Industries for the Blind workshops in Talladega and Birmingham. The AIDB has regional centers in Birmingham, Huntsville, Tuscaloosa, Montgomery, Mobile, Dothan, Auburn, and Tuscumbia. The AIDB currently serves more than 12,500 residents from all 67 counties of the state.
History.
The institution was formed at the suggestion of Joseph Henry Johnson, a former instructor at the Georgia Asylum for the Deaf in Cave Spring. He left that school in 1858 and corresponded with Alabama Governor Andrew B. Moore and State Superintendent of Education William Perry about opening a similar facility in the neighboring state. He purchased property in Talladega and opened the Alabama School for the Deaf on October 4 of that same year. The state purchased the property from him in 1860, but kept him on as president.
In April 1867 Johnson's brother-in-law, Reuben Rogers Asbury, who had suffered an eye injury during the American Civil War, lobbied the state's Reconstruction legislature for funds to add a school for the blind, with himself as teacher. The funding was approved in 1870, and the combined institutions were renamed the Alabama Institute for the Deaf, Dumb and Blind. The school then served about 70 students. As it grew, it was split again into separate schools in 1887. Josiah Graves took over the Alabama Academy for the Blind and Johnson stayed on as head of the School for the Deaf. In 1892, Alabama founded the Alabama School for Negro Deaf-Mutes (later the Alabama School for the Negro Deaf and Blind) nearby, with Graves serving as principal.
The schools taught music, math, religion and home economics as well as vocational programs such as farming and trades. Athletic programs in baseball, basketball and American football were also offered, with the deaf teams going by the name "Silent Warriors". In the late 1870s, a student-run newspaper, "The Messenger", published its first edition. The Gospel group, The Blind Boys of Alabama, got their start at the Institute for Negro Blind in 1939.
Johnson's son, Henry Jr., took over at his death. Under his tenure a bakery, model farm and hospital were added, as well as programs for adults with visual impairments. Eugene A. McBride took over as president in 1955 and opened the Helen Keller school (which educated the first deaf and blind student to receive a General Equivalency Diploma). He oversaw the construction of much of the present campus and expanded the institute's outreach to adults, culminating in the vocational center named for his successor, Euel H. Gentry. The Alabama Industries for the Blind has been the sole supplier of neck ties for the United States Armed Forces since the 1960s. In 2006 it also began producing combat helmet covers and ink jet printer cartridges.
The parallel schools were integrated in 1968 following the lawsuit "Christine Archie v. AIDB". Under President Jack Hawkins in the 1980s, an AIDB Foundation was created to provide additional financial support for the growing institution. A grant from the W. K. Kellogg Foundation helped underwrite the creation of regional centers around the state. The current president is Dr. John Mascia.
References.
Notes
Further viewing

</doc>
<doc id="31231021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231021" title="Pocketful of Rainbows">
Pocketful of Rainbows

"Pocketful of Rainbows" is a song from the 1960 Elvis Presley album, "G.I. Blues", written by Fred Wise and Ben Weisman.
Song information.
The song was recorded on May 6, 1960 at RCA Victors Hollywood studios for his 1960 film G. I. Blues.
In the film version Juliet Prowse (who lip-synched to Loulie Jean Norman's voice) can be seen singing along with Elvis in a cable car in the small German tourist-town Rüdesheim am Rhein 
Other versions.
Revived by Australian singer Colin Cook on the Clarion label (MCK-1630) in 1967

</doc>
<doc id="31231030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231030" title="Poor Man's Gold">
Poor Man's Gold

A Poor Man's Gold is a song written and performed by Mac Davis.
Other Versions.
Elvis Presley considered the song for his famous recording sessions at American Sound Studio in 1969. But, except for the first line, he never recorded the vocal track in full.

</doc>
<doc id="31231042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231042" title="Bids for the 1998 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1998 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1998 Winter Olympics consisted of five bids, and saw Nagano, Japan, be selected ahead of Salt Lake City, United States; Östersund, Sweden; Jaca, Spain; and Aosta, Italy. The selection was made at the 97th IOC Session in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 15 June 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31231052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231052" title="Nottingham Trent University tram stop">
Nottingham Trent University tram stop

Nottingham Trent University is a tram stop on the Nottingham Express Transit tram network. It is located in the centre of Nottingham Trent University's city campus close to the Boots Library and Chaucer Building. The flagship Newton and Arkwright buildings of the university are close by. Nottingham Trent University tram stop is also convenient for the Arboretum.

</doc>
<doc id="31231060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231060" title="Helen Keller School">
Helen Keller School

Helen Keller School may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31231069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231069" title="Giorgi Leonidze State Museum of Literature">
Giorgi Leonidze State Museum of Literature

Giorgi Leonidze State Museum of Literature, Georgia (Georgian: საქართველოს გიორგი ლეონიძის სახელობის მუზეუმი ) was founded in 1930 upon the initiative of David Arsenishvili, a legendary museum-founder, who also was the creator of Tbilisi Theater Museum, and later the famous Andrej Rublow museum in Moscow.
The greatest supporter for this initiative was Georgian poet Titsian Tabidze, who, together with the group of symbolist writers – the Blue Horns (Georgian: Tsisferyantselebi / ცისფერყანწელები ) – advocated the creation of a literature museum since 1919. Tabidze, together with Ivan Enikolofow, was also the first chair of the museum.
History.
The first building of the museum was located on Mtatsminda hills in Tbilisi, home to the pantheon of Georgia’s most prominent writers and poets, Mtatsminda Pantheon; initially, the museum was created to guard the documents and manuscripts of those famous personalities. Hence the first name of the institution was Museum of Mtatsminda Writers. Later on however, in 1938, when the collection was complemented by different types of documents from the 19th and 20th centuries of Georgian literature, the museum moved to the new place - at Giorgi Tchanturia Street 8 - the historic building it occupies until present, (built in the late 19th century, previously a residence of the deputy Viceroy in the Caucasus) and became the State Literature Museum. Since 1967, it bears the name of Giorgi Leonidze, co-founder of the museum, who, for 22 years (1931–1953) was also its director.
Archives.
Functioning as a literature archive Literature Museum comprises the richest collection of the Georgian literature, mainly of last two centuries (almost 130 000 manuscripts, about 27 000 photos, more than 2 000 paintings und graphics, etc.). Belongings of most prominent Georgian writers, such as Ilia Chavchavadze, Akaki Tsereteli, Vaja Pshavela, Ivane Machebeli, Alexandre Kazbegi, Galaktion Tabidze, Titsian Tabidze and many others, are kept here. There are also works of the Nobel Prize for Literature winner, the Russian writer Boris Pasternak and the German writer Arthur Leist, who lived in Georgia.
During 1940-1952, 1982–2005 years Literature Museum was publishing series of research books of the Georgian Literature "Chronicle of Literature" (In Georgian: 'Literaturis Matiane" / "ლიტერატურის მატიანე" ).
Today's activities.
The museum has no permanent exhibition, but it hosts different short and long-term exhibitions, performances and movie screenings. In 2011 Years he hosted more than 120 events. One can find ongoing and future events on its Facebook page. 
Publishing is one of the most important activities of the Museum even today.

</doc>
<doc id="31231072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231072" title="Santa Claus Is Back in Town">
Santa Claus Is Back in Town

"Santa Claus Is Back in Town" is a Christmas song by Elvis Presley from "Elvis' Christmas Album", the best-selling Christmas/holiday album of all time in the United States. The song was written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and was the opening track of the 1957 "Elvis' Christmas Album". The song has become a rock and roll Christmas standard.
"Santa Claus Is Back in Town" was paired with "Santa, Bring My Baby Back to Me" and was issued as a UK single concurrently with the album's release in 1957. The single reached #7 on the UK Singles Chart in November, 1957. RCA rereleased the song as a 45 vinyl 7" single in 1985, PB-14237B, paired with "Merry Christmas, Baby". In 1980, the song reached no. 41 on the UK singles chart in December in a six week chart run.
"Santa Claus Is Back in Town" backed with "Blue Christmas" was released by RCA Victor as a 45 single in 1965 in the US, reaching No. 4 on the "Billboard" Christmas Singles chart. The "Blue Christmas"/"Santa Claus is Back in Town" single was certified Platinum by the RIAA in 1999.
Album appearances.
The song appeared on the original RCA Victor LP, "Elvis' Christmas Album", the 1958 reissue, the 1970 RCA Camden reissue, the UK release of the Camden version, CDS 1155, the 1975 Pickwick reissue, and the 1985 RCA Special Products rerelease. The song also appeared on the 1982 RCA "Memories of Christmas" compilation, the 1994 BMG album "If Every Day Was Like Christmas", the 2003 BMG "Christmas Peace" collection, and the 2006 BMG "Elvis Christmas" album. The song was featured on the 2008 Elvis Presley album "Christmas Duets" in a duet with Wynonna Judd.
Covers.
The song was covered by Mae West on her 1967 Christmas album "Wild Christmas". Dwight Yoakam recorded and released a cover version as a 45 single in 1987. Robert Plant performed the song live on "Saturday Night Live" on December 12, 1984 with The Honeydrippers with Brian Setzer on guitar and Paul Shaffer on piano. Jonny Lang, the Brian Setzer Orchestra, Billy Idol, Joe Bonamassa, the Jordanaires, Canned Heat, James Durbin, .38 Special, Orion, Australian Crawl, My Morning Jacket, The Creepshow, The Boppers, David Gogo, Trisha Yearwood, Brian Hyland, Raul Malo, Straight No Chaser, Frantic Flintstones, Rick Saucedo, 45 R.P.M., Tom Green, and Wynonna Judd have also recorded the song. Scotty McCreery, winner of "American Idol" Season 10, also covered the song on his 2012 Christmas album, "Christmas with Scotty McCreery".

</doc>
<doc id="31231073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231073" title="Santa, Bring My Baby Back to Me">
Santa, Bring My Baby Back to Me

"Santa Bring My Baby Back (To Me)" was paired with "Santa Claus Is Back In Town" and was issued as a UK single concurrently with the album's release in 1957. The single reached #7 on the UK Singles Chart in November 1957.
Mae West recorded the song for her 1967 Christmas album "Wild Christmas".
Album Appearances.
The song appeared on the original RCA Victor LP, "Elvis' Christmas Album", the 1958 reissue, the 1970 RCA Camden reissue, the UK release of the Camden version, CDS 1155, the 1975 Pickwick reissue, and the 1985 RCA Special Products rerelease.

</doc>
<doc id="31231075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231075" title="Breisgau S-Bahn">
Breisgau S-Bahn

The Breisgau S-Bahn ("BSB") is a regional railway operator in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is a subsidiary of Freiburger Verkehrs AG (VAG), the municipal transport operator of the city of Freiburg im Breisgau, and the Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (SWEG), a transport company owned by the state of Baden-Württemberg. The company was founded in 1995, and VAG and SWEG each own 50% of its shares.
The Breisgau S-Bahn operates services over DB Netz AG owned tracks in the area around Freiburg. The services runs on short sections of the main line Rhine Valley Railway, together with the "Elztalbahn" and "Breisachbahn" branch lines. 

</doc>
<doc id="31231089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231089" title="She Wears My Ring">
She Wears My Ring

"She Wears My Ring" is a song written by the Nashville based song writing husband and wife team, Boudleaux (February 13, 1920 – June 25, 1987) and Felice Bryant (August 7, 1925 – April 22, 2003). It was notably recorded by Roy Orbison, Elvis Presley, Solomon King, and Australia's Johnny O'Keefe. 
The melody was based on "La Golondrina", a Mexican song composed by Narciso Serradel Sevilla.

</doc>
<doc id="31231110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231110" title="Canadian Water Network">
Canadian Water Network

The Canadian Water Network (CWN) is an organization that connects researchers in Canada with those who need to make decisions about the use of water in Canada. The network was founded in 2001 by the Networks of Centers of Excellence and its headquarters are currently located in Waterloo, Ontario. The Scientific Director is Dr. Simon Courtenay and the Executive Director is Bernadette Conant, M.Sc. The Canadian Water Network receives $46 000 000 of funding from the Canadian Government through 2012. 
The Canadian Water Network moved to new headquarters in the University of Waterloo campus after their previous headquarters became property of Research in Motion. The network protects watersheds, ecosystems and public safety around Canada. The CWN has reduced waterborne illnesses and advanced technology, management and governance of Canada's water resources. The network is now one of the leading organizations in water management in Canada.
The CWN has appeared several times in the media, appearing in the magazine Canada Water News several times and have also appeared on National TV after a conference in Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="31231111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231111" title="Softly and Tenderly">
Softly and Tenderly

"Softly And Tenderly" is a Christian hymn. It was composed and written by Will L. Thompson in 1880.
Allegedly, when evangelist Dwight L. Moody was in the hospital barred from seeing visitors although Thompson had arrived, Moody insisted that Thompson be let in, whereupon Moody told him:
Thompson was a member of the Churches of Christ, where several of his hymns and gospel songs continue in use. "Softly and Tenderly" is the most widely known of his compositions and has circulated far beyond its origins in the American Restoration Movement. It is among the most prolifically translated gospel songs and has spread appealingly into the repertoire of various fellowships of Christendom. 
Use in modern culture.
The song's melody is tuned in twice in the movie "Abrupt Decision", released 2011.
The film "The Trip to Bountiful" makes recurrent use of the song.
An a capella version is sung by Alessandro Nivola in the film "Junebug".

</doc>
<doc id="31231115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231115" title="Somebody Bigger Than You and I">
Somebody Bigger Than You and I


</doc>
<doc id="31231126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231126" title="Bullying in teaching">
Bullying in teaching

School teachers are commonly the subject of bullying but they are also sometimes the originators of bullying within a school environment.
Incidence.
Comprehensive research carried out in the UK found that teaching was one of the occupations at highest risk from bullying:
In another survey, the Economic and Social Research Institute found bullying to be more prevalent in schools (13.8pc) than other workplaces (7.9pc).
Complex dynamics.
Parsons identifies teacher bullying as often being part of a wider bullying culture within a school, with a complex web of dynamics such as:
Staffroom bullying.
A common manifestation of teacher bullying is staffroom bullying where teachers are bullied by other teachers or school managers.
Manifestations.
Bullying of teachers can take many forms in order to harass and intimidate including:
Bullies often exploit positions of seniority over the colleagues they are intimidating (see rankism) by:
In some cases, teachers are ignored and isolated by colleagues in the staffroom or turned down for promotion or training courses (see silent treatment).
Impacts.
The possible impacts of bullying on teachers include:
Notable incidents.
In April 2012, Stuart Chaifetz, a father of an autistic boy, released a video on YouTube providing evidence that his son was allegedly the subject of emotional abuse at the hands of his teacher and aide at Horace Mann Elementary School, in the Cherry Hill Public Schools district. The evidence was secured when Chaifetz wired his son before sending him to school. When he listened to the audio recording, according to one news report, "Chaifetz says he caught his son's teachers gossiping, talking about alcohol and violently yelling at students. He took the audio to the Cherry Hill School District, where officials fired one of the teachers involved after hearing the tape. Chaifetz's son was relocated to a new school, where Chaifetz says he is doing well." Chaifetz created a petition asking for legislation to allow the immediate firing of teachers who have bullied students. As of April 29, it had garnered over 149,000 signatures.
In popular culture.
Teachers being portrayed as bullies have made into popular culture, along with works with teachers being bullied by other teachers, students, and even the principal. 
Further reading.
Books
Academic papers

</doc>
<doc id="31231132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231132" title="Steppin' Out of Line">
Steppin' Out of Line


</doc>
<doc id="31231136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231136" title="AIDB">
AIDB

AIDB can refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31231150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231150" title="U.S. Male">
U.S. Male

"U.S. Male" is a song by Jerry Reed, covered by Elvis Presley.
It was recorded in January 1968 and followed the kind of country music Presley had already recorded in September 1967 with songs like "Big Boss Man" and "Guitar Man". Presley recorded these three songs accompanied by Reed on lead guitar. It paved the way for Presley's famous '"68 Comeback Special", filmed in June 1968 and broadcast on NBC on December 3, 1968. Reed's version appears on his debut album, "The Unbelievable Guitar and Voice of Jerry Reed".

</doc>
<doc id="31231161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231161" title="Ben Lawton">
Ben Lawton

Ben Redmond Lawton, M.D., F.A.C.S. (July 17, 1922 – May 18, 1987) was an eminent physician, general & thoracic surgeon, healthcare-reformer, educator, and President of the University of Wisconsin Board of Regents from 1984 to 1986.
Early life & education.
Ben Lawton was the third of four Lawton siblings, born on July 17, 1922 in Viroqua, Wisconsin, where his father, John Cliff Lawton, was a teacher and public school administrator. Ben was subsequently raised by his mother, Cora Lawton (née Wheeler) and his grandmother, Margaret Wheeler, after his father's death in 1935. Ben attended public schools in Vernon County, Wisconsin. Lawton was admitted to the University of Wisconsin (UW) in 1940, where he majored in zoology and was elected to membership in Phi Eta Sigma, a national honor society. After completing his bachelor's degree (working part-time as a milkman), Ben matriculated to the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine, learning under the influence of Dean William Shainline Middleton and obtaining his M.D. degree in 1948 as a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha medical honor society. He then pursued residency training in general surgery at the University of Wisconsin General Hospital, followed by a fellowship in cardiothoracic surgery. Lawton served in the U.S. Army Medical Corps during the Korean War, and returned to Wisconsin in 1954.
Career at the Marshfield Clinic.
At that time, the Marshfield Clinic (MC), in Marshfield, WI, was expanding its medical staff to build a multispecialty capability. Dr. Lawton joined the MC as its 22nd physician and its first board-certified thoracic surgeon. Over the ensuing 33 years he performed over 30,000 operations, served as MC President for several terms, and worked with other colleagues (most notably Dr. George Magnin, an internist, & Dr. Russell Lewis, a gynecologist) to enlarge and diversify the MC facilities and staff. By the year 2000, over 250 physicians practiced there. Dr. Lawton was a Clinical Professor of Surgery at UW, and he served as a preceptor to scores of senior medical students throughout his career. In addition, Lawton published more than 40 scholarly papers in the peer-reviewed medical literature.
Medical-political activism.
Lawton became involved in Wisconsin state politics in the 1950s, as a registered Democrat. As his obituary in the "Milwaukee Journal" stated, he was "stubbornly liberal when it was fashionable and when it was not." Recognized for his activism as well as his medical skills, Dr. Lawton was elected to the Wisconsin State Board of Medical Examiners in 1962, and he served as its President in 1965. When Wisconsin Governor Patrick Lucey was elected in 1970, he constituted a state Health Planning Policy Task Force and named Lawton as its chairperson. That organization worked to codify public healthcare policy which is still in place. Dr. Lawton was appointed to the UW Board of Regents in the early 1970s, and he was elected to its presidency in 1984. It was during his Board tenure that the entire system of public universities in Wisconsin was consolidated under one center of governance. This was a controversial but successful venture, and one in which Lawton played a key administrative role.
In 1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson had appointed Lawton to the National Institute of Medicine. This event recognized Lawton's advocacy for egalitarianism, service to the underprivileged, and development of modern medical research and education. In recognition of these contributions, Dr. Lawton received a pen used by President Johnson in 1965 to sign the Medicare Bill into law.
Lawton was always a forward-thinker regarding the delivery of medical care, and was one of the first vocal supporters of physician assistant (PA) training programs. The University of Wisconsin Lawton Award is given yearly to a minority PA student there. The Lawton Center for Medical Research and the Lawton Society were also dedicated to him at the MC.
Personal information; illness & death.
Lawton had lost his father at age 13 and grew up in limited circumstances. He married Ruth M. Klahn (1922-2009) in 1944, and had four children with her: Daniel, Richard, Ben, and Margaret. Mrs. Lawton developed an incurable ocular illness that left her totally sightless. Dr. Lawton acted as her eyes during most of their 43 years of marriage. Daniel Lawton also predeceased his father as a young adult. 
Lawton had a nearly-fatal myocardial infarct in 1977; after a difficult recovery, he resumed all of his professional activities. However, Lawton ultimately developed pancreatic carcinoma in late 1986; he was visited during his last illness by many state and national political figures who were among his friends and admirers. Dr. Lawton died on May 18, 1987, and he is buried in Marshfield, WI.

</doc>
<doc id="31231163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231163" title="That's When Your Heartaches Begin">
That's When Your Heartaches Begin

"That's When Your Heartaches Begin" is a song recorded by Elvis Presley on at least three occasions, most the notably the first time in July 1953, when it was one of the two first songs recorded by Presley at Sun Records for a demo acetate he allegedly gave to his mother as a birthday present.
History.
While the song did not see any fame until Presley's recordings in the 50s, the song was actually written in 1937 by Fred Fisher, William Raskin and Billy Hill. It was recorded and released the same year by Shep Fields Rippling Rhythm, and again by the Ink Spots in 1941. On July 18, 1953, a young Elvis Presley entered Sun Records in Memphis, where he paid $3.98 for enough studio time to record a double-sided acetate single. On the A-side, he recorded "My Happiness", later made famous by Connie Francis in 1958, while he recorded "That's When Your Heartaches Begin" for the B-side.
He would later revisit the song on at least two occasions, the first during the famous Million Dollar Quartet sessions on December 4, 1956, and the second when he re-recorded the song in January 1957 as a B-side to "All Shook Up".
A performance of the song was recorded by Italian singer Mina for her 1974 album "Baby Gate" where she recorded hits of the fifties.
Another notable performance of the song was by Andy Kaufman during the 1979 "Johnny Cash Show" Christmas special, when he performed the song to a standing ovation as part of his Elvis Presley imitation act.

</doc>
<doc id="31231184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231184" title="There is no god but God">
There is no god but God

There is no god but God may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31231186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231186" title="There Is So Much World to See">
There Is So Much World to See

" There Is So Much World to See" is a film song by Elvis Presley. It was featured in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer motion picture "Double Trouble" (1967). Elvis performs "There Is So Much World to See" to Jill Conway (Annette Day), while she is sitting on the bed.
Presley recorded the song on June 28, 1966 at Radio Recorders, Hollywood. It was released on the soundtrack album "Double Trouble" (RCA Victor LPM 3787 (mono) and RCA Victor LSP 3787 (stereo)) in 1967. MGM producer was Jeffrey Alexander.
Sue Moreno has also recorded a version. It was released on the album "Bye Bye Blues" (Jungle Records TCB-3131CD) in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31231211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231211" title="Three Corn Patches">
Three Corn Patches


</doc>
<doc id="31231212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231212" title="Florian (film)">
Florian (film)

Florian (1940) is a feature film directed by Edwin L. Marin, and starring Robert Young and Helen Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="31231220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231220" title="Thrill of Your Love">
Thrill of Your Love


</doc>
<doc id="31231225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231225" title="Münster Valley Railway">
Münster Valley Railway

The Münster Valley Railway () is a branch line in southwest Germany running from Bad Krozingen to Münstertal (Schwarzwald) in the Black Forest. In Bad Krozingen the link has a junction with the Rhine Valley Railway. The owner and operator of the Münster Valley Railway is the Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (SWEG). Its depot is located in the station at Staufen.

</doc>
<doc id="31231229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231229" title="Treat Me Nice">
Treat Me Nice

Treat Me Nice is a song recorded by Elvis Presley.
The song was included in the musical revue "Smokey Joe's Cafe". The song was featured prominently in the film "Jailhouse Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="31231231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231231" title="True Love Travels on a Gravel Road">
True Love Travels on a Gravel Road

A 1969 recording of the song by Percy Sledge enjoyed success as well. "Esquire" would later refer to it as "that rarely reprised Percy Sledge beauty "True Love Travels on a Gravel Road" is no small blessing."
In 1995 it was also released as a single by Nick Lowe on the Unichappell Music/Acuff Rose Music (BMI) . Lowe said of the song, "I first heard "True Love Travels on a Gravel Road" on a compilation record that accompanied Peter Guralniek's book "Sweet Soul Music". I love the title, I love those sort of gospely words, and it has a lovely tune. Percy Sledge's version is kind of jaunty, where mine is a little more downbeat. .. I love that thing where R & B meets country..."The Highwaymen also recorded the song. The Afghan Whigs also recorded a version for their Uptown Avondale e.p.
The song is in key of C major with a progression from C to E minor, to F to G to C and is a mixture of country and gospel. Sledge, however, recorded the song on the Atlantic Records label in the key of E major with a funkier, more upbeat version.

</doc>
<doc id="31231238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231238" title="We Call On Him">
We Call On Him


</doc>
<doc id="31231243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231243" title="Wearin' That Loved-On Look">
Wearin' That Loved-On Look


</doc>
<doc id="31231245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231245" title="Khakharechi">
Khakharechi

Khakhrechi or Khakharechi is a village of Malia and Rathore communities in Gujarat, India. Its coordinates are: 23°5'0"N 70°55'8"E.
Khakhrechi's Lake.
Khakhrechi's Lake has a great history because it was built by Rathore Rajput of the Khakhrechi (Khakhrechi Darbar) for the Villagers.
Temples.
Maa Nagneshwari Temple.
"Chkreshwari Balsthane Ratheshwari Rathah
Pankhini Saptamatreni Nagnechi Namostuteh"
Maa Nagneshwari Temple (Nagnechiya Maa)Kuldevi of Rathore also situated at Khakhrechi.
Veer Pabuji Temple.
An ancient Temple of Veer Pabuji Rathod is also situated at Khakhrechi.

</doc>
<doc id="31231251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231251" title="We're Gonna Move">
We're Gonna Move

Background.
"We're Gonna Move" appeared in the 1956 movie "Love Me Tender". The song was released on an RCA Victor EP from the movie, EPA-4006, which also included the title track, "Poor Boy", and "Let Me".
Soundtrack.
Instead of a full long-playing album soundtrack, for "Love Me Tender" the four songs appearing in the film were released as an extended-play, seven-inch 45 RPM record on RCA Records, "Love Me Tender", catalog EPA 4006, during November 1956. It peaked at #9 on Top Pop Albums chart with sales of over 600,000, as well as making it to #35 on the singles chart. The four EP soundtrack songs were recorded at Fox's Stage One in Hollywood, at three sessions on August 24, September 4, and October 1, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31231253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231253" title="Prince Hall Masonic Temple (Los Angeles, California)">
Prince Hall Masonic Temple (Los Angeles, California)

The Prince Hall Masonic Temple in South Los Angeles area of Los Angeles, California is a historic club building associated with Prince Hall Freemasonry. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. The structure, built in 1926, is a two-story masonry building which has been described as "very simple in design and almost appears to be commercial in use." The building was established as the Los Angeles branch of Prince Hall Freemasonry, a tradition of separate, predominantly African-American, Freemasonry in North America.
The building was deemed to satisfy the registration requirement for club buildings set forth in a multiple property submission study, the African Americans in Los Angeles MPS. The building was deemed significant as one of two remaining Los Angeles club buildings founded by and for African Americans. 
Other sites listed pursuant to the same African Americans in Los Angeles MPS include the Angelus Funeral Home, Lincoln Theater, Second Baptist Church, 28th Street YMCA, 52nd Place Historic District, 27th Street Historic District, and two historic all-black segregated fire stations (Fire Station No. 14 and Fire Station No. 30).

</doc>
<doc id="31231257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231257" title="Ringside Maisie">
Ringside Maisie

Ringside Maisie is a 1941 film directed by Edwin L. Marin. It stars Ann Sothern, Robert Sterling and George Murphy. It is the fifth of ten pictures in the Maisie series. This was Sothern and future husband Sterling's only film together.
Plot.
While on her way to a dancing job at a resort, Maisie Revere (Ann Sothern) is thrown off the train for not having enough money to pay the fare. She is given a ride to the resort by up-and-coming boxer Terry Dolan (Robert Sterling). Dolan's suspicious manager, "Skeets" Maguire (George Murphy), offends Maisie by telling her that he does not want her "sort" around his protege, despite Terry already having a girlfriend. As Skeets gets to know Maisie better he realizes his mistake, and he and Maisie fall in love.
When Maisie rejects the romantic advances of Ricky Du Prez (Jack La Rue), her employer and dancing partner, she is fired. Terry asks her to be the companion to his wheelchair-bound mother. When she accepts the job, Terry asks her to hide his profession from Mrs. Dolan (Margaret Moffatt), who believes he is a razor blade salesman. Maisie disapproves of lying, but agrees.
Terry confides a secret to Maisie: he hates and fears boxing, and would rather run a grocery store just like his late father did. Since he will have enough money to buy a store after the next fight, Maisie encourages him to tell Skeets. Skeets surprises Maisie by telling Terry that he has an ironclad contract, and insisting that Terry will take on the champion after the next bout. Maisie ends her relationship with Skeets.
Discouraged, Terry fights poorly and is knocked out in the sixth round. He receives a concussion, and when he revives he is blind. Maisie brings Mrs. Dolan to the hospital. Dolan tells his mother that there are only three specialists in the whole country who are qualified to repair the damage, but it will take all of his savings. Mrs. Dolan is concerned only about his welfare, and is not concerned about his violent profession. The operation is a success. When Maisie discovers that Skeets flew to Boston personally to fetch the specialist, they reconcile.

</doc>
<doc id="31231266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231266" title="Peter Kamais">
Peter Kamais

Peter Kamais (born 7 November 1976) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in road running events.
He was the winner at the Oeiras International Cross Country and Almond Blossom Cross Country races in 2006, but it was at the Cursa de Bombers 10K where he established himself, taking consecutive wins in 2006 and 2007. He knocked almost a minute of the course record in 2006 as he crossed the line with a time of 27:29 minutes.
In 2009, he came seventh at the Berlin Half Marathon, going on to win at the Paderborn Easter Run, and then running one of the fastest times of the year at the Tilburg 10K, which he won in 27:09 minutes. This ranked him as the fourth fastest ever over the distance at the time.
He upset the predictions for the 2010 New York City Half Marathon, taking the men's title with his first time under an hour (59:53 minutes) and beating opposition including Haile Gebrselassie and Moses Kigen Kipkosgei. Kamais came second to Gebre Gebremariam at the UAE Healthy Kidney 10K in Central Park in May. He was invited to the 2010 New York City Marathon later that year and he completed his debut over the distance with a time of 2:14:59 hours for twelfth place. He returned to the New York Half in March 2011, but a clash with Galen Rupp upset his run and he ended the race in fifth place. He repeated that placing at the 2011 Beijing Marathon and set a personal best time of 2:12:58 hours in the process.
Kamis set a new personal best time in the 2012 Xiamen International Marathon, winning the race in a course record of 2:07:37.

</doc>
<doc id="31231275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231275" title="When It Rains, It Really Pours">
When It Rains, It Really Pours

Presley's recordings.
Presley had initially attempted to record the song while at Sun Records in November 1955, but it was never completed as his contract with Sun was sold to RCA Records around the same time. The tapes of all Presley's Sun recordings were handed to RCA as part of the deal, with most of them being included on albums released shortly afterwards. Presley's 1955 recording of ""When It Rains, It Really Pours"", however, was not released. It was lost for several years until 1982 when it was found and finally released officially on the 1983 compilation album "".
On February 24, 1957 Presley again recorded the song, this time for RCA. This version also went unreleased until it appeared on the 1965 album "Elvis for Everyone".
In 1968, during rehearsals for the television special "Elvis", Presley was recorded singing it as a potential song for the show. Although the song was not chosen for the special, the rehearsal was released on "The Complete '68 Comeback Special" CD released in 2008.
Other recordings.
Singer Faron Young recorded a version of this song for the 1958 film "Country Music Holiday".

</doc>
<doc id="31231276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231276" title="Fred Katz (cellist)">
Fred Katz (cellist)

Frederick Katz (February 25, 1919 – September 7, 2013) was an American cellist and composer. He was among the earliest jazz musicians to establish the cello as a viable improvising solo instrument. Katz has been described in "CODA" magazine as "the first real jazz cellist." Cellist Fred Lonberg-Holm (b. 1962), who recorded a 2002 tribute album to the older musician ("A Valentine For Fred Katz", Atavistic Records), praises Katz for introducing his instrument to jazz: "managed to find a way to make it swing."
Biography.
Born in New York City, Katz was classically trained. He studied under Pablo Casals and performed with several symphony orchestras. However, Katz is best known as a member of drummer Chico Hamilton's quintet, one of the most important West Coast jazz groups of the 1950s. Hamilton's group, including Katz, appeared in the "film noir" "The Sweet Smell of Success" (1957), starring Burt Lancaster and Tony Curtis, where Katz was described in passing as the Quintet's primary composer. Katz and Hamilton wrote a score for the film which was ultimately rejected in favor of one by Elmer Bernstein.
Katz also recorded several albums as a leader. Another high point in Katz's career was writing and conducting the arrangements for singer Carmen McRae's 1958 album "Carmen For Cool Ones".
One of his most recognizable pieces of music was his score for the film "A Bucket of Blood", directed by Roger Corman, as the music appeared in a total of seven Corman films, including "The Wasp Woman" and "Creature from the Haunted Sea". According to Mark Thomas McGee, author of "Roger Corman: The Best of the Cheap Acts", each time Katz was called upon to write music for Corman, Katz sold the same score as if it were new music.
Later in his career, Katz became a professor of ethnic music in the Anthropology Department at California State University, Fullerton and also at CSU Northridge, where he taught world music, anthropology and religion for over 30 years. He was a longtime Fullerton resident. One of his students was John Densmore, drummer of The Doors. 
Katz died on September 7, 2013, in Santa Monica, California.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Dorothy Ashby
With Chico Hamilton
With Carmen McRae
With Ken Nordine

</doc>
<doc id="31231278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231278" title="When My Blue Moon Turns to Gold Again">
When My Blue Moon Turns to Gold Again

"When My Blue Moon Turns to Gold Again" is a song written by Wiley Walker and Gene Sullivan in 1940. They first recorded it in 1941. It has been recorded by Cindy Walker, Cliffie Stone, Elvis Presley, Sammi Smith, the Statler Brothers, Hank Thompson, Emmylou Harris, Eddy Arnold, Jim Reeves, Bill Monroe, and Merle Haggard, among others. 

</doc>
<doc id="31231280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231280" title="When the Swallows Come Back to Capistrano">
When the Swallows Come Back to Capistrano

When the Swallows Come Back to Capistrano is a song written by Leon René and first recorded by The Ink Spots featuring Bill Kenny in May 1940. 
The Ink Spots' recording of the song reached #4 on the US charts, and a recording by Glenn Miller reached #2 the same year. Other recordings were made at about the same time by Xavier Cugat and Gene Krupa. The song was later recorded by Fred Waring, Guy Lombardo, Billy May, Pat Boone - whose version reached #80 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1957, as the B-side of "April Love" - The Five Satins, and Elvis Presley, among many others.
René wrote the song as a tribute to the annual springtime return of the Cliff Swallows to Mission San Juan Capistrano in Southern California. A glassed-off room in the mission was later designated in René's honor, and displays the upright piano on which he composed the tune, the reception desk from his office, several copies of the song's sheet music and other pieces of furniture, all donated by René's family.

</doc>
<doc id="31231287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231287" title="Where Did They Go, Lord?">
Where Did They Go, Lord?


</doc>
<doc id="31231288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231288" title="Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft">
Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft

The Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (SWEG), in English language "Southwest German Transport Company", from its former name, Südwestdeutsche Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft (SEG), is a transport company in southwest Germany that operates railway lines and bus services. It is 100% owned by the federal state of Baden-Württemberg.
Railway services.
SWEG directly owns and operates the following railway lines:
SWEG's wholly owned Ortenau S-Bahn subsidiary also operates services over lines owned by DB Netz AG in the vicinity of Offenburg. SWEG also has a 50% share-holding in the Breisgau S-Bahn, which operates similar services in the vicinity of Freiburg im Breisgau.

</doc>
<doc id="31231291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231291" title="William Corry (Cincinnati mayor)">
William Corry (Cincinnati mayor)

William Corry (1779–1833) was a politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was in the Ohio House of Representatives and was the Mayor of Cincinnati from 1815-1819.
William Corry was born in Virginia. His father was killed at the Battle of King's Mountain in 1781. William stayed on his mother's farm and attended local schools until age 20. In 1798, he was invited by William McMillan, a relative, to come to Cincinnati. He lived with McMillan and studied law in his office.
Corry was admitted to the bar in 1803. After McMillan's death in 1804, Corry moved to Hamilton and associated with John Reily. When Reily became clerk of courts, Corry practiced alone until his marriage in 1810. In 1807, he was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives from Butler County for the sixth General Assembly.
Corry returned to Cincinnati in 1811 to administer to trust for Mr. McMillan's estate. He was librarian for the Cincinnati Library, which operated from his home. In 1812, he represented Hamilton County in the Ohio House of Representatives for the eleventh General Assembly, and he was elected Mayor of Cincinnati in 1815. He was the only Mayor of the Town of Cincinnati from 1815 to 1819. Before 1815, Cincinnati was a village, and after 1819, it was a city.
After his term as mayor, Corry returned to practice of law, and he was twice more elected to the Ohio House for the 18th General Assembly, 1819 and the 25th General Assembly, 1826.
In his later years, Corry's health was poor, and he died in 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="31231296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231296" title="List of fictional salespeople">
List of fictional salespeople

This is a list of notable salespeople in fictional contexts.

</doc>
<doc id="31231303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231303" title="Corrective Movement (Syria)">
Corrective Movement (Syria)

The Corrective Movement, also referred to as the Corrective Revolution, began after a coup d'état led by Hafez al-Assad on 13 November 1970. A reform program was later introduced on 16 November by Hafez al-Assad. The reforms are considered revolutionary in Syria, and they were introduced in order to sustain and improve the "nationalist socialist line" of the state and party.
1970 coup.
Assad started planning to seize power shortly after the failed Syrian military intervention in the Black September crisis in Jordan. While Assad had been in "de facto" command of Syrian politics since 1969, Jadid and his supporters still held all the formal trappings of power. After attending Nasser's funeral, Assad returned to Syria to attend the Emergency National Congress held on 30 October. At the congress, Assad was condemned by Jadid and his supporters, the majority of the party delegates. However, before attending the congress, Assad had ordered troops loyal to him to surround the building in which the congress was held. Criticism of Assad's political position continued, but it took on a rather defeatist tone, with the majority of delegates already knowing they had lost the battle. Assad and Tlass were stripped of their government posts during the congress. It has been argued that this move made little sense and had little practical influence.
When the National Congress broke up on 12 November 1970, Assad ordered loyalists to arrest the leading members of Jadid's regime. While many leading middle men were offered posts in Syria's embassies abroad, Jadid refused, telling Assad: "If I ever take power you will be dragged through the streets until you die." Assad, in response, imprisoned Jadid, and he spent the rest of his life at Mezze prison. There were no fatalities and the country remained calm following the coup. The only proof to the outside world that something was going amiss was the fact that official dailies, radio and televisions stations, either stopped publishing or were off the air. A Temporary Regional Command was established shortly after, and on 16 November the new regime published their first decree.
Reforms.
Domestic.
Political reforms.
Assad's faction, which was far smaller than the pro-Jadid faction, began recruiting Aflaqites to top positions to cement their power. Assad appealed directly to Michel Aflaq sympathizers by stating "Let us rebuild together and if we fail our heads will all be on the block together". An estimated 2,000 people responded to Assad's invitation, among them were party ideologist Georges Saddiqni and Shakir al-Fahham, one of the secretaries of the Ba'ath Party's founding congress in 1947. However, despite trying to strengthen his hold on the party, when in a 1970 Regional Command meeting its members opposed Assad's motion of appointing a figurehead to lead the party, Assad went on establishing a separate power base away from the party.
As part of his "corrective movement", Assad introduced, at the 11th National Congress, a general revision of national policy, which also included the introduction of measures to consolidate his rule. His Ba'athist predecessors had restricted control of Islam in public life and government. Because the Constitution allowed only Muslims to became president, Assad, unlike Jadid, presented himself as a pious Muslim. In order to gain support from the "ulama"—the educated Muslim class— he prayed in Sunni mosques, even though he was an Alawite. Among the measures he introduced were the raising in rank of some 2,000 religious functionaries and the appointment of an "alim" as minister of religious functionaries and construction of mosques. He appointed a little-known Sunni teacher, Ahmad al-Khatib, as Head of State in order to satisfy the Sunni majority. Assad also appointed Sunnis to senior positions in the government, the military and the party. All of Assad's prime ministers, defense ministers and foreign ministers and a majority of his cabinet were Sunnis. In the early 1970s, he was verified as an authentic Muslim by the Sunni Mufti of Damascus and made the "Hajj"—the pilgrimage to Mecca. In his speeches, he often used terms such as "jihad" (a holy war) and "shahada" (martyrdom) when referring to fighting Israel.
The coup turned Syria's social and political structures upside down. The Alawites, Assad's tribe, although no more than 12% of the population, came to occupy plum positions in every sector of life in Syria.
Economic reforms.
Assad reverted his predecessors policy of radical economic socialism, that is, an economy dominated by the state, and strengthened the private sectors role in the economy. In many ways the Corrective Movement resulted in a tacit alliance between the political elite and the Damascene bourgeoise.
Foreign policy.
The reforms also sought to normalize Syria's relations with the other Arab state (Syria had been isolated diplomatically during Jadid's short-lived rule). Assad tried to establish working relations with Egypt and Saudi Arabia to establish the "so-called Cairo–Damascus–Riyadh axis" to strengthen security cooperation against Israel. The cooperation agreement worked, and when Egypt and Syria failed to win the October War, Saudi Arabia and other oil producers stopped the selling of oil to the West.
Legacy.
Among Syrians the Corrective Movement is universally known as the 16 November Day, which is a national holiday
When the communist regimes in the Eastern Bloc collapsed, an ideological crisis within the regime was generated. However, Assad and his supporters hit back, stating that because of the "Corrective Movement under the leadership of the warrior Hafez al-Assad" the principles of economic and political pluralism, which had been introduced "by some two decades" beforehand, had already safeguarded the Syrian regime from a possible collapse.
Later, on 27 January 2000, Syrian foreign minister Farouk al-Sharaa stated "I am not exaggerating when I say that the Corrective Movement, which took place in 1970 under the leadership of Hafez al-Assad ... has crystalized for the first time in modern Arab history a mature and realistic pan-Arab ideology."

</doc>
<doc id="31231307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231307" title="Sarah Gillespie">
Sarah Gillespie

Sarah Gillespie is a British-American singer songwriter and guitarist based in London. She is known for combining poetic lyrics with gritty folk, blues and elements of jazz and for writing songs that explore and satire numerous political themes.
Biography.
Sarah Gillespie was born in London to an American mother and British father. She grew up in Norfolk, England – interspersed with numerous trips to Minnesota, where she soaked in the sounds of Bessie Smith, Bob Dylan, Cole Porter and early blues and jazz. From the age of 4, Sarah composed songs on piano, and then at 13 began playing guitar. At 18, she moved to the USA, busking in the streets and playing gigs.
On returning to London, she gained a first class degree in Film and Literature and an MA in Politics and Philosophy from Goldsmiths, University of London. Supporting Ian Dury's band The Blockheads at Ronnie Scott's jazz club one night, Gillespie met the saxophonist Gilad Atzmon, who produced Gillespie's albums "Stalking Juliet" (2009), "In the Current Climate" (2011) "Glory Days" (2013) and her anti war narrative suite "The War on Trevor" (2012).
Gillespie plays festivals, jazz clubs, arts centres and theatres in the UK and Europe. She has performed live on BBC Radio 4's "Woman's Hour", "Loose Ends", "BBC London" and Jazz FM, and received airplay on BBC Radio 2, BBC Radio 3 and local stations in Europe and America. On November 21, 2011 Gillespie was interviewed by Andrew Marr on BBC Radio 4's "Start the Week" on the emerging role of politics in the arts. She was awarded by the British PRS for Music 'Women Make Music Scheme in 2012 for her narrative music project "The War on Trevor" which she launched with 2 headline shows at Ronnie Scott's.
On her mother's side Gillespie is related to CIA London Station chief Cleveland Cram and Irish politician Richard Mulcahy.
Musical style.
Gillespie composes her material on the guitar. She cites her main influences as Tom Waits, Cole Porter, Bob Dylan early blues and jazz, poets T. S. Eliot and James Tate and the 1950s Beat Poetry movement. Her style has been described as 'mixing folk, jazz and middle eastern blues' with an emphasis on the lyrical content and delivery. "The Guardian's" jazz critic John Fordham writes "Gillespie, who joins Bob Dylan's lyrical bite and languid delivery to the forthrightness of Joni Mitchell, with a little rap-like percussiveness thrown in, is an original." Robert Shore of London's "Metro" points to "her Beat-like verbal collages ('Cinnamon ginseng bootleg bourbon Calvados Berlin') and beautifully controlled associative word strings, all delivered with her distinctive vocal mixture of dark romanticism and punkish attitude".
Gillespie's compositions with Gilad Atzmon, "Houdini of the Heart" and "Cinematic Nectar" have been described by nemurous critiques as Kurt Weillian, while Atzmon's Arabic-infused harmonies on clarinet and saxophone add middle eastern jazz elements.
Reviews.
Gillespie has received critical acclaim from "The Guardian", "Mojo", "The Independent", "The Financial Times, The" "Mail on Sunday", "Metro", "Rock n' Reel" and the UK local press. English musician Robert Wyatt described "In The Current Climate" as "an utterly wonderful new record. Expected and got in spades Sarah's unique way with words plus terrific guitar playing, inspiring production and not just great songs, but totally original music. Brilliant, the bee's knees."
Her live performances have been described as 'outstanding, vivacious and forceful'. The "Nottingham Evening Post" noted 'her verbal exchanges with fellow front-liner multi-instrumentalist Gilad Atzmon were at times hilarious and on other occasions explosive'.
Gillespie's most recent album "Glory Days" (2013) received 5 stars in "Rock n' Real Magazine", 5 stars in "Buzz Magazine", 4 stars in "the Independent" 
and 4 stars in the "Financial Times". London's "Metro" commented ‘Sarah Gillespie regularly has critics reaching for big-name comparisons. Is she the new Joni Mitchell? PJ Harvey? Bob Dylan even? Mixing jazz-folk artistry and punk attitude, third album Glory Days (Pastiche) recalls all three in places but Gillespie’s spiky lyrical gift is utterly distinctive'. 
In 2014 the album was released on vinyl by UK record label Those Old Records.
Writings and politics.
Gillespie writes articles on politics for Al Jazeera, Middle East Online and "The Palestine Chronicle". She writes about issues surrounding liberalism, Islam and the west, critiquing liberals "who imagine that their belief in equality makes them superior". In the "Arab News", Shabana Syed described Gillespie as "an artist at the forefront of the demand for change".
Gillespie also critiques the misuse of feminism in the interventionalist agenda and what she refers to as "atheist fundamentalism". She says: "The mantra of the French Revolution was: 'Freedom, equality, fraternity or death!' Pragmatically this has now unfolded into its tragic meaning: 'Be free, equal and secular - or we'll kill you.'" Gillespie is an outspoken critic of Zionism and has orchestrated several fundraising concerts for Palestinian organisations including Medical Aid for Palestinians. In October 2010, she performed alongside The Unthanks, Cleveland Watkiss, Seb Rochford, Palestinian hip hop artist Shadia Mansour and Atzmon's Orient House Ensemble at the JAZZA Festival for the Free Palestine Movement. In 2012, she wrote in Uprooted Palestinians that it was misleading to consider American Robert Bales as an "isolated maniac with anger management issues" but attribute the actions of Mohammed Merah to a Muslim-affiliated group and that to the world it is "inconceivable that it could just be him."
Some of Gillespie's lyrics have a strong political element. Reviewing "In the Current Climate", "The Jazz Breakfast" wrote: "The personal life and the sociopolitical one are blended with references to everything from the Dow Jones and the Hang Index to John the Baptist and Zeus. For "How The West Was Won", Gillespie sings an imaginary first person song of Shaker Aamer, the remaining British prisoner in Camp X-Ray".
In 2012 Gillespie released a 16 minute narrative music project, "The War on Trevor." The piece charts the travails of a Londoner (Trevor) suspected of various crimes ranging from public indecency and infidelity to terrorism, with Gillespie drawing on high profile cases including those of Jean Charles de Menezes and Moazzam Begg. Gillespie never draws us into Trevor's guilt or innocence. Instead she sketches a sinister, Kafkaesque world in which guilt and innocence have become irrelevant. Reviewing the launch at Ronnie Scott's on the 4th April 2012, Jazzwise described the piece as a "partly comic, partly deadly serious take on The War on Terror.". The Times music critique David Sinclair dubbed it 'a prog-jazz epic."

</doc>
<doc id="31231313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231313" title="Dilbarjin">
Dilbarjin

Dilbarjin (Delbarjin) is the modern name for the remains of an ancient town in modern (northern) Afghanistan. The town was perhaps founded in the time of the Achaemenid Empire. Under the Kushan Empire it became a major local centre. After the Indo-Sassanids the town was abandoned.
The town proper was about 390 x 390 m big. Dilbarjin had a city wall built under the Kushan rule. In the middle of the town there was a round citadel, built at about the same time. In the North-East corner of the town was excavated a temple complex. Here were found many wall paintings, some in a purely Hellenistic style. Originally the temple was perhaps dedicated to the Dioscuri. Outside the city walls there were still substantial buildings. Finds include inscriptions in Bactrian, most of them too destroyed to provide any historical information. There were fragments of sculpture and many coins.

</doc>
<doc id="31231322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231322" title="You Better Run">
You Better Run

"You Better Run" is a song by The Young Rascals. Written by group members Eddie Brigati and Felix Cavaliere, it was released as the band's third single in 1966 and reached the top 20 in the United States.
Critical reception.
A review in a 1966 issue of "Billboard" magazine described the song as a "big-beat wailer" and a "strong follow-up to 'Good Lovin"". 
In the book "Pioneers of Rock and Roll", author Harry Sumrall wrote that the song represented the apex of the band's sound and complimented guitarist Gene Cornish's "slashing chords". 
Allmusic's Matthew Greenwald called it "a classic garage rocker with a punkish energy showcased the band's live chops to a great effect, as well as Felix Cavaliere's awesome soul-inflected vocals." 
Music journalist Fred Bronson noted that "You Better Run" was a commercial disappointment, having peaked at number 20 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 after their previous single, "Good Lovin'", had reached number one.
Cover versions.
Pat Benatar version.
Pat Benatar recorded "You Better Run" for her second album, "Crimes of Passion" (1980). The song was released as the album's first single and peaked at number 42 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. 
The song appeared on the soundtrack to the 1980 film "Roadie". 
On August 1, 1981, the music video for the song was the second video ever broadcast on MTV, after the network premiered with "Video Killed the Radio Star". It was used on D-TV's "Monster Hits" in 1987.
Other versions.
In 1980, the Canadian rock band Toronto recorded a version of "You Better Run" on their debut album Lookin' For Trouble.
In 1966, with the band Listen, Robert Plant made his recording debut singing lead vocals on a cover version of "You Better Run", which was released as a single by CBS Records. 
Pub rock band Eddie and the Hot Rods covered the song on the group's 1981 album "Fish 'n' Chips". 
Peter Criss recorded a cover version of the song on his 1980 solo album Out of Control, his first solo album after leaving KISS.

</doc>
<doc id="31231325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231325" title="2011 Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath – Men's Singles">
2011 Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath – Men's Singles

Dmitry Tursunov claimed the title, defeating Andreas Beck 6–4, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31231328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231328" title="Intrigue (film)">
Intrigue (film)

Intrigue is a 1947 film directed by Edwin L. Marin. It stars George Raft and June Havoc.
Plot.
Court-martialed pilot Brad Dunham now flies smuggled goods into post-war China. He insists to contact Ramon Perez that he be paid more money, but the boss of this black-market operation resists, so Brad steals the cargo back.
The boss is beautiful Tamara Baranoff, who agrees to Brad's demand of a 50 percent cut of the operation and fires Ramon as a show of good faith. Meanwhile, an American newspaper reporter, Marc Andrews, a friend of Brad's, shows up in Shanghai to investigate the illegal black-market crimes being perpetrated there.
Brad meets a social worker, Linda Arnold, and their friendship makes Tamara jealous. She insists that Brad do something about the prying reporter and steer clear of that other woman. Tamara's criminal rival tips off Marc that his pal Brad is involved with the crime ring.
Marc is knifed by Tamara's rival just as he is delivering a copy of his story exposing the black market. His dying wish is that Brad deliver the story for him, telling Brad that it was Tamara whose testimony led to Brad's unjust court martial.
Brad distributes her black-market goods to needy citizens. Ramon turns up to ambush Brad, but his gun goes off, killing Tamara instead, and Ramon is placed under arrest. Brad and Linda contemplate a new life together.
Production.
The film was the first of two Raft made for his own production company, Star Films with producer Sam Bischoff. The plot was originally meant to involve smuggling blood plasma but this was changed to whisky and cigarettes at the request of Chinese-American organisations. Raft regretted this change.

</doc>
<doc id="31231333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231333" title="Young and Beautiful (Elvis Presley song)">
Young and Beautiful (Elvis Presley song)

Presley recorded it on 30 April 1957 in Radio Recorders Studio, Hollywood.
"Young and Beautiful" was released on the "Jailhouse Rock" EP (RCA Victor EPA 4114) in October 1957.. 

</doc>
<doc id="31231344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231344" title="You're a Heartbreaker">
You're a Heartbreaker

"You're a Heartbreaker" is a song recorded by Elvis Presley in December 1954 during the fourth of Presley's now-legendary eight sessions at Memphis' Sun Studio. The recording was released as the B-side of his third Sun single (Sun 215), whose A-side was a cover of Kokomo Arnold's "Milkcow Blues Boogie". 

</doc>
<doc id="31231345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231345" title="You're the Boss">
You're the Boss

"You're the Boss" is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It was originally recorded by LaVern Baker and Jimmy Ricks in 1961, for the Atlantic Records label (45-2090). The orchestra is arranged and conducted by Stan Applebaum. The single was also released in the UK, in March 1961, on the London Atlantic label as HLK-9300 b/w "I'll Never Be Free" by Benjamin and Weiss. It was released in Australia, on the same label, as HL-1785.
In France the single was released as four-track EP, Atlantic 212-025, entitled "Oui Patron". The record had a picture sleeve of Baker and also featured tracks by Baker with Ben E. King:
A version was recorded for the 1964 film "Viva Las Vegas" by Elvis Presley and Ann-Margret.
The song was included in the 1995 musical revue "Smokey Joe's Cafe".

</doc>
<doc id="31231346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231346" title="Conference of the Directors of French Engineering Schools">
Conference of the Directors of French Engineering Schools

Conférence des directeurs des écoles françaises d'ingénieurs (CDEFI) is French for "Conference of the Directors of French Engineering Schools" 
The CDEFI is a French national institution that represents the administration of all the engineering institutions that are accredited by the Commission des titres d'ingénieur (CTI) to deliver the French Diplôme d'Ingénieur.
The conference was originally an advisory body, established in 1976 and governed by Articles D.233-D.233-6 to 12 of the French Education Code, widely revised by Decree No. 2006-428 of 11 April 2006, which broadens the scope. It was then chaired by the law minister in charge of Higher Education.
Its chairman is Paul Jacquet, President of the Grenoble Institute of Technology (INPG). The CDEFI office also consists of three Vice-Chairpersons: Gerard Noyes, Director of ISTASE; Christian Lerminiaux, President of the University of Technology of Troyes; and Alain Bravo director of Supélec, the École Supérieure d'Électricité. The Managing Director is Michel Mudry, former school principal and former university president.

</doc>
<doc id="31231347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231347" title="You're the Only Star in My Blue Heaven">
You're the Only Star in My Blue Heaven


</doc>
<doc id="31231348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231348" title="Southern Medical Journal">
Southern Medical Journal

The Southern Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official publication of the Southern Medical Association. The journal is indexed and abstracted in Index Medicus, Current Contents, Science Citation Index, and EMBASE.

</doc>
<doc id="31231350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231350" title="2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres">
2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres

The Men's 60 metres event at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on March 7–8.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each semifinals qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31231357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231357" title="The Younger Brothers">
The Younger Brothers

The Younger Brothers (1949) is a Western film directed by Edwin L. Marin, and starring Wayne Morris and Janis Paige.
Plot.
Determined to reform from their outlaw ways, Cole, Jim and Bob Younger ride to Cedar Creek, Minnesota, where a parole hearing will be held. If they steer clear of trouble, the Youngers will be free to return home to Missouri and their farm.
A detective who blames the Youngers for losing his Pinkerton's job, Ryckman, is eager to get even. He goads a younger Younger brother, Johnny, into a situation at a saloon where a man is killed. Ryckman urges townspeople to turn Sheriff Knudson against all the Youngers.
Katie Shepherd, who has a lawless band of her own, fails to persuade the Youngers to side with her, so she sets a trap. Cole, taken hostage, is forced to join Katie's gang on a bank robbery or else Johnny will be harmed. Jim and Bob see their brother armed and riding with the outlaws, not knowing Cole's been given an unloaded gun.
The robbery goes wrong and Katie is killed. Ryckman continues to come after the Youngers, surrounding their campsite with the intent to lynch them. In the end, though, the Youngers are cleared of wrongdoing and able to ride away free and clear.

</doc>
<doc id="31231368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231368" title="Matthew Mead (minister)">
Matthew Mead (minister)

Matthew Mead or Meade (c. 1630 – 1699) was an English Independent minister.
Early life.
The second son of Richard Mead of Mursley, Buckinghamshire, by his wife Joane, he was born about 1630 at Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire. In 1648 he was elected scholar, and on 6 August 1649 admitted a Fellow of King's College, Cambridge. He resigned on 6 June 1651, William Cole says to avoid expulsion, owing perhaps to refusal of the engagement; but he had gained ill-will by urging the expulsion of Richard Johnson and others.
In search of a position.
Francis Charlett, rector of Great Brickhill, Buckinghamshire, died in 1653; Mead hoped to succeed him, but the patron, John Duncombe, presented Thomas Clutterbuck. Mead, on the ground that the patron's right had lapsed, obtained a presentation under the Great Seal. Duncombe appealed to the law, and a verdict for Clutterbuck was given at the Aylesbury assizes. Mead began another suit on the plea of Duncombe's malignancy. Clutterbuck resigned his title, and Duncombe, in July 1655, presented Robert Hocknell, whom the ‘commissioners for approbation’ (triers) rejected, putting in Mead by aid of a troop of horse. After some violent proceedings, the matter was compromised by Duncombe's agreeing to present William Peirce, a nephew of Hugh Peters. Mead now became morning lecturer at St. Dunstan's, Stepney, the afternoon lecturer being William Greenhill, who held the vicarage. He lived in Gracechurch Street, and was admitted a member, on 28 December 1656, of the congregational church formed at Stepney by Greenhill in 1644. On 22 January 1658 he was appointed by Oliver Cromwell to the ‘new chapel’ of St Paul's Church, Shadwell.
From Shadwell, as well as from his lectureship, Mead was displaced at the Restoration of 1660. He obtained a lectureship at St Sepulchre's, Holborn, from which he was ejected by the Uniformity Act of 1662.
Stepney congregation.
In 1663, he was living at Worcester House, Stepney. Either the Conventicle Act (1664) or the Five Miles Act, which came into operation in 1666, drove him to Holland. He seems to have been in London during the great plague of 1665. 
On 31 January 1669, he was called to Stepney as assistant to Greenhill at Stepney. Shortly after Greenhill's death he was called (13 October 1671) to succeed him as pastor, and was ordained on 14 December 1671 by John Owen, Joseph Caryl, and two others. 
In 1674, a meeting-house (opened 13 September) was built for him at Stepney; its roof was upheld by four round pine pillars, presented to him by the States of Holland; above the ceiling was an attic with concealed entrance, a hiding-place for the congregation in troubled times. 
His congregation was the largest in London. 
On 1 May 1674, he instituted a Mayday sermon to the young; he always held a Good Friday service.
About 1680, Mead became the guardian of James Peirce, the Exeter heretic, who lived in his house for some years. In December 1682 Sir William Smith with a strong guard invaded his meeting-house, pulled down the pulpit, and broke up the forms. In June 1683 Mead was apprehended on suspicion of complicity in the Rye House Plot, and brought before the privy council, where the king ordered his discharge.
Later life.
Mead succeeded John Owen in September 1683 as one of the Tuesday morning lecturers (presbyterian and congregational) at the merchants' lecture in Pinners' Hall. Pleading there on one occasion on behalf of poor ministers, he got a collection of £300., ladies putting their rings and watches into the plates. In 1686 he was again in Holland, preaching at Utrecht; he returned on King James's declaration for liberty of conscience in 1687.
After the Glorious Revolution, galleries were built (25 March 1689) in his meeting-house, and the adjoining residence and garden were settled (16 July) by the congregation on Mead and his heirs. Mead supported the movement initiated (1690) by John Howe for an amalgamation of the presbyterian and congregationalist bodies. The ‘happy union’ held its meeting at Stepney on 6 April 1691, when Mead preached his sermon ‘Two Sticks made One’ (Ezek. xxxvii. 19). On the rupture of the union (1694) over the alleged heresies of Daniel Williams, Mead took a moderate part, but remained in the Pinners' Hall lectureship when the presbyterians seceded. When Edmund Calamy applied to him (1694) for ordination he declined to act, for fear of giving umbrage to others.
He preached his last sermon on May day 1699, and died on 16 October 1699, aged 70. He was buried in Stepney churchyard; Calamy gives the Latin inscription on his tombstone. Howe preached his funeral sermon. Peirce describes him as a gentleman and a scholar. An elegy on his death, ‘Tristiæ Christianæ,’ was issued in a folio sheet, 1699.
Works.
Besides separate sermons, 1660–98, including funeral sermons for Thomas Rosewell (1692) and Timothy Cruso, he published: 
Posthumous were:
He had a hand in the ‘English Greek Lexicon,’ 1661. His farewell sermon before ejection was published separately, 1662, and also in the ‘Compleat Collection,’ 1663. He wrote a preface to ‘The Life and Death of Nathaniel Mather,’ 1689.
Family.
Married Elizabeth Walton January 3, 1653/4 at St. Mary Woolnoth Church in London. Elizabeth was from Allhallows, Lombard Street. 
He had thirteen children, of whom the physician Richard Mead was the eleventh. An elder son, Samuel, was a fellow-student with Calamy at Utrecht in 1687; published at Utrecht a ‘Disputatio,’ 1686, an ‘Exercitatio,’ 1687, and an ‘Oratio,’ 1689; in 1694 he was an evening lecturer at Salters' Hall, but was not ordained, and became a chancery practitioner.

</doc>
<doc id="31231373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231373" title="Snake River (Massachusetts)">
Snake River (Massachusetts)

The Snake River is a small river in Bristol County, Massachusetts. It flows from 
Winnecunnet Pond to Lake Sabbatia in the northern part of Taunton, Massachusetts.
It is part of the Mill River-Taunton River-Narragansett Bay watersheds. The Snake River is part of the Canoe River Aquifer Area of Critical Environmental Concern (Massachusetts) (ACEC).

</doc>
<doc id="31231394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231394" title="Fighting Man of the Plains">
Fighting Man of the Plains

Fighting Man of the Plains is a 1949 film directed by Edwin L. Marin. It stars Randolph Scott and Bill Williams.
Plot summary.
Jim Dancer (Randolph Scott) is one of Quantrill's Raiders, staging attacks on Kansas on behalf of the fallen Confederacy in the years following the Civil War. He killed an unarmed man he wrongly holds responsible for his brother's death during an attack. 

</doc>
<doc id="31231409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231409" title="Hossam Hassan (footballer born 1989)">
Hossam Hassan (footballer born 1989)

Hossam Hassan () (born April 30, 1989 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al Masry. He is the older brother of Ibrahem Hassan in Ittihad El-Shorta.
Hassan was also included in Hany Ramzy's Egypt U-23 team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He performed well as a central defensive midfielder. His good showing earned a loan move to Turkish Second division side Çaykur Rizespor on loan for one year.

</doc>
<doc id="31231424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231424" title="Military Committee for National Liberation (Mali)">
Military Committee for National Liberation (Mali)

The Military Committee for National Liberation was the body that ruled Mali by decree after the coup d'état in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31231428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231428" title="Oregon Islamic Academy">
Oregon Islamic Academy

The Oregon Islamic Academy is an Islamic based, private sixth through twelfth grade school in Tigard, Oregon, United States. It is part of the Muslim Educational Trust (MET) which is divided into a community outreach committee, a pre-kindergarten through fifth grade named the Islamic School of the Muslim Educational Trust (ISMET). The Oregon Islamic Academy (OIA) holds classes for those students in grades six through twelve.
History.
The Muslim Educational Trust was founded in 1993 by Wajdi Said, Gail Ramjan, and Ayoob Ramjan. In 1997, the trust opened an Islamic based school in Tigard. By 2006 the school had grown to 89 students at its campus near Washington Square, all in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade. The next school year, the school had grown to 125 students, and had 16 teachers.
In September 2007, the Oregon Islamic Academy opened as the high school for the educational group with a class of six students, and was the first Islamic high school to open in the Northwestern United States. A seventh grade student at the school won the poster contest held by the Human Rights Council of Washington County in 2010. Following the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan, seven students at the academy traveled to Japan to assist in the recovery. The Oregon Islamic Academy graduated its first high school class in June 2011, with two students earning their diplomas.

</doc>
<doc id="31231458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231458" title="The Cariboo Trail">
The Cariboo Trail

The Cariboo Trail is a 1950 film directed by Edwin L. Marin. It stars Randolph Scott and George 'Gabby' Hayes.

</doc>
<doc id="31231477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231477" title="Robert James Dixson">
Robert James Dixson

Robert James Dixson (May 23, 1908 – February 1, 1963) was an American writer who simplified and adapted some classic works of literature, that were later published in their new version, and wrote a number of books about the English language, especially crafted for the foreign born.
He lived in New York City and moved to Florida in the early 1950s. He died while living in Coral Gables in 1963.
He authored English language books by himself but also collaborated with others. Many of these books have been used throughout the world by those who wanted to learn or improve their knowledge of grammar, usage and pronunciation, particularly American English. Although the original editions served the intended purpose of his books, several have been re-published in different countries, most with translated notations to facilitate comprehension.
Works.
Published simplified and adapted writings (partial list)
English books (partial list)
Trivia.
Some of Dixson's work was compiled into an English course with books and cassettes, titled "Modern American English," marketed by Grolier in the late 1960s. The main speaker on the course was Leslie Daniel (1919-2011), actor and voice-over performer, best known for his role as Kurt, the lab assistant in The Brain That Wouldn't Die.
Though some of his books on the English language are known as the "Dixson's English Series," they are more often listed on the Internet as ""Dixon's" English Series."
References.
English books published abroad (partial list)

</doc>
<doc id="31231479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231479" title="Bostick Female Academy">
Bostick Female Academy

The Bostick Female Academy, also known as Triune School, is a property in Triune, Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
At one time Triune had five private schools, including a Porter Female Academy that was destroyed in 1863 in the American Civil War. On the board of the Porter Female Academy was a Dr. Jonathan Bostick, who later bequeathed funds for the Bostick Female Academy. The school was built in 1892.
The school building includes Late Victorian architecture. The listing was for an area of with just one contributing building.
The building operated as a private school until about 1900, then as a public school until 1957, and since has been used as a private home.

</doc>
<doc id="31231483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231483" title="Secrets of a Jewish Mother">
Secrets of a Jewish Mother

Secrets of a Jewish Mother is a Jewish secular culture book, published in 2010, written by Jill Zarin, Lisa Wexler, and Gloria Kamen. (Jill Zarin was one of the women featured on the TV reality show "The Real Housewives of New York City".) The book comprises recipes, advice, and parenting tips. The first paperback copies came out on March 1, 2011. The book has been the source of some controversy because of a positive good review being posted to Amazon, allegedly by Zarin under a pseudonym.
Critical reception.
"Secrets of a Jewish Mother" has received considerable media attention. The book received an award from the Connecticut Press Association and was also translated into Chinese, Russian and Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="31231485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231485" title="Raton Pass (film)">
Raton Pass (film)

Ratón Pass is a 1951 film directed by Edwin L. Marin. It stars Dennis Morgan and Patricia Neal.
Plot.
A feud in 1880 New Mexico territory pits wealthy rancher Pierre Challon and son Marc versus homesteaders on the other side of Ratón Pass.
Two strangers arrive by stagecoach, a ruthless man named Van Cleave and an attractive woman, Ann, who promptly seduces and marries Marc Challon, blissfully unaware that she's strictly in it out of greed, not love.
While he and his father are away on business, Ann offers to work out a land irrigation deal with Prentice, a banker. But when her husband returns, he finds Ann and Prentice are romantically involved and planning to swindle him.
Marc sells the ranch to Ann and his father leaves the territory. Lena Casamajor, a homesteader's niece, has always loved him. She sets off to bring Pierre back after Ann's new foreman, Van Cleave, cold-bloodedly shoots Marc in the back and also her uncle as well.
Fed up with her ways, Prentice leaves her, but Van Cleave kills him and the sheriff. The Challons are the only ones who can stop him, and they do, but not before a shot by Van Cleave accidentally kills Ann.

</doc>
<doc id="31231489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231489" title="Back River (Buzzards Bay)">
Back River (Buzzards Bay)

The Back River is a small tidal estuary in Bourne, Massachusetts on the eastern shore of Buzzards Bay. It lies just south of the Cape Cod Canal near the village of Monument Beach. It is separated from Buzzards Bay by Phinneys Harbor. The river's length is .
Since 1989 the Back River has been listed as an Area of Critical Environmental Concern by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="31231498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231498" title="Groupe des écoles nationales d’ingénieurs (Groupe ENI)">
Groupe des écoles nationales d’ingénieurs (Groupe ENI)

Groupe des écoles nationales d’ingénieurs (Groupe ENI) is French for "Group of French National Engineering Schools", a network of 5 French public engineering schools that deliver the title of Diplôme d'Ingénieur in a wide variety of fields.

</doc>
<doc id="31231525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231525" title="John Orr Young">
John Orr Young

John Orr Young (June 25, 1886 – May 1, 1976) was an American advertiser who, with Raymond Rubicam, founded the Young & Rubicam advertising agency.
His first job in advertising was at the "Salt Lake City Tribune" in 1909; in 1910, he joined Lord & Thomas, and in 1913, he was hired by Procter & Gamble to manage advertising for Crisco.
In 1918, he worked at the Armstrong agency in Chicago, where he shared an office with Raymond Rubicam. In 1921, he worked at N. W. Ayer & Son, where Rubicam was again his coworker. In 1923, Rubicam was denied a promotion to partner, and he and Young left Ayer to found their own agency.
In 1927, Young left the firm of Young & Rubicam, and in 1934 he retired from advertising.
After retirement.
In 1940, Young worked for Wendell Wilkie's unsuccessful presidential campaign. In the aftermath of the Second World War, he corresponded with Dwight Eisenhower regarding Eisenhower's presidential campaign, and is credited with beginning the "Draft Eisenhower" movement.
In 1949, Harper and Brothers published his book "Adventures in Advertising".
Family.
Young was the great-grandfather of director and producer Cynthia Wade.

</doc>
<doc id="31231530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231530" title="Rocks Tour">
Rocks Tour

The Rocks Tour was a world concert tour by the American rock group Aerosmith. The tour began on April 16, 1976, in St. Louis, Missouri, and ended on February 9, 1977, in Tokyo, Japan. Opening acts included Jeff Beck, Bob Segar, REO Speedwagon, Rush, and Nazareth.
Average Setlist.
An average setlist from the Rocks Tour would look like this,

</doc>
<doc id="31231533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231533" title="The Who 2010 performances">
The Who 2010 performances

The Who did only two major performances in 2010, one as the halftime act for Super Bowl XLIV and the other a benefit performance during the series of Teenage Cancer Trust concerts in London.
History.
The Who were selected as the halftime entertainment for Super Bowl XLIV in Miami, the next in a trend of "classic rock" acts the event had featured in recent years, such as Paul McCartney and The Rolling Stones. This was arguably the band's highest-profile performance to date, comparing only to their Live Aid and Live 8 appearances. In true Super Bowl halftime fashion, the band played a medley of well-known hits, with one song seamlessly run into the next and each song considerably abbreviated. As CBS covered the game, it was little surprise that all three of the band's songs used as CSI themes were included in the medley, which began with "Pinball Wizard" and concluded with "Won't Get Fooled Again". The group also played a short promotional acoustic date leading up to the event, their first show of any kind since April 2009.
On 30 March, the band resurrected "Quadrophenia" as part of that year's Teenage Cancer Trust benefit concerts at the Royal Albert Hall in London, with Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder and Kasabian's Tom Meighan as guest vocalists; the show also featured additional brass and string musicians, including violinist Tom Norris of the London Symphony Orchestra. This was the first performance of the rock opera since 1997, but it was presented in similar fashion with the same pre-recorded narrative shown on the video screen between songs to help explain the story.
Band members.
Additional Members
Set lists.
Acoustic Super Bowl promotional appearance.
Pete Townshend and Roger Daltrey played a short acoustic set on 4 February in Fort Lauderdale, Florida to promote their upcoming Super Bowl performance. All songs written by Townshend:
Super Bowl XLIV halftime show.
The band's set for the Super Bowl XLIV halftime show in Miami on 7 February comprised five abbreviated songs, all run together into one long medley. All songs written by Townshend:
London Teenage Cancer Trust Concert.
The group's set at this show in London was a complete performance of "Quadrophenia", with Eddie Vedder playing the part of The Godfather and Tom Meighan as The Ace Face. All songs written by Townshend:

</doc>
<doc id="31231553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231553" title="Philip Jaisohn (statue)">
Philip Jaisohn (statue)

Philip Jaisohn is a bronze statue of Seo Jae-pil, in Washington, D.C.
It was dedicated in May 2008. It is located at the Korean Consulate, at 23rd Street and Massachusetts Avenue, Washington, D.C. near the Korean Embassy.

</doc>
<doc id="31231555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231555" title="24th National Hockey League All-Star Game">
24th National Hockey League All-Star Game

The 24th National Hockey League All-Star Game was held in the Boston Garden in Boston, home of the Boston Bruins. This was the first time that the all-star game was held in Boston. The West Division All-Stars defeated the East Division All-Stars 2–1. The West's Bobby Hull was named the game's most valuable player.
The game.
Game summary.
Goaltenders : 
Shots on goal : 
Referee : Bill Friday
Linesmen : Neil Armstrong, John D'Amico
Source: Podnieks

</doc>
<doc id="31231585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231585" title="HTML5 in mobile devices">
HTML5 in mobile devices

In mobile devices, HTML5 is often used for mobile websites and mobile applications on Mobile operating systems such as Firefox OS, Sailfish OS, Tizen, and Ubuntu Touch. It provides developers with tools such as Offline Web Storage, GeoLocation API, Canvas Drawing, CSS3, and many more.
In Windows 8, developers can build HTML5, Metro Style apps.
Key features for mobile devices.
Offline support.
The AppCache and database make it possible for mobile developers to store things locally on the device and interruptions in connectivity will not affect the ability for someone to get their work done.
Offline support helps browsers cache static pages. They depend more on HTTP response headers sent by web servers to fetch HTML, CSS and multimedia required to render the web page. If everything required to render is cached, then a page loads quickly, but even if one item is not cached then everything slows down dramatically.
To provide offline support, a cache manifest file should be created to specify the offline application's resources—i.e. its pages, images, and other files needed to run offline. Typically, the manifest also contains a comment that is changed when any of the resources change, prompting the browser to refresh the cache.
The "manifest" attribute of the app's "html" element should specify the URL of the manifest file.
The proper MIME type "text/cache-manifest" should also be set on the server for the cache manifest.
Canvas drawing.
Sites can mark off a space on a page where interactive pictures, charts and graphs, game components, and other imaginations can be drawn directly by programming code and user interaction — no Flash or other plug-ins are required.
Video and audio streaming support.
Development is in the very early stages and subject to format disruption, but sites like YouTube and Pandora could one day skip Flash entirely and bring streaming audio and video, with timed playback and further features.
GeoLocation API.
This is actually not part of HTML5, but is a separate specification. The geolocation API lets you share your location with trusted web sites. (This is actually the physical location of the device or of your internet connection, decided based on some combination of GPS, accelerometers, cellphone tower triangulation, and ISP address records.) The latitude and longitude are available to JavaScript on the page, which in turn can send it back to the remote web server and show you location-aware content like local businesses or show your location on a map.
Following is the prominent API for a geolocation. 
Geolocation is an object which is part of Navigator object. It uses the getCurrentPosition() method. Finding location is an asynchronous operation as it requires the user’s permission for access. Hence callback functions for success and failure are required.
Advanced forms.
Even simple things like the improvements in HTML5 for forms could make life easier for mobile applications. Fields that can be validated by the browser are improvements for mobile devices. The more that can be handled by the browser means less time downloading JavaScript code and fewer round trips to the server if validation can be found before the form is posted.
HTML5 capabilities in top mobile devices.
A Mobile Web Metrics Report demonstrates HTML5 capabilities in mobile devices. The report checked how many HTML5 features are supported by different devices that access the mobile web.
Top 5 supported features.
GeolocationAPI, offline web application support, WebStorage, CSS3 Selectors and 2D animations are the top five supported features referred to by the term HTML5 across the top 15 mobile devices in all USA, UK, Germany, Malaysia, Australia markets examined.
Top 5 partially supported features.
Misc. Element types and attributes, extended user interaction concept, CSS3 in General, extended form concept, and extended video / audio support are the top five partially supported HTML5 features across the top 15 mobile devices in all USA, UK, Germany, Malaysia, Australia markets examined.
Top 5 not supported features.
Microdata, 3D animation rendering, FileReader API, IndexedDB, and local Device support or the WebWorkers feature respectively are the top five HTML5 features not supported across the top 15 mobile devices in all USA, UK, Germany, Malaysia, Australia markets examined.
This report concludes that HTML5 is a welcome addition to the mobile party, but it does not negate device and OS fragmentation.
Frameworks for app development.
With HTML5 and mobile web development new tools and frameworks are popping up to provide a more consistent and comprehensive HTML5 support across mobile browsers.
Such HTML5 mobile web frameworks are:
Appear IQ.
Appear IQ is a mobility platform that simplifies the development and management of context-aware hybrid mobile web applications (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript), native mobile applications as well as their integration with enterprise IT systems. It allows developers to make use of their web skills to craft powerful mobile applications that are optimized to the end user's needs.
Enyo.
Enyo is an object-oriented JavaScript cross platform and cross device application framework emphasizing modularity and encapsulation. It was originally launched for developers to create applications for the HP TouchPad with Enyo 1.0 which ran the mobile operating system WebOS version 3.0. In January 2012, Enyo 2.0 was released as an open source project with support for several mobile operating systems and browsers. Since then, Enyo has been updated to version 2.2 for support for many more mobile operating systems and browsers along many other additions of usability to the development framework.
DaVinci Studio.
DaVinci is a framework that supports HTML5 mobile app development. The tool has a WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) authoring environment in which users may drag and drop components to build applications. It also comes with a jQuery framework as well as other libraries and allows users to integrate open source libraries of their choice into the tool.
DHTMLX Touch.
DHTMLX Touch is an HTML5-based JavaScript library for building mobile web applications, in the form of UI widgets and a cross-platform application framework compatible with the major web browsers for mobile platforms. Applications built with DHTMLX Touch will run smoothly on iPad, iPhone, Android-based smartphones, and other popular devices.
Google Web Toolkit.
Google Web Toolkit is a web app framework that can be used for developing mobile html5 apps in Java, especially in combination with optimized mobile widget libraries such as m-gwt
JavaScript.
JavaScript, is a scripting language built into nearly every modern browser. In Windows 8 and Windows RT (both HTML Application and Windows Runtime), any HTML5 apps fully supported mobile operating systems (Firefox OS and WebOS, Tizen and Ubuntu Touch), event handling in HTML5 apps is made possible by JavaScript.
Jo.
Jo is a JavaScript framework for HTML5 capable browsers and devices. It was originally designed to work on mobile platforms as a GUI and light data layer on top of PhoneGap. Since its creation, Jo also works as a lightweight framework for mobile browsers, newer desktop browsers, and dashboard widgets.
jQuery Mobile.
jQuery Mobile, is a unified user interface system across all popular mobile device platforms, built on jQuery and jQuery UI.
jQTouch.
jQTouch is jQuery plugin for mobile web development on the iPhone, iPod Touch, Android 2.3+, and other forward-thinking devices. This framework is heavy on the CSS, while light on the JavaScript.
KonyOne.
KonyOne is a multichannel mobile applications platform from Kony Solutions that supports all browsers including HTML5 across channels (phones, tablets, kiosks and desktops).
M-Project.
The-M-Project is an HTML5 JavaScript framework that targets iOS, Android, BlackBerry and webOS platforms. It makes use of jQuery on the JavaScript part and contains all UI and core files with features like offline support, internationalization and more.
LungoJs.
LungoJs is a framework powered by HTML5, CSS3 for iOS, Android, BlackBerry and WebOS. It has support for touch events like tap, double-tap or swipe and does not use images (including the icons), as everything is vectorized.
MobileNationHQ.
MobileNationHQ is a web based tool that uses a visual programming paradigm to facilitate the creation of HTML5 mobile applications for iOS and android. The tool also supports the integration of custom JavaScript
qooxdoo Mobile.
qooxdoo is a universal JavaScript framework that enables you to create applications for a wide range of platforms. With its object-oriented programming model you build native-like apps for mobile devices, leveraging an integrated tool chain and a state-of-the-art GUI toolkit.
Sencha Touch.
Sencha Touch is the first HTML5 framework for mobile devices. This framework builds web applications that make sense for mobile devices. It comes with a comprehensive UI widget library, complete touch event management with CSS transitions and an extensive data package.
Smart Mobile Studio.
Smart Mobile Studio is an Object Pascal based compiler toolchain and IDE for HTML5 development. The compiler processes Object Pascal source code into a JavaScript driven web/mobile application. The IDE contains several components that can be organized in a visual designer. The Smart Pascal dialect supports various wrapping and mapping methods against the JavaScript language. Such as "codice_1 sections" that contains pure JavaScript and "codice_2 method/class directive" that defines the interface in Smart Pascal and the implementation in JavaScript.
SproutCore.
SproutCore, is an open source HTML5/JavaScript for building web and mobile apps. Through the use of PhoneGap, SproutCore applications can be wrapped into native apps that run on iOS, Blackberry and Android platforms.
ViziApps.
ViziApps is a mobile app development platform that supports creation of HTML5 web apps and hybrid apps for iPhones, iPads, Android phones, and Android tablets without coding. App developers use a drag-and-drop approach to design and build mobile apps with ViziApps and access data with Google spreadsheets, web services, SQL databases and other popular web data sources. In addition to no-coding app design, custom JavaScript can be added to include 3rd party libraries and to extend app functionality.
Worklight.
Worklight is a mobile application platform that supports the development of HTML5, hybrid and native mobile applications. The Worklight Studio - the platform's IDE - allows mobile developers to make full use of all existing HTML5 functionality as well as further enhance these capabilities with utilities and mechanisms required by modern organizations such as encryption of locally stored data, offline authentication, combined HTML5 and native coding, 3rd-party library integration with frameworks such as PhoneGap, Sencha Touch, JQuery, and more.
Appzillon.
Appzillon is a mobile application development platform from i-exceed technology solutions. Appzillon is used to develop hybrid mobile apps, web applications and supports native mobile capabilities such as calls, SMS, camera, calendar, accelerometer, etc. The proprietary IDE of Appzillon contains a grid based designer that allows drag-and-drop of widgets and charts to design HTML5 screens. Appzillon IDE provides an embedded simulator, adaptive widgets and deployment enabler. Appzillon supports integration with different types of enterprise services using their service formats.
Hybrid Mobile Apps.
A hybrid mobile application (or hybrid mobile app) is a mobile application that runs inside of a native container and leverages the device’s web browser to display locally hosted HTML pages. Hybrid mobile apps are composed mostly of HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. Device specific functionalities such as camera access, geolocation, and accelerometer readings are exposed through a JavaScript API.
Differences from Native Apps and Mobile Web Apps.
Hybrid mobile apps contain a mixture of native app and mobile web app concepts. They do contain native code but are not completely native. Typically the native code is provided by a framework and reveals a JavaScript API so that the app’s JavaScript code can perform native functions such as taking a picture with the camera. Extra functionality can also be implemented by creating native “plugin” components for the framework that perform a native task.
Unlike mobile web apps, which store source files on a server, hybrid mobile apps store HTML, JavaScript, and CSS files locally so no Internet access is required to launch a hybrid mobile app. To the user a hybrid mobile app appears to be no different from a native app; it is launched and closed in the same manner as opposed to a mobile web app, which must be accessed through the device’s web browser app.
Pros and Cons of Hybrid Apps.
Hybrid mobile apps have their pros and cons. When choosing what type of mobile application to develop it is important to keep these in mind.

</doc>
<doc id="31231590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231590" title="Fairtex Gym">
Fairtex Gym

Fairtex Gym is the name given to a number of Muay Thai gyms around the world. The original Fairtex Gym was founded in Bangkok, Thailand in 1975.
History.
The Fairtex Garments Factory Company Limited was founded by Mr. Philip Wong in 1971, selling Muay Thai training equipment and Fairtex branded T-shirts to the Thai department store market. The first Fairtex Gym was created in Bangkok. The Camp was initially established in central Bangkok but later relocated to Bangplee, about 25 km away. This location was chosen specifically to create a professional training atmosphere away from the distractions of Bangkok. The venue benefi ts from clean, fresh air and the cooling ocean breeze from the gulf of Thailand - a refreshing contrast to the noise and pollution of Bangkok.
Wong created Fairtex Promotions in 1978 when he became a promoter at the Lumpinee Stadium. In 1998, Mr. Philip Wong, Founder & Chairman, partnered with Anthony Lin, President & CEO, to open Fairtex Equipment Company Limited to manufacture, market and distribute Fairtex branded equipment and apparels worldwide. Mr. Lin was credited for building Fairtex brand into an international household name within the Martial Arts equipment and training industry. In 1999 Mr. Wong and Mr. Lin re-organised their production facilities in Thailand to meet the growing demand for Fairtex equipment worldwide. 
In 1993, a Fairtex Gym was opened in Chandler, Arizona, United States but was relocated to San Francisco, California in 1996. In 2004, Anthony Lin moved Fairtex to a new location in San Francisco. In 2007, Fairtex Mountain View was opened and Fairtex Newark, CA in 2009. In 2013, Fairtex Mountain View closed, leaving no Fairtex gym's in the United States. Nine gyms were opened in the Tokyo metropolitan area in 2004, another in Pattaya the following year and one in 2012, Fairtex in China. 
Author Sam Sheridan wrote about his time training at Fairtex in his book A Fighter's Heart. Some of his experience can also be seen in the 2002 documentary .
There are now Fairtex gyms Bangplee, Pattaya (Thailand) Arakawa, Chiba, Taito and Warabi (Japan).

</doc>
<doc id="31231600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231600" title="2011 Rochester Rhinos season">
2011 Rochester Rhinos season

Rochester Rhinos will play their sixteenth season in professional soccer and their first in the newly created USL Pro
Current roster.
"as of April 13, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="31231601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231601" title="Nestos (municipality)">
Nestos (municipality)

Nestos () is a municipality in the Kavala regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Chrysoupoli. It was named after the river Nestos.
Municipality.
The municipality Nestos was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Province.
The province of Nestos () was one of the provinces of the Kavala Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present municipality. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31231617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231617" title="The Faith">
The Faith

The Faith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31231638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231638" title="Is That All There Is? (album)">
Is That All There Is? (album)

Is That All There Is? is a 1969 studio album by Peggy Lee, featuring arrangements by Randy Newman. The eponymous title track won Lee the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Vocal Performance, Female at the 12th Grammy Awards.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Alex Henderson awarded the album four and a half stars and commented that "Everything on this LP is a gem...The LP's centerpiece, however, is Newman's hit arrangement of Leiber & Stoller's title song, which was covered by P.J. Harvey in the 1990s. Influenced by German cabaret, this half-spoken, half-sung treasure is as hauntingly soulful as it is maudlin. The song's outlook is far from optimistic; essentially, it's saying that we might as well grab our moments of pleasure and enjoyment where we can find them because ultimately, life is nothing more than a meaningless series of disappointments. But there's nothing disappointing about Is "That All There Is?", an LP that is most certainly among Lee's finest accomplishments."

</doc>
<doc id="31231651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231651" title="Apricorn, Inc.">
Apricorn, Inc.

Apricorn, Inc.' is an American designer and manufacturer of computer storage products, utilities and accessories. It was established in 1983 as a private company by Mike Gordon and Paul Brown. The company headquarters is located in Poway, California, United States. It also has branches in Canada.
Notable products.
Company's EZ Gig II Backup and Disaster Recovery Software may be used for all company's storage products. It was developed to address the rapidly expanding usage of laptops and the corresponding growth of the concern for mobile data safety.
The company's AEGIS line of external storage are plug-and-play, with necessary drivers residing within and loading upon plugin automatically. They also offer an encryption option.
They have many products and even software for computers and laptops. They're best known for their external and internal products. For example, Apricorn Inc manufactures external hard drives and USB flash drives that require a real-time 256-bit AES-XTS Hardware Encryption and a secured pin. 
In 2007, Apricorn's EZ Bus Desktop SATA 500GB drive earned "PC World"'s Best Buy distinction and top performance rating.

</doc>
<doc id="31231671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231671" title="320th Field Artillery Regiment">
320th Field Artillery Regiment

The 320th Field Artillery Regiment (FAR) is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army. A parent regiment under the U.S. Army Regimental System, the 320th FAR currently has four active elements in the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault): 1st Battalion, 320th FAR (1-320 "Top Guns")in 2nd Brigade Combat Team; 2nd Battalion, 320th FAR (2-320 "Balls of the Eagle") in 1st Brigade Combat Team; 3rd Battalion, 320th FAR (3-320 "Red Knight Rakkasans") in 3rd Brigade Combat Team; and 4th Battalion, 320th FAR (4-320 "Tomahawks") in 4th Brigade Combat Team.
Lineage.
Constituted 5 August 1917 in the National Army (USA) as the 320th Field Artillery and assigned to the 82d Division
Organized 29 August 1917 at Camp Gordon, Georgia
Demobilized 12 May 1919 at Camp Dix, New Jersey
Reconstituted 24 June 1921 in the Organized Reserves as the 320th Field Artillery and assigned to the 82d Division (later redesignated as the 82d Airborne Division)
Organized in December 1921 at Columbia, South Carolina
Reorganized and redesignated 13 February 1942 as the 320th Field Artillery Battalion
Ordered into active military service 25 March 1942 and reorganized at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana
Reorganized and redesignated 15 August 1942 as the 320th Glider Field Artillery Battalion
Withdrawn 15 November 1948 from the Organized Reserve Corps and allotted to the Regular Army
Inactivated 15 December 1948 at Fort Bragg, North Carolina
Relieved 14 December 1950 from assignment to the 82d Airborne Division
Redesignated 1 August 1951 as the 320th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion and activated at Fort Benning, Georgia
Reorganized and redesignated 22 March 1957 as the 320th Artillery, a parent regiment under the Combat Arms Regimental System
Redesignated 1 September 1971 as the 320th Field Artillery
Withdrawn 2 October 1986 from the Combat Arms Regimental System and reorganized under the United States Army Regimental System
Distinctive unit insignia.
Description.
"A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, on a palmetto tree eradicated Or a Lorraine cross Azure. Attached below and to the sides of the shield a Gold scroll inscribed “VOLENS ET POTENS” in Red letters."
Symbolism.
The shield is scarlet for Artillery; the palmetto tree, representing South Carolina, alludes to the district to which the unit was allocated. The Lorraine cross represents service in the Lorraine sector, France. 
Background.
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 320th Field Artillery Regiment, Organized Reserves on 27 July 1925. It was redesignated for the 320th Field Artillery Battalion on 23 April 1942. It was redesignated for the 320th Glider Field Artillery Battalion on 22 October 1942. The insignia was redesignated for the 320th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 15 October 1951. It was redesignated for the 320th Artillery Regiment on 24 September 1958. Effective 1 September 1971, the insignia was redesignated for the 320th Field Artillery Regiment. The insignia was amended to update the description on 3 February 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31231681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231681" title="Robert D. Mariani">
Robert D. Mariani

Robert David Mariani (born Robert Eugene Mariani, April 16, 1950) is an American lawyer and judge who serves on the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.
Early life and education.
Born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, Mariani earned a bachelor's degree in 1972 from Villanova University and a law degree in 1976 from Syracuse University College of Law.
Robert Mariani was married to Sallyann Price until her death in 2008. They have three children together, Robert Jr., Christine and Jeanne-Michele.
Professional career.
Out of law school, Mariani worked for three years (from 1976 until 1979) at a now-dissolved, Scranton law firm. He then worked as a partner at a Scranton law firm from 1979 until 1993.
Since 1993, Mariani has been a lawyer in sole private practice in Scranton, specializing in labor and employment law.
Nomination to federal district court.
On December 1, 2010, President Obama nominated Mariani to a vacant judicial seat on the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania that previously had been held by Judge James Martin Munley, who took senior status in January 2009. Mariani never received a Judiciary Committee hearing before the end of 2010, and his nomination lapsed at the end of the year. Obama renominated Mariani on January 5, 2011. On July 21, 2011, the Senate Judiciary Committee reported his nomination to the Senate floor and he was confirmed by the full Senate on October 19, 2011 by a vote of 82–17. He received his commission that same day.

</doc>
<doc id="31231686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231686" title="Denis Colin">
Denis Colin

Denis Colin is a French bass clarinettist and composer, born in Vanves, 24 July 1956.
After studying clarinet at the conservatoire in Versailles, he turned to jazz, making appearances with Steve Lacy and Alan Silva.
He was in charge of the IACP (Institute for Artistic and Cultural Perception) from 1979 to 1982 and taught jazz at the "Montreuil sous bois" conservatoire.
Among the musicians he has played with are: Celestrial Communication Orchestra, Texture (with saxophonist François Cotinaud), Bekummernis (led by Luc Le Masne), François Tusques and Archie Shepp.
He has written music for the theatre (for the Cie Tuchenn) and cinema (for Florence Miailhe). In 1991, he formed a trio with Didier Petit (cello) and Pablo Cueco (zarb) to explore world music and free jazz. The trio expanded in 1995, adding Bruno Girard or Régis Huby (violin) and Camel Zekri (guitar) to form the group Les Arpenteurs.
In 2000, Denis Colin was commissioned by Radio France to create "Dans les cordes", a piece for ten musicians. In 2001, the trio reconstituted itself again around Afro-American music, with musicians from the Minneapolis scene, for the album "Something in Common". This adventure continued in 2005 with singer Gwen Matthews, who was featured on a second American album.
Colin emerged again in 2008 with a younger, rotating ensemble, 
La Société des Arpenteurs.
The "Chicago Reader" has described him as a 'major artist'.

</doc>
<doc id="31231694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231694" title="Emmanuel Mission Senior Secondary School Jaisalmer">
Emmanuel Mission Senior Secondary School Jaisalmer

Emmanuel Mission Senior Secondary School is a co-educational English-medium high school located in Jaisalmer, a town in the state of Rajasthan, India. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).
History.
The school was established by Father V.A. Samuel and his wife Mrs Sosamma Samuel in the border town of Jaisalmer in the year 1984 with motive to impart quality education. The school was started in a small rented space in the city and was shifted to its present location in the year 1990. The school was initially affiliated to Board of Secondary Education, Rajasthan but in the year 2008 the school got affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education, Delhi.
Meaning.
Emmanuel (Immanuel) is a Hebrew word meaning "God is with us".
Infrastructure.
The school is equipped with excellent infrastructure. The classrooms are well furnished, ventilated and with provision for natural lighting. The computer lab provide students with hands on experience with computer programming. The school also has a Library cum reading room. Apart from this the school has playground, basketball court and other sports facilities which contribute to the overall development of students.

</doc>
<doc id="31231695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231695" title="KD Rahmat">
KD Rahmat

The KD ("Kapal Diraja = Royal Ship") Rahmat (Pennant number F24) was a frigate operated by the Royal Malaysian Navy.
The ship was ordered in 1966 as the KD "Hang Jebat". The design emphasised simplicity and economy but had an unusual machinery layout with a gas turbine and a diesel driving two propellers via a gearbox in a CODOG (Combined Diesel or Gas) arrangement. The ship's design served as the basis for the HTMS Makut Rajakumarn built for the Thai Navy by Yarrows. KD Rahmat was also the first ship in the region to be fitted with surface to air missile system. The Sea Cat surface to air missile system was removed during a 1982 refit and was replaced by an additional 40 mm bofors gun.
Originally configured as an anti-submarine warfare (ASW) frigate, the ship was also used as the navy's second training platform for commissioned officers and men after routine refit in 2000. To enhance its role as a training vessel and to provide more accommodation space for trainee, its weapons and sonar systems were removed during the refit. The ship was decommissioned in 2004 and handed over to Perak government in 2008. The ship was converted into museum ship in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31231701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231701" title="Vashanth Sellathurai">
Vashanth Sellathurai

Vashanth Sellethurai (born March 6, 1984), also known as Vashanth Selvadurai, is an actor and music composer. His family fled from the civil war in Sri Lanka to Denmark in 1985.
Career.
Vashanth started learning the piano at 7 and at the age of 9 he began to play keyboard for his father's drama troupe where he also learned to act.
In December 1999 he composed his first song "Welcome 2000″ which became a well known song among the public. His main instrument is the keyboard, but he also plays guitar, bass, drum, tabla, veena and various percussions. He then learned Carnatic music, which inspired him to compose melodious tunes with western Influence.
He entered an academic school in 2001 and chose music as his main subject. He acquired the basics of music composition techniques and how to analyze music production from various genres. After that he completed electronic music in a private school. In 2009, he finished B.Sc. in Medialogy and completed M.Sc. in Interactive Digital Media end of 2012 at Aalborg University.
In 2003 he released his debut album "Ilamai Inimai Puthumai" at a big music event in Denmark. His second music productions were sound tracks for K.S.Thurai's Tamil film, "Pookkal", where he also debuted as the leading film actor. The film completed 100 days in the cinemas all over the world during 2004–05.
The soundtracks for his second film "Ilampuyal", were released by director Ameer, director Vasanth, actor Shaam, producer R.B. Choudry and politician Thirumavazhavan. The function was covered by well-known TV stations Sun TV, Kalaignar TV, Raj TV and Vijay TV.
His acting and music skills where well hailed by recognized actors and directors including comedian Karunas, director Ameer and producer Kalaipuli Thanu. The film "Ilampuyal" made it up to 100 days in Tamil Nadu and was also broadcast on Kalaignar TV.
Many famous professional singers contributed to his music such as A.R.Rahman's sister Raihana, Srinivas, Karthik, Malathy, Tippu, Haricharan, Saindhavi, Roshini and Manica Vinayagam. He also worked with professional technicians such as the film editor Sathees Kurosawa, cinematographer Kichas, Dasavatharam sound FX developer Raju, E film story developer Paval Shankar and Rajinikanth daughter's Ocher studio crew.
Music style and impact.
Skilled in Carnatic music, Western classical and pop music, Vashanth has been noted to write film songs, layering instruments from differing music idioms in an improvisatory manner.

</doc>
<doc id="31231705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231705" title="William Horace Hotchkiss">
William Horace Hotchkiss

William Horace Hotchkiss (September 7, 1864 - ?) was an author of legal textbooks on bankruptcy law and Superintendent of Insurance for the State of New York.
Biography.
He was born in Whitehall, New York, on September 7, 1864. He attended schools in Albany and graduated from Hamilton College in 1886. Upon leaving college he read law with the Hon. John D. Teller of Auburn, New York, and acted as Clerk of the Surrogate's Court of Cayuga County, New York fron 1887 to 1889. In 1888 he was admitted to the New York State Bar Association.
In 1891 he went to Buffalo, New York and engaged there in the practice of the law. In 1895 he married Miss Katherine Tremain Bush, of Ithaca, New York They have two children.
He was appointed Referee in Bankruptcy in 1898 and was reappointed in
1900 and served in that capacity up to the time of his appointment as
Superintendent of Insurance. He is regarded as an authority on bankruptcy laws
and has been president of the National Association of Referees in Bankruptcy
since its formation. He is a lecturer on bankruptcy laws in law schools of
Buffalo and New York, and in Cornell University.
In 1907 Charles Evans Hughes appointed him a Commissioner for the Promotion of Uniformity of Legislation in the United States.
With other Buffalo Republicans he made an inquiry regarding the operation
of the primary election law of the State of New York and a report was drawn up
which led to the introduction of a bill in the Legislature concerning the
subject. In 1899 in association with Elihu Root and Paul D. Cravath of New
York, Mr. Hotchkiss prepared the Primary Election Law of 1899, which is still
in operation.
For years he has taken a keen interest in automobiling and is President
of the American Automobile Association, the New York State Automobile
Association and of the Buffalo Automobile Club. He prepared the automobile law
of the State.

</doc>
<doc id="31231709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231709" title="The End Is Near">
The End Is Near

The End Is Near may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31231713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231713" title="RML 64 pounder gun">
RML 64 pounder gun

RML 64-pounder gun denotes one of several British rifled muzzle-loading artillery pieces which fired a 64-pound projectile.
Guns of this type differ by their weight, expressed in hundredweight (cwt), and whether they were built from scratch or converted from existing smoothbore guns. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="31231763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231763" title="2011 OFC Champions League Final">
2011 OFC Champions League Final

The 2011 OFC Champions League Final was played over two legs between the winner of Group A Amicale from Vanuatu and the winner of Group B Auckland City from New Zealand in the 2010–11 OFC Champions League.
Auckland City won the final 6–1 on aggregate. As OFC Champions League winners they qualified for the 2011 FIFA Club World Cup as the OFC representative, entering the qualifying play-off round.
Rules.
The winners of groups A and B played in the final over two legs. The hosts of each leg was decided by draw, and announced by the OFC on 22 March 2011. The away goals rule would be applied, and extra time and penalty shootout would be used to decide the winner if necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="31231764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231764" title="Sipho Tshabalala">
Sipho Tshabalala

Sipho Tshabalala (January 10, 1888 – September 8, 1939) is considered to be one of the most influential Swazi novelists during the British occupation of Swaziland. Sipho wrote only five novels in his life, though all were censured by the British government. His most famous book, "Kati ya Shujaa", (English: "Among the Brave") offered a detailed description of the Swazi's feelings towards the European interlopers. 
Sipho was born in Lobamba, the current-day capital of Swaziland. He received basic education from his father, who was educated by British missionaries. From his father, he learned the history of the Swazis, as well as how to write. 
"Kati ya Shujaa" (1924) focuses primarily on Sipho's father's experiences during the Second Boer War. The book is written in the form of a narrative, following the elder Tshabalala in his campaigns with the South African Republic leader Koos de la Rey. "Among the Brave" was censured by the British upon release, but quickly gained popularity with Swazi independence. 
Sipho went on to publish three other books, two being novels and the third a collection of poetry, before his death in 1928 at the hands of an undiagnosed disease. In spite of his popularity, his death went relatively unnoticed due to the early events of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31231769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231769" title="Governor Hughes">
Governor Hughes


</doc>
<doc id="31231773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231773" title="General Artemas Ward">
General Artemas Ward

General Artemas Ward is a bronze statue by Leonard Crunelle at Ward Circle, at the intersection of Nebraska Avenue and Massachusetts Avenues in Northwest, Washington, D.C.
As a part of bequest of George Artemas Ward, great grandson of the general, to Harvard University, the sculpture was funded for $50,000. 
Increases in the cost of bronze made an equestrian memorial un-affordable.
It was dedicated on November 3, 1938, and authorized by (45 Stat. 689). The base of the statue bears this inscription:
ARTEMAS WARD<br>
1727-1800<br>
SON OF MASSACHUSETTS<br>
GRADUATE OF HARVARD COLLEGE<br>
JUDGE AND LEGISLATOR<br>
DELEGATE 1780-1781 TO THE CONTINENTAL CONGRESS<br>
SOLDIER OF THREE WARS<br>
FIRST COMMANDER OF THE PATRIOT FORCES
As part of American Revolution Statuary in Washington, D.C. the statue is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="31231778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231778" title="Radim Nečas (footballer born 1988)">
Radim Nečas (footballer born 1988)

Radim Nečas (born 12 January 1988) is a Czech footballer who plays for FK Pardubice, on loan from FK Dukla Prague. He has represented his country at under-21 level.
Career.
Early career.
Nečas made his Gambrinus liga debut for Slavia Prague in August 2006 as a substitute in a match against Teplice. He went on to make a total of four league appearances for Slavia, all as a substitute.
Nečas joined Mladá Boleslav from Slavia in January 2007, signing a four-year contract.
Having failed to make a single league appearance for Boleslav in his first year, Nečas moved to Czech 2. Liga side Dukla Prague on loan in January 2008. Nečas did not make his league debut for Boleslav until August 2008, when he appeared as a substitute against Sparta. He made a total of seven league appearances for Boleslav, all as a substitute, in the 2008–09 Gambrinus liga.
The following season, Nečas played just 20 minutes of first-team football before the end of the year, coming on as a substitute against Baník Ostrava. He moved on loan to Slovácko in February 2010 until the end of the season, where he made five appearances including his first Gambrinus liga start. During this time he also made his debut for the Czech Republic under-21 team. However he was one of eight players released by Slovácko at the end of the season.
Dukla.
In July 2010, Nečas moved to Dukla permanently. In the 2010–11 season Nečas was limited to seven league appearances, all as a substitute. However he did score his first goal for Dukla in April 2011 against Sparta Prague B after coming on as a 54th-minute substitute. Dukla finished the season as winners of the 2010–11 Czech 2. Liga and were promoted to the Gambrinus liga. 
In the first half of the 2011–12 Gambrinus liga, Nečas found it difficult to break into the starting line up, making just two substitute appearances. In the winter break he moved to FC Graffin Vlašim on loan for the remainder of the season.
Personal life.
He is the son of Radim Nečas, a former national team player.

</doc>
<doc id="31231782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231782" title="World Sleep Day">
World Sleep Day

The World Sleep Day is an annual event organized by the World Sleep Day Committee of the World Association of Sleep Medicine (WASM) since 2008. It is aimed to celebrate the benefits of good and healthy sleep and to draw society attention to the burden of sleep problems and their medicine, education and social aspects; to promote sleep disorders prevention and management. 
Through the World Sleep Day the WASM tries to raise awareness of sleep disorders and their better understanding and preventability, and to reduce the burden of sleep problems on society that constitute a global epidemic and threaten health and quality of life for as much as 45% of the world's population.
Annual celebration.
The World Sleep Day is held annually on the Friday of the second full week of March. The first World Sleep Day was held on 14 March 2008. Events involving discussions, presentations of educational materials and exhibitions take place around the world and online. 

</doc>
<doc id="31231792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231792" title="Ancient Murphy Greatest Hits of the 20th Century Vol. 1">
Ancient Murphy Greatest Hits of the 20th Century Vol. 1

Ancient Murphy: Greatest Hits of the 20th Century Vol. 1 is a compilation album of tracks by The Ancestors both previously unreleased and from their released albums.

</doc>
<doc id="31231793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231793" title="Brigadoon (The Ancestors album)">
Brigadoon (The Ancestors album)

Brigadoon is the third album by the rock group The Ancestors.
Track listing.
Produced by The Ancestors.
"Syd" produced, engineered, and mixed by Eddie Kramer. Additional production on "Churches" by Eddie Kramer.

</doc>
<doc id="31231794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231794" title="The Enemies Dance">
The Enemies Dance

The Enemies Dance is the second album by the rock group The Ancestors.

</doc>
<doc id="31231798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231798" title="Halyvourgiki S.A.">
Halyvourgiki S.A.

Halyvourgiki S.A. () has historically been one of the main steel producers in Greece and the second largest after Viohalko. It effectively started business in 1925 as a trading company, moving into wire production in 1932 and steel production in 1938.
Production was modernized and expanded after World War II, with the company moving production into a new factory in Elefsina in 1953. The following years were its "golden age", as a construction boom connected with the Greek economic miracle lead to a huge increase in demand for steel.
Halyvourgiki faced serious economic problems during the economic crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Greece, but has managed to survive following through a modernization program, involving new products and technologies. Its huge, brightly colored facilities have almost become a landmark of the Elefsina area. 

</doc>
<doc id="31231828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231828" title="George Phillips Odom, Jr.">
George Phillips Odom, Jr.

George Phillips Odom, Jr (born 1941) is an American artist and amateur geometer, who is primarily known for his work on the golden ratio (formula_1).
Life and work.
Odom garnered some recognition early in his career for his light machines made from fibre optics, that he exhibited at the "Knoll International Gallery" in Manhattan in the 1960s. Later his career faltered somewhat and he could not repeat his early success. Odom suffered from depressions which ultimately culminated in a suicide attempt and a subsequential hospitalization at the "Hudson River Psychiatric Center" in Poughkeepsie, where he became a permanent resident since the early 1980s.
Odom became interested in geometry after visiting an exhibition by Buckminster Fuller in the 1960s. In the mid 1970s he contacted the Canadian geometer Coxeter as he felt his art work was of some mathematical interest as well. This led to longtime correspondence with Coxeter and another mathematician father Wenniger, a monk from Minnesota, that spanned over several decades. The two mathematicians became one of Odom's few remaining regular contacts to outside world, after he had moved to the "Hudson River Psychiatric Center", where he led a rather isolated life otherwise. Their correspondence was not only about mathematical topics, but it comprised matters of philosophy, psychology, religion and world affairs as well. In mathematics Odom was particularly interested in various geometric shapes and the golden ratio. He discovered the occurrence of golden ratio in a few elementary geometrical figures, where it had not been noticed before. The two mathematicians communicated Odom's results to other people in their lectures and conversations, and Coxeter incorporated them into some of his publications as well. Best known of these is the construction of the golden ratio with the help of an equilateral triangle and its circumcircle. Coxeter posed Odom's construction in the form of a problem, that was published 1983 in the American Mathematical Monthly as problem #E2007:
Odom also found another construction of the golden ratio, that is based on an equilateral triangle:
Odom used 3-dimensional geometrical shapes in his artwork, which he examined for occurrences of the golden ratio as well. There he discovered two simple occurrences in platonic solids and their circumscribed spheres. 
For the first one you connect the midpoints A and B of 2 edges of a tetrahedron surface and extend them one side so that the extended line intersects the circumscribed sphere in C, then B divives AC according to the golden section. This construction also yields the situation of problem #E2007 from above, if one cuts this 3-dimensional figure along the plane in which the tetrahedron surface is embedded.
The second occurrence is in a cube. If you connect the centers A and B of any two cube surfaces and extend them again, such that the extended line intersects the circumscribed sphere in C, then B will divide AC according to the golden section.
The Princeton mathematician John Horton Conway visited Odom in Poughkeepsie in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31231830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231830" title="Andrea Caccese">
Andrea Caccese

Andrea Caccese (born 16 July 1988) is an Italian singer-songwriter, guitarist and musician.
Biography.
Early life.
Caccese was born in Naples, Italy, but his family moved several times within the country, only to later relocate back in 2001.
Andrea showed very little, if any, interest in school, focusing instead on listening to music and scribbling lyrics and poems during lessons. The interest in music became prominent as the young Caccese became heavily inspired by punk rock music to start playing guitar and singing. The budding musician was a part of few high school bands before starting The Wisers in late 2007.
Current life.
After barely getting through mandatory education, Caccese quit University to focus on music on a full-time basis. His former band, The Wisers, managed to release two albums and tour most of Europe within 2007 and 2010, before splitting up for good. Caccese got briefly involved in the recording project U.A.R. shortly after the end of his former band and worked as a freelance production assistant and columnist for Neapolis Festival, FreakOut Magazine and other establishments.
Having traveled extensively throughout Europe, Caccese eventually relocated to Sweden in 2010, where he began to perform as a solo artist under the moniker Songs For The Sleepwalkers, exploring genres such as folk, post-rock and experimental pop. In late 2011, Caccese became a founding member of alternative rock group I Used To Be A Sparrow alongside Swedish musician Dick Pettersson
Music.
The Wisers.
Andrea Caccese was the main songwriter, singer and guitarist in his former band, The Wisers, active from late 2007 until late 2010. The group released an album (The Wisers - The less you know, the more you live - Songcast Music) and an EP (The Fall - Sit Still Promotion). The recordings gained good reviews and enough exposure within the European underground music scene to get the band on two headlining European tours, including gigs in Italy, Germany, Austria, England, Scotland, Ireland, Switzerland, Sweden, Danmark and the Netherlands.
The Wisers broke up in 2010, a few months after releasing their last EP. All the band's catalog has been released via Songcast Music through major online music retailers and aggregators (such as iTunes, Amazon, Napster, Emusic, LastFM and more). The full band discography has been set available for free download on bandcamp after the hiatus.
Songs For The Sleepwalkers.
After relocating to Sweden, Caccese appeared in a few solo shows in Sweden, England, Italy and Spain, mainly performing acoustic renditions from his former band's repertoire and a few cover songs. While on the road, Caccese released an EP under his own name, featuring songs recorded in apartments, hotel rooms, trains and airports all over Europe in late 2010. With the help of Swedish cellist Nadja Ali, Caccese developed the EP into a full-length album, Our Rehearsed Spontaneous Reactions adopting Songs For The Sleepwalkers as a moniker . The album is essentially a folk record with an intimate, lo-fi approach, featuring elements of electro, post rock, pop and prog among other styles.

</doc>
<doc id="31231844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231844" title="List of Australian film directors">
List of Australian film directors

Australian Film Directors in Alphabetical Order.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
Y
Z
See also: Cinema of Australia

</doc>
<doc id="31231857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231857" title="Rance Pless">
Rance Pless

Rance Pless (born December 6, 1925, at Greeneville, Tennessee) is a retired American professional baseball player. A third baseman, first baseman and outfielder over the course of a 14-year professional career, he played part of one season of Major League Baseball with the 1956 Kansas City Athletics. He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Pless' career began in the New York Giants' minor league organization as an outfielder in 1947. In nine seasons in the Giants' farm system, he won two batting championships, in the 1952 Double-A Southern Association (.364) and the 1955 Triple-A American Association (.337). After the latter season, he was acquired by the Kansas City A's, who played him in 48 games as a third baseman, first baseman and pinch hitter during 1956. Pless collected 23 hits in 85 at bats, including three doubles and one triple. He also played part of that season for the Triple-A Richmond Virginians.
Pless retired from baseball after the 1960 season with a career minor league batting average of .303 in 1,755 games.

</doc>
<doc id="31231889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231889" title="321st Field Artillery Regiment">
321st Field Artillery Regiment

The 321st Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Lineage.
Constituted 5 August 1917 in the National Army as the 321st Field Artillery and assigned to the 82d Division
Organized 2 September 1917 at Camp Gordon, Georgia
Demobilized 26 May 1919 at Camp Dix, New Jersey
Reconstituted 5 June 1930 in the Organized Reserves; concurrently consolidated with the 321st Field Artillery (active) (constituted in July 1923 in the Organized Reserves as the 452d Field Artillery and organized in Georgia; redesignated 5 October 1929 as the 321st Field Artillery and assigned to the 82d Division) and consolidated unit designated as the 321st Field Artillery, an element of the 82d Division (later redesignated as the 82d Infantry Division)
Reorganized and redesignated 30 January 1942 as the 321st Field Artillery Battalion
Ordered into active military service 25 March 1942 and reorganized at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana
Reorganized and redesignated 15 August 1942 as the 321st Glider Field Artillery Battalion; concurrently relieved from assignment to the 82d Infantry Division and assigned to the 101st Airborne Division
Inactivated 30 November 1945 in Germany
Redesignated 18 June 1948 as the 518th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion
Withdrawn 25 June 1948 from the Organized Reserve Corps and allotted to the Regular Army
Activated 6 July 1948 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Inactivated 1 April 1949 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Activated 25 August 1950 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Inactivated 1 December 1953 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Activated 15 May 1954 at Fort Jackson, South Carolina
Redesignated 1 July 1956 as the 321st Airborne Field Artillery Battalion
Relieved 25 April 1957 from assignment to the 101st Airborne Division
Reorganized and redesignated 31 July 1959 as the 321st Artillery, a parent regiment under the Combat Arms Regimental System
Redesignated 1 September 1971 as the 321st Field Artillery
Withdrawn 28 February 1987 from the Combat Arms Regimental System, reorganized under the United States Army Regimental System, and transferred to the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command
Withdrawn 15 January 1996 from the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command
Currently the regiment includes the 1st, 2d, and 3d battalions on active status and the 4th, 5th, and 6th battalions on inactive status.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, two lion’s paws issuing out of the dexter and sinister base points chevron-ways Or. Attached below and to the sides of the shield a Gold scroll inscribed “NOLI ME TANGERE” in Red letters. 
The shield is scarlet for Artillery. The lion’s paws are significant of Field Artillery, which may be likened to a mountain lion whose paw has great strength and power in felling and crushing a victim. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 452d Field Artillery Regiment on 1 February 1927. It was redesignated for the 321st Field Artillery Regiment on 21 November 1930. It was redesignated for the 321st Field Artillery Battalion on 15 April 1942. It was redesignated for the 321st Glider Field Artillery Battalion on 14 October 1942. It was redesignated for the 518th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 26 September 1951. The insignia was redesignated for the 321st Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 31 July 1956. On 25 February 1958, it was redesignated for the 321st Artillery Regiment. The insignia was redesignated for the 321st Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971.
Coat of arms.
Blazon.
Gules, two lion’s paws issuing out of the dexter and sinister base points chevron-ways Or. 
On a wreath Or and Gules, a cannon barrel palewise Sable winged Argent behind a lion sejant affronté with two heads addorsed of the first armed and langued Azure grasping in each forepaw a round of the third and surmounted by an escutcheon per pale Gules and of the fifth an annulet Argent, on a chief of the like three fleurs-de-lis Azure. 
Motto
NOLI ME TANGERE (Don’t Tread On Me).
Symbolism.
The shield is scarlet for Artillery. The lion’s paws are significant of Field Artillery, which may be likened to a mountain lion whose paw has great strength and power in felling and crushing a victim. 
The lion with one head facing forward and the other backward, brandishing a round in both directions, refers to the organization’s claim to have been the unit of the 101st Airborne Division to fire the first and the last rounds on German soil. The winged cannon stands for the former designation of the organization as a Glider Field Artillery Battalion and its assignment during World War II to the 101st Airborne Division. The red and blue escutcheon is from the arms of Bastogne; the annulet represents the enemy encirclement of that objective and refers to the unit’s distinguished action in its defense during World War II. The three fleurs-de-lis stand for the organization’s first war service, i.e., participation in three campaigns in France during World War I.
Background.
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 452d Field Artillery Regiment on 1 February 1927. It was redesignated for the 321st Field Artillery Regiment on 14 November 1930. It was redesignated for the 321st Field Artillery Battalion on 14 April 1942. It was redesignated for the 321st Glider Field Artillery Battalion on 14 October 1942. It was redesignated for the 518th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion and amended to delete the Organized Reserves crest on 26 September 1951. The insignia was redesignated for the 321st Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 31 July 1956. On 25 February 1958, it was redesignated for the 321st Artillery Regiment. It was amended to add a crest on 22 April 1966. The insignia was redesignated for the 321st Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31231945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231945" title="Craddock Moor stone circle">
Craddock Moor stone circle

Craddock Moor Stone Circle or Craddock Moor Circle is a stone circle located near Minions on Bodmin Moor in Cornwall, UK. It is situated around half a mile Northwest of the The Hurlers (stone circles).
Description.
The circle consists of sixteen fallen stones with one remaining possible stump, all considerably overgrown making it one of the harder circles to find on the moor. John Barnatt has suggested that the circle was situated so that the summit of Brown Willy marked the midsummer sunset.
It is nearby to Craddock Moor stone row and an embanked enclosure. Christopher Tilley noted what he called a "possible axis of movement" linking the stone row, an embanked enclosure, the circle and the Hurlers. As these cannot be seen from each other, he commented "It is difficult to imagine how such a striking alignment could occur purely by chance."
Archaeology.
One of the first archaeological surveys of Bodmin Moor, including Craddock Moor Circle was carried out c. 1800 by Nicholas Johnson and Peter Rose.
Folklore.
Chris Barber and David Pykitt suggested that Craddock Moor is named after the ancient British King of Arthurian legend Caradoc who has been linked to the Pendragon Caractacus who fought the Romans.

</doc>
<doc id="31231950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231950" title="James Pollock (artist)">
James Pollock (artist)

James Pollock (born 1943, South Dakota) is an American artist currently living in Pierre, South Dakota. Pollock has been characterized as a "South Dakota painter whose work is a bridge between the abstract and the concrete. His style varies widely, sometimes drawing on the abstract styles reminiscent of artists of the early 20th-century Bauhaus school, characterized by strong lines and bold colors, sometimes resembling ancient cave paintings, and sometimes straightforward renderings of landscapes and objects." Pollock is an active plein air painter and member of the South Dakota Plein Air Artists movement.
Early Years and Education.
Pollock grew up in Pollock, a small town in North Central South Dakota, named after his great grandfather Robert Y. Pollock. Pollock had an early interest in art which was encouraged by an aunt. In 1965 He graduated with a major in art from South Dakota State University, Brookings, South Dakota.
U. S. Army Vietnam Combat Artists Program.
In 1966 James Pollock was drafted into the U. S. Army. In 1967 while working as a postal clerk at Camp Ames army base in South Korea Pollock applied for assignment to the U. S. Army Vietnam Combat Artists Program. He was accepted into the program and from 15, August 1967 through 31 December 1967 he served on U. S Army Vietnam Combat Artist Team IV (CAT IV). Art completed by Pollock during his assignment as a Vietnam soldier-artist is in the permanent U.S. Army Art Collection, maintained by the U.S. Army Center of Military History (CMH), Washington, D.C. Pollock's art has been included in traveling exhibits organized by the U.S Army Center of Military History. The collection of the Emil A. Blackmore Museum in Indianapolis, Indiana also includes a piece of Pollock's art from the Vietnam era.
From October 27, 2000 through January 7, 2001, Pollock's work produced while a member of the Vietnam Combat Artists Program was exhibited in "THE ART OF COMBAT: Artists and the Vietnam War, Then and Now", mounted by the Indianapolis Art Center in Indiana.
In 2003 James Pollock presented a lecture about the U. S. Army Vietnam Combat Artists Program at the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. sponsored by the Library of Congress Professional Association (LCPA) Veterans Forum in the Mary Pickford Theater. This was the first public presentation where the historical collection of Vietnam war art was presented in the context of individual artists and their particular teams and time frames.
In 2010 the National Constitution Center in partnership with the U.S. Army Center of Military History and the National Museum of the United States Army presented a major exhibit entitled "Art of the American Soldier" that included pieces done by Pollock during his service in the Vietnam Combat Artists Program.
Post-Military Art Career.
After discharge from the army, Pollock worked as staff artist for Dakota North Plains Corporation, (publishers of the "DAKOTA FARMER" magazine) in Aberdeen, South Dakota. In 1973 Pollock went to work as a graphic artist and illustrator for the State of South Dakota making design and illustrative contributions to state publications including the "SOUTH DAKOTA CONSERVATION DIGEST".
In 1976 Pollock produced a set of 10 limited edition silkscreen prints depicting the terrain and wildlife of South Dakota that were exhibited for sale at Mount Rushmore. "DAKOTA SURVIVAL", a print of a pen and ink drawing of three bison in a prairie blizzard proved the most popular.
In the mid 1970s eight South Dakota artists, including Pollock, banded together and formed the South Dakota Western Artists Association (SDWAA).
James Pollock was named Artist of the Year by the South Dakota Cowboy and Western Heritage Hall of Fame (now known as South Dakota Hall of Fame) in 1980, the first year the award was given. 
In 1983 Pollock was commissioned to produce a series of posters for the South Dakota Centennial Project.
In 1985 Pollock began experimenting and creating art with a computer.
In 1987. Pollock was chosen to design the first issue gold and silver bullion pieces for the State of South Dakota. The design of two bison standing on the prairie (referred to as the double bison) appears on one side, the official South Dakota State Seal appears on the other side. Pollock was appointed to the South Dakota Arts Council in 1988 by then Governor George S. Mickelson. In 1992 James Pollock and two other South Dakota artists, (Mick Harrison and Norm Feugen) traveled to Calgary, Alberta, Canada and exhibited their art in the USA Pavilion at EQUI-FAIR 92.
In 1999 Yugoslav artist Zlatko Vasic organized an exhibition titled "The Last Waltz" at the Greek Cultural Center in Stockholm, Sweden to raise money to restore the Museum of Modern Art in Belgrade. The exhibit featured original art by 11 artists from four countries including the United States, Sweden, Italy and Yugoslavia. James Pollock was one of 4 Americans invited to participate.
James Pollock was one of seven South Dakota Plein Aire Artists (SDPAA) invited by the South Dakota Symphony Orchestra to sketch, paint and interpret music live on stage during the performance of "Pictures At An Exhibition" at a 2005 concert in the Washington Pavilion in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. This mixing of live symphony music and artists painting live on stage in front of a public audience was the first of its kind in South Dakota.
Pollock is a founding member of Artists of the Black Hills (ABH), an association of professional artists and other interested parties that organized in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31231968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231968" title="Namibian general election, 2014">
Namibian general election, 2014

A general election will be held in Namibia in 2014 to elect a new National Assembly of Namibia as well as a new President. Current President Hifikepunye Pohamba is unable to stand for re-election due to term limits.
Political parties.
SWAPO.
In 2008, the SWAPO Central Committee wrote a policy document which stated that the party's candidate would be chosen for each election among the top four Committee members. In March 2011, SWAPO declared that whomever is the party's vice-president following forthcoming party elections would also be the party's candidate in 2014 for president. Some high-level party members, particularly Kazenambo Kazenambo, advocated that SWAPO chooses a non-Ovambo candidate, as the first two Presidents, Sam Nujoma and Pohamba, were from the Ovambo people. Others advocated the selection of a woman. SWAPO indicated that the candidate would be chosen democratically in the 2012 party election.
Candidates.
22 candidates will contest the 2014 presidential election according to incumbent president Pohamba.
Hage Geingob - SWAPO

</doc>
<doc id="31231973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231973" title="2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres">
2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres

The Women's 60 metres event at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on March 7–8.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each semifinals qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31231977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231977" title="The Failure Epiphany">
The Failure Epiphany

The Failure Epiphany is the second album produced by Erica Dunham, under the moniker of Unter Null. 

</doc>
<doc id="31231988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231988" title="Japan Nuclear Cycle Development Institute">
Japan Nuclear Cycle Development Institute

The Japan Nuclear Cycle Development Institute (JNC) was formed in October 1998 to develop advanced nuclear energy technology to complete the nuclear fuel cycle, particularly fast breeder reactors, advanced reprocessing, plutonium fuel fabrication and high-level radioactive waste management. It succeeded the Power Reactor and Nuclear Fuel Development Corporation (PNC). It merged with the Japan Atomic Energy Research Institute (JAERI) in October 2005, becoming the Japan Atomic Energy Agency (JAEA).

</doc>
<doc id="31231995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31231995" title="Rood of Grace">
Rood of Grace

The Rood of Grace was a crucifix kept at Boxley Abbey in Kent in southeast England. It was a mechanized likeness of Jesus, described by one Protestant iconoclast as an ingenious contraption of wires and rods that made the eyes move like a living thing, and considered spiritually inspirational and a destination for pilgrimages by many of the faithful, including a young Henry VIII. After the dissolution of the monasteries, the newly Protestant government used the Rood as an occasion to denounce the Roman Catholics.
According to tradition, the Rood was brought to Boxley Abbey on a stray horse. Considering that a miracle, the monks of the abbey took the crucifix. William Lambarde, in his 1570 book, "Perambulation of Kent", describes how the Rood was created by an English carpenter taken prisoner by the French in order to ransom himself. According to various reports, the Rood was able to move, shed tears, foam at the mouth, turn and nod its head, and make various facial expressions. 
After the dissolution of the monasteries, the Rood was paraded around various market towns, including Maidstone, Kent. On 12 February 1538 John Hilsey, Bishop of Rochester, denounced the Rood of Grace as a fraud, exhibited its machinery and broke it to pieces. The Rood was eventually burned in London along with numerous other statues of Roman Catholic saints.
According to Reilly, sermons and reports by the Protestant iconoclasts who attacked the Rood presumed that the Catholic authorities were misrepresenting the Rood; however, "Catholic audiences had seen mechanical theatrical "mirabilia" or miracles in the medieval cycle plays for generations." (Reilly notes an animated serpent winding around the tree in the garden, mechanical jaws of hell, and cords used to make a dove descend at Pentecost.). The Protestant iconoclasts who presented the Rood as a fraud perpetuated by deceitful monks on gullible followers stood to gain politically from spreading that version of the story, yet Groeneveld argues the Rood was, in its time, "acknowledged, even advertised, to be a mechanical marvel".

</doc>
<doc id="31232003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232003" title="Astro convention">
Astro convention

Astro is a contract bridge bidding convention used to intervene over an opponent's one notrump (1NT) opening bid. The name is derived from the initials of the surnames of its inventors - Paul Allinger, Roger Stern and Lawrence Rosler.
Astro employs a 2-level overcall in a minor suit when holds an unbalanced hand with at least nine cards in two suits, at least one of which is a major; hand strength should be unsuitable for, or not strong enough for a penalty double, typically no more than 15 points. The minor suit overcalls are artificial and carry the following meanings: 
When playing Astro but not holding the prescribed two-suited hand, the following calls are available over the 1NT opening by the opponents:
Subsequent bidding.
For purposes of subsequent bidding, the major suit indicated by the Astro Intervenor is termed the “anchor major”; the cheapest unbid suit is called the "neutral" suit.
Depending upon action taken by the responder to the 1NT opener, Advancer may:
Intervenor rebids include:
Variations.
In the following variations of Astro, the overcalls indicate more specific information about suit combinations:<br>
Defense against Astro.
Responder to the 1NT opener may:
Alternative conventions.
Several other bidding conventions use a variety of schemes to compete against a 1NT opening; these include: Aspro, Asptro, Brozel, Cappelletti, DONT, Landy and Ripstra.

</doc>
<doc id="31232018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232018" title="Drumlane">
Drumlane

Drumlane () is a monastery located in Milltown, County Cavan, Ireland. Located at the monastic site is an abbey, church and round tower which date back to 555. Drumlane was founded by Saint Columba, although Saint Mogue is generally associated with the monastery's foundation, evidence suggests that the foundation of Drumlane is older than his time. In 1261 the monastery was burned by the O'Rourkes, a rival clan of the O'Reillys of East Breifne.
The original monastic buildings were made of wood, but were replaced in the 12th century when the monastery was taken over by the Augustinians. The Round Tower is the most distinguished part of the monastery, a tall circular stone structure that stands beside the church and is the only remaining round tower in the Diocese of Kilmore.
R.C. Curates of Drumlane.
Drumlane parish had two curacies, one at Drumlane and one at Staghall
Staghall Curates
Milltown Curates

</doc>
<doc id="31232031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232031" title="Murph the Surf (film)">
Murph the Surf (film)

Murph the Surf is a 1975 film based on a jewel burglary involving the surfer Jack Roland Murphy, who had the nickname "Murph the Surf". Starring Robert Conrad and Don Stroud, it was directed by Marvin J. Chomsky.

</doc>
<doc id="31232050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232050" title="Chloe Coscarelli">
Chloe Coscarelli

Chloe Kay Coscarelli (born October 14, 1987) is a vegan chef and author. She was the first vegan to ever win a culinary competition on television.
Career.
Coscarelli's stated goal is to bring delicious, meat-free dishes to a mainstream audience. She was a contestant in "Cupcake Wars" and her vegan cupcakes wowed the judges and garnered her first prize. Coscarelli is a graduate of UCB, where she discovered her love for cooking while sneaking baked goods into the library and making cakes for her friends. A summer internship at Millennium, a San Francisco gourmet vegan restaurant, led to a course of study at The Natural Gourmet Institute in New York City. Coscarelli followed that with entry into Cornell University's Plant-Based Nutrition program.
Coscarelli was featured in the Cooking Channel television documentary "The Veg Edge" and has appeared on NBC's The Today Show, CBS's The Doctors, VH1, CNN, HLN's Jane Velez-Mitchell Show and the Fran Drescher Show. In 2012, Coscarelli published her first cookbook, entitled "Chloe's Kitchen". In 2013, her second cookbook, "Chloe's Vegan Desserts", was published.

</doc>
<doc id="31232053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232053" title="Deaf studies">
Deaf studies

Deaf Studies are academic disciplines concerned with the study of the deaf social life of human groups and individuals including anthropology, economics, geography, history, political science, psychology, social studies, and sociology. The Deaf studies comprise the scientific study of the deaf-related aspects of the world.
Deaf studies includes the study of:

</doc>
<doc id="31232058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232058" title="Mortgage industry of the United Kingdom">
Mortgage industry of the United Kingdom

The Mortgage industry of the United Kingdom has traditionally been dominated by building societies, but from the 1970s the share of the new mortgage loans market held by building societies has declined substantially. Between 1977 and 1987, the share fell drastically from 96% to 66% while that of banks and other institutions rose from 3% to 36%. There are currently over 200 significant separate financial organizations supplying mortgage loans to house buyers in Britain. The major lenders include building societies, banks, specialized mortgage corporations, insurance companies, and pension funds.
Mortgage lenders.
Over the years, the share of the new mortgage loans market held by building societies has declined. Between 1977 and 1987, it fell drastically from 96% to 66% while that of banks and other institutions rose from 3% to 36%. The banks and other institutions that made major inroads into the mortgage market during this period were helped by such factors as:
By the early 1990s, UK building societies had succeeded in greatly slowing if not reversing the decline in their market share. In 1990, the societies held over 60% of all mortgage loans but took over 75% of the new mortgage market – mainly at the expense of specialized mortgage loans corporations. Building societies also increased their share of the personal savings deposits market in the early 1990s at the expense of the banks – attracting 51% of this market in 1990 compared with 42% in 1989. One study found that in the five years 1987-1992, the building societies collectively outperformed the UK clearing banks on practically all the major growth and performance measures. The societies' share of the new mortgage loans market of 75% in 1990-91 was similar to the share level achieved in 1985. Profitability as measured by return on capital was 17.8% for the top 20 societies in 1991, compared with only 8.5% for the big four banks. Finally, bad debt provisions relative to advances were only 0.4% for the top 20 societies compared with 2.8% for the four banks.
Though the building societies did subsequently recover a significant amount of the mortgage lending business lost to the banks, they still only had about two-thirds of the total market at the end of the 1980s. However, banks and building societies were by now becoming increasingly similar in terms of their structures and functions. When the Abbey National building society converted into a bank in 1989, this could be regarded either as a major diversification of a building society into retail banking – or as significantly increasing the presence of banks in the residential mortgage loans market. Research organization Industrial Systems Research has observed that trends towards the increased integration of the financial services sector have made comparison and analysis of the market shares of different types of institution increasingly problematical. It identifies as major factors making for consistently higher levels of growth and performance on the part of some mortgage lenders in the UK over the years:
Mortgage types.
The UK mortgage market is one of the most innovative and competitive in the world. There is little intervention in the market by the state or state funded entities and virtually all borrowing is funded by either mutual organisations (building societies and credit unions) or proprietary lenders (typically banks). Since 1982, when the market was substantially deregulated, there has been substantial innovation and diversification of strategies employed by lenders to attract borrowers. This has led to a wide range of mortgage types.
As lenders derive their funds either from the money markets or from deposits, most mortgages revert to a variable rate, either the lender's standard variable rate or a tracker rate, which will tend to be linked to the underlying Bank of England (BoE) repo rate (or sometimes LIBOR). Initially they will tend to offer an "incentive deal" to attract new borrowers. This may be:
These rates are sometimes combined: For example, 4.5% 2 year fixed then a 3 year tracker at BoE rate plus 0.89%. 
With each incentive the lender may be offering a rate at less than the market cost of the borrowing. Therefore, they typically impose a penalty if the borrower repays the loan within the incentive period or a longer period (referred to as an "extended tie-in"). These penalties used to be called a "redemption penalty" or "tie-in", however since the onset of Financial Services Authority regulation they are referred to as an early repayment charge.
Self-certification.
Mortgage lenders usually use salaries declared on wage slips to work out a borrower's annual income and will usually lend up to a fixed multiple of the borrower's annual income. Self-certification mortgages, informally known as "self cert" mortgages, are available to employed and self-employed people who have a deposit to buy a house but lack the sufficient documentation to prove their income.
This type of mortgage can be beneficial to people whose income comes from multiple sources, whose salary consists largely or exclusively of commissions or bonuses, or whose accounts may not show a true reflection of their earnings. Self cert mortgages have two disadvantages: the interest rates charged are usually higher than for normal mortgages and the loan to value ratio is usually lower.
These types of mortgages are banned from April 2014. Although they haven't been banned by the Financial Services Authority yet, they are increasingly rare to find since the UK credit crunch when banks have become much more risk adverse and with recent mortgage market reforms MMR where lenders are now required to demonstrate affordability.
100% mortgages.
Normally when a bank lends a customer money they want to protect their money as much as possible; they do this by asking the borrower to fund a certain percentage of the property purchase in the form of a deposit.
100% mortgages are mortgages that require no deposit (100% loan to value). These are sometimes offered to first time buyers, but almost always carry a higher interest rate on the loan.
Together/Plus mortgages.
A development of the theme of 100% mortgages is represented by Together/Plus type mortgages, which have been launched by a number of lenders in recent years.
Together/Plus Mortgages represent loans of 100% or more of the property value - typically up to a maximum of 125%. Such loans are normally (but not universally) structured as a package of a 95% mortgage and an unsecured loan of up to 30% of the property value. This structure is mandated by lenders' capital requirements which require additional capital for loans of 100% or more of the property value.
UK mortgage process.
Arrangement fees and survey fees are components of the Cost of moving house in the United Kingdom.
Arrangement fees.
UK lenders usually charge a fee for setting up the mortgage.
Survey fee.
The arrangement fee will be followed by a valuation fee, which pays for a chartered surveyor to visit the property and ensure it is worth enough to cover the mortgage amount. This is not a full survey so it may not identify all the defects that a house buyer needs to know about. Also, it does not usually form a contract between the surveyor and the buyer, so the buyer has no right to sue in contract if the survey fails to detect a major problem. For an extra fee, the surveyor can usually carry out a building survey or a (cheaper) "homebuyers survey" at the same time. However, the buyer may have a remedy against the surveyor in tort.
International comparisons.
In the UK variable-rate mortgages are more common, unlike the fixed-rate mortgage common in the United States. Home ownership rates are comparable to the United States, but overall default rates are lower. In the UK, mortgage loan financing relies less on securitized assets (such as mortgage-backed securities) than the United States, Denmark, and Germany, and more on deposits like Australia and Spain, since funds raised by building societies must be at least 50% deposits. Thus, lenders prefer variable-rate mortgages to fixed-rate mortgages to reduce potential interest rate risks between what they charging in mortgage interest and what they are paying in interest for deposits and other funding sources. Prepayment penalties are still common, whilst the United States has discouraged their use. Like Europe and the rest of the world, but unlike most of the United States, mortgages loans are usually not nonrecourse debt, meaning debtors are liable for any loan deficiencies after foreclosure.

</doc>
<doc id="31232074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232074" title="Attica (film)">
Attica (film)

Attica is a 1980 television film directed by Marvin J. Chomsky. It stars Henry Darrow and Charles Durning. It depicts the 1971 Attica Correctional Facility riot and its aftermath.

</doc>
<doc id="31232096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232096" title="Leona Maguire">
Leona Maguire

Leona Maguire (born 30 November 1994) is an Irish amateur golfer. As of 11 September 2011, she is ranked 6th in the world on the Women's Amateur Golf rankings. A native of County Cavan, her parents are schoolteachers Declan and Breda Maguire. At the age of 9, she gave up a promising swimming career to concentrate on golf. She is 15 minutes younger than her twin sister Lisa who is also an accomplished golfer.
Career.
2006
In August 2006 at the age of 11, Leona came joint third in the under-12 World Golf Championship at Pinehurst in North Carolina. Her twin sister Lisa Maguire beat off more than 800 competitors from 30 countries to become the new under-12 world champion. In September 2006 the twins were chosen to bring the Ryder Cup trophy to the stage during the presentation ceremony after Europe's win at the K Club against the USA.
2007
On 6 May 2007, Leona became the youngest winner of the Hermitage Ladies Scratch Cup at the age of 12. She also won the St. Leonard's Scottish U-16 Open; Connacht Girls U-18 Championship; Ulster U-19 Schools Championship; The Darren Clarke 2007 Girls Championship; Girls Interprovincial Championship and was Runner-up in the Midland and Leinster Championships.
2008
In March 2008 at the age of thirteen, Leona won the French Under-18 International title in Paris. On 4 May 2008 she successfully defended the Hermitage Ladies Scratch Cup. On 21 May 2008, Leona won the Lancome Irish Ladies Close Championship at Westport, County Mayo. She beat her twin sister Lisa by 3 and 2 in the final. On 19 July 2008, the positions were reversed when Lisa triumphed over her sister 4 and 3 in the final of the Lancome Irish Girls Close Championship at Mullingar Golf Club. It was the first time in the history of Irish Golf that the Irish Champions of both the Ladies and Girls events come from the same family let alone twin sisters. On 26 July 2008, Leona finished runner-up to her sister who beat her by four shots in the European Young Masters at Chantilly, France. As a result both twins were picked for the European Junior Ryder Cup Team which later lost to the USA at Olde Stone, Bowling Green, Kentucky on 17 September 2008.
2009
In April 2009, Leona won the French International Lady Juniors U21 Amateur. On 26 April 2009, at the age of 14, Leona won the Helen Holm Scottish Women's Open Amateur Strokeplay Golf Championship played at Troon Portland and Troon Old Course after a final round score of 73 for a 54 hole aggregate score of −6, 219. Her sister Lisa came third.
On 11 July 2009, the twins were part of the four girl Ireland team which defeated Sweden 4–1 in the final of the Girls' European Team Championships at Kokkola, Finland to become European Champions for the first time in Irish golfing history. Leona played for Great Britain and Ireland in the Vagliano Trophy in July 2009, becoming the youngest player at the age of 14 ever to represent the side, along with her twin sister, Lisa Maguire. The twins were the joint top highest scorers for the GB & I side which lost to Europe 13–11. Both twins were selected for the 2009 Junior Solheim Cup Team at the Aurora Country Club, Illinois, USA in August. Leona won the Irish Ladies Golf Union Order of Merit award for 2009.
2010
On 5 April 2010, Leona won a second consecutive title at the French Under 21 Open and retained the Esmond Trophy. She played for Great Britain and Ireland in the Curtis Cup in 2010, becoming the youngest player at the age of 15 ever to represent the side, along with her twin sister Lisa. In the same month Leona again made more history as the youngest match play qualifier in the British Ladies Amateur over the Royal St David's Links at Harlech, Wales.
2011
In January 2011, Maguire won the Portuguese Ladies Amateur Open by 15 strokes. In April, she won a second consecutive French Under 21 title. In June 2011 Maguire won the Irish Women's Open Strokeplay title. In August she won the British Ladies' Open Stroke Play Championship by six shots, the youngest player to ever win the event. Leona was chosen along with her sister Lisa in the European side which earned a 12–12 draw against the USA in the PING Junior Solheim Cup at Knightsbrook in Meath on 21 September. Leona scored the maximum three points in the event. In December, Leona and her sister Lisa were named jointly as the Women's Amateur of the Year at the AIB Irish Golf Writers' awards for 2011. Leona Maguire won the LEAR Silver medal as the second-ranked player to Stephanie Meadow in the Ladies' European Amateur Rankings (LEAR) at the end of 2011.
2012
On 22 April 2012, Leona became the first Irish golfer to win the Irish Girls Open Strokeplay championship, held at Roganstown Golf Club. She beat an international field by eight shots. On 10 June 2012, Leona was part of the Great Britain & Ireland Curtis Cup team which defeated the USA at Nairn, Scotland by 10.5 points to 9.5 points. On 20 June 2012, Leona won the Irish Women's Close Amateur Championship at the County Louth Golf Club, for the second time in her career.
2013
On 5 May 2013 Leona won the Hermitage Scratch Cup at Hermitage Golf Club in Lucan, Dublin.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="31232104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232104" title="Libya Alhurra TV">
Libya Alhurra TV

Libya Alhurra TV (), meaning Free Libya TV, is an Internet television channel founded by Mohamed Nabbous on 19 February 2011 at the start of the Libyan civil war. It was the first private television station in Benghazi, in the east of the country.
The channel's purpose is to provide the world with news and exclusive on-ground footage from Benghazi during the civil war. 
Libya Alhurra TV was the only TV broadcast from Benghazi when Muammar Gaddafi shut down Internet lines as the war began. (A rebel-controlled "radio" station, Voice of Free Libya, was also broadcasting from Benghazi at that time.) Alhurra TV was able to bypass government blocks on the Internet in order to broadcast live images from Benghazi across the world. 
On 19 March 2011, Nabbous was killed by pro-Gaddafi troops during the Second Battle of Benghazi. His wife Perdita, announcing his death on the same day, vowed to continue with the channel in his stead, and requested original contributions of raw footage from pro-opposition individuals both inside and outside the country.

</doc>
<doc id="31232131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232131" title="Leonard Crunelle">
Leonard Crunelle

Leonard Crunelle (July 8, 1872 in Lens, Pas-de-Calais – 1944) was an American sculptor.
After immigrating to the United States, he worked as a coal miner in Illinois.
Lorado Taft discovered him. He studied at the Art Institute of Chicago with Taft.

</doc>
<doc id="31232140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232140" title="Davenport Register of Historic Properties">
Davenport Register of Historic Properties

This is a list of the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in Davenport, Iowa, United States.
The historic preservation movement began in the city of Davenport in the mid-1970s with the renovation of several historic structures. A comprehensive study of the city's neighborhoods, districts and architecture was begun in 1978. The study was conducted in three phases. The first two phases were carried out from 1979 to 1982 and the third phase from 1982 to 1983. The results were published in two volumes. "Davenport—Where the Mississippi Runs West" reported on the first two phases and "Davenport Architecture—Tradition and Transition" reported on the third phase. A Multiple Resource nomination was submitted to the National Register of Historic Places that included 12 districts, more than 1,650 buildings on 350 parcels. By March 1985 all the districts and 249 properties were listed on the national register. 
The Historic Preservation Commission was established in 1992, and the historic preservation ordinance was passed the same year. Davenport became a Certified Local Government in the state of Iowa. It was now responsible to review local projects participating in state and national preservation programs. It was also able to exercise some control over the modification and/or demolition of historic buildings in the city. The historic preservation ordinance also allowed the establishment of a local register of historic properties. The first four properties were added in 1992. As of 2012, there are 53 properties listed, of which 24 are individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places and 14 are contributing properties in a national historic district on the national register.
Current listings.
The list below contains properties on the Davenport Register of Historic Places in alphabetical order:

</doc>
<doc id="31232162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232162" title="Shafir shooting attack">
Shafir shooting attack

The Shafir shooting attack was a guerrilla assault carried out by Palestinian militants on April 11, 1956. Two Palestinian militants whom infiltrated to Israel from Jordan opened fire on a synagogue full of children and teenagers, in the farming community of Shafir, killing three children and a youth worker and injuring five, three of them seriously.
The attack.
An Arab-Palestinian militant squad infiltrated Israel from Egypt. They enter the village Shafir during the evening of 11 April 1956. Two armed militants entered the synagogue of the village and opened fire into a crowd of 46 children aged 9–16. Three children and an instructor were killed in the incident. Five children were injured, three of them in serious condition.

</doc>
<doc id="31232183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232183" title="Willem Eggert">
Willem Eggert

Willem Eggert, (Amsterdam, 1360 - Purmerend, 15 July 1417) was a Dutch politician, noble, banker and schepen of Amsterdam. He owned much land in Weesp, Monnickendam, Oosthuizen, Aalsmeer and Wognum.
Eggert was the son of the rich landholder Jan Eggert. In 1392 he became advisor to Albert I, Duke of Bavaria, count of Holland. In 1404 he was made treasurer of Amsterdam. Eggert was the financier to the count and a powerful member in Holland. In 1410 Eggert was styled 1st Lord of the free and high fief Purmerend and Purmerland. In the same year he was allowed, by count William VI of Holland, to build his own fortified castle, Slot Purmerstein. Constructions on the castle finished in 1413. Between 1416 and 1417 Eggert was named a stadtholder of Holland. His son Jan Eggert succeeded his father as Lord of Purmerend and Purmerland.

</doc>
<doc id="31232187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232187" title="377th Field Artillery Regiment">
377th Field Artillery Regiment

The 377th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army. A parent regiment under the U.S. Army Regimental System, the regiment's 2nd Battalion, 377th Field Artillery Regiment is assigned to the 4th Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division.
History.
First activated on 16 August 1942 at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana, as the 377th Parachute Field Artillery Battalion (377th PFAB), the 377th PFAB, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Weisberg, participated in the development of doctrine for the employment of Parachute Artillery. After training in the United States, the battalion sailed to England, arriving in Liverpool on 18 October 1943. During late 1943 and early 1944, the battalion participated in training in preparation for Operation Overlord.
On 6 June 1944, the 377th PFAB participated in Operation Overlord, the Normandy Invasion, parachuting onto Drop Zone A east of St. Mere Eglise in support of the 502nd Parachute Infantry Regiment. The drop went poorly, and the battalion lost 11 of its 12 75mm pack howitzers. The Paratroopers of the battalion fought as infantrymen until replacement howitzers arrived on 14 June 1944. The battalion executive officer, Major Louis H. Cotton, was wounded during the drop and had to be evacuated.
Inactivated on 30 November 1945 after the war's end, the 377th was redesignated on 18 June 1948 as the 515th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion, allotted to the Regular Army on 25 June 1948, and activated at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky, as part of the 101st, then serving as a training division that was Airborne in name only. The battalion was inactivated on 15 April 1949 at Camp Breckinridge then reactivated on site on 25 August 1950, two months after the beginning of the Korean War. It was inactivated again on 1 December 1953 at Camp Breckinridge.
The unit was reactivated again in a training role in the 101st on 15 May 1954 at Fort Jackson, South Carolina, and redesignated on 1 July 1956 the 377th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion. It was reorganized and redesignated on 25 April 1957 as the 377th Artillery, an element of the 101st Airborne Division, the colors of which were transferred, less personnel and equipment, to Fort Campbell, Kentucky, for duty as a combat division.
The lineage of the battalion's Battery A was reorganized and reactivated as Battery A, 377th Artillery (Airborne), one of five field artillery batteries in the division. Battery A remained with the 101st until 21 May 1965 when the division reorganized again, this time to brigades and battalions.
Battery A was reactivated on 20 December 1968 in Vietnam as an aviation artillery battery employing observation helicopters, being co-located with the division at Gia Le. it was redesignated on 1 September 1971 as Battery A, 377th Field Artillery, and inactivated on 15 June 1986 at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, and relieved from assignment to the division during an Army-wide reflagging of combat units.
The lineage of Battery A was redesignated on 16 May 1996 as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 1st Battalion, 377th Field Artillery (1-377th FA), and activated at Fort Bragg, North Carolina (organic elements concurrently constituted and activated), as an air assault battalion under the 18th Field Artillery Brigade (Airborne). On 1 October 2005 the battalion was redesignated as the 1st Battalion, 377th Field Artillery "Regiment". When the brigade was reorganized and redesignated as the 18th Fires Brigade in early 2007, 1-377th was transferred to the 17th Fires Brigade at Fort Lewis, Washington, where it remained until 23 October 2013, when it was inactivated as part of Army force reductions.[http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/fa/0377fa01bn.htm]
The lineage of Battery B followed a path similar to that of Battery A until the dawn of the Pentomic era, when it was relieved from 101st on 25 April 1957, redesignated on 19 July 1957 as Battery B, 377th Artillery, assigned on 1 September 1957 to the 82d Airborne Division and activated at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. It was inactivated 8 July 1965 at Fort Bragg when the division reorganized away from the Pentomic structure. It was redesignated on 1 September 1971 as Battery B, 377th Field Artillery, relieved on 1 April 1974 from assignment to the 82d, and concurrently redesignated as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 2d Battalion, 377th Artillery, and activated in Germany (organic elements concurrently constituted and activated) in a non-Airborne role under the 210th Field Artillery Group (later Brigade), a corps-level unit. The battalion was inactivated on 16 July 1987 as part of an Army-wide reflagging of combat units.
The unit was redesignated on 15 October 2003 as Battery B, 377th Field Artillery and activated on 16 December 2003 in Afghanistan, then redesignated on 1 October 2005 as Battery B, 377th Field Artillery Regiment. It was redesignated again on 16 November 2005 as the 2d Battalion, 377th Field Artillery Regiment and assigned to the 4th Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division (organic elements concurrently activated), again in an Airborne role.[http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/fa/0377fa02bn.htm]
The lineage of the former Battery C, 377th PFAB was active in the early 1960s as HHB, 3d Battalion, 377th Artillery, a unit of the 11th Air Assault Division (Test) at Fort Benning, Georgia. It was inactivated when the assets of the 11th and the 2d Infantry Division were merged to form the 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile) in 1965.
Lineage.
Constituted 24 June 1921 in the Organized Reserves as the 377th Field Artillery and assigned to the 101st Division (later redesignated as the 101st Airborne Division)
Organized in November 1921 with Headquarters at Green Bay, Wisconsin
Reorganized and redesignated 30 January 1942 as the 377th Field Artillery Battalion
Redesignated 15 August 1942 as the 377th Parachute Field Artillery Battalion; concurrently, inactivated, withdrawn from the Organized Reserves, and allotted to the Army of the United States
Activated 16 August 1942 at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana
Inactivated 30 November 1945 in France
Redesignated (less Battery D) 18 June 1948 as the 515th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion (Battery D concurrently converted and redesignated as the Support Company, 506th Airborne Infantry - hereafter separate lineage)
Allotted 25 June 1948 to the Regular Army
Activated 6 July 1948 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Inactivated 15 April 1949 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Activated 25 August 1950 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Inactivated 1 December 1953 at Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky
Activated 15 May 1954 at Fort Jackson, South Carolina
Redesignated 1 July 1956 as the 377th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion
Relieved 25 April 1957 from assignment to the 101st Airborne Division; concurrently, reorganized and redesignated as the 377th Artillery, a parent regiment under the Combat Arms Regimental System
Redesignated 1 September 1971 as the 377th Field Artillery
Withdrawn 15 January 1996 from the Combat Arms Regimental System and reorganized under the United States Army Regimental System
Redesignated 1 October 2005 as the 377th Field Artillery Regiment
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, an open parachute attached to a cannon flotant across a flash Or. Attached below and to the sides of the shield a Gold scroll inscribed “FIRMITER ET FIDELITER” in Red letters. 
The scarlet of the shield is for Field Artillery. The floating parachute with the cannon attached is symbolic of airborne functions of the organization. The motto: Firmiter et Fideliter (Steadfastly and Faithfully) is expressive of the characteristics of the personnel in performance of their duties. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 377th Parachute Field Artillery Battalion on 14 November 1942. It was redesignated for the 515th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 26 September 1951. It was redesignated for the 377th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 31 July 1956. On 26 February 1958, the insignia was redesignated for the 377th Artillery Regiment. The insignia was redesignated for the 377th Field Artillery Regiment on 25 January 1972.
Coat of arms.
Gules, an open parachute attached to a cannon flotant across a flash Or. 
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules, on a mound Vert a griffin, the lower (lion) part of the first and the upper (eagle) part including wings Argent, holding in dexter talons a trident bendwise sinister Azure, the tines impaling a fleur-de-lis of the first, the shaft terminating in an arrowhead of the fifth inflamed Tenné and the sinister talons resting on the top of a shield per pale Gules and of the firth within a border of the fourth. 
Motto
FIRMITER ET FIDELITER (Steadfastly and Faithfully). 
The scarlet of the shield is for Field Artillery. The floating parachute with the cannon attached is symbolic of airborne functions of the organization. 
The griffin is a fabulous animal half eagle and half lion. The eagle alludes to the organization having served with the 101st Airborne (Screaming Eagle) Division in World War II and the lion to England, where it underwent training and from whence it “took off” for its air assault drops on Normandy and the Netherlands. The trident refers to “Operation Neptune” which launched the invasion of Normandy symbolized by the fleur-de-lis, an emblem of France, impaled on the tines, and alludes to the Normandy air drop. The arrowhead and orange flames (orange is the Netherlands’ national color) refers to the air drop on the Netherlands. The red and blue shield, suggested by the coat of arms of Bastogne, refers to the gallant defense of Bastogne, and has been “surrounded by” a border in allusion to the town being surrounded by the enemy and is white to simulate snow, the action having taken place during winter. The green mound refers to the Rhineland campaign and Southern Germany. 
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 377th Parachute Field Artillery Battalion on 14 November 1942. It was redesignated for the 515th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 26 September 1951. It was redesignated for the 377th Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 31 July 1956. On 26 February 1958, the insignia was redesignated for the 377th Artillery Regiment. It was amended to add a crest to the coat of arms on 16 November 1964. The insignia was redesignated for the 377th Field Artillery Regiment on 25 January 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31232206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232206" title="Samuel Angier">
Samuel Angier

Samuel Angier (1639–1713) was an English nonconformist minister, one of the first after 1660 to receive presbyterian ordination.
Life.
The nephew of John Angier, he was born at Dedham 28 August 1639, and was a pupil of Richard Busby. He went to Christ Church, Oxford, in 1659, but was compelled to leave by the Act of Uniformity 1662.
After some time staying with John Owen he settled as assistant to his uncle at Denton. His ordination, which took place in 1672 at the house of Robert Eaton in Deansgate, Manchester, was the first presbyterian ordination amongst the nonconformists in the north of England, and perhaps the first in any part of the kingdom. 
At his uncle's death many people supported Samuel Angier as his successor. The warden and fellows of Manchester, however, were not disposed to appoint another nonconformist, and the Rev. John Ogden was nominated; but great difficulty was experienced in inducing Samuel Angier to give up possession of the house. He retired to the adjacent village of Dukinfield. 
He had to suffer for his nonconformity, and in 1680 was excommunicated; but under the Act of Toleration in 1689 he became minister of a dissenting meeting at Dukinfield, where a chapel was built for him in 1708. In his later years he was almost blind, and died 8 November 1713. Angier kept a register of 'christenings and some marriages and funerals' from 1677 to 1713. One entry relates to the death, 20 February 1698, of another Samuel Angier, who is believed to have been a minister of the 'ancient chapel' of Toxteth Park, Liverpool.

</doc>
<doc id="31232207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232207" title="Marcel Franke">
Marcel Franke

Marcel Franke (born 5 April 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Hallescher FC. 
Career.
Franke is a product of Dynamo Dresden's youth setup, and was promoted to the first team in 2010. He made his debut in March 2011, when he replaced Sascha Pfeffer in a 3. Liga match against SV Wehen Wiesbaden. In Summer 2013 he was signed for Hallescher FC by former Dynamo Dresden coach Sven Köhler.

</doc>
<doc id="31232208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232208" title="William Palmer (novelist)">
William Palmer (novelist)

William J. Palmer (born 1943) is a professor of English and the author of the "Mr. Dickens" series of Victorian murder mysteries. Academically, Palmer has written books and articles on the nature of literary criticism and the history of film.
Dr. Palmer received his doctorate in English from the University of Notre Dame in 1969, and taught at Purdue University beginning in 1969. He attained the rank of full professor there and is now professor emeritus. He received Purdue's "Charles B. Murphy Outstanding Undergraduate Teaching Award" for academic year 1998-1999, and he was a member of the elite "Purdue Teaching Academy".
Mr. Dickens series.
Dr. Palmer is perhaps most noted for his four historical murder mysteries about "Mr. Dickens" (Charles Dickens). These were selections of The Literary Guild, The Book of the Month Club, The Mystery Guild, and The Doubleday Book Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="31232231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232231" title="Dance in Venezuela">
Dance in Venezuela

Origins.
Most of Venezuela's dances originated in Europe in the 19th century, but some originated in the Caribbean, and others have African origins.
Joropo.
The Joropo is the national dance of Venezuela. It originated in Spain and was most likely brought over in the 19th century. The Joropo consists of 36 steps and is a dance for couples.
Baile de Tambor.
Baile de Tambor, also known simply as tambor, is a dance of Afro-Venezuelan origins that is danced to the poly rhythms of the countries surviving African percussion traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="31232233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232233" title="Companions of the Rass">
Companions of the Rass

The Companions of the Rass, known alternatively as the People of the Well or the People of Ar-Rass, were an ancient community, who are mentioned in the Qur'an. The Qur'an provides little information concerning them other than to list them with other communities, including ʿĀd, Thamud, the People of Noah and others; the Qur'an groups all these communities together as wicked nations who all perished for their sin. Muslim scholars related that the Companions of the Rass were a community near Azerbaijan. The root meaning of "rass" is a well or water pit but some scholars have stated that Rass was the name of the city itself.
Account in Exegesis.
Other documents of Islamic literature give little information on the place or people of this particular community. However, Ibn Kathir states in his "Stories of the Prophets" that the prophet sent to them was a man named Hanzalah, the son of Sifwan. Exegesis narrates that the people of this community threw the prophet into a well, with some accounts narrating that he died in the well and others narrating that he survived.

</doc>
<doc id="31232239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232239" title="John Langston Gwaltney">
John Langston Gwaltney

John Langston Gwaltney (1928–1998) was an African-American writer and anthropologist focused on African-American culture, best known for his book "Drylongso: A Self Portrait of Black America".
Academic background.
Gwaltney earned a BA from Upsala College in 1952, an 1957 MA from the New School for Social Research in 1957, and a Ph.D. in anthropology from Columbia University in 1967. He was a professor of anthropology at the University of Syracuse in New York.
"Drylongso".
"Drylongso" is a collection of Gwaltney's transcriptions of oral interviews with whom he described as "core black people", ordinary men and women who made up black America. In the interviews, he asked people to define their culture. The book includes a glossary of African American terms, and interviews with 42 people from the Northeast United States. The title is from an African-American word, "drylongso", which is used to mean "ordinary", in reference to the social status of the interviewees. In a terse introductory statement chosen by Gwaltney from an interviewee not included in the broader text, factory worker Othman Sullivan says "I think this anthropology is just another way to call me a nigger." The New York Times described it as "The most expansive and realistic exposition of contemporary mainstream black attitudes yet published."

</doc>
<doc id="31232251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232251" title="Mystic Cottage">
Mystic Cottage

Mystic Cottage was a historic U.S. home located at 105 Magnolia Road, Pinehurst, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="31232263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232263" title="Grey Eyes">
Grey Eyes

Grey Eyes is the third studio album by a Canadian indie pop band The Salteens. Released on October 12, 2010, this was a new studio album by the band 7 years after they released their second studio album "Let Go of Your Bad Days". 
This is the band's first album with Carrie Tennent as a member. Erin Jane, who was in the band for the album "Let Go of Your Bad Days", had left the band.
Track listing.
"All songs by Scott L.D. Walker (SOCAN); except 'Savings and Loans' words by Carrie Tennant, music by Scott L.D. Walker."

</doc>
<doc id="31232273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232273" title="2001–02 Everton F.C. season">
2001–02 Everton F.C. season

During the 2001–02 English football season, Everton competed in the FA Premier League.
Season summary.
The Everton directors finally lost patience with Walter Smith when they sacked him on 13 March. Preston boss David Moyes was named as his successor, and did a good job of steering Everton clear of the drop zone – though they finished 15th in the table.
Kit.
Everton retained the previous season's kit, manufactured by Puma and sponsored by one2one.
Final league table.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
1Since Arsenal qualified for the Champions League, their UEFA Cup place as FA Cup winners defaulted to Chelsea, the losing finalists.
2Blackburn Rovers qualified for the UEFA Cup as League Cup winners
3Despite relegation, Ipswich Town qualified for the 2002–03 UEFA Cup Qualifying Round as Fair Play Award winners
Results.
"Everton's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/2001-2002/faprem/everton.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="31232284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232284" title="Emmanuelle in Rio">
Emmanuelle in Rio

Emmanuelle in Rio is a 2003 made-for-television erotic film, directed by Kevin Alber and produced by Alain Siritzky from a script by Alber (as Ura Hee).
Synopsis.
Erotic adventuress Emmanuelle journeys to Brazil, where, as an internationally renowned fashion photographer, she continues her indiscriminate encounters with a number of denizens of "The Marvelous City".

</doc>
<doc id="31232291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232291" title="Marek Hanousek">
Marek Hanousek

Marek Hanousek (born 6 August 1991) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FK Dukla Prague. He has represented his country at under-21 level.
Club career.
Dukla.
Hanousek played in the Czech 2. Liga with Dukla from 2009. In an August 2010 match against Viktoria Žižkov, Hanousek was shown a red card for a foul on Igor Sukenník in the penalty area after 88 minutes. The game, having been tied 1−1, was won from the subsequent penalty kick by Žižkov striker Miroslav Marković. Dukla lost just two more times that season to finish the 2010–11 Czech 2. Liga eight points clear of any other team and thus winning promotion to the Gambrinus liga.
Having been promoted to the top flight, Hanousek made his Gambrinus liga debut with Dukla on 29 July 2011 against Sigma Olomouc, going on to score five goals in fifteen starts in the first half of the 2011–12 Gambrinus liga. In February 2012 he signed for Viktoria Plzeň on a three and half year contract, however according to the terms of his contract he stayed at Dukla until the end of the season.
Plzeň.
Hanousek returned to Juliska in September 2012 and scored the fourth goal for Plzeň against his former club in a 4−1 win for the visitors.
Hanousek returned to Dukla on loan in September 2013 until the end of the 2013–14 season, although he returned to Plzeň in January 2014. After spending the second half of the season on loan at Dukla, he transferred back to the club, signing a three year contract in June 2014.
International career.
Hanousek has played at national level for youth teams of the Czech Republic. He started with the under-18 team in 2008 and subsequently represented his country at each subsequent level up to under-21.
Personal.
Hanousek's favourite team is FC Barcelona and he names French midfielder Zinedine Zidane as his favourite player. His favourite film is Peaceful Warrior and in the kitchen he likes spaghetti and other Italian food.
Honours.
Czech 2. Liga (1): 2010–11
Gambrinus Liga (1): 2012–13

</doc>
<doc id="31232292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232292" title="Turhan Taşan">
Turhan Taşan

Turhan Taşan (born 1948) is a Turkish musician. His songs have been released on 117 records and cassette tapes.
Born on 13 August 1948 in Samsun, Taşan graduated from the Management and Accounting Department of the Istanbul Academy of Economic and Commercial Sciences. When he was 18 years old a record was made of his first composition, a song. 
51 of Taşan’s songs are in the TRT Turkish Radio and Television Corporation (TRT) repertory. Of these, five are Tape Monitored and in the Light Turkish Art Music Repertory.
As a writer of lyrics and composer, he has been honored ten times in polls conducted by the newspaper Milliyet to choose the Ten Favorite Songs of the Year. The songs in question are “Kalp Kalbe Karşı Derler” (Heart Beats With Heart) (1984), “Aynı Çatı Altında” (Under The Same Roof) (1987), “Üzüldüğün Şeye Bak” (Just Look What You’re Grieving Over) (1990), “Öptüm Yanaklarından” (Here’s A Kiss For Your Cheeks) (1990), “Biraz Geç Kalmadın Mı?” (Aren’t You Just A Little Bit Late?) (1991), “Sarsam Diyorum” (Oh I Want To Embrace You) (1992), “Oldu mu ya” (Is That Any Way?” (1995 and 1999) and “Gözlerin Kaldı” (You’re Eyes Remain) 1998.
In addition, “Aynı Çatı Altında” won the Hürriyet Newspaper “Golden Butterfly” award in 1987, while in 1990 “Sarsam Diyorum” received Honorable Mention in TRT’s Turkish Art Music Composition Contest (In this contest no entry took First, Second or Third Prize.) Then in 2004, Taşan was awarded Honorable Mention in the TRT Alaturca Composition Contest for a song entitled “Bir Aşk Gerçek, Bir de Ölüm” (Only Love Is Real, That And Death).
Taşan is married with two children. Having worked for 25 years in the private sector, he retired in 1995 under terms of the “Law Governing Artists’ Debt.”

</doc>
<doc id="31232302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232302" title="333rd Field Artillery Regiment">
333rd Field Artillery Regiment

The 333rd Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Lineage.
Constituted 5 August 1917 in the National Army as Battery F, 333d Field Artillery.
(333d Field Artillery assigned 25 August 1917 to the 86th Infantry Division).
Organized in September 1917 at Camp Grant, Illinois.
Demobilized 23 January 1919 at Camp Grant, Illinois.
Reconstituted 13 September 1929 in the Organized Reserves as Battery F, 333d Field Artillery, an element of the 86th Infantry Division.
(333d Field Artillery relieved 5 October 1929 from assignment to the 86th Infantry Division) 
Organized in 1930 at Chicago, Illinois.
Disbanded 22 August 1942 at Chicago, Illinois.
Reconstituted 13 October 1942 in the Regular Army; concurrently, consolidated with Battery F, 333rd Field Artillery (constituted 5 May 1942 in the Regular Army and activated 5 August 1942 at Camp Gruber, Oklahoma), and consolidated unit designated as Battery F, 333d Field Artillery. 
Reorganized and redesignated 12 February 1943 as Battery C, 969th Field Artillery Battalion.
Inactivated 15 April 1946 at the New York Port of Embarkation.
Activated 17 June 1946 at Fort Sill, Oklahoma.
Inactivated 15 June 1949 at Fort Sill, Oklahoma.
Activated 18 March 1955 in Korea.
Inactivated 25 June 1958 in Korea.
Redesignated 1 July 1959 as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 6th Battalion, 333rd Artillery.
Redesignated 11 November 1966 as Battery F, 333rd Artillery.
Activated 5 March 1967 at Fort Carson, Colorado.
Inactivated 26 May 1967 at Fort Carson, Colorado.
Redesignated 1 September 1971 as Battery F, 333rd Field Artillery.
Assigned 21 September 1978 to the 3rd Armored Division and activated in Germany.
Inactivated 15 November 1991 in Germany and relieved from assignment to the 3rd Armored Division.
Redesignated 1 October 2005 as Battery F, 333rd Field Artillery Regiment.
Activated 30 November 2006 in Korea.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, three pallets Or, each charged with a like number of projectiles, palewise of the first, on a chief of the last, a fleur-de-lis of the first. Attached below and to the sides of the shield is a Gold scroll inscribed “THREE ROUNDS” in Black letters.
In the scarlet and gold of the Field Artillery, the functions of the organization are illustrated by the stream of projectiles, and even grouping indicates the ability of the Regiment to perform within narrow limits and that the honors of the Regiment mount with each action. The numerical designation is indicated by the three shells on each of three vertical pales; the service in France in World War I being symbolized by the fleur-de-lis.
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 333d Field Artillery Regiment on 28 November 1942. It was redesignated for the 333d Field Artillery Battalion on 10 November 1943. It was redesignated for the 446th Field Artillery Battalion on 4 March 1947. It was redesignated for the 333d Artillery Regiment on 26 May 1960. Effective 1 September 1971, the insignia was redesignated for the 333d Field Artillery Regiment.
Coat of arms.
Gules, three pallets Or, each charged with a like number of projectiles, palewise of the first, on a chief of the last, a fleur-de-lis of the first.
On a wreath Or and Gules, a demi-lion rampant Sable armed and langued Azure bearing on the shoulder an escutcheon parti per pale of the second and fourth within a border Argent and grasping a sword-breaker with five barbs Gold. 
Motto
THREE ROUNDS. 
Symbolism.
In the scarlet and gold of the Field Artillery, the functions of the organization are illustrated by the stream of projectiles, and even grouping indicates the ability of the Regiment to perform within narrow limits and that the honors of the Regiment mount with each action. The numerical designation is indicated by the three shells on each of three vertical pales; the service in France in World War I being symbolized by the fleur-de-lis.
The lion, from the arms of Belgium, bearing the red and blue shield from the arms of Bastogne, commemorates the action for which Regiment was awarded the Distinguished Unit Citation embroidered “Bastogne.” The white border around the shield represents the encirclement of that city by the enemy and also refers to the snow covered terrain of the “Battle of the Bulge.” The “sword-breaker” was a medieval weapon with barbs or teeth which admitted the sword but prevented its withdrawal. It represents the breaking of the military power of the enemy in Europe. The five barbs stand for the unit’s participation in five European campaigns in World War II.
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 333d Field Artillery Regiment on 28 November 1942. It was redesignated for the 333d Field Artillery Battalion on 9 November 1943. It was redesignated for the 446th Field Artillery Battalion on 13 January 1947. It was redesignated for the 333d Artillery Regiment and amended to delete the Army Reserve crest on 26 May 1960. The insignia was amended to add a crest on 30 March 1966. Effective 1 September 1971, the insignia was redesignated for the 333d Field Artillery Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="31232321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232321" title="USCGC Point Jefferson (WPB-82306)">
USCGC Point Jefferson (WPB-82306)

USCGC "Point Jefferson" (WPB-82306) was an Point class cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland in 1960 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1960 was not to name cutters under in length, it was designated as "WPB-82306" when commissioned and acquired the name "Point Jefferson" in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than .
Construction and design details.
"Point Jefferson" was built to accommodate an 8 man crew. She was powered by two VT600 Cummins diesel main drive engines and had two five-bladed propellers. The main drive engines were later replaced by VT800 Cummins engines. Water tank capacity was and fuel tank capacity was at 95% full. Engine exhaust was ported through the transom rather than through a conventional stack and this permitted a 360 degree view from the bridge; a feature that was very useful in search and rescue work as well as a combat environment. 
The design specifications for "Point Jefferson" included a steel hull for durability and an aluminum superstructure and longitudinally framed construction was used to save weight. Ease of operation with a small crew size was possible because of the non-manned main drive engine spaces. Controls and alarms located on the bridge allowed one man operation of the cutter thus eliminating a live engineer watch in the engine room. Because of design, four men could operate the cutter; however, the need for resting watchstanders brought the crew size to eight men for normal domestic service. The screws were designed for ease of replacement and could be changed without removing the cutter from the water. A clutch-in idle speed of three knots helped to conserve fuel on lengthy patrols and an eighteen knot maximum speed could get the cutter on scene quickly. Air-conditioned interior spaces were a part of the original design for the Point class cutter. Interior access to the deckhouse was through a watertight door on the starboard side aft of the deckhouse. The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer. The deckhouse also included a small arms locker, scuttlebutt, a small desk and head. Access to the lower deck and engine room was down a ladder. At the bottom of the ladder was the galley, mess and recreation deck. A watertight door at the front of the mess bulkhead led to the main crew quarters which was ten feet long and included six bunks that could be stowed, three bunks on each side. Forward of the bunks was the crew's head complete with a compact sink, shower and commode. Accommodations for a 13 man crew were installed for Vietnam service.
History.
After delivery in 1960, "Point Jefferson" was assigned a homeport of Nantucket, Massachusetts, where she served as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. On 18 August 1963, she towed MV "Yankee" with 149 on board to Provincetown, MA. From 18 October 1964 to 29 January 1965, she served on Cuban patrol. 
At the request of the United States Navy, in October 1965, she was alerted for service in Vietnam and assigned to Coast Guard Squadron One in support of Operation Market Time along with 8 other Point class cutters. While the crew completed overseas training and weapons qualifications at Coast Guard Island and Camp Parks, California, "Point Jefferson" was loaded onto a merchant ship, and transported to Subic Bay, Philippines arriving in January 1966 where she was refit for combat service. Shipyard modifications included installation of new single-sideband radio equipment, additional floodlights, small arms lockers, bunks, additional sound-powered phone circuits, and the addition of 4 M-2 machine guns. The original Oerlikon 20 mm cannon was replaced with a combination over-under 50 caliber machine gun/81mm trigger-fired mortar that had been developed by the Coast Guard for service in Vietnam. For service in Vietnam, two officers were added to the crew complement to add seniority to the crew in the mission of interdicting vessels at sea.
"Point Jefferson" was assigned to Division 13 of Squadron One to be based at Cat Lo Navy Base near Vung Tau, along with , , , , , , and . After sea trials, the Division left Subic Bay for Cat Lo on 19 February 1966 in the company of , their temporary support ship. They arrived at their new duty station on 23 February and began patrolling the coastal waters near the Rung Sat Special Zone. Duty consisted of boarding Vietnamese junks to search for contraband weapons and ammunition and check the identification papers of persons on board.
In early 1970, "Point Jefferson" and "Point Partridge" acting as a team made over 300 boardings. Civic action programs conducted during the boardings by the two Squadron One cutters included handing out 3000 bars of soap as well as food items. Twelve Vietnamese were given medical treatment.
After the crew of "Point Jefferson" trained a Vietnamese replacement crew, she was turned over to the Republic of Vietnam Navy as a part of the Vietnamization Program and recommissioned as RVNS "Lê Ngọc Ẩn" (HQ-712), 21 February 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31232331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232331" title="Afuʻalo Matoto">
Afuʻalo Matoto

Afuʻalo Matoto, Lord Matoto of Tuʻanekivale, is a Tongan political figure.
Having obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Auckland, he became an assistant teacher at the Tonga High School in 1968. He later obtained a Master of Arts degree from the University of Durham in 1971, and was appointed Assistant Secretary at the Tongan Ministry of Finance that same year. He was Secretary of Finance from 1977 to 1983, then became the Bank of Tonga's Manager for Development and Planning. From 1999 to 2006, he was Managing Director of the Tonga Development Bank.
In October 2006, King Taufaʻahau Tupou IV appointed him Minister for Public Enterprises. In July 2007, he additionally became Minister of Information, heading a newly established ministry.
Matoto was also Treasurer of the Tonga Rugby Football Union from 1975 to 1982, and Chairman of the TRFU Referees Association "from the early 80s to the early 90s". He is the current President of the Nuku'alofa Rotary Club, of which he has been a member since 1974. He is, in addition, an ordained Minister of the Free Church of Tonga.
In December 2010, he was one of the first people to be named a Life Peer in Tonga's heretofore solely hereditary nobility, by King George Tupou V. As a Noble of the Realm, he is known as Lord Matoto of Tuʻanekivale.

</doc>
<doc id="31232332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232332" title="Department of Optometry, KNUST">
Department of Optometry, KNUST

The Department of Optometry at Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, is based in Kumasi, Ghana. Its placement is under the College of Science of the university. It is the smallest department of the college with 10 teaching staff and around 210 students 
The Early Days.
As the first optometrist school in Ghana was started at the department of Physics, Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 1992. The first class had just five students and were under the tutelage of Ghana's first Optometrist, Dr. Kofivi Monny. It was opened to only to those who had had their first degrees in either Biochemistry, Physics or Biology. Graduates from the school were awarded the Postgraduate Diploma in Optometry (Pg. Dip. Optometry).
Later On.
In 2000 the department moved from the Physics block to the Biology block. That year, a four year Bachelors of Science Degree program, tow be followed by a two -year doctoral program was started to replace the earlier program. . In 2004, just as the first batch of Optometrist with the BSc. Degree had graduated, they were enrolled for the two year Doctor of Optometry (O.D) program. They went on to finish with their doctorate degrees in 2007. Over eighty percent of Ghanaian Optometrists have had their training from the KNUST.
Currently.
In August 2010, the Department finally received its own permanent address as it moved into the multi-million cedi Science Complex Block. The department was alloted permanent classrooms and offices for students and staff members respectively.
The 2011 batch who have yet to graduate have are fifty-three. Dr. Dr. Angela O. Amedo, a member of the first batch of Optometrists produced in Ghana, is the Head of Department for Optometry at KNUST.
Today, there are about two hundred Optometrist in Ghana working hand-in-hand with other eyecare professionals to save sight.
Staff of the Department.
As of January 2011, the Department had twelve members of staff overall, with 8 teachers, 2 secretaries, a janitorial custodian, and a driver. All members of teaching staff possess a Doctorate of Optometry. Currently four are pursuing other programs at the Masters level and one is pursuing a Doctorate of Philosophy.
Social Responsibilities.
The Department in collaboration with the Inter-nation Centre for Eyecare Education in May, 2010 established an eye clinic at Ayeduase as a suburb of Kumasi. The center--called the Ashanti Vision Centre is to serve the community as well as the satellite towns that surround the university. Students go there regularly to build up their skills as well as offer their services to the numerous people who come for eyecare services. In November 2010 the whole sixth year class of the Department undertook a two-day intensive vision outreach program in the Atebubu district of the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana.
In March 2011, volunteers from Vision Aid Overseas visited the Department to teach its students as well as embark on Outreaches to cocoa growing areas of the Ashanti Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31232347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232347" title="Operation Odyssey Dawn">
Operation Odyssey Dawn

Operation Odyssey Dawn was the U.S. code name for the American role in the international military operation in Libya to enforce United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973 during the initial period of 19–31 March 2011, which continued afterwards under NATO command as Operation Unified Protector. The initial operation implemented a no-fly zone that was proposed during the Libyan civil war to prevent government forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from carrying out air attacks on Anti-Gaddafi forces. On 19 March 2011, several countries prepared to take immediate military action at a summit in Paris. Operations commenced on the same day with a strike by French fighter jets, then U.S. and UK forces conducting strikes from ships and submarines via 110 Tomahawk cruise missiles and air assets bombing Gaddafi forces near Benghazi. The goal of coalition forces has been to impose a no-fly zone and to destroy forces that threaten civilians – in effect this has meant forces loyal to Gaddafi.
The U.S. initially had strategic command of the military intervention, coordinated missions between coalition members and set up Joint Task Force Odyssey Dawn on the for the tactical command and control in the area of operations. but passed complete military command of the operation to NATO and took up a support role on 31 March 2011. Prior to that, an agreement to pass command of the arms embargo to NATO was reached on 23 March, and a handover of enforcement of the no-fly zone to NATO was agreed to on 24 March and became effective the following day. With the handover of coalition command to NATO, Operation Odyssey Dawn became the name for only the activities of U.S. forces, and the coalition's objectives continued to be carried out under Operation Unified Protector. However, NATO's objectives do not include aiding the rebel forces' efforts to take control of territory currently held by Gaddafi.
The British name for its military support of Resolution 1973 is Operation Ellamy, the Canadian participation is Operation Mobile, and the French participation is Opération Harmattan. NATO's military activity is Operation Unified Protector.
Command.
The strategic command of Operation Odyssey Dawn was under the authority of General Carter Ham, the Combatant Commander of the United States Africa Command (AFRICOM), a Unified Combatant Command of the Department of Defense. Tactical command in the theater of operations was under command of Admiral Sam Locklear, the Commander of United States Naval Forces Africa on board the command ship USS "Mount Whitney" in the Mediterranean Sea. Vice Admiral Harry B. Harris, Commander, U.S. Sixth Fleet, assumed responsibilities as the Joint Forces Maritime Component Commander, also stationed aboard USS "Mount Whitney". Major General Margaret H. Woodward was commander of US Air Force aircraft involved in the operation. On 21 March 2011, President Obama stated the U.S. military action would be scaled back soon and was considering handing over command of the operation to either France, the UK or NATO. On 24 March 2011, NATO took command of enforcing the no-fly zone in Libya and was considering taking control of the rest of the mission. On 24 March 2011, the coalition agreed to have NATO command the no-fly zone, and the U.S. Department of Defense stated that the U.S. would relinquish command of Operation Odyssey Dawn as early as 28 March.
Summary of action.
21h: The first main strike involved the launch of 112 Tomahawk cruise missiles from U.S. and UK ships against shoreline air defenses of the Gaddafi regime. The U.S. Department of Defense reports that the dismantling of Libya's ability to hinder the enforcement of the UN no-fly zone was only the first of multiple stages in the operation. USMC Harriers participated in an air strike against a large military convoy outside Benghazi.
Sustained anti-aircraft fire erupted in Tripoli at around 2:33 am Libyan time. Three B-2 Spirit bombers targeted 45 hardened aircraft shelters at a Libyan airfield near Sirte. At the same time, U.S. Air Force fighter jets conducted missions searching for Libyan ground forces to attack. U.S. Navy EA-18G Growlers jammed Libyan radar and communications. No U.S. aircraft were lost during the missions. The warplanes included Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier IIs (attacking pro-Gaddafi's ground forces), Air Force B-2 Spirit stealth bombers, and F-15E Strike Eagle and F-16C Fighting Falcon fighter jets. Admiral Mike Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, states that there would be continuous allied air cover over Benghazi, and that the no-fly zone "is effectively in place". An EC-130J was recorded warning Libyan shipping "If you attempt to leave port, you will be attacked and destroyed immediately" in Arabic, French and English. Four Royal Danish Air Force F-16 flew their first mission over Libya
All fixed SA-2 Guideline, SA-3 Goa and SA-5 Gammon sites were taken out. Only SA-6 Gainful, hand held SA-7 Grail and SA-8 Gecko mobile SAMs are still a possible threat to aircraft. In the early hours of the day a building from Moammar Gadhafi's compound in Tripoli was completely destroyed by a cruise missile. Twelve more cruise missiles were fired at command and air defense sites.
At approximately 22:30 CET (evening of 21 March), a USAFE F-15E 91-0304 operating out of Aviano Air Base crashed about 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Benghazi. Both crew members ejected at high altitude and were subsequently separated. A MV-22 Osprey, supported by two AV-8Bs, two CH-53E Super Stallions, and a KC-130J Hercules from the 26th MEU initially recovered the pilot, while the weapons officer was recovered later after being rescued by rebel forces in the area. Two Marine Harriers accompanying the rescue force dropped two 500 lb bombs at the request of the ejected pilot, prior to the MV-22 landing in an attempt to deter an unidentified group of people heading towards the area. The UK had a "peripheral involvement" in the rescue of the U.S. pilots.
Six local villagers, including a young boy, were reported to have been injured by gunfire from the rescuing U.S. forces, Although a Marine spokesperson aboard USS "Kearsarge" denied that shots were fired: "The Osprey is not armed, and the Marines barely got off the aircraft. I was in the landing center the whole time, where we were monitoring what was going on, and firing was never reported", Pentagon sources were later reported to have confirmed that shots were fired.
The source of the civilian casualties is still being investigated. Overnight, the U.S. bombed the wreckage of the downed F-15E "to prevent materials from getting into the wrong hands."
In a 24-hours period; 175 air sorties were conducted (113 US, 62 coalition). Around this time, the U.S. changed its target priorities from air defenses to Libyan ground forces.
Royal Norwegian Air Force F-16s were assigned to the U.S. African command and Operation Odyssey Dawn. A number of Norwegian F-16s took off from the Souda Bay Air Base on the island of Crete, Greece for their first mission over Libya.
Three laser-guided bombs were launched from 2 F-16s of the Royal Norwegian Airforce against Libyan tanks. F-16s from the Royal Norwegian Airforce bombed an airfield in Libya during the night. Coalition planes flew 164 sorties and coalition leaders reported damage to Gadhafi's ground forces.
Lockheed AC-130 gunships and Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II ground attack aircraft began operations, attacking ground forces. These were the first aircraft used against troops; previous strikes had targeted command and anti-aircraft infrastructure. Two B-1 bombers from Ellsworth Air Force Base attacked undisclosed targets in Libya.
Attack submarine completed all assigned strike missions and has left the area for previous duties. The U.S. is responsible for 80% of air refueling, 75% of aerial surveillance hours and 100% of electronic warfare missions.
On 28 March, a USAF A-10 and a USN P-3 attack one Libyan Coast Guard vessel and two smaller craft. The P-3 fired AGM-65F Maverick missiles at a Vittoria-class patrol boat, forcing the crew to beach her. The A-10 strafed the other two smaller boats with its 30mm GAU-8 Avenger cannon rounds, sinking one and forcing the crew to abandon the other. The Libyan vessels were attacked after U.S forces observed them firing into Misurata and at merchant vessels. The provided situational awareness for the aircraft by managing the airspace and maintaining the maritime picture.
From 06:00 GMT, NATO took sole command of air operations over Libya under Operation Unified Protector, taking over from U.S. Africa Command. The four Danish F-16 fighters flew a total of 43 missions and dropped 107 precision munitions in operation Odyssey Dawn before transiting to NATO command.
Criticism.
There has been criticism over the handling of the operation and the belief that the Obama administration failed to adequately consult the U.S. Congress. The Obama administration defended its handling of the Libyan crisis, drawing a clear line between military and political objectives. On 24 March White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters "We are not engaged in militarily-driven regime change." Instead, the administration is engaged in "time-limited, scope-limited" action with other countries to protect civilians from forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi. However, this conflicts with multiple statements seeming to imply regime change as at least one objective of the Operation, including a report made to Congress as required by House Resolution 292:
"Establishing these conditions would pave the way for a genuine political transition – of which Qadhafi's departure is a critical component. To bring about this objective, along with the international community, the United States responded to this crisis by developing, implementing, and monitoring sanctions and freezing billions in Government of Libya assets, building a broad international coalition focused on escalating diplomatic pressure on Qadhafi and increasing his isolation, and initiating and sustaining political support for military operations. ... Politically, U.S. leadership continues to play an important role in maintaining and expanding this international consensus that Qadhafi must step down, sending an unambiguous message to the regime. We continue working with the international community to enhance the capabilities of the Libyan opposition and increase the ability to achieve political transition. After many meetings with senior opposition members in Washington and abroad, combined with daily interactions with the U.S. mission in Benghazi, we have stated that the TNC has demonstrated itself to be the legitimate interlocutor of the Libyan people, in contrast to the Qadhafi regime that has lost all legitimacy to rule."

</doc>
<doc id="31232359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232359" title="Fênix 2005 Futebol Clube">
Fênix 2005 Futebol Clube

Fênix 2005 Futebol Clube, commonly known as Fênix, is a Brazilian football club based in Barra Mansa, Rio de Janeiro state.
History.
The club was founded on September 9, 2005. They finished as the runners-up in the Campeonato Carioca Third level in 2009, losing the competition to Sampaio Corrêa.
Stadium.
Fênix 2005 Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Raulino de Oliveira. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 20,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31232361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232361" title="Been to Hell">
Been to Hell

"Been to Hell" is a song by American rap rock band Hollywood Undead, the second single from their second full-length album, "American Tragedy", and the first track on that album. It is the band's eighth overall single in their discography. The track was released as a free download on the band's official website on February 5, 2011. It was later released as a single on March 15 and accompanied an official music video the same day. A remix was featured on the band's "American Tragedy Redux" remix album.
Background.
The band had been recording for a second album since early 2010, also in the midst of The United States 2010 Recession. This caused an eventual peak of 14% unemployment in the band's state of California. The recession caused a partial motivation for "Been to Hell"'s lyrics of failure and the darker tone. The song is specifically about people who come to Hollywood expecting to achieve greatness and fame, but are unable to accomplish this for reasons of drugs, temptation, and apathy. When speaking about the track's message, J-Dog says it's about "The truth about what really happens to people when they move to LA, to be actors or models or god knows what other delusions people have... failure. It's all too true, but most people aren't there to see it first hand... But we are, so it's our interpretation of it all. And make sure you stick around til the end..."
The first surfacing of the track was on January 11, 2011, when the band officially announced the title of their second album, "American Tragedy", and released a short one-minute preview video of the album. The video included an instrumental of "Been to Hell", which was untitled at the time. The track was the third song released following the first single, "Hear Me Now", and the promotional single, "Comin' in Hot". The full song was released on the band's official website at midnight on February 5 as a free download to add fans to their mailing list and to promote the album. In addition, an official lyric video was released that showed flashes of Los Angeles and the band's new masks, an elaboration of the album's preview video. The track was removed as a free download a few weeks later before it was released as a single and put on iTunes on March 15, 2011. The music video was co-directed by Jeff Janke and Corey Soria, with a cameo by porn star Peter North.
A remix of the song by KMFDM titled "Been to Hell... and Back!" was included on the 2011 remix album "American Tragedy Redux".
Music video.
On March 15, an official music video was released on iTunes, but was available for free to people who pre-ordered the album from iTunes. The video was posted on the band's official website three days later on March 18 for viewing. Differing from the official lyrics video for the song, the music video shows clips of Los Angeles and the band performing. The band is shown playing in an underground garage with two podiums holding a drum kit on one and some percussion instruments and a keyboard on the other. Da Kurlzz plays the percussion and keyboards while the band's touring member, Daren Pfeifer, plays the drums in the video without any mask. J-Dog raps the first verse, Johnny 3 Tears raps the second, and Charlie Scene raps the third. The choruses are sung by Danny with Charlie Scene doing background vocals. When the band is performing, a few shots of the member performing has every other member in the background shown to be frozen in motion, even if there is a part for their instrument at the time.
The Story was written by Jeff Janke and Directed by Jeff Janke and Corey Soria aka Craven Moorehead the two Directors have been friends since high school and played in bands together for many years.
In the parts that the band isn't performing, clips of various people and places are shown. Places shown around Los Angeles include: La Brea Avenue, Santa Monica Pier, The Los Angeles Metro system, Hollywood Boulevard, and The Los Angeles Train Station. A few characters an Actress, Model and a Musician are shown as they journey to Los Angeles to gain fame through various professions. One girl (played by pornographic actress Brittany Beth aka BiBi Jones) comes to the city and tries for a model shoot but then is pushed to pose nude and sacrifice her morals to become a model. She is shown later to have become a stripper, then a porn star, and had lost her chance at modeling. The next character is a man (played by Jake Terrell, the brother of Charlie Scene) who flew to L.A. with a guitar and tries out for several bands but is unsuccessful. He resorts to open mic nights at a club then panhandling on the side of the road. He eventually becomes a roadie for Hollywood Undead,as it says on the backstage pass he has,and is seen putting and tuning instruments on the stage where Hollywood Undead is singing their song Been To Hell. The last character is a brunette girl (played by Amber Janke) who comes happily to L.A. and is taken in by the sights. She visits the Hollywood Walk of Fame and later tries to become an actress. Throughout the video she is seen frustrated at auditions and panick-struck crossing out days in her audition schedule. She also fails and eventually becomes a waitress. Later she finds one of her audition photos stained with coffee in the diner she works at. The video ends with the brunette Amber Goetz becoming depressed and jumping off of at the Hollywood Sign, committing suicide. The 3 characters stories are mixed together with clips of dilapidated areas and other people like homeless people, symbolizing the failure of the dream of fame, which is the main idea presented in the song's lyrics.
Reception.
Commercial.
The single debuted at number thirteen on the Heatseekers Songs chart on "Billboard" and #2 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="31232383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232383" title="Desmond Gaspar">
Desmond Gaspar

Desmond Gaspar is a Canadian organist, pianist, conductor, composer and songwriter who works as a free lance concert artist and ballet pianist who won the Associateship and Fellowship diplomas of the Royal Canadian College of Organists in consecutive years while under 30 years of age, thus being one of a very small number of Canadians under that age to achieve that distinction at the time.
Gaspar studied under Earle Moss (piano), Molly Sclater (theory), Roman Toi (composition) and Heather Spry (organ and church music) from the University of Toronto and the Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto, during which time he received numerous performance and competition awards. 
His eclectic career in liturgical music, dance accompaniment, choir-directing and other disciplines has taken him to various venues in Canada, the United States and Europe. 
A Fellow of the Royal Canadian College of Organists (winning the Associateship and Fellowship Diplomas in consecutive years as well as the Charles Peaker and the Healey Willan Prizes respectively with those attempts, scoring the highest mark in Canada for the latter), Gaspar was one of a very small number of Canadians who won that professional designation under the age of thirty at the time of his receiving it. He has also conducted chamber orchestras, massed choirs and jazz combos in addition to writing a number of uniquely crafted classical songs (based on T.S. Eliot's cycle "Prufrock and Other Observations"). In 2007 he appeared in Los Angeles at the "TAXI" convention in a gala promo event featuring some original songs from his collection, entitled "The Dancer and I".
From 2005 to 2007 Gaspar stepped in as Associate Organist at St. Paul's Anglican Cathedral, London, Ontario, where he performed in the Cathedral concert series as organ accompanist which often featured members of Orchestra London - and where he was publicly declared "A World Class Musician" on two occasions by the Cathedral Dean, now Bishop, Terry Dance.
Gaspar also works as a ballet accompanist at the prestigious Sean Boutilier Academy of Dance, one of Canada's foremost ballet schools featuring many world-class dancers and artists.
Personal life.
Gaspar, born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, began his music studies at a young age with trumpet and demonstrated very considerable musical ability at an early age. His teacher, Ben Rose, observed a good ear in him when he could tell how the notes of the trumpet differed from those on the piano (the trumpet being a transposing instrument.). By age thirteen, after having learned the Haydn trumpet concerto and the challenging Puedert Studies, he began to show more interest in the piano and abandoned the trumpet altogether for some twenty five years. After having finished with his piano and then later, organ studies, he resumed playing jazz trumpet with Jack Hayter and the Con Brio Band in Stratford as well as with the dance band "The Royal Aires". 
In 2002, he took a long working sabbatical to focus on composition, song writing, jazz and other disciplines and has worked intermittently as a church musician including his short stint at the London Cathedral. He performed two full length recitals in 2010 in addition to some other guest solo appearances and continues his work as a Ballet accompanist on a regular basis in Toronto.
List of compositions.
Lieder (art songs - voice and piano):
Prufrock (Song Cycle based upon poems by T.S. Eliot): Lovesong, Portrait, Prelude #1, Prelude #2, Prelude #3;<br> Lo and Behold
Choral: Agnus Dei (setting for SATB choir, divided passages and solo-soprano passage included)
Pop songs (voice and piano):
Dancer and I (Collection): Dancing 'round the Fire, Dancing Alone, Happy and Free, Dreams For Two, Dancing with you, Beautiful Dancer, Mystic Dreams, The Dancer and I, Playful Colours, Lovesong, Magick
Lovers (Collection): Crazy 'bout you, Coming Home, Penny Love

</doc>
<doc id="31232386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232386" title="Kiko Mizuhara">
Kiko Mizuhara

Career.
Mizuhara co-starred in Tran Anh Hung's "Norwegian Wood" (2010) with Kenichi Matsuyama and Rinko Kikuchi. She played a supporting role in Mika Ninagawa's "Helter Skelter" (2012), which is based on the award-winning comic of the same name by Kyoko Okazaki.
Mizuhara played a supporting role in Toshiaki Toyoda's "I'm Flash!" (2012).
She co-starred in Keishi Otomo's "Platinum Data"with Kazunari Ninomiya.

</doc>
<doc id="31232402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232402" title="Jubilee Country Park">
Jubilee Country Park

Jubilee Country Park is a public park in Petts Wood in the London Borough of Bromley. It is a Local Nature Reserve and a Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation. It was purchased by Bromley Council to celebrate the Silver Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II in 1977, and opened as a park in 1981.
The park is part of an extensive wildlife corridor together with Petts Wood and Scadbury Park. The London Loop goes through it.
The park consists of extensive areas of grassland and ancient woodland. The grassland has a large population of the rare corkyfruit water dropwort, while midland hawthorns are abundant in the woodland.
There is access from Southborough Lane, Blackbrook Lane and Tent Peg Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="31232405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232405" title="Wooden toymaking in the Ore Mountains">
Wooden toymaking in the Ore Mountains

The history of wooden toymaking in the Ore Mountains is closely bound to regional circumstances. The Ore Mountains are located in Central Europe on the border between Germany and the Czech Republic. For many centuries it was a countryside in which the local population eked out a hard existence from the land. Long and harsh winters restricted agriculture; in addition the region had very poor communications. With the onset of ore mining a new line of commerce developed, but the hard labour and high risks involved meant that it was only work for young and strong men. Many were injured or died as a result of accidents. The miners rose early in the morning whilst it was still dark in order to go to work and did not return home again until late in the evening after dark. From those times comes a custom that has survived to the present day, the practice of placing lights in the window. These lights were intended to show the miners the safe way back to the homes of their families.
It was not long before the winnings of silver ore fell in many parts of the mountains and numerous pits had to close. This hardship forced its inhabitants to look for other work and, thanks to abundance of timber in the region, the manufacture of wooden toys became an important secondary source of income. Entire families were engaged in wooden toymaking, especially in the harsh winters. Child labour in conditions of poor lighting and equipment was the rule rather than the exception. The children often had to work more than 12 hours a day. Families developed a high degree of specialisation. For example, an experienced turner would be working on turning animal shapes ("Reifendrehen"), another man carved the animal figures out of it and another family took over the painting and the manufacture of small boxes. Earnings from the individual steps in the process were very low. Production was usually bought by travelling merchants who used their position without mercy, to force down the prices. The majority of these products was taken to the toy markets of Nuremberg and redistributed from there. The formation of associations and cooperatives (such as Dregeno) was in order to ensure a minimum level of income.
Production is concentrated today in the toymaking village of Seiffen and its surrounding area in the middle of the so-called "German Christmas Land" as the Ore Mountains are called. A great variety of products has developed, but they are clearly associated with the Ore Mountains and go by the concept of Ore Mountain folk art. They include many typical wooden Ore Mountain products such as Christmas pyramids, wooden "Räuchermann" incense smokers, nutcrackers, wooden figures (Christmas Angels, miners, turned animals, etc.), Christmas mountain scenes ("Weihnachtsberg"e) and Ore Mountain candle arches.

</doc>
<doc id="31232409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232409" title="Richard H. Rice">
Richard H. Rice

Richard Henry Rice (1863–1922) was an American mechanical engineer and inventor who is known for many patents related to improvements to the Corliss steam engine, and his partnership in founding the Rice & Sargent Engine Company of Providence, Rhode Island.
Early life and family.
Richard Henry Rice was born 9 January 1863 in Rockland, Maine to Albert Smith Rice and Frances Weston (Baker) Rice. He received his Masters of Engineering degree from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1885. He was first married on 6 April 1887 to Mary Sue Durgin, daughter of William B. Durgin, a silversmith and clock-maker from Concord, New Hampshire, and they had three children. After the 1897 death of his first wife, Rice married Alice Woodman Kimball of New York 26 March 1898.
Engineering career.
Rice began his engineering career in 1885 heading the testing laboratory at Stevens Institute. From 1885-1886 he was a special apprentice at the Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad shops in Dennison, Ohio. From 1886-1887 he was a designer of marine engines at the Bath Iron Works in Bath, Maine. From 1887-1891 Rice lived in Cambridge, Massachusetts where he was the a designer and chief draftsman for the E.D. Levitt Company in Cambridgeport, Massachusetts, and from 1891-1894 he was the superintendent engineer at the William A. Harris Steam Engine Company in Providence, Rhode Island. In 1894, he was an incorporating officer in the Rice & Sargent Engine Company, and he served as treasurer of the company. Rice and Sargent steam engines were used extensively for power plants in manufacturing companies from the mid-1890s to the 1930s. Rice was also an owner of the Providence Engineering Works, also in Providence. Starting in 1903 he was a consultant on steam engineering and in charge of turbine development at the General Electric Company in Lynn, Massachusetts. In recognition of over 50 patents relating to steam, air and water apparati, he received an honorary Ph.D. in Engineering from the Stevens Institute in 1921. He died a year later on 10 February 1922 in Bolton, New York.
Selected patents.
During his career Rice received over 50 U.S. and international patents, mostly for improvements to the Corliss steam engine and steam turbine technology. Some of his most significant patents are as follows:
Genealogy.
Richard Henry Rice was a direct descendant of Edmund Rice, an English immigrant to Massachusetts Bay Colony, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31232420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232420" title="Tetragenococcus halophilus">
Tetragenococcus halophilus

Tetragenococcus halophilus is a halophilic lactic acid bacterium active in the fermentation processes of soy sauce, miso, fish sauce and salted anchovies.
External links.
[http://www.bacterio.net/t/tetragenococcus.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31232430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232430" title="Oxford Terrace Baptist Church">
Oxford Terrace Baptist Church

Oxford Terrace Baptist Church was located in the Christchurch Central City on a prominent corner property fronting the Avon River. The main building was significantly damaged in the 2010 Canterbury earthquake and collapsed in the subsequent February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. This building had a Category II listing by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
History.
The Christchurch Baptist church was founded in 1863 by 19 settlers from England. Decimus Dolamore, who was instrumental for establishing the Baptist faith in New Zealand, was the first minister. The congregation first met in the town hall in High Street. In 1864, a church was built in Lichfield Street opposite where the Bus Exchange is located (as of 2011). The congregation split in 1867, but reunited in 1870 and built a church in Hereford Street. The congregation decided to build larger premises and purchased land for £1,325 on the corner of Oxford Terrace and Madras Street, overlooking the Avon River.
A design competition was won by local architect Edward J. Saunders. The congregation decided, though, that the total costs of the project was beyond their means. As an interim measure, the Hereford Street church was transported to the new site. Much public amusement was caused when the church sat on a wagon next to ChristChurch Cathedral for a weekend in 1879. Three weeks after arriving at the new site, the building was damaged by fire, but opened again some months later. The older building was in use until 1903, when it once again caught fire.
Tenders for the new church were called for in August 1881, but the prices submitted were too high, ranging from £3,956 to £5,337. A revised tender in September 1881 received a quote of £3,130 by Morey and McHale, which was accepted. The Reverend C. Dallaston laid the foundation stone on 14 October 1881 and the project was completed and opened to the public on 9 July 1882. At that point, it was the largest Baptist church in the country. An organ was imported from England and installed in 1915.
The main building was significantly damaged in the 4 September 2010 earthquake and collapsed in the subsequent 22 February 2011 earthquake. It was demolished in late June 2011 following further collapse in the 13 June 2011 earthquake.
The former site of the church of the church was used for a temporary art installation by Peter Majendie, unveiled at the first anniversary of the February 2011 earthquake. The installation, called "Reflection of Loss of Lives, Livelihoods and Living in Neighbourhood", used 185 chairs all painted in white but of different shapes, reflecting the different personalities of those who died.
Heritage listing.
On 10 September 2004, the church was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category II historic place, with the registration number being 1853. It is significant for its Neoclassical architecture, which is unusual for Christchurch. The church had the last remaining temple frontage in the city.
Peter Beck, the dean of ChristChurch Cathedral, lists the Oxford Terrace Baptist Church as one of the "iconic churches of the city".

</doc>
<doc id="31232432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232432" title="Close Your Eyes (album)">
Close Your Eyes (album)

Close Your Eyes is the debut studio album by Kurt Elling, released in 1995.
At the 38th Grammy Awards Elling was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance for "Close Your Eyes".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album four stars, and said "Chicago vocalist Elling pushes the envelope, challenging listeners and his musicians with beat poetry, ranting, and his Mark Murphy-ish singing. There's quite a bit of dramatist/actor in Elling, although the romantic in him is also pretty prevalent...There's clearly more in store for Elling as he matures, but this is as auspicious a vocal jazz debut as the world has heard.a worthy statement from Elling, who shows yet again that vocal jazz can be more than just easy listening"

</doc>
<doc id="31232447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232447" title="Quissamã Futebol Clube">
Quissamã Futebol Clube

Quissamã Futebol Clube, commonly known as Quissamã, is a Brazilian football club based in Quissamã, Rio de Janeiro state.
History.
The club was founded on January 5, 1919. They won the Campeonato Carioca Third Level in 2008 and the Second Level in 2012. They will compete in the Campeonato Carioca in 2013.
Stadium.
Quissamã Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Antônio Carneiro da Silva. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31232461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232461" title="Geometrization theorem">
Geometrization theorem

In geometry, geometrization theorem may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="31232470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232470" title="Alecton discoidalis">
Alecton discoidalis

Alecton discoidalis is a species of firefly in the beetle family Lampyridae, commonly known as the Cuban endemic firefly. The larvae of this species are predators on both pulmonate and operculate land snails. "Alecton discoidalis" is the type species of the genus "Alecton".
Distribution.
"Alecton" is the only genus of firefly endemic to Cuba and "A. discoidalis" is the best known of the four species in that genus. It is found in the western half of the country. The type locality was described simply as "the island of Cuba".
Description.
"Alecton discoidalis" was discovered and described (based on the larva only) by the French naturalist Francis de Laporte de Castelnau in 1833. His type description in French reads as follows:
This translates as: Yellow, with the tips of the antennae and the elytra black, with a yellow border which starts a third of the way along the elytra.
Biology.
The fireflies of Cuba have not been extensively studied. Research was undertaken in 2009 to examine the association of the larvae with terrestrial gastropods and to learn more about the natural history of the species. Larvae of "A. discoidalis" were collected in limestone regions of Cuba where they were frequently found in the vicinity of snails. Most collections were made at night at which time the larvae could often be detected when they emitted flashes of light. Representatives of several different instar stages were gathered from leaf litter and from on or under rocks. At the same time, snails of a number of species were collected to determine which species would be the preferred prey for the larvae. The temperature at the time of collection ranged from 26 to 32 °C and the humidity ranged from 64 to 86%. These levels were maintained in the laboratory during research.
The most vulnerable snails seemed to be those that live on the ground or rocks, but tree-dwelling species were also targeted occasionally. Acceptable prey species included snails from several families: family Helicinidae ("Helicina aspersa", "Ustronia sloanei", "Alcadia hispida", "Emoda sagraiana"), family Pomatiidae ("Chondropoma pictum", "Chondropoma auberianum", "Chondropoma irradians", "Eutudora jimenoi", "Torrella immersa", "Rhytidopoma coronatum"), family Megalomastomatidae ("Farcimen tortum"), family Oleacinidae ("Oleacina" sp.) and family Polygyridae ("Praticolella griseola"). 
Snails that were rejected by these larvae as food included "Pycnoptychia" species and "Liguus fasciatus". 
It was found that attacks took place both during the day and at night with the operculum of the snail being targeted. The larva spent up to 24 hours inside the shell devouring the soft tissues. Sometimes several first-instar larvae attacked a single snail at the same time. On some occasions, the snails "H. aspersa" and "C. pictum" emitted a protective foam which enabled them to thwart the attack.
When the larvae were sufficiently grown, they pupated and the adult firefly later emerged. The identity of the imago had not previously been known.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference 

</doc>
<doc id="31232477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232477" title="Drylongso">
Drylongso

Drylongso, An African American idiom, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31232485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232485" title="Slettnes Lighthouse">
Slettnes Lighthouse

Slettnes Lighthouse () is the northernmost lighthouse on the European mainland. It is located in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It sits along the Barents Sea approximately north of the village of Gamvik on the northern coast of the Nordkinn Peninsula. The lighthouse is the only cast iron lighthouse in Finnmark county.
This is the easternmost of the three Nordkapp area lighthouses, and it is often considered the North Cape Light, marking the "top" of Europe. Fruholmen Lighthouse is located about farther north, but it is on the island of Ingøya, but Slettnes Lighthouse is the northernmost lighthouse on the mainland of Scandinavia.
This lighthouse was built from 1903 to 1905. The round cast iron tower is tall and it is painted red with two white horizontal bands. The light on top emits one long (2.5 sec) white flash every 20 seconds. The light burns from 12 August until 24 April each year. It doesn't burn during the summer due to the midnight sun. In 1922 the lighthouse got a foghorn with a siren, which gave a signal every thirty seconds, helping in fog and bad visibility. The foghorn could be heard in form of a one to two tone signal with a range of . The fog horn was in use until 1985.
The lighthouse was heavily damaged during World War II by German troops, but it was painstakingly restored after the war. The restored station was designed by architects Blakstad and Munthe-Kaas and it was completed in 1948. The station is owned by the Kystverket and managed by Gamvik Municipality as a tourist center, and overnight accommodations are available in the station buildings. In 1998, the lighthouse was listed as a heritage site. The lighthouse was automated in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31232494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232494" title="Samir Selešković">
Samir Selešković

Samir Selešković (Turkish: Sedat Pınar); born 10 April 1970) former Bosnian professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Fenerbahçe Ülker from Turkey. The former point guard is 1.88 m tall.
He began his stint as Fenerbahçe Ülker assistant coach in the 2007–08 Turkish Basketball League season under head coach Bogdan Tanjević (who led Bosnian basketball club KK Bosna Sarajevo to the 1979 Euroleague Championship title).
He was a member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team in EuroBasket 1993, EuroBasket 1995 Qualifying Round and EuroBasket 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31232506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232506" title="Bombing of Libya">
Bombing of Libya

Bombing of Libya or similar terms may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31232513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232513" title="People Like Us (film)">
People Like Us (film)

People Like Us (during production known as Welcome to People) is a 2012 drama film directed by Alex Kurtzman in his directorial debut, written by Kurtzman, Roberto Orci and Jody Lambert, starring Chris Pine, Elizabeth Banks, Olivia Wilde, Michael Hall D'Addario and Michelle Pfeiffer. A. R. Rahman composed the film's music.
Plot.
Sam (Chris Pine), a struggling corporate barterer in New York, is in trouble after one of his deals violates federal law, and the Federal Trade Commission threatens him with investigation. Sam's boss (Jon Favreau) tells him to bribe federal officials at Sam's expense. Returning home, Sam learns from his girlfriend Hannah (Olivia Wilde) that his estranged record-producer father, Jerry, has died in L.A. of cancer. Sam tries to avoid attending the funeral, but Hannah insists on making arrangements. After flying home to L.A., he stays with Hannah at Jerry's house and has a tense reunion with his mother Lillian (Michelle Pfeiffer).
Sam meets with his father's lawyer (Philip Baker Hall), who tells him that the will leaves Sam no money. Sam receives Jerry's shaving kit and discovers that it contains $150,000 in cash, with a note stipulating that the money be delivered to "Josh Davis."
Josh (Michael Hall D'Addario) turns out to be a troubled 11-year old. His single-mother Frankie (Elizabeth Banks) is a recovering-alcoholic and bartender. Sam secretly follows Frankie to an AA meeting, during which she reveals to the group that she is Jerry's illegitimate daughter, unmentioned in the newspapers. Sam realizes that Frankie is his half-sister and Josh is his nephew. Sam tells Hannah the news and his intention of keeping the money for himself. This disgusts Hannah, and she returns to New York, leaving Sam with Lillian.
Sam introduces himself to Frankie as a fellow alcoholic visiting from New York and becomes involved in her and Josh's lives, giving encouragement and social advice to Josh, while platonically dating Frankie. He learns that Jerry would visit Frankie and her mother on Sundays and that Frankie has never met his "real" wife and son. Growing close to Frankie and Josh, Sam broods over what to do while receiving mounting phone calls from federal officials warning him of his deepening legal trouble. Frankie tells him that she does not want him around Josh since Sam will leave Josh and return to New York. Sam decides to leave but returns to pick up Josh from school when he receives Frankie's phone call at the airport, telling him Josh has been in a fight.
One night, after watching Sam put Josh to bed, Frankie embraces Sam and tells him to stay. Sam reveals his true identity, and Frankie explodes in anger, throwing him out of the apartment. Lillian is hospitalized following a heart condition, and in the waiting room, Hannah finds Sam, and they reconcile. Hannah tells Sam that she has transferred to UCLA and will stay with him. Meanwhile, Frankie receives Jerry's money through a lawyer. Attempting to contact her, Sam finds that she has quit her job and moved with Josh without telling anyone.
After she returns from the hospital, Lillian tells Sam that she made Jerry choose their family over Frankie and her mother. She thought she was protecting Sam, but Jerry rejected Sam, since he was always reminded of the daughter he abandoned. One day Josh, now living in a suburban neighborhood with Frankie, tracks down Lillian's house, and through his step grandmother passes on his home address to Sam.
When Sam visits Frankie, she is angry. He begs for forgiveness and asks for a chance to be her sibling. He shows her an old film reel Jerry shot of a young Sam at a playground. In the film, a girl joins Sam, and Frankie realizes that Jerry had regularly united her and Sam to play together. At this recognition, Frankie accepts Sam as her brother.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack for the film was composed by Academy Award Winner A. R. Rahman. The film marks his first time collaboration with Alex Kurtzman. In an interview, Rahman quoted the director's words on film's music as "Alex said (the music) can’t be epic, it can't be world music...I was following his vision, while at the same time sticking to something that I wanted to do." The soundtrack was released 19 June 2012 via Lakeshore Records.
In the movie, when Sam first puts on one of Jerry's records, the song Fast as a Shark can be heard in the background. 
Home media.
"People Like Us" was released on Blu-ray, DVD, and digital download on 2 October 2012 from Touchstone Home Entertainment. The release was produced in two different physical packages: a 2-disc combo pack (Blu-ray and DVD); and a 1-disc DVD.
Reception.
The movie received mainly mixed reviews from critics. It currently scores a 57% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 95 reviews. The site's critical consensus reads "Though calculated and melodramatic, People Like Us benefits from a pair of solid leads and its rare screenplay that caters to adult filmgoers."

</doc>
<doc id="31232533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232533" title="Edward Gee of Eccleston">
Edward Gee of Eccleston

Edward Gee (1613–1660) of Eccleston was an English presbyterian minister, active against the government in the late 1640s.
Life.
He was the son of George Gee, who was minister of Newton in the parish of Manchester, and nephew of Edward Gee, vicar of Tedburn St Mary; he was born at Banbury. He was educated at Newton school and entered Brasenose College, Oxford, as a commoner on 26 October 1626, taking the degree of B.A. in October 1630. He proceeded M.A. in June 1636, having in the meantime entered the ministry. 
He became chaplain to Richard Parr, at that time both bishop of Sodor and Man, and rector of Eccleston, near Chorley, Lancashire. In June 1640 Gee was married at Eccleston to Elizabeth Raymond. Three years later he succeeded Parr as rector of Eccleston, a living in the gift of William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele as guardian of Richard Lathom; but he left the choice of minister to the people, and they nominated Gee. In 1644 (13 December) he was appointed a commissioner to ordain ministers in Lancashire, and in 1646 was elected a member of the sixth "classis" (Preston) of the Lancashire presbytery; and attained a leading position in that body. 
In 1648, he was suspected, along with other Lancashire divines, of corresponding with the Scottish party and of encouraging dissatisfaction with the existing government. He was arrested pursuant to an order of the council of state of 2 September 1651, but was released after a few weeks' confinement.
In 1654, Angier became an assistant commissioner for ejecting ‘ignorant and scandalous ministers and schoolmasters.’ In November 1656 he preached a funeral sermon on Richard Hollinworth, and received the thanks of the Manchester classis. He died at Eccleston on 27 May 1660, and was buried in his church there.
Works.
In 1648, he signed the ‘Harmonious Consent of the Ministers of the Province of … Lancaster with their Reverend Brethren of … London.’ In February of the same year his name was appended, as scribe to the provincial synod held at Preston, to ‘A Solemn Exhortation made and published to the several Churches of Christ within the Province of Lancaster,’ London, 1649. He was also one of the signers of the answer to the paper called ‘The Agreement of the People,’ 1649. He is credited with writing ‘A Plea for Non (Sub) Scribers, or the Grounds and Reasons of many Ministers … for their Refusall of the late Engagement modestly Propounded,’ 1650, pp. 136. About this time he wrote two other anonymous pamphlets: 
In 1653, he published ‘A Treatise of Prayer and of Divine Providence as relating to it,’ pp. 499, of which there was a second edition in 1666. He was joint author with Hollinworth of a preface to Brownsword's ‘Rome's Conviction,’ 1654, His last publication was ‘The Divine Right and Originall of Civil Magistrates from God Illustrated and Vindicated,’ 1658, apparently written in favour of Charles II, then in exile.

</doc>
<doc id="31232534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232534" title="Tan Chorh Chuan">
Tan Chorh Chuan

Tan Chorh Chuan (陈祝全) is President of the National University of Singapore (NUS), serving since December 2008. He is Professor of Medicine at the National University of Singapore and Senior Consultant at the Division of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, National University Hospital (NUH). Currently, he also serves as the Deputy Chairman of Singapore’s Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) and Senior Advisor to the Governing Board of Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School.
Biography.
Tan graduated from the National University of Singapore in 1983. Thereafter, he started his medical career as a renal physician. He went on to serve in several concurrent hospital and academic appointments from 1987 beginning as a faculty member with the Department of Medicine at NUS and Registrar, Division of Nephrology, Department of Medicine at NUH. Tan completed his PhD in 1992 with a dissertation entitled "Regulation of erythropoietin messenger RNA". He became a Senior Consultant with the Division of Nephrology at NUH since 1997 and a Professor of Medicine with NUS since 1999. He was promoted to Chief and Head of the Department of Medicine from 1997 to 1998. Subsequently, he became the Dean of Faculty of Medicine, NUS and also Chairman of the NUH Medical Board from 1997 to 2000. Tan served as the NUS's Provost and Deputy President between 2004 to 2007 and then as Senior Deputy President before assuming the appointment of President.

</doc>
<doc id="31232535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232535" title="Communalism (political philosophy)">
Communalism (political philosophy)

Communalism (spelled with a capital "C" to differentiate it from other forms) is a libertarian socialist political philosophy coined by author and activist Murray Bookchin as a political system to complement his environmental philosophy of social ecology. Communalism proposes that markets and money be abolished and that land and enterprises - i.e., private property - be placed increasingly in the custody of the community – more precisely, the custody of citizens in free assemblies and their delegates in confederal councils. (However, Communalists retain respect for personal property.) The planning of work, the choice of technologies, the management and distribution of goods are seen as questions that can only be resolved in practice. The maxim "from each according to ability, to each according to need" is taken as a bedrock guide for an economically rational society, where all goods are designed and manufactured to have the highest durability and quality, a society where needs are guided by rational and ecological standards, and where the ancient notions of limit and balance replace the capitalist imperative of "grow or die".
In such a municipal economy – confederal, interdependent, and rational by ecological, not only technological, standards – Communalists hold that the special interests that divide people today into workers, professionals, managers, capitalist owners and so on would be melded into a general interest (a "social" interest) in which people see themselves as citizens guided strictly by the needs of their community and region rather than by personal proclivities and vocational concerns. Here, it is hoped, citizenship would come into its own, and rational as well as ecological interpretations of the public good would supplant class and hierarchical interests.
Overview.
While renowned as an influential thinker of social anarchism for much of his life, beginning in 1995, Bookchin became increasingly critical of political anarchism, and in 1999 took a decisive stand against anarchist ideology. He had come to recognize his political beliefs as a genuinely new form of libertarian socialism, and positioned its politics firmly in the framework of a new political ideology. 
While originally conceived as being within the existing framework of social anarchism, he developed Communalism into a separate ideology which incorporates what he saw as the most beneficial elements of left anarchism, Marxism, syndicalism, and radical ecology.
Politics.
Libertarian municipalism.
Starting in the 1970s, Bookchin argued that the arena for libertarian social change should be the municipal level. In a 2001 interview he summarized his views this way: "The overriding problem is to change the structure of society so that people gain power. The best arena to do that is the municipality — the city, town, and village — where we have an opportunity to create a face-to-face democracy." In 1980 Bookchin used the term "libertarian municipalism", to describe a system in which libertarian institutions of directly democratic assemblies would oppose and replace the state with a confederation of free municipalities. Libertarian municipalism intends to create a situation in which the two powers — the municipal confederations and the nation-state — cannot coexist. Communalists hold that this is a method to achieve a liberated society.
Libertarian municipalism is seen not merely as an effort to “take over” city and municipal councils to construct a more “environmentally friendly” government, but rather an effort to transform and democratize these structures, to root them in popular assemblies and to knit them together along confederal lines to appropriate a regional economy. Bookchin summarized this process in the saying "democratize the republic, then radicalize the democracy".
It is a dual power that contests the legitimacy of the existing state power. Communalists hold that such a movement should be expected to begin slowly, perhaps sporadically, in communities here and there that initially may demand only the ability to alter the structuring of society before enough interlinked confederations exist to demand the outright institutional power to replace the centralized state. The growing tension created by the emergence of municipal confederations would represent a confrontation between the state and the political realms. It is believed this confrontation can be resolved only after Communalism forms the new politics of a popular movement and ultimately captures the imagination of society at large.
Confederalism.
Communalists see as equally important the need for confederation – the interlining of communities with one another through recallable delegates mandated by municipal citizens’ assemblies and whose sole functions are coordinative and administrative. This is similar to the system of "nested councils" found in participatory politics.
According to Bookchin, "Confederation has a long history of its own that dates back to antiquity and that surfaced as a major alternative to the nation-state. From the American Revolution through the French Revolution and the Spanish Revolution of 1936, confederalism constituted a major challenge to state centralism". Communalism is seen to add a radically democratic dimension to the contemporary discussions of confederation (e.g. Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia) by calling for confederations not of nation-states but of municipalities and of the neighborhoods of large cities as well as towns and villages.
Policy and administration.
Communalists make a clear distinction between the concepts of "policy" and "administration". This distinction is seen as fundamental to Communalist principles. 
Policy is defined by being made by a community or neighborhood assembly of free citizens; administration on the other hand, is performed by confederal councils a level up from the local assemblies which are composed of mandated, recallable delegates of wards, towns, and villages. If particular communities or neighborhoods –or a minority grouping of them– choose to go their own way to a point where human rights are violated or where ecological destruction is permitted, the majority in a local or regional confederation would have the right to prevent such practices through its confederal council. This is explained not as a denial of democracy but the assertion of a shared agreement by all to recognize civil rights and maintain the ecological integrity of a region.
Policy-making remains local, but its administration is vested in the confederal network as a whole. The confederation is intended to be a community of communities based on distinct human rights and ecological imperatives.
Participation in currently existing political systems.
One of the core distinctions between left anarchism and Communalism is that Communalists are not opposed in principle to taking part in currently existing political institutions until such a time as it is deemed unnecessary. Communalists see no issues with supporting candidates or political parties in mainstream electoral politics—especially municipal elections—as long as prospective candidates are libertarian socialist and anti-statist in policy. The particular goal of this process is to elevate Communalists (or those sympathetic to Communalism) to a position of power so as to construct face-to-face municipal assemblies to maximize direct democracy and make existing forms of representative democracy increasingly irrelevant.
Economics.
Communalism proposes a radically different form of economy – one that is neither nationalized nor collectivized according to syndicalist precepts. It proposes that markets and money be abolished and that land and enterprises be placed increasingly in the custody of the community – more precisely, the custody of citizens in free assemblies and their delegates in confederal councils. How work should be planned, what technologies should be used, how goods should be distributed are seen as questions that can only be resolved in practice. The maxim "from each according to ability, to each according to need" is taken as a bedrock guide for an economically rational society, provided to be sure that goods are of the highest durability and quality, that needs are guided by rational and ecological standards, and that the ancient notions of limit and balance replace the capitalist imperative of "grow or die".
In such a municipal economy – confederal, interdependent, and rational by ecological, not simply technological, standards – Communalists hold that the special interests that divide people today into workers, professionals, managers, and so on would be melded into a general interest in which people see themselves as citizens guided strictly by the needs of their community and region rather than by personal proclivities and vocational concerns. Here, it is hoped, citizenship would come into its own, and rational as well as ecological interpretations of the public good would supplant class and hierarchical interests.

</doc>
<doc id="31232538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232538" title="CKSX-FM">
CKSX-FM

CKSX-FM is a community radio station which broadcasts on the frequency 91.1 MHz FM in Sioux Narrows, Ontario, Canada.
The station is owned by The Corporation of the Township of Sioux Narrows-Nestor Falls; the date of establishment for CKSX-FM is currently unknown.
The station's format is currently unknown, though the township government utilises the station for emergency announcements when needed. The station airs Radio Paradise throughout the day with hourly announcements of current time & weather conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="31232566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232566" title="Cold Bay Air Force Station">
Cold Bay Air Force Station

Cold Bay Air Force Station (AAC ID: F-26, LRR ID: A-08, DEW ID: COB-MAIN) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located southwest of Anchorage, Alaska. 
The ground control intercept (GCI) station F-26 was closed on 1 November 1983. A new minimally attended Long Range Radar (LRR) site, A-08 was built about 5 miles to the southeast of the closed Air Force Station as part of the Alaska Radar System. Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air Support Group, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
History.
Cold Bay AFS was a continental defense radar station constructed to provide the United States Air Force early warning of an attack by the Soviet Union on Alaska. 
Planning for a surveillance station at Cold Bay began in July 1956 and construction commenced later that year. Not part of the first 25 Aircraft Control and Warning (AC&W) radar stations, Cold Bay AFS was added as part of the Aleutian extension of the Distant Early Warning Line (DEW Line). The radar station and support base was located at the southest end of the Aleutian Peninsula, about 7 miles west-northwest of the former Fort Randall Army Air Base (later Thornbrough Air Force Base). The airport facilities were used as a logitics support terminal during the construction of the site, which was completed in September 1958. 
The station consisted of a power/heating plant, water and fuel storage tanks, gymnasium and other support office buildings. Two other buildings contained living quarters, work areas, and recreational facilities plus opportunities for such sports as skiing, skating, horseshoes, and basketball. The station buildings were, except for the civil engineering building connected by heated hallways. As a result, personnel stationed there, with only very few exceptions, were able to wear "summer" uniforms year round, unless they had a need to go outside during the winter season. The coverings of the station's three radar towers were heated from within to keep the covering from becoming brittle from extreme cold, and thus subject to being damaged or destroyed by high winds. Tours at the station were limited to one year because of the psychological strain and physical hardships. 
The 714th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron (AC&W Sq) operated AN/FPS-3, AN/FPS-20A, and AN/FPS-6(-90) radars. Cold Bay AFS operated as a long-range surveillance radar station which provided information 24/7 to the air defense Direction Center at Fire Island AFS where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile. An AN/FYQ-9 Semiautomatic Data Processing and Display System was installed and became operational in July 1965, eliminating the need to pass track data manually.
Communications were initially provided by a high frequency radio system which proved unreliable because of atmospheric disturbances. The Alaskan Air Command, after investigating various options, decided to build the White Alice Communications System, a system of Air Force-owned tropospheric scatter and microwave radio relay sites operated by the Air Force Communications Service (AFCS). The Cold Bay site, located next to the radars, was activated in 1958. It was inactivated in 1979, and replaced by an Alascom owned and operated satellite earth terminal as part of an Air Force plan to divest itself of the obsolete White Alice Communications System and transfer the responsibility to a commercial firm.
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. In 1982, a new AN/FPS-117 minimally attended radar under Alaskan Air Command's Seek Igloo program was constructed about 2 miles southeast of the station . It was designed to transmit aircraft tracking data via satellite to the Alaskan NORAD Regional Operations Control Center (ROCC) at Elmendorf AFB. 
No longer needed, the 714th AC&W Sq was inactivated on 1 November 1983. In 1990, jurisdiction of the Cold Bay LRR Site was transferred to Pacific Air Force (PACAF)'s Eleventh Air Force with the redesignation of AAC.
In 1998 PACAF initiated "Operation Clean Sweep", in which abandoned Cold War stations in Alaska were remediated and the land restored to its previous state. After years of neglect the facilities at the station had lost any value they had when the site was closed. The site remediation was carried out by the 611th Civil Engineering Squadron at Elmendorf AFB, and remediation work was completed by 2005.
Current status.
Today very little of the former Cold Bay Air Force Station remains. The site is controlled by the PACAF 611th Air Support Group, based at Elmendorf AFB. It is generally unattended; a few civilian contractors access the Cold Bay LRR Site via the Cold Bay Airport for maintaining the facilities.
Air Force units and assignments.
Units.
Assignments:
Detached DEW Line sites.
The 714th was a unique AC&W squadron, with its support for DEW Line stations in the Aleutians between 1959 and 1969. It was the only one that covered such a large area. It had five manned detachments at remote sites, each located about 130 miles apart stretching from just west of King Salmon all the way to Nikolski Island, about halfway to Shemya. In effect, they were responsible for radar coverage for all of the Aleutian Peninsula as well as the major Aleutian Islands. No other squadron had such a mission. Each site had an AN/FPS-19 search radar and troposcatter radio relay.
Staffing at the detachments included 3 cooks, one water treatment tech, one electrician, an admin/crypto specialist, one vehicle maintenance tech, the commander, three radio techs, a supply tech, a first Sgt, three radar techs, three power production techs and the remainder scope operators. These detachments were located at:
Each detachment was manned by 24 enlisted, one officer and in some instances a civilian technical representative. The manning of the squadron and the detachments was part of a "minimum manning" experiment. If you were assigned to a detachment you stayed there 365 without leave. Only way to leave early was due to severe sickness or a major emergency at home such as death of immediate family member.
These five Aleutian DEW Line sites were deactivated 30 September 1969. The main site at Cold Bay AFS was converted to a NORAD surveillance site.

</doc>
<doc id="31232573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232573" title="Perunthalaivar Makkal Katchi">
Perunthalaivar Makkal Katchi

Perunthalaivar Makkal Katchi (PTMK) is a political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
History.
The party is floated as forum by the nadar community who have nativity in southern tamil nadu
The party believes and focused to get high turnouts with its vote base mainly concentrated towards the nadar's in the southern region of Tamil Nadu.
Election Alliance.
The ruling Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) in Tamil Nadu on allotted one seat for them. Both parties signed an agreement in this regard at the DMK headquarters here after talks with DMK president and Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi. Mr. Dhanapalan is the party candidate contesting with the DMK symbol.

</doc>
<doc id="31232577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232577" title="Nikola Pešaković">
Nikola Pešaković

Nikola Pešaković (Cyrillic: Никола Пешаковић; born April 16, 1991) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Borac Čačak of the Serbian League.
Professional career.
Pešaković began his professional career with Borac Čačak in the 2009–10 season. In March 2011, Pešaković signed a four-year contract with Partizan. In January 2012, Pešaković was loaned to Borac Čačak until the end of the 2011–12 season. In August 2012, Pešaković signed a one-year-plus-one-year contract with Vojvodina Srbijagas. In September 2013, he returned to his former club Borac Čačak. 

</doc>
<doc id="31232590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232590" title="1993–94 Norwich City F.C. season">
1993–94 Norwich City F.C. season

During the 1993–94 English football season, Norwich City F.C. competed in the FA Premier League.
Season summary.
Norwich City's achievements in 1992-93 were outstanding - a club-best third place finish and their first ever European place, all of this achieved with a relatively tight transfer budget and one of the Premiership's smaller fan bases.
Manager Mike Walker's achievements were far from over as the campaign began. They were close behind runaway leaders Manchester United in the title race, but most impressively eliminated Bayern Munich from the UEFA Cup in the second round; in doing so, they became the only English side to beat Bayern on their own soil. The dream came to an end in the third round as the Canaries were eliminated by Inter Milan.
Walker quit the club in January to take over at Everton, and his assistant John Deehan took over. Deehan was unable to keep up the momentum and Norwich slumped to 12th place in the final table, the decline accelerated by a 10-match winless run which was the longest of any Premier League club during the season with the exception of Swindon's 16-match winless start. The record-breaking sale of young striker Chris Sutton to Blackburn Rovers left Norwich with a big hole to fill in their attack, and the only major signing of the close season was midfielder Mike Milligan from Oldham Athletic.
Final league table.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
1 Arsenal qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup as defending champions
2 Aston Villa qualified for the UEFA Cup as League Cup winners
3 Chelsea qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup as FA Cup runners-up
P = Games Played; W = Games Won; D = Games Drawn; L = Games Lost; F = Goals For; A = Goals Against; Pts = Points
Results.
"Norwich City's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/1993-1994/faprem/norwich.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="31232596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232596" title="Ruprecht of the Palatinate (Archbishop of Cologne)">
Ruprecht of the Palatinate (Archbishop of Cologne)

Ruprecht of the Palatinate (27 February 1427 – 16 or 26 July 1480) was the Archbishop and Prince Elector of Cologne from 1463 to 1480.
He was the third son of Louis III, Count Palatine of the Rhine, by his second wife, Matilda of Savoy. He renounced his claim to lands of the Palatinate and studied for holy orders at the universities of Heidelberg and Cologne. He was a canon in the Mainz Cathedral and then became subdeacon of the cathedral chapter at Cologne and cathedral provost at Würzburg.
Ruprecht was elected Archbishop of Cologne on 30 March 1463, but not confirmed by the Pope until August 1464 and not consecrated until Palm Sunday 1468. He only received the episcopal regalia from the Holy Roman Emperor in August 1471. Chosen for his family connections, he faced the challenge of guarding the Electorate of Cologne against diminution of its powers while solving its internal problems, in particular the shortage of income from being denied the toll income from the most important Rhine trading towns, which had been mortgaged by his predecessor, Dietrich II von Moers, to raise money for war. He was required to agree to 23 articles presented by the cathedral chapter limiting his financial options which the chapter and the Estates had agreed upon four days before his election, and to the chapter holding the important trading town of Zons as a pledge of his good behaviour.
Ruprecht quarrelled with his advisors and became involved in external politics. In 1467, he entered into an alliance with Adolf, Duke of Guelders against the Duke of Cleves, with the aim of regaining control over Soest, Xanten and Rees. After finally receiving his regalia, by autumn 1471 he was repudiating the agreement he himself had had a hand in drafting as a chapter member and demanding higher taxes, and to obtain them, he occupied Zons.
Ruprecht persisted in trying to reduce the privileges of cities within the archbishopric. With military and financial assistance from his brother Frederick I, Elector Palatine, he began the Cologne Ecclesiastical Conflict (), which grew into the Burgundian Wars. The majority of Ruprecht's vassals, including the citizens of Cologne, renounced their allegiance to him and asked both the Pope and Emperor Frederick III to intervene. In open rebellion, they proclaimed Landgrave Hermann of Hesse administrator and protector of the archbishopric. Only a few minor lords remained loyal to Ruprecht. Ruprecht appealed for help to Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy, who announced himself the protector of Cologne. The Emperor attempted in December 1473 to mediate the conflict, but failed. In 1474, Charles besieged Neuss, a stronghold of the rebels in which Hermann had taken refuge; the Reichstag decided at Augsburg to go to war against Charles, and a general call to arms was issued in the German Empire. The Siege of Neuss lasted almost a year and ended in Charles accepting the Pope's mediation, including concerning Ruprecht's position as archbishop.
Ruprecht had been excommunicated by the Pope in 1472 for not paying required contributions from his see to Rome. His position continued to weaken; his brother did not support him against the Emperor and died on 12 December 1476, and he lost the support of all but Kempen and Altenahr and in March 1478 was taken captive by the Hessians. Imprisoned in Burg Blankenstein near Gladenbach and with the Duke of Jülich-Berg acting as mediator, he was forced to renounce his position as archbishop in exchange for an income of 4,000 gold guilders. He died before the Pope granted acceptance of his resignation, and was buried in the Bonn Minster. His successor as Archbishop of Cologne was Hermann of Hesse, who had successfully defended Neuss against him and his allies and became Hermann IV; he gave Ruprecht an imposing tomb.
Ruprecht had some success in monastic reform, extending even to institutions outside his area of control, in Cleves and Jülich-Berg. He was passionate about hunting and hawking.

</doc>
<doc id="31232599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232599" title="W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 (Coimbra)">
W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 (Coimbra)

W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Coimbra were the joint 16th edition of the W.A.K.O. world championships and was the second event (the Belgrade event having been held a month previously). The championships were for amateur male and female kickboxers and martial artists, covering the following categories; Full-Contact, Semi-Contact, Musical Forms and Aero Kickboxing. In the contact kickboxing categories (Semi and Full), weight classes ranged from light bantamweight (51 kg/112 lbs) to super heavyweight (over 91 kg/200.6 lbs). The Musical Forms and Aero Kickboxing categories did not have weight classes but had differents forms. More information on the categories, weight classes and rules is provided in the various sections below. In total there were around 600 competitors at the event, representing fifty countries from five continents, competing in forty-three competitions. The Coimbra championships were held at the Pavilhão Multiusos de Coimbra in Coimbra, Portugal from Monday, November 26 to Sunday, December 2, 2007.
Full-Contact.
Full-Contact is kickboxing where the intention is to defeat the opponent using legal techniques applying full force. Legal strikes include punches and kicks to the head (front, side and forehead), the torso (front and side) and foot/feet (sweeps). Attacks that are illegal include strikes to the top of the head, the back, the top of the shoulders, the neck and anywhere below the belt (expect for foot sweeps). As with most forms of amateur competition, all fighters are required to wear protection for their head, teeth, breast (women only) groin, shin and feet, and must fight with the standard 10oz gloves.
A minimum of six kicks must be thrown each round or points may be deducted by the referee. Each fight is three, two minute rounds and is scored by three judges. The judges will score successful (legal) strikes that are not blocked, and are thrown with full power. Illegal moves may result in points deduction or if repeated, disqualification. In the event of a draw after three rounds the judges will base the victor on who was stronger in the final round, or failing that will use their remarks from each round to deduce who wins. Victory can be achieved by a point's decision, technical knockout or knockout, abandonment (when one fighter gives up), disqualification or by a walkover (other fighter is unable to participate). If a fighter is knocked down three times in the fight he will automatically lose via technical knockout. More detail on Full-Contact rules can be found at the official W.A.K.O. website. 
At Coimbra the men had twelve weight classes ranging from light bantamweight (51 kg/112.2 lbs) to super heavyweight (over 91 kg/200.2 lbs), while the women's had seven, ranging from bantamweight (51 kg/112.2 lbs) to super heavyweight (over 70 kg/154 lbs). By the end of the championships, the nation that dominated Full-Contact was Russia with an impressive haul of ten gold, four silvers and one bronze, in both the male and female categories.
Semi-Contact.
This form of kickboxing is defined by the competitors trying to outscore one another with the use of light and well-controlled contact, with the emphasis being placed on delivery, technique and speed, using both legal hand and foot techniques. It is similar to Light-Contact kickboxing only that less force is used in Semi-Contact, with almost all fights won on points, although matches have been stopped by the referee due to a KO/TKO on rare occasions. Attacks are allowed to the head (front, side, back and forehead), torso (front and side) leg (foot sweeps only) and must be of reasonable force (not a push or a brush). Excessive force is prohibited as are attacks to the top of the head, back, top of shoulders, neck and below the belt (aside from foot sweeps) or any kicks using the heel (the sole of foot must be used instead). It is also illegal to grab an opponent or throw them to the ground. Semi-Contact is seen as a good starting position for fighters who want fight experience without the additional physicality of Full or (to a lesser extent) Light-Contact kickboxing. Despite the less physical nature all fighters are still required to wear protection for their head, teeth, breast (women only) groin, shin and feet, and must fight with the standard 10oz gloves. 
Fighters score the following points for landing a controlled strike on their opponent; punch, kick to body, foot sweep (1 point), kick to head, jumping kick to body (2 points), jumping kick to head (3 points). Each fight is three, two-minute rounds and is scored by three judges. In the event of a draw the match will be scored electronically. Victory can be achieved by points decision, knockout or technical knockout (both rare), abandonment (when one fighter gives up), disqualification or by a walkover (the other fighter is unable to participate). More detail on Semi-Contact rules can be found at the official W.A.K.O. website. 
Semi-Contact uses slightly different weight classes from Full-Contact kickboxing. At Coimbra the men's Semi-Contact competition had nine weight classes ranging from 57 kg/125.4 lbs to over 94 kg/206.8 lbs, while the women's had six, ranging from 50 kg/110 lbs to over 70 kg/154 lbs. There was also a team event at the competition, involving three men and one woman for each of the participating nations, with the woman to be paired against another woman only. By the end of the championships, Hungary was the top nation in Semi-Contact with four gold, three silver and two bronze medals, in the male, female and team categories.
Musical Forms.
Musical Forms is a non-physical competition which involves the contestant fighting against imaginary opponents using Martial Arts techniques to music of their choice. There are no weight classes as with most other W.A.K.O. categories although there are separate male and female competitions and, unlike the contact categories, an individual country was allowed more than one competitor. There are four separate categories in Musical Forms:
Points can be deducted for routines that are too short or go past the allocated time. Points are also deducted for contestants who drop weapons, loss of synchronization with the music, lose balance, perform illegal moves such as western break dancing etc. The competitors are allowed three gymnastic moves per performance, any more results in a point(s) deduction. Disqualification can occur if too many errors occur. Points are awarded for successful form and technique (e.g. delivery of kicks and punches), balance, degree of difficulty involved in a move, synchronization and more. The winner of each category is scored after seven presentations with points scored out of ten for the performance. If a fighter is tied on points after the presentation they will share a spot (or medal). More information on Musical Forms and the rules can be found on the W.A.K.O. website. By the end of the championships, Russia was the strongest nation in Musical Forms having won four golds, four silvers and five bronzes in both the male and female categories. 
Aero Kickboxing.
As with Musical Forms, Aero Kickboxing is a non physical competition, involving aerobic and kickboxing techniques in time to specifically selected music. This music must be between 135 and 155 b.p.m. and must not contain any swear words or inappropriate noises. There are no weight divisions like in other forms of kickboxing in W.A.K.O. but there are separate male, female and team categories, each split into 'with (aerobic) step' or 'without (aerobic) step', and, unlike the contact categories, an individual country was allowed more than one competitor, with the team event even having several teams from the same country. Each performance must be between 1.5 to 2 minutes long and be 70% kickboxing and 30% aerobics, with at least five kicks/punches per period (every 32 musical beats).
Points are deducted for any hesitation or loss of balance, insufficient number of kickboxing or aerobic techniques, touching the floor with any part of body other than the feet, over repetition of the same moves, and loss of synchronization with team mates in team competition. Competitors can be disqualified for inappropriate music (with swearing/unsuitable noises) or the wearing of sports bras. Points are rewarded for clean technique with difficultly of moves being taken into consideration and good synchronization with team mates in team competition. The winner of each category is scored after seven separate performances, with points scored between 7 and 10 for each performance. More information on Musical Forms and the rules can be found on the W.A.K.O. website. Hungary and Slovenia were joint top in Aero Kickboxing at the end of the championships, having won two golds and two silvers each. 
Overall Medals Standing (Top 5).
The top nation at the W.A.K.O. Amateur World Championships in Coimbra was Russia (who was also the top nation at the event held in Belgrade the previous month). The country gained fifteen golds, nine silvers and ten bronzes, across all categories, male and female.

</doc>
<doc id="31232604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232604" title="Coal Aston Airfield">
Coal Aston Airfield

Coal Aston Airfield is located north of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England. It is a grass strip on high ground east of and above Dronfield, some south of central Sheffield. It is operated from a nearby farmhouse and prior permission is required. The field is grazed by cattle. Overnight parking is possible and hangarage may be available. A range of aircraft types may be accepted at the owners' discretion, including non-radio traffic. It is very much a general aviation airfield.
The strip, approximately long, has a dip in the middle and a hump at the 11 end.

</doc>
<doc id="31232631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232631" title="Salty O'Rourke">
Salty O'Rourke

"Salty O'Rourke" is a 1945 film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Alan Ladd and Gail Russell. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946

</doc>
<doc id="31232659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232659" title="Reifendrehen">
Reifendrehen

Reifendrehen is a unique type of toy manufacture using wood turning techniques that was developed in the Ore Mountains in the vicinity of the town of Seiffen and continues there to the present day. The process produces small animals and other figures or even little wooden houses in outline, that are used as toys or to decorate Christmas pyramids or Nativity scenes. The animals and figures ("Reifentiere" and "Reifenfiguren") so produced are an inherent part of Ore Mountain folk art.
Production.
In the process known as "Reifendrehen" (literally "tyre turning") a suitable piece of wood, as far as possible free of splits, is worked on a special wood lathe to produce a wooden ring with a diameter of about 30 to 50 centimetres, the cross-section of which forms the outline of the desired figure. Small slices are then sawn off the ring. These are used as the raw material from which the finished figures are made by carving and painting.
The technique of "Reifendrehen", which demands great experience and skill, emerged around 1800. It enabled, during the 19th century, the efficient mass production of wooden figures, because it was faster and cheaper than pure woodcarving by hand. Today part of the exhibition at the Ore Mountain Toy Museum in Seiffen is dedicated to the craft of the turners - the "Reifendreher" - who make these toys. In addition, there are several visitor workshops in the region around Seiffen.

</doc>
<doc id="31232673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232673" title="A Private's Affair">
A Private's Affair

"A Private's Affair" is a 1959 film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Sal Mineo and Christine Carère. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1960.
Plot.
Two guys from New York—Luigi, a hip wanna-be beatnik and Jerry, who's from Long Island—end up in Army basic training in New Jersey, as does Mike, who's a rancher from Oregon.
At a dance, Luigi falls for Marie, a neighbor of Jerry, who in turn develops a romantic interest in Luigi's friend Louise. A WAC named Katie ends up accompanying Mike to the dance. The three G.I.s can sing and end up invited to perform on a New York television program, but Jerry becomes ill and is hospitalized.
Assistant Secretary to the Army Elizabeth Chapman, meanwhile, wants to keep a 6-year-old Dutch girl from being sent back to Holland after the girl's mother dies. Elizabeth decides to marry the girl's gravely injured father so she can assume custody of the child. By mistake, an unconscious Jerry is wheeled in and ends up wed to Elizabeth, who had no idea what the girl's dad looked like.
Chaos ensues, as Jerry is repeatedly arrested or brought to see psychiatrists when he claims to have been accidentally married to one of the top officers in the U.S. Army.
Notes.
A few years after "A Private's Affair" came out, Denver and Backus became "Gilligan's Island" co-stars.

</doc>
<doc id="31232675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232675" title="Roman Svintsitskyi">
Roman Svintsitskyi

Roman Mykhailovych Svintsitskyi (; born 28 February 1981 in Lviv) is a Ukrainian professional footballer. As of 2011, he plays for FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne.

</doc>
<doc id="31232688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232688" title="Richard Parr">
Richard Parr

Richard Parr (1592?–1644) was an English bishop of Sodor and Man.
Life.
He was born about 1592 in Lancashire. On 2 September 1609 he entered Brasenose College, Oxford, then aged 17. He commenced B.A. 17 June 1613, was elected Fellow in 1614, and proceeded M.A. 19 April 1616, B.D. 10 June 1624, D.D. 1 July 1634.
In 1616 he took orders, and was a frequent preacher, as well as a tutor. On 25 August 1626 he was instituted rector of Ladbroke, Warwickshire. In 1629 he resigned that living, and was instituted (6 February) to the rectory of Eccleston. On 10 June 1635 he was consecrated bishop of Sodor and Man, retaining Eccleston "in commendam". He wintered in England.
In 1641 Parr rebuilt St. Catherine's, Ramsey. His chaplain and curate at Eccleston was Edward Gee. In October 1643 the living was sequestered and given to Gee. Parr remained in his diocese, where he was not disturbed, as the Isle of Man was held by the royalists till 1651.
He died at Bishop's Court, Peel, on 23 March 1644, and was buried on 26 March in the grave of Bishop John Phillips in St Germans Cathedral, Peel. The see was not filled until 1661, by the appointment of Samuel Rutter (died 30 May 1663).
His son, Robert Parr, was rector of Ballaugh (1640–70). The bishop spelled his name originally Parre, and later Parr. He published some sermons.

</doc>
<doc id="31232694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232694" title="Cloud Atlas (film)">
Cloud Atlas (film)

Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German drama and science fiction film written, produced and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer. Adapted from the 2004 novel "Cloud Atlas" by David Mitchell, the film has multiple plotlines set across six different eras. The official synopsis describes it as "an exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution."
During four years of development, the project met difficulties securing financial support; it was eventually produced with a $102 million budget provided by independent sources, making it one of the most expensive independent films of all time. Production began in September 2011 at Studio Babelsberg in Potsdam-Babelsberg, Germany.
It premiered on 9 September 2012 at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival and was released on 26 October 2012 in conventional and IMAX cinemas. It polarized critics, and has been included on various Best Film and Worst Film lists. It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score for Tykwer (who co-scored the film), Johnny Klimek and Reinhold Heil. It received several nominations at the Saturn Awards including Best Science Fiction Film, winning for Best Editing and Best Make-up.
Plot.
It consists of six interrelated and interwoven stories spanning different time periods. According to novelist David Mitchell, it is structured "as a sort of pointillist mosaic."
Pacific Islands, 1849.
Adam Ewing, an American lawyer from San Francisco, has come to the Chatham Islands to conclude a business arrangement with Reverend Gilles Horrox for his father-in-law, Haskell Moore. He witnesses the whipping of a Moriori slave, Autua, who later stows away on the ship. He confronts Ewing and convinces him to advocate for him to join the crew as a free man. Meanwhile, Dr Henry Goose slowly poisons Ewing, claiming it to be the cure for a parasitic worm, aiming to steal Ewing's valuables. When Goose attempts to administer the fatal dose, Autua saves Ewing. Returning to the United States, Ewing and his wife Tilda denounce her father's complicity in slavery and leave San Francisco to join the abolition movement.
Cambridge, 1936.
Robert Frobisher, a bisexual English composer, finds work as an amanuensis to aging composer Vyvyan Ayrs, allowing Frobisher the time and inspiration to compose his own masterpiece, "The Cloud Atlas Sextet." While working for Ayrs, Frobisher begins reading the published chronicle of Ewing's journal, which he has found among the many books at Ayrs's mansion. He never finishes the journal and notes in a letter that "A half-finished book is, after all, a half-finished love affair." When "The Cloud Atlas Sextet" is revealed to Ayrs, he wishes to take credit for Frobisher's work, claiming it is the result of their collaboration and threatens to expose his scandalous background if he resists. Frobisher shoots and wounds Ayrs and flees to a hotel. Perhaps spurred by his inability to complete Ewing's book, he finishes "The Cloud Atlas Sextet", then commits suicide just before his lover Rufus Sixsmith arrives.
San Francisco, 1973.
Journalist Luisa Rey meets an older Rufus Sixsmith, now a nuclear physicist. Sixsmith tips off Rey to a conspiracy regarding the safety of a new nuclear reactor run by Lloyd Hooks, but is killed by Hooks' hitman Bill Smoke before he can give her a report that proves it. Rey finds and reads Frobisher's letters to Sixsmith, resulting in her tracking down a vinyl recording of Frobisher's "The Cloud Atlas Sextet." Isaac Sachs, another scientist at the power plant, passes her a copy of Sixsmith's report. However, Smoke kills Sachs by blowing up the plane in which he is flying, and later runs Rey's car off a bridge. Although she escapes, the report is destroyed. With help from the plant's head of security, Joe Napier, who knew her father, she evades another attempt on her life, which results in Smoke's death. With another copy of the report she exposes the plot to use a nuclear accident for the benefit of oil companies.
London, 2012.
65-year-old publisher Timothy Cavendish reaps a windfall when Dermot Hoggins, the gangster author of "Knuckle Sandwich", publicly murders a critic who gave the novel a harsh review. When Hoggins' brothers threaten Cavendish's life to get his share of the profits, Cavendish asks for help from his wealthy brother Denholme. Instead Denholme avenges an old affair with his wife by tricking Timothy into signing papers "voluntarily" committing himself to a nursing home (in Ayrs' old mansion), where the head nurse, Noakes, is abusive and contact with the outside world is denied. While there, Cavendish reads a manuscript of a novel based on Luisa Rey's story. Plotting with three other residents who were similarly tricked by their families, Cavendish escapes and goes on to write a screenplay of his story.
Neo Seoul, 2144.
Sonmi~451 is a genetically-engineered fabricant, a human clone and slave worker, living a compliant life of servitude as a server at a fast food restaurant. She recounts her memories before an interviewer, an archivist whose purpose is to document her thoughts and story for the future. Sonmi begins by recounting a day in the life of a fabricant like herself. She tells how she was exposed to ideas of rebellion and liberation (based on Cavendish's adventures), and how she was rescued from captivity by Commander Hae-Joo Chang, a member of a rebel movement known as "Union". He smuggles her to a residence in Neo Seoul where he exposes Sonmi to the larger world, including the banned writings of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and a film version of Timothy Cavendish's "ghastly ordeal". They are found and Sonmi is captured. Hae-Joo rescues her, introduces her to the leader of the rebel movement, then shows her that fabricants are not freed at the end of their contract as they are told, but are killed and recycled into food for other clones. She decides that the system of society based on slavery and exploitation is intolerable, and makes a public broadcast of her story and manifesto. Hae-Joo is killed in a firefight and Sonmi is captured. After telling her story to the archivist, she is executed.
Big Isle, 106 winters after The Fall.
Zachry lives in a primitive society called "The Valley" after most of humanity has died during "The Fall," a largely-unexplained apocalyptic event. The Valley tribesmen speak a pidgin form of English, and worship a goddess called Sonmi (Sonmi~451), their sacred text taken from the broadcast of her manifesto. Zachry is plagued by hallucinations of a demonic figure called "Old Georgie", who attempts to manipulate him into giving in to his fears. One day, Zachry, his brother-in-law Adam and his nephew are attacked by the cannibalistic Kona tribe. Zachry runs into hiding and, taunted by "Georgie" and paralyzed by fear, watches in horror as his companions are murdered. His village is visited by Meronym, a member of the "Prescients", an advanced society still using the last remnants of technology. Her mission is to find a remote communication station on Mauna Sol and send a message to Earth's off-world colonies. Catkin, Zachry's niece, falls sick, and in exchange for saving her Zachry agrees to guide Meronym into the mountains to find the station. At the station, Meronym reveals that Sonmi was not a deity as the Valley tribe believes, but a human who died long ago. After returning, Zachry finds his tribe dead, slaughtered by the Kona. He kills the sleeping Kona chief and rescues Catkin, and Meronym saves them both from an assault by the returning Kona. Zachry and Catkin join Meronym and the Prescients as their ship leaves Big Island (which was formerly Hawaii).
Prologue / Epilogue.
A seventh time period, several decades after the events on Big Island, is featured in the film's prologue and epilogue: Zachry is revealed to have been telling these stories to his grandchildren on a beach near a city on an extraterrestrial Earth colony. The epilogue also confirms that Meronym succeeded in sending the message and traveled to the off-world colony where she lives with Zachry.
Main cast.
Author David Mitchell makes a cameo appearance as a double agent in the futuristic Korea section. In addition, minor members of the cast also appears in more than one segments, including Robert Fyfe, Martin Wuttke, Brody Nicholas Lee, Alistair Petrie, and Sylvestra Le Touzel.
Production.
Development.
The film is based on the 2004 novel "Cloud Atlas" by David Mitchell. Filmmaker Tom Tykwer revealed in January 2009 his intent to adapt the novel and said he was working on a screenplay with the Wachowskis, who optioned the novel. By June 2010, Tykwer had asked actors Natalie Portman, Tom Hanks, Halle Berry, James McAvoy, and Ian McKellen to star in "Cloud Atlas". By April 2011, the Wachowskis joined Tykwer in co-directing the film. In the following May, with Hanks and Berry confirmed in their roles, Hugo Weaving, Ben Whishaw, Susan Sarandon, and Jim Broadbent also joined the cast. Actor Hugh Grant joined the cast days before the start of filming.
It was financed by the German production companies A Company, ARD Degeto Film and X Filme. In May 2011 "Variety" reported that it had a production budget of . The filmmakers secured approximately $20 million from the German government, including () from the German Federal Film Fund (DFFF), () development funding and () from Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg, a German funder, as part of their plans to film at Studio Babelsberg later in 2011. The project also received () financial support from Filmstiftung NRW, () from Mitteldeutsche Medienförderung and € 30 million () from UE-Fonds (the biggest proportion of the budget), and () from FFF Bayern, another German organization. The Wachowskis contributed approximately $7 million to the project out of their own finances. The budget was updated to .
The directors stated that due to lack of finance, the film was almost abandoned several times. However they noted how the crew was enthusiastic and determined: "They flew—even though their agents called them and said, 'They don't have the money, the money's not closed'". They specifically praised Tom Hanks' enthusiasm: "Warner Bros. calls and, through our agent, says they've looked at the math and decided that they don't like this deal. They're pulling all of the money away, rescinding the offer. I was shaking. I heard, 'Are you saying the movie is dead?' They were like, 'Yes, the movie is dead.'... At the end of the meeting, Tom says, 'Let's do it. I'm in. When do we start?'... Tom said this unabashed, enthusiastic 'Yes!' which put our heart back together. We walked away thinking, this movie is dead but somehow, it's alive and we're going to make it." "Every single time, Tom Hanks was the first who said, 'I'm getting on the plane.' And then once he said he was getting on the plane, basically everyone said, 'Well, Tom's on the plane, we're on the plane.' And so everyone flew Berlin to begin the film. It was like this giant leap of faith. From all over the globe."
Principal photography.
Some German journalists called it "the first attempt at a German blockbuster" (although the 1984 fantasy "The NeverEnding Story" was written about in similar terms before its release). Tykwer and the Wachowskis filmed parallel to each other using separate camera crews. The Wachowskis directed the 19th-century story and the two set in the future, while Tykwer directed the stories set in the 1930s, the 1970s, and 2012. Warner Bros. Pictures representatives argued they were happy with the film's 164-minute running time, after previously stating that it should not exceed 150 minutes.
Filming began at Studio Babelsberg in Potsdam-Babelsberg, Germany, on 2011, the base camp for the production. Other locations include Düsseldorf, in and near Edinburgh and Glasgow, Scotland, and the Mediterranean island of Majorca, Spain. Glasgow doubled for both San Francisco and London. Scenes filmed in Scotland feature the new Clackmannanshire Bridge near Alloa. The "Big Island" and "Pacific Islands" stories were shot on Majorca, mostly in the World Heritage site of the Serra de Tramuntana mountains. Scenes were shot at Cala Tuent and near Formentor, amongst others. The opening scene, when Adam Ewing meets Dr Henry Goose, was filmed at Sa Calobra. Port de Sóller provided the setting for the scene when the 19th-century ship is mooring.
Music.
The soundtrack was composed by director Tom Tykwer and his longtime collaborators, Reinhold Heil and Johnny Klimek. The trio have worked together for years as Pale 3, having composed music for several films directed by Tykwer, most notably "Run Lola Run", "The Princess and the Warrior", "", and "The International", and contributed music to the Wachowskis' "The Matrix Revolutions". Work on the score for began months before shooting commenced. The music was recorded in Leipzig, Germany with the MDR Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Leipzig Radio Chorus.
The soundtrack received universal critical acclaim. Film Music Magazine critic Daniel Schweiger described the soundtrack as "a singular piece of multi-themed astonishment ... Yet instead of defining one sound for every era, Klimek, Heil and Tykwer seamlessly merge their motifs across the ages to give "Cloud Atlas" its rhythms, blending orchestra, pulsating electronics, choruses and a soaring salute to John Adams in an astonishing, captivating score that eventually becomes all things for all personages ..." Erin Willard of ScifiMafia described the soundtrack as "cinematic, symphonic, and simply, utterly, exquisitely beautiful ... in the wrong hands the opening theme, which is picked up periodically throughout the entire soundtrack, could easily have become cloying or twee or sappy, but happily this hazard was avoided entirely." Jon Broxton of Movie Music UK wrote, "Scores like "Cloud Atlas", which have an important and identifiable structure that relates directly to concepts in the film, intelligent and sophisticated application of thematic elements, and no small amount of beauty, harmony and excitement in the music itself, reaffirm your faith in what film music can be when it's done right." Daniel Schweiger selected the score as one of the best soundtracks of 2012, writing that ""Cloud Atlas" is an immense sum total of not only the human experience, but of mankind's capacity for musical self-realization itself, all as embodied in a theme for the ages." The film's soundtrack was nominated for a 2013 Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score, and for several awards by the International Film Music Critics Association, including Score of the Year.
The film contains approximately two hours of original music. WaterTower Music released the soundtrack album via digital download on 23 October 2012 and CD on 6 November 2012.
Release.
The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival, where it received a 10-minute standing ovation.
It was released on 26 October 2012 in the United States. Warner Bros. distributed the film in the United States and Canada, and Focus Features International handled sales and distribution for other territories. The movie was released in the cinemas of China on 31 January 2013 with 39 minutes of cuts, including removal of nudity, a sexual scene, and numerous conversations.
Marketing.
A six-minute trailer, accompanied by a short introduction by the three directors describing the ideas behind the creation of the film, was released on 2012. A shorter official trailer was released on 7 September 2012. The six-minute trailer includes three pieces of music. The opening piano music is the main theme of the soundtrack ("Prelude: The Atlas March/The Cloud Atlas Sextet") by composing trio Tom Tykwer, Johnny Klimek and Reinhold Heil, followed by an instrumental version of the song "Sonera" from Thomas J. Bergersen's album "Illusions". The song in the last part is "Outro" from M83's album "Hurry Up, We're Dreaming".
Home media.
The film was released on 14 May 2013, on home media (Blu-ray, DVD and UV Digital Copy).
Reception.
Critical response.
The film has had polarized reactions from critics, who debated its length and editing of the interwoven stories, but praised other aspects such as its cinematography, score, visual style, ensemble cast, and originality. It received a lengthy standing ovation at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival, where it premiered on 9 September 2012. Review aggregator Metacritic collected the "top 10 films of 2012" lists from various critics and the film was number 25.
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 66% of critics have given it a "Fresh" rating based on 250 reviews, with an average of 6.6/10. The site's consensus was "Its sprawling, ambitious blend of thought-provoking narrative and eye-catching visuals will prove too unwieldy for some, but the sheer size and scope of "Cloud Atlas" are all but impossible to ignore." The film holds a Metacritic score of 55 out of 100, based on 45 reviews, indicating 'mixed to average' reviews.
Film critic Roger Ebert praised the film for being "one of the most ambitious films ever made", awarding the film four out of four stars. He wrote "Even as I was watching "Cloud Atlas" the first time, I knew I would need to see it again. Now that I've seen it the second time, I know I'd like to see it a third time ... I think you will want to see this daring and visionary film ... I was never, ever bored by "Cloud Atlas". On my second viewing, I gave up any attempt to work out the logical connections between the segments, stories and characters." He later listed the film among his best of the year.
"Variety" described it as "an intense three-hour mental workout rewarded with a big emotional payoff. ... One's attention must be engaged at all times as the mosaic triggers an infinite range of potentially profound personal responses." James Rocchi of "MSN Movies" stated "It is so full of passion and heart and empathy that it feels completely unlike any other modern film in its range either measured through scope of budget or sweep of action." "The Daily Beast" called "Cloud Atlas" "one of the year's most important movies". Michael Cieply of "The New York Times" commented on the film "You will have to decide for yourself whether it works. It's that kind of picture. ... Is this the stuff of Oscars? Who knows? Is it a force to be reckoned with in the coming months? Absolutely."
"Slant Magazine"s Calum Marsh called it a "unique and totally unparalleled disaster" and commented " badness is fundamental, an essential aspect of the concept and its execution that I suspect is impossible to remedy or rectify". "The Guardian" stated "At 163 minutes, "Cloud Atlas" carries all the marks of a giant folly, and those unfamiliar with the book will be baffled" and awarded the film 2 out of 5 stars. Nick Pickerton, who reviewed the film for "The Village Voice" said "There is a great deal of humbug about art and love in "Cloud Atlas", but it is decidedly unlovable, and if you want to learn something about feeling, you're at the wrong movie." English critic Mark Kermode on his first viewing called it "an extremely honourable failure, but a failure" but then on a second viewing for the release of the DVD in the UK stated "Second time around, I find it to be more engaging – still not an overall success, but containing several moments of genuine magic, and buoyed up by the exuberance of high-vaulting ambition.""Village Voice" and "Time Magazine" both named "Cloud Atlas" the worst film of 2012.
Reaction from the crew.
Directors.
On 25 October, after the premiere at Toronto, Andy Wachowski stated "(a)s soon as (critics) encounter a piece of art they don't fully understand the first time going through it, they think it's the fault of the movie or the work of art. They think, 'It's a mess ... This doesn't make any sense.' And they reject it, just out of an almost knee-jerk response to some ambiguity or some gulf between what they expect they should be able to understand, and what they understand."
In the same interview, Lana Wachowski stated "(p)eople will try to will "Cloud Atlas" to be rejected. They will call it messy, or complicated, or undecided whether it's trying to say something New Agey-profound or not. And we're wrestling with the same things that Dickens and Hugo and David Mitchell and Herman Melville were wrestling with. We're wrestling with those same ideas, and we're just trying to do it in a more exciting context than conventionally you are allowed to. ... We don't want to say, 'We are making this to mean this.' What we find is that the most interesting art is open to a spectrum of interpretation."
David Mitchell.
David Mitchell stated he had been impressed by the screenplay, saying the film was "magnificent". He was very satisfied by the casting, especially by Hanks, Berry and Broadbent, and stated he could not even remember now how he was originally portraying the characters in his mind before the movie. He also supported the changes from the novel, impressed by how the Wachowskis and Tykwer successfully disassembled the structure of the book for the needs of the movie.
Accolades.
The film was pre-nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, but was not nominated in any category.
Controversy.
Immediately after the film's release, the advocacy group Media Action Network for Asian Americans criticized it for the use of what is sometimes labelled 'yellowface' makeup to allow non-Asian actors to portray Asian characters in the neo-Seoul sequences. The directors responded that the same multi-racial actors portrayed multiple roles of various nationalities and races (not just Asian), across a 500-year story arc, showing "the continuity of souls" critical to the story.
Box office.
The film grossed $27.1 million in the US and $130.4 million worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="31232695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232695" title="Mam talent! (series 4)">
Mam talent! (series 4)

The fourth series of Mam talent! began airing on TVN on 3 September 2011 and ended on 26 November 2011. The winner of the show was Kacper Sikora, who received PLN 300,000. Małgorzata Foremniak and Agnieszka Chylińska returned as judges. They were joined by a new judge, Robert Kozyra. He replaced Kuba Wojewódzki, who had left the show in order to focus on judging "X Factor". Marcin Prokop and Szymon Hołownia returned as hosts.
Judges.
It was reported that Kuba Wojewódzki might leave the programme in order to focus on "X Factor", where he also serves as a judge and does not want to be present on both shows. Media speculated that Robert Kozyra, former executive of Radio ZET, was in the running for his place on the show. Finally Kozyra was officially confirmed as judge on 7 June 2011. On 22 April 2011 "Dziennik" reported that Małgorzata Foremniak would return as a judge for the fourth series. Later, it was also reported that Agnieszka Chylińska would return as her maternity leave was going to end soon. She was to have signed her contract right after Easter.
Auditions.
The auditions for the fourth series took place in eight Polish cities, beginning from Zabrze on 2 April. Then, it was followed by filmed auditions with judges and audience in Katowice, Wrocław, Gdańsk, Kraków and Warsaw between 13 June and 11 July 2011. Kraków hosted auditions for the first time in show's history.
For the first time the participants could sign up for an audition via "Plejada.pl" websites application form at plejada.pl/gottalent.html.
Semi-finals.
The forty semi-finalists were revealed on 15 October 2011. The live shows started on Saturday 22 October.
Final (26 November).
The live final was held on 26 November 2011. After the viewers' voting, the top three turned out to be Piotr Karpienia, Marta Podulka and Kacper Sikora. Then, it was revealed that Marta Podulka finished third. Finally, Kacper Sikora was announced as the winner and Piotr Karpienia became the runner-up. Sikora received PLN 300,000 and Karpienia was given a special prize - PLN 50,000 funded by the sponsor of "Mam talent!", Komputronik.
Ratings.
The fourth series of "Mam talent!" premiered on TVN on Saturday, 3 September at 8 p.m. and competed with the new TVP2 series "The Voice of Poland. Najlepszy głos" which also debuted at 8 p.m. TVN's show attracted the audience of 3.79 millions with the share of 28.99%, while its main rival gained almost 2 millions viewers with the share of 15.39%. In group "16-49" "Mam talent!" reached share of 33.10% and was watched by 1.7 million viewers.
Note: All ratings obtained from Nielsen Audience Measurement.

</doc>
<doc id="31232706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232706" title="Melchior Wathelet, Jr.">
Melchior Wathelet, Jr.

Melchior Wathelet (born 30 September 1977) is a Belgian politician, Secretary of State of Environment, Energy, Mobility and Institutional Reforms, and member of the Centre démocrate humaniste (cdH). His father is Melchior Wathelet. He followed part of his secondary education in Dutch at a school in Bilzen,Limburg. After a degree in law from the Catholic University of Louvain and a Master of European Law from the University of Southampton, he became lawyer at the Bar association of Liège in 2002.
He started his political career in 2003, when he was elected as member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives where he quickly became group member for his party and second vice-president of the cdH.
He became secretary of state in charge of the budget in the Leterme II Government, and kept this charge in the Van Rompuy I Government and the Leterme II Government.
He became secretary of state in charge of Environment, Energy and Mobility in the Di Rupo I Government in 2010.
"Plan Wathelet" and the controversy surrounding it.
On 6 February 2014 Melchior Wathelet - in his function as secretary of state in charge of Environment, Energy and Mobility - implemented a plan that reorganizes the departure routes from Brussels National Airport in Zaventem. One of the goals of the plan was to spread airplane traffic over a wider area. As a result of this plan, the majority of departing aircraft are routed over densely populated areas of Brussels. This plan – referred to by campaigners as the Plan Wathelet – soon became the object of controversy and led to a wave of complaints by residents affected by aircraft noise. A revision of the plan was blocked by the government of Flanders in early May. The question of how to route the airline traffic from Zaventum airport, which is located near to the urban area of Brussels has been a contentious political issue for many years. The jurisdictional complexity of the region, and the multitude of intersecting political priorities makes an agreement hard to find with the different Belgian regions, communes and political parties each pushing different agendas. The plan played a role in the federal and regional elections of May 2014, leading to poor results for Wathelet's party, and a solution is not likely until after the formation of a federal government.
The main criticisms centered on the following facts:
Wathelet’s problem management also came under discussion.

</doc>
<doc id="31232707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232707" title="Charles Randolph-Wright">
Charles Randolph-Wright

Charles Randolph-Wright is an American film, television, and theatre director, television producer, screenwriter, and playwright.
Early life.
A native of York, South Carolina, Randolph-Wright graduated with honors from York High School. He attended Duke University where he was a recipient of the prestigious A.B. Duke Scholarship and a pre-med student. As an undergraduate, he studied acting with the Royal Shakespeare Company in London and dance with the Alvin Ailey School in New York City. Randolph-Wright graduated with honors from Duke University with a B.A. degree in theater and religion.
Career.
Theater.
Randolph-Wright's earliest Broadway credit was as a member of the original cast of the musical "Dreamgirls". He then went on to establish a distinguished career as a director. His recent credits include "" which opened on Broadway in April 2013; Daniel Beaty's "Through The Night", which opened Off-Broadway at the Union Square Theatre in the fall of 2010. He also staged a national tour of George and Ira Gershwin's "Porgy and Bess" that launched in 2010 in celebration of the opera's 75th anniversary. Notable credits include Arena Stage's "Sophisticated Ladies" starring Maurice Hines, which enjoyed a record breaking run at the historic Lincoln Theatre in 2010. Randolph-Wright also directed two acclaimed productions for Arena Stage of musicals written by Frank Loesser. His revival of "Guys and Dolls", which also starred Hines, was selected by the Loesser estate to tour in celebration of the musical's 50th anniversary. Randolph-Wright also directed "Senor Discretion Himself", the last musical written by Mr. Loesser before his death in 1969, which was based on a story by Budd Schulberg and co-written with Culture Clash. The production earned a 2005 Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Regional Musical.
Randolph-Wright's directing credits also include Brian Stokes Mitchell's acclaimed solo show "Love/Life" at Lincoln Center Theater, "They're Playing Our Song" (in Portuguese) in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, Brasil, Daniel Beaty's "Emergency" at the Geffen Theatre, "Blood Knot", featuring music by Tracy Chapman, at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco, and the world premiere of Oni Faida Lampley's "Tough Titty" at the Williamstown Theatre Festival. Charles also directed and co-wrote "Me and Mrs. Jones", a musical which starred Lou Rawls and featured the classic R&B music of the Sound of Philadelphia at the Prince Music Theatre, "The Diva Is Dismissed", starring Jenifer Lewis at the Public Theater and the Hudson Theatre in Los Angeles, "Homework" starring Kim Coles, and "Just Between Friends" starring Bea Arthur, which toured internationally and was mounted in a Tony nominated run on Broadway.
Randolph-Wright's playwriting credits include "Blue", which premiered at Arena Stage in April 2000. With music by Nona Hendryx and direction by Sheldon Epps, it starred Phylicia Rashad, Hill Harper, and Michael McElroy. The Roundabout Theatre Company produced the New York premiere of the play in the summer of 2001. The play received a subsequent production at Pasadena Playhouse. Randolph-Wright also wrote and directed the premiere of "Cuttin' Up" at Arena Stage in the fall of 2005. Adapted from Craig Marberry's best selling book "Cuttin' Up: Wit and Wisdom from Black Barber Shops," subsequent productions of the play were produced at Pasadena Playhouse, Cleveland Play House, and the Alliance Theatre in Atlanta. His play, "The Night Is A Child", premiered at the Milwaukee Repertory Theater in March 2008 under the direction of Timothy Douglas. The play received its West Coast premiere in September 2009 in a production at Pasadena Playhouse directed by Sheldon Epps and starring Jobeth Williams.
Randolph-Wright received the 2010 Paul Robeson Award from Actors' Equity Association. The annual award honors individuals for their exemplary artistic and humanitarian achievements. Past recipients include Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Lloyd Richards, and Sidney Poitier. In the summer of 2010, Randolph-Wright received a three-year playwright residency as part of Arena Stage's American Voices New Play Institute, which began in January 2011. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Roundabout Theatre where he created the "Different Voices" workshop series and the artistic board at Duke University. He's also the founder and artistic director of "Create Carolina", a multi-disciplinary intensive arts experience first established in 2007.
Television.
Randolph-Wright's television credits include guest appearances on "Melrose Place", "Falcon Crest" and "Hill Street Blues". He has directed episodes of the series "Lincoln Heights" on ABC Family and "South of Nowhere" on the N Network. Randolph-Wright was also the producer and writer of the critically acclaimed Showtime series "Linc's" and a writer/consultant on the Fox series "Lush Life". He has also directed many commercials, including the European "Freestyle" campaign for Nike, which won several international commercial awards, and music videos. His musical staging has been seen on a variety of programs, including "The Golden Girls".
Film.
Randolph-Wright made his directorial film debut with "Preaching To The Choir", which earned the 2005 American Black Film Festival’s Best Actor and Audience awards and its Grand Jury Prize. He has also developed screenplays for Showtime, HBO, Walt Disney Pictures, Victory Entertainment, Producers Entertainment Group, Tim Reid Productions, and 20th Century Fox. He also co-wrote the screenplay "White Chocolate" with John Leguizamo. Randolph-Wright was the co-producer of the "Angela Davis Story" for Castle Rock Entertainment, and developed the short film "Family Tree" (Disney).

</doc>
<doc id="31232724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232724" title="Flamengo Esporte Clube de Arcoverde">
Flamengo Esporte Clube de Arcoverde

Flamengo Esporte Clube de Arcoverde, commonly known as Flamengo de Arcoverde, is a Brazilian football club based in Arcoverde, Pernambuco state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on May 1, 1959. Flamengo de Arcoverde won the Campeonato Pernambucano Second Level in 1996. They competed in the Série C in 1997, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition.
Stadium.
Flamengo Esporte Clube de Arcoverde play their home games at Estádio Municipal Áureo Bradley. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31232756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232756" title="Winfried Kretschmann">
Winfried Kretschmann

Winfried Kretschmann (born May 17, 1948) is a German politician of the Green Party of Germany. He has been Minister-President of the state of Baden-Württemberg since 12 May 2011 and was President of the German Bundesrat from November 2012 until October 2013.
Kretschmann has been a member of the state parliament, the Landtag of Baden-Württemberg, since 1980, in the constituency of Nürtingen. In 2006 he was the frontrunner in the Baden-Württemberg state election for his party, as he was in the state election on 27 March 2011. He was also the chairman of his party's parliamentary group.
Following the state election of 2011, Kretschmann was elected on 12 May 2011 by the combined Green-SPD majority in the Landtag to succeed Stefan Mappus as Minister-President of Baden-Württemberg, becoming the first ever Green Minister-President of any German state.
On 12 October 2012 he was elected President of the German Bundesrat for the term from 1 November 2012 to 31 October 2013. This was the first time since 1953, and only the second time ever, that the President was not drawn from the ranks of either the CDU/CSU or the SPD.
Biography.
Kretschmann was born at Spaichingen in Baden-Württemberg. His parents were expellees from the catholic Ermland (East Prussia) after World War II. He grew up on the rural Swabian Alb (southern Baden-Württemberg). Kretschmann attended a Catholic boarding school in Sigmaringen and passed his Abitur in Riedlingen. Following his military service, he studied to be a teacher of biology and chemistry (later ethics) at the University of Hohenheim in Stuttgart, graduating in 1977. From 1973 to 1975 he was active in the Communist League of West Germany. He later denounced this orientation towards the revolutionary positions of the German student movement as a "political misapprehension"; today he is more ecologically oriented and counted among the members of the more conservative wing of the Greens.
After three years as a school teacher at Sigmaringen, he went into politics. Kretschmann is one of the founding members of the Baden-Württemberg section of the German Green Party (at Sindelfingen on September 30, 1979).
In 1980, he was for the first time elected into the Landtag, the state parliament, and a first stint of his chairmanship of his party's parliamentary group followed from 1983 to 1985. In 1985 he left Stuttgart to work in Hessen at the ministry of environment, then run by party colleague Joschka Fischer for two years.
In 1988, he returned to Baden-Württemberg, being re-elected into the Landtag in 1988. He lost his seat in 1992, but returned – after four years back as a teacher – in 1996 and held his seat in 2001 and 2006. In 2002, he was again elected chairman of his party's parliamentary group. In May 2011 a coalition of Greens and Social Democrats won over the former predominating conservative CDU Party; Kretschmann was elected as the new state Minister-President of Baden-Württemberg.
Kretschmann is a Catholic and belongs to the more "Realpolitik"-oriented, centrist wing of the Green Party. He is married, has three children and lives in Sigmaringen.

</doc>
<doc id="31232762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232762" title="Hitting a New High">
Hitting a New High

Hitting a New High is a 1937 comedy film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Lily Pons and Jack Oakie. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1938 in the category Best Sound (John Aalberg).
Reception.
The film lost a reported $431,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31232766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232766" title="Killing Katie">
Killing Katie

Killing Katie is the second album by the punk band Link 80. It was released on CD and 10" vinyl by Asian Man Records in 1997.
It was recorded with Steve Fontano at Fantasy Studios in Berkeley, California between the 18th and 20th of April 1997. The album was the last Link 80 recording to feature lead singer Nick Traina and guitarist Matt Bettinelli-Olpin.
It was released less than one month before Nick Traina died.
Band Manifesto.
Reacting to turmoil in the Bay Area music scene, the band wrote a call to action that was included in the album's lyric sheet: "We are the new school, its up to us to change the way things are, to make things better. Fuck separatism, we have to unite at all costs. Unconditional acceptance of people into our lives and scenes is the only way. Race, age, sex, religion, what you wear, what music you like, who you fuck...none of it matters. The adult society infested with snobbery and violence should bear no reflection on our underground. Instead of turning our backs to the new kids wanting to learn about our scenes, we should teach them how it should be. Nobody was born cool and nobody is better than the rest. We can do it, all we have to do is try...otherwise the cycle will continue and we too will get caught in it, just like so many of those who came before us. There are too many boundaries, too many walls, too many locked hearts, and too many closed minds. It's up to us to cross the boundaries, to break the walls, to unlock the hearts, and to open the minds."

</doc>
<doc id="31232783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232783" title="2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 400 metres">
2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 400 metres

The Men's 400 metres event at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on March 6–7.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 3 of each semifinals qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
