<doc id="31210274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210274" title="Isabella Breviary">
Isabella Breviary

The "Isabella Breviary" is a late 15th century illuminated manuscript housed under shelf mark Add. Ms. 18851 in the British Library, London. Queen Isabella I was given this manuscript shortly before 1497 by her ambassador Francisco de Rojas to commemorate the double marriage of her children and the children of Emperor Maximilian of Austria and Duchess Mary of Burgundy,
Origin.
The work known as the breviary of Isabella I of Castile is a "Breviarium Romanum" made in Flanders for a Castilian nobleman Francisco de Rojas near the end of the 15th century. It was a present for Isabel at the occasion of the marriage of her children with the children of Maximilian.
Francisco de Rojas y Escobar was a Castilian diplomat who carried out several important diplomatic missions for Ferdinand. He negotiated the marriage between Infante Juan, the Crown Prince, and Margaret of Austria and Philip the Handsome and Infanta Joanna of Castile. The negotiations were finalized in 1495. The marriage of Joanna and Philip took place on 20 October 1496 in Lier and that of Juan and Margaret on 3 April 1497 in Burgos. On folio 436 verso of the manuscript, the arms of the Catholic Monarchs and of both the Wedding couples are painted.
Description.
The manuscript is written in medieval Latin and was made according to the Dominican use.
It contains 523 folio’s measuring 230 x 160 mm. and the ruled space is 135 x 95 mm. The text is written in a round gothic script (gotica rotunda) in two columns of 34 lines. Columns and lines are ruled with red ink, but the ruling is barely visible.
The manuscript contains 170 miniatures and is one of the most lavishly decorated breviaries that were preserved. The miniatures are distributed as follows:
One can find two types of miniatures in the codex, page wide and column wide ones. There are 44 page wide miniatures and most of them are 24 lines high. One has a height of 26 lines, two of them are 19 lines high and one is only 18 lines high. In addition there are 104 column wide paintings whose height varies between nine and nineteen lines. Furthermore the manuscript has twelve calendar pages, one full-page miniature and a folio with coats of arms and motto’s on banners. It also counts eight historiated initials one of which remained unfinished.
The calendar is of the Flemish type: not all days are assigned to a saint or a typical office for a feast day, a lot of the days of the month is left open.
Starting from folio 402 the parchment is slightly different from that used before, but also the style of the handwriting, the initials and the illumination are different from the previous part of the book. And there are also differences in the lay-out, the responsories were smaller than the remainder of the text in the first part while this is no longer so from folio 402 on, with the exception of the quire that contains the folio’s 499-506. So scholars think that the manuscript was made in two campaigns.
Breviaries for lay use.
This breviary was certainly not the only one in the collection of Isabella, the queen had at least twenty breviaries in her collection, according to the inventory reconstituted by Elisa Ruiz García. It was usual in those days that the noble ladies had a book of hours for their personal devotion, the Breviary was basically the book for the clergy. We can only guess why Isabella had such a huge collection of breviaries, but it is quite possible that, since the book of hours had found his way to the "general public", also the upper middle class had luxurious books of hours, that the upper class wanted to distance themselves from the common people with an even more exquisitely made Breviary. In addition, it could accommodate a completely different illumination program because of its size.
The first breviaries for lay use were made for the French Royal house Their example will soon be followed by the Dukes of Burgundy of the house of Valois-Burgundy and later on by the Spanish and Portuguese royal families.
Some of the famous medieval breviaries:
History.
It is unknown who got hold of the breviary after the dead of Isabella or even during her lifetime. In his work of 1883 Waagen reports that it was taken by the French from the Escorial during the War of the Pyrenees in 1794. but there are no documents that confirm this.
In 1815, the work is in the possession of John Dent, a British collector, banker and member of Parliament. In 1817 the manuscript was described by Thomas Frognall Dibdin. After the dead of Dent in 1826, his collection is sold in 1827 at an auction held by Robert Harding Evans and in the catalogue four pages are devoted to the discussion of the Isabella Breviary. It was in this catalogue that a faulty interpretation of the text of Francisco Rojas lead to the story that the book was in honour of Isabella’s support for the expedition of Christopher Columbus. The book is sold for £ 378 to Philip Hurd, member of the Inner Temple.
Five years later, after Hurd passed away, the codex is once again sold on an auction at Evans and acquired by John Soane, a famous architect and the founder of the Sir John Soane's Museum; for the sum of £ 520 Soane sells the breviary to John Tobin for £ 645. Tobin had bought the famous Bedford Hours at the auction by Evans where Soane bought the Isabella Breviary, and in 1833 he bought a book of hours of Joanna of Castile (add. 18852).
While the manuscript was in the possession of John Tobin, Frederic Madden the future "keeper of manuscripts" at the British Museum and the German art historian Gustav Friedrich Waagen were given the opportunity to study the manuscript. Waagen was very impressed by the miniature of St. John at Patmos (f309r), attributed today to Gerard David.
Upon Sir John’s death in 1851 the collection went to his son the Rev. John Tobin of Liscard. The reverend was approached by the bookseller William Boone who offered him £ 1900 for the complete collection (eight manuscripts) from his father. After the deal was closed, Boone tried to sell the manuscripts to Bertram, the 4th Earl of Ashburnham but he had no success. He then offered the collection to the British Museum for £3000 and after some hesitation due to the exorbitant price, the trustees agreed. As we have seen above, the Bedford Hours were part of the deal, so after all this may have been one of the best deals the British Museum ever made.
Content.
A breviary contains the public or canonical prayers, hymns, the Psalms, readings, and notations for everyday use, especially by bishops, priests, monks, and deacons in the Divine Office (i.e., at the canonical hours or Liturgy of the Hours. The core of the breviaries as they were in use in medieval times was the Psalter with the 150 psalms attributed to King David. In the monasteries these 150 psalms were to be recited every week and Benedict of Nursia was one of the first to set up a scheme to plan the recitation of the psalms over the week and this scheme was readily accepted. Gradually other prayers like antiphons, hymns, canticles, readings from the script, versicles and collects were added to the daily prayers and eventually a large number of different books were needed. The breviary was a collection of all the prayers that were needed to recite the daily office The first occurrence of a single manuscript of the daily office was written by the Benedictine order at Monte Cassino in Italy in 1099 but the real breakthrough came with the advent of the mendicant friars who travelled around a lot and needed a shortened, or abbreviated, daily office contained in one portable book
The Isabella Breviary contains the standard sections of a Dominican breviary as they were established by Hubert de Romans, superior of the order between 1254 and 1277 (for details see the list hereunder).
Calendar.
The calendar is a calendar based on the standardised Dominican calendar drawn up by Humbert of Romans. During the third quarter of the 13th century A number of changes to the original calendar were implemented after approval by the General- Chapter of the Dominicans, but sometimes it took a long time before those changes were seen in all the monasteries.
The calendar includes several feasts of saints venerated typically by the Dominicans (see list below).
The calendar gives for every feast day the ranking: memoria, iii lectiones, simplex, semiduplex, duplex and totum duplex. This ranking is used to decide on the prayers that should be recited if the feast day of a saint coincides with a variable feast day. The used terminology is typical for the Dominicans and on the folios 203r – 208r a "rubric" explains how one should proceed.
Besides the feast days, the calendar contains also the computistical entries necessary to determine the day of the week corresponding to a given calendar date. In the first column one can find the golden number and in the second the Dominical letter. In the third column the date is expressed in the according to the Roman calendar with kalendae, nonae and idus. Also the date on which the sun enters a zodiacal sign is indicated in the calendar.
In the heading for each month the number of days and lunar days is given and the length of day and night is indicated.
The proprium de tempore.
The proprium de tempore or temporal contains the prayers for the liturgical year, according to the calendar ant starting with the Advent. The temporal specifies the prayers to be recited for the daily hours of the Divine Office: Matins, Lauds, Prime, Terce, Sext, None, Vespers and Compline. The prayers consist of psalms, antiphons, versicles, responses, hymns, readings from the Old and New Testaments, sermons of the Fathers and the like. The recurring prayers like the hymns, psalms and canticles are normally not repeated in the breviary but are identified by a reference to the section of the book where the prayer in question can be found, but in the Isabella Breviary the hymns were integrated in the temporal and the Sanctoral, the manuscript has no separate hymnarium. The references to the psalms etc. are written in read ink and are called rubrics.
When one tries to read the temporal or the sanctoral it will be noted that the office for Sundays and major holidays start with the Vespers of the previous day. This was standard practice, the celebration of a feast began with the vigil the night before.
The Isabella Breviary is also quite exceptional by the fact that the temporal is divided in two parts by the Psalter. This could mean that the original source from which the breviary was copied, may have consisted of two parts, a winter and a summer breviary and that during the writing of the text of the Isabella Breviary, someone decided to create it as a single volume. A winter and a summer breviary normally contain each the entire Psalter between the temporal and the sanctoral. The Isabella Breviary was probably made in two campaigns. The first campaign stopped when the winter part of the temporal and the Psalter were completed but before the winter part of the sanctoral was written. In the second phase the scribe continued with the summer part of the temporal, followed by a complete sanctoral and the remaining sections.
The Psalter.
The Psalter in the Isabella Breviary consists of the 150 psalms of the Book of Psalms the first book of the "Writings", the third section of the Hebrew bible. In the Jewish and Western Christian tradition there are 150 psalms. The order in which they should be recited during the week depends on the liturgical use. The Isabella Breviary followed the Dominican use that is summarized in the table here under. The psalms are numbered here according to the medieval vulgate, later versions and translations like the KJV use a different numbering.
In the Psalter of the breviary, the psalms are in numerical order starting with psalm 1 "Beatus vir" up to psalm 150 "Laudate dominum", such a Psalter is called a "Psalterium non feriatum", but in the Isabella Breviary some psalms are copied a second time and grouped with another psalm to make it easier for the user. An example hereof is psalm 53 ("Deus in nomine tue") that figures on f139v in de numerical order but is repeated on f176r prior to psalm 118 because they are recited in that order during prime on every weekday. Another example is psalm 94 that can be found on f111v at the very beginning of the Psalter and also on f161v in numerical order.
The proprium Sanctorum.
The proprium Sanctorum or Sanctoral is functionally equivalent to the Temporal. It contains the offices to be used on the saints’ days. Normally there should be a one to one correspondence between the calendar and the Sanctoral, but like in most breviaries there are some minor differences.
The decoration.
One of the purposes of the decoration of a manuscript like Isabella’s Breviary was to make it easier to use the book by structuring the text. A strict hierarchy can be recognized in the decoration. The largest miniatures are used to mark the most important sections or feasts, the smaller ones indicate subsections or less important Sundays or feasts. Initials and border decoration are used to complement miniatures or to mark divisions of the text like. individual psalms and psalm verses.
In the winter part of the Temporal de page-wide miniatures are used for the main Sundays and for the feast days in the week. Lesser Sundays are illustrated with a column-wide miniature and weekdays with a partial border and a large ornamental initial. The Matins of Maundy Thursday are illustrated with 16 column-wide miniatures illustrating the passion of Christ
In the Psalter the page-wide miniatures were used to illustrate the opening psalm in the Matins for Sunday and the weekdays (1, 26, 38, 52, 68, 80 and 97) but also the Vespers on Sunday and the Gradual Psalms are marked with a page-wide miniature. The opening psalms for the Vespers of the other days and for the lesser hours are illustrated with a small miniature.
The page-wide miniatures are used in the summer part for the important feasts (Easter, Ascension, Pentecost, Trinity Sunday and three other Sundays.
In the Sanctoral the page-wide miniatures are reserved for the great saints and the typical Dominican saints. A number of saints’ offices are illustrated with a column-wide miniature and some with a historiated initial. The use of historiated initials is limited to the first folia of the Sanctoral. Probably the initial plan was to use historiated initials and then later on it was decided to use small miniatures instead.
Page-wide miniatures.
The manuscript contains a number of miniatures that are page wide and 24 lines high except a couple of them in the Sanctoral. These miniatures are always accompanied by a complete border decoration (4 sides) and a large decorated initial of eight lines. In the table hereunder the feasts illustrated with a page wide miniature are listed.
List of page-wide miniatures
Column-wide miniatures.
Temporal.
Within the major sections the text is divided by column-wide miniatures. The second, third and fourth Sunday of the advent for example are marked with a miniature of 13 or 14 lines high and a four-sided border decoration.
The important feast days in the Christmastide are Christmas, the Circumcision of Jesus and the Adoration of the Magi, which are illustrated by a page-wide miniature. The Sundays after the octave of the Epiphany and the beginning of the Easter cycle are indicated by an initial of eight lines high and a three-sided margin decoration. The first Sunday of the Easter cycle is marked with a page-wide miniature, but the Sundays before the start of Lent and Ash Wednesday have small miniatures. From the first Sunday of lent up to Easter, all Sundays and feast-days are indicated with a large miniature. After Easter up to the beginning of the Advent, all Sundays have a small miniature except the important feasts and the first Sunday of August and September.
Elsewhere, small miniatures are used to illustrate the text, as is the case with the Passion of Christ on the folia 101r to 104r.
Psalter.
Also in the Psalter there are numerous psalms illustrated with a small miniature based on the text of the psalm or the psalm commentaries from Nicholas of Lyra In the Psalter the small miniatures are used to point to the beginning of psalms for Vespers of the week and the beginning of the small tidal psalms (prime, tierce, sext and none). The initial Psalms of Lauds and Compline are not represented by a miniature.
Canticles and Litany.
The text of the canticles, prayers or hymns from the Bible, of the Old Testament and the New Testament is illustrated with a few small miniatures
The Common of Saints.
The beginning of the Common of Saints on f499r is announced by a column-wide miniature of 12 lines high representing the twelve apostles. This page has also a four sided margin decoration. It is the last, fully decorated page in the manuscript.
The sections of the Common are marked with an decorated initial of four lines high but without miniatures or historiated initials.
Sanctoral.
The largest number of illustrations can be found in the Proprium Sanctorum or Sanctoral, 81 of the 178 feasts are illustrated with a miniature. The Sanctoral contains almost half of the 170 miniatures illuminating the manuscript. The choice of ventilation depends on the 'use' of the breviary. In a breviary for use Dominican people will make different selections than in a breviary for Cistercian use. The choice of the saints to represent, aside from the major saints that are found in any breviary, depends of course on the “use” of the breviary but also on the preferences of the customer or the person for whom the book was intended. Considering that this manuscript was made for Dominican use, the Dominican saints like Dominic, Thomas Aquinas, Peter of Verona, Vincent Ferrer, Catherine of Siena and Procopius take an important place.
Also here, small pictures were used as a kind of bookmarks but also to illustrate the symbols of the saint with possibly a representation of his martyrdom, or a special event in his life. In the list below, one can see a full list of the miniatures, with a brief description. The page-wide miniatures are included in the list. The dates of the holidays in this list may differ from the dates that can be found in the modern Calendar of saints because the Dominican calendar sometimes differs from the Roman calendar some feast-days have changed since the Middle Ages.
The calendar miniatures.
The calendar miniatures are not a part of the hierarchical system described above, they are not intended to structure or clarify the text, but are purely decorative. The calendar miniatures are the only real full-page miniatures in the manuscript. They seem to have been set up as a kind of full-page miniature of a landscape in which the works of the month were displayed. Over the (virtual) central part of that landscape, the calendar text is written. The zodiac sign of the month is always placed in the upper left or right corner.
The use of real full-page miniatures for the calendar started in France in the third quarter of the fifteenth century. In the Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry, the Limbourg Brothers used full-page miniatures of the works of the month facing the calendar page. Their invention was scarcely followed by other artists until it was picked up by Flemish painters in the beginning of the sixteenth century as for example in the Grimani Breviary. The Isabella Breviary was one of the earliest manuscripts in which the technique of "overwritten" full-page miniatures for the calendar was applied.
Initials.
This manuscript contains literally thousands of decorated initials. They are between one and eight lines high. All the characters are drawn with blue or purple ink on a gold background, and parts of the initials are decorated with geometric motifs in white. The open space within the initial is usually decorated with vines or floral motifs, sometimes with geometric structures. For the larger initials the corners are often cut. The initials are, like the miniatures, also used to structure the text. For example, in the Psalter each psalm starts with an initial of 3 lines high.
Line fillers.
If the line is ending with a blank space, this is filled with a gold bar which buds, tendrils or geometric motifs. In the Psalter this line fillers are widespread, they are used to mark the end of the verses. Sometimes, instead of the gold bar, a kind of chain of o's written in red ink is used.
Borders.
Margin decoration is also is extensively used in the manuscript. Each page with a large or small miniature has a full, four-sided border decoration. The decoration is also applied in the space between the two text columns.
It Isabella Breviary one can find the already outmoded French border decoration alongside scatter borders invented in Flanders around 1470.
French border decoration originated in Paris in the early 15th century in the vicinity of the Boucicaut Master and the Bedford Master. This type was adopted in Flanders and further developed. To emphasize the distinction with the then ultramodern Ghent-Bruges style it is called "outmoded" French here. The Ghent-Bruges style of border decoration was first used around 1470 in the vicinity of the Master of Mary of Burgundy, Lieven van Lathem and the master of Margaret of York.
The outmoded border decorations were painted on the blank parchment. There are two variants of this. The first (type-a) has delicate acanthus scrolls painted in blue and gold, with strawberries, small flowers, leaves and twigs and small gold dots. The other version (type-b) has the same features but with only blue, gold, and black (see example).
In the "modern" Ghent-Bruges style, the border decoration is painted on a painted background, usually painted in yellow. The proper decoration is then painted on the coloured border. Also for this type of border we can distinguish different types.
In the first variant the artist uses broad acanthus branches in white or gold, sometimes knotted or interwoven. Between the acanthus there are thin-stemmed flowers, some strawberries, insects and birds. Here and there we see human figures or between branches climbing the branches (see example).
The second variant consists of much thinner acanthus tendrils sprouting flowers (see example). .
The third variant are the so-called the scatter borders, where flowers and flower buds are scattered over the painted border (see example).
Sometimes the outmoded French borders are combined with a narrow scatter border that is surrounding the text ore miniature. The scatter borders and the outmoded French borders are the most commonly used types throughout the manuscript..
Here and there the border decoration is completely different. Some borders have the appearance of fabric, or consist of text written in large capital letters. A good example of such a fabric margin can be seen on the miniature with Saint Barbara at the top of the article.
Examples of the different types of border decoration.
In addition to the four-side full page borders, or framing three sides of it, one van find also partial borders ranging from a couple of lines high to full-page height. These small borders are used together with decorated initials to structure the text. This type of decoration can be found on literally every page of the manuscript and in that context, one can say that all the 1048 pages of the book are decorated (with the exception of a couple completely blank pages.
Full-page border decoration is generally used on a page with a miniature, be it small or large, but here and there one can find full-page border decoration in combination with large initials as introduction of a new section in the manuscript where no miniature was planned. Examples of this situation can be found on folios 13r, 13v and 14r with the prayers for the days of the first week of Advent.
The artists.
Master of the Dresden Prayer Book.
The largest number of miniatures was painted by the artist known as the Master of the Dresden Prayer Book. There are one full-page miniature, 32 page-wide en 52 column-wide miniatures attributed to this master.
This master eschewed the use of models and his inventivity in the illumination of the Isabella Breviary is remarkable. The iconography used in his illustrations of the Psalter was completely new in Flanders. Admittedly, the miniatures were based on newly published theological works, but it seems unlikely that the miniaturist had read these works himself. He was probably advised by a theologian and it would not be surprising if it would have been a Dominican.
Dating the contributions of the Master of the Dresden Prayer Book remains a difficult issue. Until recently, his work in the manuscript was dated according to the inscription on folio 437r around the time of the double marriage and the presence of Francisco de Rojas in Flanders, thus in the 1490s. But recent research, dates the work on stylistic grounds, earlier in the previous decade, so in the 1480s, and before 1488 when the Master of the Dresden Prayer Book left Bruges for a several years, returning after 1492 when the political situation in Bruges was stable again..
Calendar Master.
The illustration of the calendar was probably realised in the same period as the work of the Dresden master, but although the latter was specialised in calendar illumination, this part of the work is not from his hand. The illuminator who painted the calendar was also involved in the realisation of the border decoration in the Ghent-Bruges style variant 1, with the broad acanthus branches. The characters he painted here and there in the borders are very similar to those in the calendar. The calendar is artistically the weakest part of the illumination of the breviary.
Gerard David.
When Gustav Friedrich Waagen studied the book for the first time in 1838, he already noted that four of the miniatures were of an exceptional quality: the miniature with the nativity scene at f29r, the Adoration of the Magi on f41r, St. Barbara on f297r and John on Patmos on f309r. Waagen knew very well the Adoration of the Magi kept in the Alte Pinakothek in Munich and attributed to Gerard David but he did not attribute the very similar miniature in the Isabella Breviary to David, but in his opinion, the four miniatures were of the same hand. Recent research attributes these miniatures to Gerard David but the discussion between scholars about this attribution is ongoing. The similarity in composition between the miniature and the painting is striking, but the miniature can of course be painted by another miniaturist who based his composition on the work of David. In any case it is recognised more en more that Gerard David played an important role in the late miniature art in Flanders.
The difference between these four miniatures and the rest of the miniatures in the first campaign by the master of Dresden is obvious. The velvety surface, the rich colour palette and the refined modelling of these miniatures sets them apart from the other in the first part. Detailed study learns that the foreground and background of the St. Barbara (f297r) have been painted with different techniques and that is also the case for the left part of the landscape on the miniature of John (f09r).
Master of James IV of Scotland.
Also this illuminator is only known to us trough a nickname, some scholars identify him as Gerard Horenbout while others don’t agree at all. The painter's name is derived from a portrait of James IV of Scotland which, together with one of his Queen, is in the Prayer book of James IV and Queen Margaret, a book of hours commissioned by James and now in Vienna in the Austrian National Library as Cod. 1897. Het was one of the great illuminators in the period between 1480 and 1530 and apart from the Isabella Breviary, he was involved in the illumination of the Breviarium Mayer van den Bergh and of the Breviarium Grimani.
The Master of James IV of Scotland was responsible for 48 miniatures in the second part of the Isabella Breviary, the second half of the Sanctoral. In this part of the manuscript all the miniatures are column-wide except those on ff. 437r, 477v and 481r (The raising of Lazarus) . These miniatures are less high then the large ones in the first part of the breviary. Trough comparison with his other work, his contribution is dated in the 1490s.
A typical difference between the miniatures realised by the Dresden master and those painted by the James master is that the latter are always framed with a three-dimensional golden frame.
Later updates.
We saw that the Master of the Dresden Prayer Book finished his work on folio 358 recto and the Master of James IV of Scotland started on folio 404 verso. The miniatures in the intermediate quires must therefore be attributed to other illuminators.
English artist, early 19th century.
We know from the description of the manuscript by Dibdin that in his time the miniature of Saint Catharina was lacking. In light here of, and based on the modern style and painting technique reminiscent of oil painting, this miniature and four small column-wide miniatures (f363r, f364r, f367r and f385v) must be assigned to an early 19th-century English artist.
Spanish artist ca. 1500.
The other miniatures that were not performed, nor in the campaign of the master of Dresden, or in the second campaign with the Master of James IV of Scotland, are assigned to one hand. Based on style and on the clothing of the figures, the classical temple on f399r it is thought that this must have been an artist of Spanish origin.
It remains an open question whether this Spanish artist made these miniatures after the second campaign in 1500, or that he was appointed to finish the book after the first campaign around 1488. In the second case, he must have been removed from that job because of a significantly lower quality of his work.
Sources, references and notes.
Sources
References to The Isabella Breviary 
Scot McKendrick, Elisa Riuz Garcia, Nigel Morgan, The Isabella Breviary
General references
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31210294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210294" title="Transverse orientation">
Transverse orientation

Transverse orientation, keeping a fixed angle on a distant source of light for orientation, is a proprioceptive response displayed by some insects such as moths.

</doc>
<doc id="31210297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210297" title="Paramorpha marginata">
Paramorpha marginata

Paramorpha marginata is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 11 mm. The head, palpi, antennae and thorax are white. The abdomen is ochreous white and the legs are fuscous mixed with whitish. Forewings with costa moderately arched, apex rather angular, termen rounded, oblique. They are white, rather greyish except along the costa. The hindwings and fringes are shining white. It is similar to "Carposina maculosa", but can be distinguished by the small size and the yellow margin of the costa of the forewing.

</doc>
<doc id="31210299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210299" title="2011 Australian Formula Ford Championship">
2011 Australian Formula Ford Championship

The 2011 Australian Formula Ford Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Formula Ford racing cars. It was the 42nd national series for Formula Fords to be held in Australia and the 19th to carry the Australian Formula Ford Championship name. The championship was contested over an eight round series which began on 17 March 2011 at the Adelaide Parklands Circuit and ended on 13 November at Symmons Plains Raceway. Australian Formula Ford Management Pty. Ltd. was appointed by CAMS as the Category Manager for the series, which was officially known as the “2011 Australian Formula Ford Championship for the Ford Fiesta Cup".
Sonic Motor Racing Services driver Cameron Waters dominated the championship with a winning margin of 74 points over second placed Jack Le Brocq. Waters recorded seven race wins to Le Brocq's four, whilst third placed Nick Foster won six races. Other race winners were Matthew Brabham, who only contested a partial season in 2011, Daniel Erickson, Tom Williamson in the factory-supported Spectrum, Trent Harrison and Liam Sager.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers contested the 2011 Australian Formula Ford Championship.
Note: All cars were powered by 1600cc Ford Duratec engines, as mandated by the 2011 Australian Formula Ford Technical Regulations.
Calendar.
Note: Round 1 was contested over two races and all other rounds were contested over three races.
Points.
Championship points were awarded on a 20–16–14–12–10–8–6–4–2–1 basis to the top ten classified finishers in each race. An additional point was awarded to the driver gaining pole position for the first race at each round.

</doc>
<doc id="31210312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210312" title="Nisqually Entrance Historic District">
Nisqually Entrance Historic District

The Nisqually Entrance Historic District comprises the first public entrance to Mount Rainier National Park. The district incorporates the log entrance arch typical of all Mount Rainier entrances, a log frame ranger station and checking station, a comfort station and miscellaneous service structures, all built around 1926, as well as the 1915 Superintendent's Residence and the 1908 Oscar Brown Cabin, the oldest remaining structure in the park. The buildings in the district conform to the principals of the National Park Service Rustic style that prevailed in park design of the 1920s and 1930s. 
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
Features.
The Nisqually Entrance Ranger Station was designed by National Park Service architect Daniel R. Hull and built in 1926, replacing the Oscar Brown Cabin as the first point of visitor contact upon entry to the park. The one-story L-shaped log cabin contained an office space and residences for two rangers. The front extension adjoiuns the road and functions as a checking station for entering cars. The station was featured in Thomas Chalmers Vint's "Park and Recreation Structures" publication, illustrating the principles of rustic park architecture. It was renovated by Civilian Conservation Corps workers in 1936, with a porte-cochere addition over the inbound traffic lane added in 1937 The porte-cochere's checking booth was destroyed in 1946 by a bus. A new, free-standing booth was built on an island in 1962. Interior renovations in 1937, 1966 and 1973 altered original interior details.
The Superintendent's Residence is a 1-1/2 story timber framed structure, built as winter quarters for the park's superintendent. Between 1915 and 1923 the superintendents lived at Longmire in the summer. From 1924 Superintendent O.A. Tomlinson made the Nisqually residence the permanent superintendent's home. It has continued in that use. The house was built by DeWitt Reaburn, and originally measured by with an by porch across the front. An extensive renovation in 1965 added a carport and covered walkway joining it to the house. he original double-hung window sashes were replaced with sliding units and the interior was remodeled. The porch's log posts were replaced with heavy dimension lumber at some point.
The Ranger's Residence is a 1-1/2 story frame house in a split-level plan, built in 1915 by the Park Service.
The Oscar Brown Cabin was named after its first occupant, a park ranger who was of the first permanent rangers in the park. Built in 1908, the cabin functioned as a checking station for visitors entering the park and was the park's headquarters until 1916. The log house features an elaborate two-story front porch in varying sizes of logs. The upper level features an arched log from which small logs radiate to the roof gable, forming a sort of sunburst screen. A small lean-to bay was added in 1909, with another addition to the rear in 1910 that may have functioned as the superintendent's office. The cabin was the superintendent's winter quarters until 1915.
Other buildings in the district include an equipment building and men's and women's comfort stations (1927).

</doc>
<doc id="31210319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210319" title="Nasser Golzari">
Nasser Golzari

Nasser Golzari is an architect and academic. He is the principal partner in Golzari - NG Architects in London, and the MA design module leader at the University of Westminster, Masters of Architecture: Cultural Identity and Globalisation. Golzari has also been the Architecture Pathway Leader at University of the Arts London from 2004-2010. He was also a visiting Professor at Esfahan University of Arts and visiting critic at a number of universities in the UK and abroad. Golzari was the founding editor of A3 Times architectural magazine and A3 Forum.
As an architect, Nasser has worked both in private and public sector since 1985 on a number of projects nationally and internationally, building a number of educational and residential projects, some of which have been nominated for Civic Trust Award. For a number of years he has been active in design and research on urban strategies for local government and municipalities, including specific interest on the subject of sustainability, environment and cultural identity.
His current architectural projects are mainly in Europe and the Middle East. This includes design projects of schools, housing and sustainable urban regeneration. One of his current activities is the setting up of Palestine Regeneration Team (PART)],[http://www.palestineregenerationproject.com/] in collaboration with Professor Murray Fraser and Yara Sharif. PART is an innovative approach to urban reconstruction in the troubled region of the Middle East to heal spatial fractures caused by conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="31210325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210325" title="Donbass (ship)">
Donbass (ship)

Donbass was a Soviet ship sunk by a German U-boat in 1942, when it was on its way to the United States.
The case aroused considerable later interest due to the widely held assertion that the Soviet spy Arnold Deutsch was among the passengers killed in the attack, and that he was at the time bound for an espionage mission in the Western Hemisphere.

</doc>
<doc id="31210333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210333" title="Football Governance Inquiry">
Football Governance Inquiry

The Football Governance Inquiry is an ongoing British public inquiry into the governance of football in the United Kingdom. The inquiry was announced on 7 December 2010.
John Whittingdale, the Committee Chair said: "The Government has said that it will encourage the reform of football governance rules to support the co-operative ownership of football clubs by supporters, and there is widespread concern that the current governance arrangements are not fit-for-purpose."
Committee members.
The committee of inquiry, the members comprises:
Background.
After several high-profile controversial events in football including but not limited to Thaksin Shinawatra's ownership of Manchester City F.C., leveraged buyouts by Tom Hicks and George Gillett at Liverpool F.C. and Malcolm Glazer at Manchester United, Portsmouth F.C.'s administration and four successive ownerships within the space of 12 months, public in-fighting within The Football Association, England's unsuccessful multi-million pound bid for the 2018 World Cup, record high amount of money being paid to sports agents and record numbers of clubs entering administration, there was scope to see what could be done to improve Governance of football in United Kingdom.
Criticism.
BBC's Sports Editor David Bond criticised the scope of the inquiry as being "too broad to deliver anything worthwhile".
The inquiry.
Members of the public were asked to submit written evidence for the inquiry, the following questions were asked:
The Government published a 447 page document containing written information from members of the public, football supporters' trusts, universities and football clubs notably Chester F.C. and Scarborough Athletic F.C.
On 8 February 2011, the Committee held the first evidence session for its inquiry into football governance took place at Portcullis House.

</doc>
<doc id="31210342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210342" title="1992 Karl Schäfer Memorial">
1992 Karl Schäfer Memorial

The 1992 Vienna Cup was the Karl Schäfer Memorial figure skating competition of the 1992–1993 figure skating season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing.
The competition took place in Vienna, Austria from September 24 through 27, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31210350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210350" title="Operative Professional">
Operative Professional

The Operative Professionals form the second career level and they are public law educational degrees. This advanced training prepares the trainee for accountability of middle management and so the Operative Professional has available extended know how and responsibility.
Which profiles are there?
Certified IT Systems Manager.
They design technical optimised IT solutions in line with the market. They plan, manage and monitor IT development projects and take part in the leadership of employees.
Certified IT Business Manager.
They lead independently and self-dependent IT projects. They are responsible for the specific aims like chronological, financial and human resources. Of course they take part in the leadership of employees.
Certified IT Business Consultant.
They counsel companies in questions of analysis, definition of aims, development and implementation of IT concepts. They consolidate the company by finding potential for development, helping to be competitive and expanding business opportunities. They also take part in the leadership of employees.
Certified IT Marketing Manager.
They supply technically optimised market-conform IT solutions, lead the marketing and purchasing of IT products and IT services. They support the company decisions with strategic information in trading and economical terms. They take part in the leadership of employees.
Admission requirements.
For the further education “Operative Professional” you need the following requirements (§2 IT-RVO).
The qualification of IT-specialists is separated into 14 profiles. You find these profiles in the IT-Fortbildungsverordnung.
The qualification “certified specialist” can be verified by:
Dissident from this can be admitted who substantiates the skills with other certifications which authorise to participate in the exam.
Procedure of civil training.
There are a range of training academies nationally which provide the training. There are different types of training models, from weekend schooling to full-time training systems.
Procedure of the training in the Bundeswehr.
The qualification as an Operative Professional provides the soldiers with the necessary skills to manage all operational tasks optimally. This education is the perfect basis for returning to civil life and it offers interesting job prospects.
The soldiers have the choice between different training places which provide the training as an Operative Professional.
The places in Germany are: Munich, Bad Frankenhausen, Veitshöchheim, Schwerin, Regensburg, Hof, Karlsruhe, Berlin, Mölln (Hamburg), Leipzig, Mainz, Hanover und Hilden.
Exam, procedure and content.
The IHK is a local organization of businesses whose goal is to further the interests of businesses. The IHK is responsible for the Operative Professional exam.
The IHK-Exam subdivides into the following topics:
Leadership of employees and human resources management.
Here we have two activity-oriented, integrated situation tasks (90 min. per task, together max. 240 min). The second part is a practical demonstration (max. 30 min. and 20 min. preparation time). The potential topics are:
Operational IT-processes.
The exam participants present a project suggestion to the IHK. The deadline will be given by the IHK. This project suggestion is part of the written documentation. Resulting of this presentation is an objective agreement between the trainee and the examination board. This objective agreement describes the content of the project documentation. If the documentation is conform to the objective agreement the trainee has to present the documentation to the examination board of IHK. The presentation should be at least 20 min. and at maximum 30 min. The trainee should use more than one media, for example PowerPoint, Flipchart and Overhead projector. After the presentation the technical discussion follows, the presentation and the technical discussion should take a minimum of 60 and a maximum of 90 min. altogether. The topic of the technical discussion does not have to be the topic of the presentation.
Specific IT- expert tasks.
Every profile has its own test exercises. In this exam you will find 3 case scenarios with a handling time up to 150 min. per scenario but together a maximum of 540 min. One part is in English but can be answered in German.
How to score and how to pass.
You have to pass the exams at least with acceptable results but the part operational IT-processes will count twice compared with the other parts.
Exam „operational IT-processes ":
Ø* The documentation and the presentation are balanced.
Exam „specific IT- expert tasks" and " leadership of employees and human resources management ":
Ø* The overall result is the arithmetic average of the single results.
If the trainee passed in the exam “leadership of employees and human resources management” in the part preparing and performing a trainings phase or preparing and performing a personnel qualification and also passed the Operative Professional overall, he has the qualification to train job trainees in an apprenticeship.

</doc>
<doc id="31210357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210357" title="Paul Knapman">
Paul Knapman

Dr Paul Knapman was Her Majesty’s Coroner for the central London Borough of Westminster, from 1980 to 2011. He was made Deputy Lieutenant of Greater London in 2008. His responsibility for investigating sudden deaths as an independent judicial officer saw him preside over numerous notable cases.
Cases and events.
He was most recently in the news (October 2010) when presiding over the inquest of the barrister Mark Saunders, controversially shot to death by Metropolitan Police on 6 May 2008. After the ruling of ‘lawful killing’ Dr. Knapman revealed that he would use his powers as coroner to highlight lessons that should be learned by the police for the future and would make copies of his recommendation available to Secretary of State for Justice, Kenneth Clarke.
He has an entry in Debrett's, the two-century-old guide to people of distinction and etiquette.
Early life.
Dr. Paul Knapman went to Epsom College, Surrey, King's College London, and St George's Hospital Medical School, London, where he qualified as a doctor – MB, BS (1968). He then proceeded to read for the Bar at the Council of Legal Education, and was called to the Bar as a barrister in 1972.
Honours
Posts held.
Charitable work.
Dr. Knapman helped found the charity, the Coroners’ Courts Support Service, with a pilot scheme in his court, which commenced in January 2003.The charity won the research, advice and support category of The Charity Awards (UK) 2011. He was the Chairman of the board of trustees of the charity until 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31210363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210363" title="Padunna Puzha">
Padunna Puzha

Padunna Puzha () is a 1968 Malayalam film written by S. L. Puram Sadanandan and directed by M. Krishnan Nair. It stars Prem Nazir, K. P. Ummer, Sheela, Jayabharathi, Adoor Bhasi, Sankaradi, Radhakrishnan, Prathapan, G. K. Pillai, Ushanandini and T. R. Omana.

</doc>
<doc id="31210364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210364" title="Osman Omar Wehliye">
Osman Omar Wehliye

General Osman Omar Wehliye took office as Commissioner of the Somali Police Force on 16 March 2011, replacing General Ali Hassan Mohamed (Looyaan).

</doc>
<doc id="31210372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210372" title="Mulakalapalli">
Mulakalapalli

Mulkalapalle, Mulakalapalli or Mulakalapally () is a Mandal in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Mulkalapalle mandal is as follows:
Villages.
The villages in Mulakalapally mandal includes: Chaparalapalli, Jagannadhapuram, Mulakalapalli, Pogallapalli, Pusugudem and Thimmampeta

</doc>
<doc id="31210373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210373" title="Suðurkjördæmi">
Suðurkjördæmi

The Suðurkjördæmi (i.e. "South") is one of the six constituencies ("kjördæmi") of Iceland. Its major town is Keflavík.
Geography.
It is the only constituency bordering with all the other five, included the urban ones of Reykjavík. Its territory includes the glaciers of Vatnajokull (Partly in Norðausturkjördæmi), Eyjafjallajökull, Mýrdalsjökull, Tindfjallajökull, Torfajökull and, at its northern borders, the southern part of the Hofsjökull and Langjökull.
Administration.
Composition.
The constituency includes 20 municipalities, 5 counties and 3 regions.
Towns.
The settlements with town status, listed per order of population, are 16:

</doc>
<doc id="31210374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210374" title="Víctor Cancino">
Víctor Cancino

Víctor Antonio Cancino Araneda (, born 27 June 1972) is a former Chilean footballer, born in Los Lagos, who played in 2001 at the Chilean national team under the orders of the coach Jorge Garcés. Cancino also won a league title in 2004, playing at Universidad de Chile, and is an important player of Deportes Puerto Montt, former 90s team Real Valdivia and Santiago Wanderers, leaving in those teams a message of great effort.
Club career.
Early career.
Cancino was signed by Deportes Puerto Montt from Real Valdivia in his native Los Lagos in the 1997 Primera División season.

</doc>
<doc id="31210388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210388" title="1979 European Amateur Boxing Championships">
1979 European Amateur Boxing Championships

The Men's 1979 European Amateur Boxing Championships were held in Cologne, West Germany from May 5 to May 12, 1979. The 23rd edition of the bi-annual competition was organised by the European governing body for amateur boxing, EABA. There were 120 fighters from across many European countries participated in the competition.
The Heavyweight (– 91 kilograms) and Super Heavyweight (+ 91 kilograms) categories were contested for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="31210394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210394" title="Albert Gourlay">
Albert Gourlay

Albert John Gourlay (31 July 1881 – 1 November 1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Born in Emerald Hill, Gourlay played his early football at West Melbourne before entering the VFL. He played just three games for Melbourne, in the 1903 VFL season and at the end of the year crossed to Carlton. Playing as a defender, Gourlay made three appearances with Carlton and experienced all possible results, a win, draw and a loss. 
He later emigrated to New Zealand, where he got married and worked as a canvasser in Wellington. In 1917 he signed up to serve his adopted country in the war and traveled to the United Kingdom with the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. Gourlay fought with the 29th Reinforcements of the Wellington Infantry Regiment, B Company, on the front and suffered serious wounds. He had been taking part in some of the final offensives of the war and his death at a military hospital in England occurred just ten days before the ceasefire.

</doc>
<doc id="31210400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210400" title="British Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co Ltd v Underground Electric Railways Co of London Ltd">
British Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co Ltd v Underground Electric Railways Co of London Ltd

British Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co Ltd v Underground Electric Railways Co of London Ltd AC 673 is an English contract law case, concerning the duty to mitigate one's loss after a breach of contract.
Facts.
The defendants (British Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co Ltd) supplied the plaintiffs (Underground Electric Railways Co of London Ltd) with turbines which, in breach of contract, were deficient in power. The plaintiffs accepted and used the turbines but reserved their right to claim damages. Later they replaced the turbines with others which were far more efficient than those supplied by the defendants would have been, even if they had complied with the contract. The plaintiffs claimed to recover the cost of the substitute turbines as damages.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that in assessing the damages for the breach any loss sustained by the plaintiffs had to be balanced against any gain to them arising directly out of the steps they had taken to lessen the consequences of the breach. Although the plaintiffs had not been bound to buy the new machines, having done so the consequential gain in profits and saved expenses had to be brought into account. The savings exceeded the cost of the machines and so the plaintiffs recovered nothing under this head.
Giving the leading judgment, Viscount Haldane LC, 688-9, ‘the quantum of damage is a question of fact’. He set out the principles for determining the measure of damages.
The duty to mitigate is not to ‘take any step which a reasonable and prudent man would not ordinarily take in the course of his business.’ Only reasonable steps.

</doc>
<doc id="31210415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210415" title="Tiger by the Tail">
Tiger by the Tail

Tiger by the Tail is a 1955 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Larry Parks, Constance Smith and Donald Stewart. It is an adaptation of the novel "Never Come Back" by John Mair. Larry Parks, a memorable Al Jolson in The Jolson Story, had fallen foul of America's House Un-American Activities Committee, and had his first film role for four years starring in this British low budgeter. 
Plot.
An American journalist works to expose a criminal gang in London. But his investigation of their counterfeiting activities leads to his kidnapping by the gang.

</doc>
<doc id="31210418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210418" title="Coscinoptycha improbana">
Coscinoptycha improbana

The Australian Guava Moth ("Coscinoptycha improbana") is a moth of the Carposinidae family and only member of the Coscinoptycha genus. It is native to Australia, where it is found from Eungella in Queensland down through New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania. It also occurs on Norfolk Island and has been recorded from New Zealand since 1997.
Adults are on wing year round.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Psidium" species (including "Psidium guajava"), "Acca sellowiana", "Macadamia integrifolia", "Eriobotyra japonica", "Prunus domestica", "Prunus persicae", "Pyrus pyrifolia", "Citrus" species (including "Citrus unshiu" and "Citrus limon"), "Cassine australis" and "Schizomeria ovata". They bore into the fruits of their host plants. First to third or fourth instar larvae are found inside ripening fruit while the fruit is still on the tree. In fruit such as loquat, macadamia and peach, larvae are found feeding inside the kernel. Larvae leave the fruit through an exit hole to pupate when the fruit has fallen to the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="31210427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210427" title="List of Olympic venues in demonstration events">
List of Olympic venues in demonstration events

For the Olympic Games until the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona and 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, there have been demonstration or exhibition events that have occurred on various sports. Some of these sports later became Olympic sports such as basketball, canoeing, and short track speed skating. These are a list of other venues that hosted demonstration sports that did not become nor had never been official Olympic sports.

</doc>
<doc id="31210433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210433" title="Iskusstvo">
Iskusstvo

«Iskusstvo» (, literally: "Art") — the oldest of the currently published in Russia art magazinees.
History.
Published since 1933 in the Russian language. From July 1941 till 1946 and from 1995 till 2002 magazine was not published. Preserving the tradition of the publication, the magazine regularly publishes materials that present a professional look at classical art and in-depth analysis of the latest trends in contemporary art, art politics and art market. 
Until 1995 the magazine highlights current issues of Soviet art and art history, artistic heritage issues, primarily of Russian art, the artistic culture of the peoples of the USSR, the arts of democratic countries, a number of articles devoted to the development problems of the Marxist-Leninist aesthetics and art theory. The journal covered artistic life of the USSR (the exhibition of art education, etc.). However, the magazine has always adhered to certain principles, including the highest level of expertise and focus on recognized and accomplished artists. It has strived to present the very highlights of the modern and contemporary art landscape (obviously, throughout the Soviet era there was a heavy focus on social realism and propaganda but that was inevitable).
At the moment, "Iskusstvo" - is an independent publication. The editorial board examines global artistic process as a whole. However, the journal remains committed to traditional subjects and tested values such as - painting, drawing, sculpture, design, crafts. But at the same time he is interested in promoting the practices of contemporary art, which today appear to be innovations, and possibly to become a classic. Essentially, this is an elite publication targeted at a quite sophisticated audience. One part of it is our long-time loyal,professional reader, the other is a new generation of well-off, open-minded and enthusiastic audience who want to be trendy and current.
Some of the key partners include Russia's leading art institutions such as the State Tretyakov Gallery, the Hermitage, the Russian Museum, and the State Pushkin Museum.
Content.
Each issue is usually theme-based. For instance, it can be focused on photography, abstract art, Chinese art, Russian painters abroad; the future of art etc. The issue typically comprises interviews with artists; expert articles with in-depth analysis of the theme; overviews of the key world exhibitions; and plenty of illustrations.
At different times for a magazine written and published articles such well-known critics and artists such as: B. E. Groys, M. Gnedovskiy, M. Guelman, E. Tar, AV Erofeev, AV Ippolitov, KM Malitskaya, VV Patsukov, AG Rappaport, L. Rempel, Stanislavsky, V. Fomin, , N. Iljine, A. Lebedev, I. Markin, V. Tsereteli.

</doc>
<doc id="31210449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210449" title="It's Hard to Be Good">
It's Hard to Be Good

"It's Hard to Be Good" is a 1948 British comedy film directed by Jeffrey Dell and starring Jimmy Hanley, Anne Crawford and Raymond Huntley. An ex-army officer and do-gooder finds his attempts to improve the world leads invariably to disasters.

</doc>
<doc id="31210467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210467" title="T. M. Sabaratnam">
T. M. Sabaratnam

Thambaiyah Mudaliyar Sabaratnam (also spelled Tambia Mudaliyar Sabarutnam, Thambaiyah Mudhaliyar Sabarutnam or Thambiah Mudaliar Sabaratnam; Tamil: தம்பையா முதலியார் சபாரத்தினம்; Sinhala: තම්බය්යා මුදලියාර් සබාරත්නම්) (16 January 1895, Mullaitivu, Northern Province, Sri Lanka–23 January 1966, Mullaitivu), was a Sri Lankan Tamil politician, Member of Legislative Council of Ceylon, Proctor of the Supreme Court. He also served as a member of the Board of Management of the Ramakrishna Mission Ceylon and Chief Trustee and later Honorary President of the Vattapalai Amman Temple Trust.
Early life.
T. M. Sabaratnam pursued his school education at the prestigious Royal College Colombo. Sir John Kotelawala was his contemporary at Royal College. Then he entered the Law College and Later he was registered as a Proctor of the Supreme Court of Ceylon.
Political career.
In 1924, Sabaratnam was elected unopposed to the Legislative Council of Ceylon from Northern Province - East constituency, and held this office until the first election to the State Council in 1931.
Services to religious organisations.
Sabaratnam was a Member of the Management Board of the Ramakrishna Mission Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) Branch. 
He was also the President of the Vattapalai Kannagi Amman Temple Trust for a very long period. His services to the welfare of the temple and the devotees are still remembered with gratitude.
Personal life.
He married Valambigai Alagamma; they had two children, Mr Rajakone Pulendra Sabaratnam and Mrs Sakuntala Nalliah (née Sakuntala Sabaratnam). He had four grandchildren: Dr. Nalliah Kumaraguruparan, Nalliah Thayabharan and Nalayini Ravindranath (née Nalayini Nalliah) by Mrs Sakuntala Nalliah, and Shanthakumari Pulendra, daughter of Pulendra Sabaratnam.

</doc>
<doc id="31210473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210473" title="Heyck">
Heyck

Heyck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31210478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210478" title="Fabio Góes">
Fabio Góes

Fabio Góes (São Paulo, 12 April 1975) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter and musician. He released his first album "Sol no Escuro" (Sun in the Dark) in 2007. The album appeared in the top 15 best albums of the year in Rolling Stone magazine. The critic Pedro Alexandre Sanches, from Carta Capital, highlighted "the inspiration, the swing, subtlety and care" of Góes; Ricardo Alexandre - in one of the last editions of Bizz magazine - gave five stars to the album for its "detailing, care, sophistication and maturity."
In late 2008, songs from "Sol no Escuro" were selected for inclusion in the soundtrack of HBO's acclaimed Brazilian sitcom "Alice", which was directed by Sergio Machado and Karin Ainouz. The song "Sem Mentira" won a video produced by HBO. In 2009, one of his songs, "Pictures", was featured in a Ford Edge commercial.
For nearly a decade, Góes was also a composer and music producer for films and commercials. He was part of the composers team for films such as "“Abril Despedaçado” (Behind the Sun/2001)", by Walter Salles, "Cidade de Deus", by Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund, the documentary "Pixote in memoriam" (2006) by Felix Gilbert and Briso Topczewski and the award-winning short film "Balada das Duas Mocinhas de Botafogo" (2006), by João Caetano Feyer and Fernando Valle.
He was also the co-producer of "Freak to Meet You - The Very Best of Jumbo Elektro (The Ultimate Compilation)", the debut album of the band Jumbo Elektro, released in 2004.
His song "Sonhando", co-written with Ed Côrtes and interpreted by Céu, is part of the soundtrack of the movie "Não por Acaso" (Not by Chance/2008). This is the first film from director Philippe Barcinski.
In 2011, Góes released his second album named "O Destino Vestido de Noiva" featuring Kassin, Curumin and Luísa Maita. The album entered the Top 10 list of Rolling Stone magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31210487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210487" title="Álvaro Sarabia">
Álvaro Sarabia

Álvaro Gustavo Sarabia Navarro (born 5 January 1978) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Primera B side Puerto Montt.
Club career.
Sarabia joined Colo-Colo lower divisions at early age, being promoted to the first adult team in 1997. In 2000, he moved to Arturo Fernández Vial of the Chilean second division.
In 2002, Sarabia signed for Puerto Montt, team of the Chilean Second Division in this time. He completed a good performance in the club, achieving the second division title, promoting to the Chilean Primera División.
His Primera División debut with Puerto Montt came on 2 March 2003, in a 1–0 home win to Palestino, and scored his first goal in Primera on 27 April against his former club Colo-Colo, in a 1–1 draw. Other important goal of Sarabia in the team was against other biggest club of Chile: Universidad Católica once in a 1–1 draw. In the next season, Sarabia scored 9 goals in 31 appearances in the all of season.
Sarabia lived his best moment of his career in the season 2005, being the goalscorer of the team and of the tournament with 13 goals. After of his Puerto Montt performances, he was transferred to the Mexican club Chiapas.
In Jaguares de Chiapas, Sarabia only scored 1 goal in 12 appearances, returning to Chile to play with Palestino the Torneo de Apertura 2006. In his club debut against Coquimbo Unido, he scored in the 3–1 victory to this club. However, he only scored 3 goals in 6 games, due to an injury that he suffered. In the Clausura, he did not play in all tournaments. In the next season, he played few games with the club, being transferred to Rangers de Talca in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31210490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210490" title="Jeffrey Dell">
Jeffrey Dell

Jeffrey Dell (1899–1985) was a British writer, screenwriter and film director. He is also known for his 1939 novel "Nobody Ordered Wolves" which was based on the British film industry.
Selected filmography.
Director
Screenwriter

</doc>
<doc id="31210497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210497" title="List of Olympic venues in alpine skiing">
List of Olympic venues in alpine skiing

For the Winter Olympics, there are 37 venues that have been or will be used for alpine skiing. Most of the events used were in multiple locations for the Winter Olympics though a single venue for all events have been done in recent Games in an effort to lessen economic and environmental concerns.

</doc>
<doc id="31210508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210508" title="Peter Bennetts">
Peter Bennetts

Peter "Bruce" Bennetts (25 March 1967) is an Australian visual artist specialising in architectural photography.
Biography.
Born in Sydney, Australia, Bennetts spent his childhood in Perth before moving to Melbourne in 1984 to study photography at RMIT University. After graduating, he worked within environmental reporting, contributing images to Lonely Planet and in conjunction with Tony Wheeler co-authored the book, "Time & Tide: The Islands of Tuvalu".
During his photographic career Peter Bennetts has photographed projects by international architecture firms including but not limited to; Casa da Música by Office of Metropolitan Architecture, MAXXI – National Museum of the 21st Century Arts by Zaha Hadid Architects, Barcelona Pavilion by Mies Van Der Rohe and Torre Agbar by Jean Nouvel. Additionally, Bennetts has also worked with architecture firms based in his home country Australia, including; Melbourne Rectangular Stadium by COX Architects & Planners, Jane Foss Russell Building by John Wardle and the Australian Centre for Contemporary Art (ACCA) by Wood Marsh.
Notably, Peter Bennetts presented a solo exhibition in 2008 titled, "Recent Architecture Photography", featuring images including, portraits of; Bill Henson, Jean Nouvel, Peter Cook and Greg Lynn, alongside his commercial architectural work and environmental reporting of Tuvalu.
In 2005 Peter Bennetts co-founded the Falls Creek, Victoria Artist's Camp with David Hugh Thomas, an annual event that brings contemporary artists together in Falls Creek, Victoria, Australia.
Publications.
Magazines.
Peter Bennetts has contributed in magazines including; Wallpaper (magazine), Frame (magazine), Mark (magazine), Dwell (magazine), Domus (magazine), Casabella, Architectural Review, Architecture Australia and Artichoke.
Equipment.
Peter Bennetts utilises an Alpa camera with Rodenstock GmbH and Schneider Kreuznach lenses paired with a Leaf (Israeli company) Aptus II 10 medium format digital camera back.

</doc>
<doc id="31210529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210529" title="Hans Francis Hastings, 12th Earl of Huntingdon">
Hans Francis Hastings, 12th Earl of Huntingdon

Hans Francis Hastings, 12th Earl of Huntingdon (14 August 1779 – 9 December 1828) was a British Royal Navy officer and peer. He was sometimes known by his second Christian name, Francis, Earl of Huntingdon.
Family background.
Hastings was the youngest of the four sons of Lieutenant-Colonel George Hastings, a great-great-great-great-grandson of Sir Edward Hastings of Leicester Abbey, son of Francis Hastings, 2nd Earl of Huntingdon. During the lifetime of Francis Hastings, 10th Earl of Huntingdon, George's elder brother was regarded as heir-presumptive to the earldom, and a marriage was arranged between George and the Earl's younger sister Lady Selina Hastings (daughter of the 9th Earl and his wife Selina). However, Lady Selina died on 12 May 1763, and in 1769 George Hastings married instead Sarah Fowler, daughter of Sir Richard Fowler, 2nd Baronet, of Harnage Grange. The 10th Earl of Huntingdon died on 2 October 1789 and was succeeded in his estates and the baronies of Botreaux, Hungerford, de Moleyns and Hastings by his surviving sister Elizabeth, whose son Francis Rawdon-Hastings was created Marquess of Hastings in 1816. George Hastings' brother the Rev. Theophilus Henry Hastings, though assuming the style of 11th Earl of Huntingdon, took no steps to prove his right to the Earldom, which therefore became dormant.
Early career and marriage.
Hans Francis Hastings entered the Royal Navy in 1793 and was promoted Lieutenant in 1799. He was severely wounded in an action in Quiberon Bay.
On 12 May 1803 he married Frances Cobbe, the daughter of the Rev. Richard Chaloner Cobbe, rector of Great Marlow. They had four sons:
and four daughters
Claim to the Earldom.
For a distant kinsman(6th cousin) of the tenth Earl of Huntingdon, the successful pursuit of a claim to the peerage, which had fallen into abeyance, was an arduous affair which finally succeeded in 1819. A book was written on the subject.
Ref
Later life.
On 31 March 1820, Huntingdon's wife Frances died, and on 28 September the same year he married Eliza Mary, daughter of Joseph Bettesworth of Ryde and widow of Alexander Thistlethwayte.
He returned to his naval career, being promoted Commander on 7 March 1821. He served as Governor of Dominica between 1822 and 1824, and was made Post Captain on 29 May 1824. On 14 August the same year, he took over command of the "Hermes" class sixth-rate sloop HMS Valorous and sailed her to the West Indies. However, he became seriously ill, relinquished his command, and took a passage home by way of New York.
He died at Green Park, Youghal, at the age of 49, and was succeeded in the earldom by his eldest son, Francis Theophilus Henry Hastings. His widow remarried on 26 April 1838 to Colonel Sir Thomas Noel Harris KH and died on 9 November 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="31210533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210533" title="William Duckett (MP)">
William Duckett (MP)

William Duckett (23 May 1624 – 1 November 1686) was an English gentleman who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1679.
Duckett was the son of John Duckett, of Hartham House, Corsham, Wiltshire, a Royalist gentleman. He matriculated at St John's College, Oxford, on 3 July 1640 aged 16. He was student of the Inner Temple in 1642. 
In 1659, Duckett was elected Member of Parliament for Calne in the Third Protectorate Parliament. In 1660, he was re-elected Member for Calne in the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679. 
Family.
Duckett married three times:
Duckett died on 1 November 1686 at his home in Calne, Wiltshire, at the age of 62. He was buried on 5 November.

</doc>
<doc id="31210537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210537" title="Letterio Catapano">
Letterio Catapano

Letterio Catapano was an Italian footballer. He was one of the S.S.C. Napoli's first players.
After spells with A.S. Taranto Calcio, he made the move to S.S.C. Napoli in 1926, where he played three seasons in the Divisione Nazionale. He made his debut in the club's first ever competitive fixture, a 3–0 defeat at home to Inter Milan on 3 October 1926. He continued to play all eighteen games of the season, all but one of which ended in defeat. In 1927-28, Catapano played in the 4–0 win over Reggiana on 25 September 1927, the club's first ever top-flight victory. He made just two appearances in his final season with the club, and moved on to Paganese Calcio 1926 in 1929 and to F.C. Catanzaro in 1930. He finished his career at Ascoli Calcio 1898, retiring in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="31210555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210555" title="Tekulapalli">
Tekulapalli

Tekulapalle, Tekulapalli or Tekulapally () is a Mandal in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Tekulapalle mandal is as follows:
Villages.
The villages in Tekulapally mandal includes: Bethampudi,sulanagar, Boddu Thanda,shanthi nagar,gollagudem,Bodu, Gangaram, Gollapalle, Koppurai, Koyagudem, Pegallapadu,
Sambunigudem, Sulanagar, Tekulapalli and Thadikalapudi in koyagudem panchaithi thandas jethyathanda, kothathanda,chukalabodu,hanumathanda,danthalthada,madrasthanda,babojithanda,rauoolpadu,chintham chelaka,
in tekulapalli THE BJP LEADER BANOTH SARDAR NAYAK.

</doc>
<doc id="31210558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210558" title="Giant Baba Memorial Cup">
Giant Baba Memorial Cup

The Giant Baba Memorial Cup was a professional wrestling memorial event produced by the All-Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) promotion, which took place from January 2 to January 14, 2002 at Korakuen Hall in Tokyo, Hakata Star Lane in Fukuoka, the Nagasaki NCC Studio, Sasebo Sports Bunka Hall, Kokura Northern Gymnasium, Kagoshima Prefectural Gymnasium, Osaka Central Gymnasium, and the Bunka Gym in Yokohama, Japan. It was the second event held in honor of AJPW founder Shohei "Giant" Baba preceding the Giant Baba Memorial Spectacular in 2001 and was followed by the Giant Baba Memorial Six Man Tag Team Tournament three months later. Thirty-one professional wrestling matches were featured on AJPW's "New Year Giant Series" tour over a three-week period, with the opening rounds, semi-finals and the final match airing on Gaora TV.
The Giant Baba Memorial Cup, held as a round robin tournament, had a uniquely different point system traditionally used by the Champion Carnival or World's Strongest Tag Determination League. Winners were awarded points on the duration of the match rather than simply defeating an opponent.
The participants were separated into two separate blocks; Shigeo Okumura, Nobukazu Hirai, Hideki Hosaka, Hi69, Mitsuya Nagai and Ryuji Hijikata were in "Block A" and Nobutaka Araya, Yaz Urano, Tomoaki Honma, Gran Naniwa, Kazushi Miyamoto, and Masato Tanaka were in "Block B". The winners of each block, Mitsuya Nagai and Nobutaka Araya, faced each other in the tournament finals at the Yokohama Bunka Gym on January 14, 2002.
Results.
The Giant Baba Memorial Cup was a round-robin tournament consisting of two six-man blocks, and running from January 2 to January 14, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31210567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210567" title="Co-op Insurance Soc Ltd v Argyll Stores Holdings Ltd">
Co-op Insurance Soc Ltd v Argyll Stores Holdings Ltd

Cooperative Insurance Society Ltd v Argyll Stores (Holdings) Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1997/17.html UKHL 17 is an English contract law case, concerning the possibility of claiming specific performance of a promise after breach of contract.
Facts.
Co-op Insurance Soc Ltd owned the freehold of a shopping centre and they let the anchor unit to Argyll as a supermarket, for 35 years, starting 1979, with a covenant to ‘keep open the demised premises for retail trade’. In 1995, the store was making a loss and Argyll closed, despite Co-op Insurance's protests.
The trial judge refused a specific performance order. The Court of Appeal granted an award of specific performance by a majority, because there was considerable difficulty proving a loss suffered and Argyll had acted with ‘unmitigated commercial cynicism’. Argyll appealed.
Judgment.
The House of Lords allowed Argyll’s appeal and said the judge’s exercise of discretion was correct so that no specific performance could be awarded. Setting out reasons, (1) it was settled practice that no order would make someone run a business (2) enormous losses would result from being forced to run a trade (3) framing the order would be hard (4) wasteful litigation over compliance could result (5) it was oppressive to have to run a business under threat of contempt of court (6) it was against the public interest to require a business to be run if compensation was a plausible alternative. Lord Hoffmann said the following.

</doc>
<doc id="31210569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210569" title="César Talma">
César Talma

César Talma (born October 28, 1980 in Frutillar, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Deportes Puerto Montt of the Primera B Chilena.

</doc>
<doc id="31210571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210571" title="List of Olympic venues in biathlon">
List of Olympic venues in biathlon

For the Winter Olympics, there are 16 venues that have been or will be used for biathlon. Initially debutting in 1924 as military patrol, the event would debut on its own in 1960. Only three times in the Winter Olympics have the biathlon event has not been in the same location as cross-country skiing (1972, 1998, 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="31210610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210610" title="Kings of Chaos">
Kings of Chaos

Kings of Chaos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31210615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210615" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 29)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 29)

The following is a list of episodes from the 29th season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", which aired in 1999. This was the last season to have more than 10 episodes.
Episode 1 (Noisy and Quiet).
Rogers witnesses the Westminster Choir College Bell Choir. Mr. McFeely shows a video on how bells are made. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Mayor Maggie presents a loud bell to Henrietta. That bell quickly becomes a big irritant to the others. 
Episode 2 (Noisy and Quiet).
Rogers attends the rehearsals for a dance team that performs with long ribbons. Henrietta, X, and a muted Bob Dog are frightened when they see so many of their neighbors in strange costumes. What they don't know is that these costumed neighbors are staging a parade.
Episode 3 (Noisy and Quiet).
Rogers visits drum performer Tim Adams. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, X and Henrietta have rigged their tree so that, at the first sign of anything unnatural, everyone will hear constant drumming. 
Episode 4 (Noisy and Quiet).
Rogers recounts his snorkeling adventure with Sylvia Earle, back from 1990. Sylvia Earle visits the television house, and screens a videotape on the sounds of fish. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, everyone is upset at the constant bell-ringing and drumming at Henrietta and X's tree. No one can convince him to stop, especially since fewer and fewer neighbors remain uncostumed. 
Episode 5 (Noisy and Quiet).
Chuck Aber, dressed as a marching-band leader, visits the television house to borrow one of Rogers' noisemakers. Contrasting the noise is Rogers' contention that a smile is quiet and lovable. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe is ready for its costume-laden parade, but must convince X and Henrietta of the parade's nature. 
Episode 6 (Go-Stop-Go).
Rogers assembles a fountain in his kitchen. He shows a videotape of numerous fountains from around the world. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how raincoats are made. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday donates the old castle fountain to Mayor Maggie and the people of Westwood. Lady Elaine gets a gift as well. Chuck Aber gives her a nozzle to squirt water. 
Episode 7 (Go-Stop-Go).
Rogers and Chuck Aber discuss the proper safety gear for in-line skating. Those in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe think they have made progress to curb Lady Elaine's random squirts. Mr. McFeely shows a video on how concrete sidewalks are made. 
Episode 8 (Go-Stop-Go).
Mr. Rogers visits Marc Brown, creator of the book series featuring Arthur Read. Marc Brown talks about how his Grandma Thora (Arthur's grandmother) had saved his childhood drawings, shows Fred a scene from his guest appearance on "Arthur" from the Season 2 episode "Arthur Meets Mister Rogers", and meet Michael Yarmush, who does the voice of Arthur and Arthur himself shows up in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, greeting several neighbors — including Lady Elaine. Rogers views a video on how traffic lights are assembled.
Episode 9 (Go-Stop-Go).
Rogers takes an extended trip to a fire station. The lessons learned there, extend to the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, as several neighbors become volunteer fire fighters. 
Episode 10 (Go-Stop-Go).
Rogers goes to a school gym class to dance and exercise where he witnesses a school fire drill. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe gives support to the Platypus family following the previous day's fire. King Friday gives an award to Lady Elaine for her action. 
Episode 11 (When Things Get Broken).
Rogers enters with a computer mouse and introduces viewers to a different room of the television house. He introduces viewers to the online neighborhood ([http://www.pbskids.org/rogers]). Mr. McFeely shows a video on how a computer mouse is fixed. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday and Queen Sara are searching for the "royal mouse". He has been in the Museum-Go-Round, busily planning a surprise with Lady Elaine. 
Episode 12 (When Things Get Broken).
Rogers reads the library book "When the TV Broke" before visiting the neighborhood library. Once there, he finds a title the librarian recommends. Before he reads, Rogers sits in on a kids' crafts group. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday insists that the royal HulaMouse must return to the Castle. Chuck Aber sees him first, and when he takes HulaMouse to the Castle, they learn King Friday is flying around the world in search of him. 
Episode 13 (When Things Get Broken).
Rogers visits the studio of George Rhodes. He watches as Rhodes demonstrates one of his mechanical ball inventions. A co-worker shows Rogers around to see various men at work on these machines. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday returns, not at all pleased by HulaMouse's absence. At the height of his anger, he breaks a toy that Lady Aberlin has brought.
Episode 14 (When Things Get Broken).
Joe Negri visits the television house to repair a ukulele. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how bread is made. Not everyone in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe has recovered from the shock of the day before. After King Friday tries an apology, Lady Elaine feels everything is ready for her surprise. 
Episode 15 (When Things Get Broken).
Rogers starts with a visit to a children's dance studio, where participants act out a story. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday truly apologizes for his acts. He joins everyone else at the Museum-Go-Round for Lady Elaine's exhibit. 

</doc>
<doc id="31210620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210620" title="Coleophora mayrella">
Coleophora mayrella

The Metallic Coleophora Moth ("Coleophora mayrella") is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is native to Europe and Armenia, but is an adventive species in the Nearctic ecozone, where it is found throughout the United States and southern Canada. It has also been recorded from New Zealand, Chile and Argentina. The habitat consists of grassy areas and waste ground.
The wingspan is . The adults have a bronzy or greenish metallic sheen with no markings. They fly during the day as well as after dark. They are on wing in June and July in western Europe and from May to August in North America.
The larvae feed within the flowers of "Trifolium repens" where they feed on the seeds. A larval case is built in the later stages.

</doc>
<doc id="31210630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210630" title="Ruxley Electronics and Construction Ltd v Forsyth">
Ruxley Electronics and Construction Ltd v Forsyth

Ruxley Electronics and Construction Ltd v Forsyth [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1995/8.html UKHL 8 is an English contract law case, concerning the choice between an award of damages for the cost of curing a defect in a building contract or (when that is unreasonable) for awarding damages for loss of "amenity". 
Facts.
Ruxley Electronics Ltd was meant to build a seven foot six inch deep pool, but it was built to only six feet. It was found that the pool was safe for diving, and anyway Forsyth never intended to put in a diving board. Also, Forsyth had no intention to use the damages to correct the pool. Moreover £21,560 was unreasonable for a new pool. But Forsyth refused to pay any money given the defect. Ruxley Electronics Ltd sued for breach of contract. Forsyth counterclaimed requesting damages to fix the pool as it should have been.
The trial judge gave the diminution of value was zero and the cost of cure was £21,560. He awarded £750 for inconvenience and £2500 for loss of amenity. The Court of Appeal said the cost of rebuilding the pool should be awarded.
Judgment.
The House of Lords upheld an award of £2500 for loss of amenity. Lord Mustill said ‘the law must cater for those occasions where the value of the promise to the promisee exceeds the financial enhancement of his position which full performance will secure.’ So ‘consumer surplus’ was recognised in an award for breach of contract. To award them nothing would be to say the promise was illusory, and that was unsatisfactory. But correcting was too expensive, and too much for the loss of Mr Forsyth. It would be contrary to ‘common sense’ and unreasonable. So we must look to ‘the loss truly suffered by the promisee’.
Lord Lloyd said that though courts do not care what damages will be used for, the intention of the innocent party for what he does with them may be relevant to the issue of reasonableness in awarding damages.

</doc>
<doc id="31210641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210641" title="Carlos Espinoza">
Carlos Espinoza

Carlos Alberto Espinoza Loayza (born February 23, 1985 in Rancagua, Chile) is a Chilean football goalkeeper currently playing for Coquimbo Unido of the Primera B Chilena.

</doc>
<doc id="31210652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210652" title="Neša Paripović">
Neša Paripović

Neša Paripović (born 1942, Belgrade, Serbia) is a Serbian artist. He is considered one of the key protagonists of Conceptual art in Serbia (then part of the former Yugoslavia) in the 1970s. He was married to Marina Abramović from 1971 to 1976, who was most recently seen in public during Jay-Z's Picasso live art performance.

</doc>
<doc id="31210655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210655" title="Azmeraw Bekele">
Azmeraw Bekele

Azmeraw Bekele Molalign (born 22 January 1986) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in road running and cross country running competitions.
Biography.
He first came to prominence in 2010, which began with a successful cross country season. Representing the Federal Prisons team, he won at the Sululta Cross Country, set a race record of 1:00:57 hours at the Marrakech Half Marathon. and then took a surprise victory at the Jan Meda Cross Country, which served as the national selection event for the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. At the world event he finished in 21st position, helping the Ethiopian men's team (including Gebregziabher Gebremariam, Abera Kuma and Hunegnaw Mesfin) to the bronze medal.
Later that season, he switched his focus to road events and won the Corrida de Langueux 10K in 28:13 minutes (the second-fastest ever on the course). He won the national 30 km championships at the end of October and secured the Great Ethiopian Run 10K title a month later. He returned to France the following week and made his marathon debut, finishing as runner-up at the Marathon De La Rochelle with a time of 2:10:25 hours. He began his 2011 season on the roads, just missing out on a win at the City-Pier-City Loop behind compatriot Lelisa Desisa, although he set a personal best time of 59:39 minutes for the half marathon. He was also the runner-up at the Prague Half Marathon three weeks later.
He claimed his first national title on the track at the 40th Ethiopian Athletics Championships, defeating Dino Sefer in the 10,000 metres. He ran at the Marseille-Cassis Classique Internationale and was leading mid-race but stopped short after mistaking a timing mat for the finish line. Upon realising his error, he began running again but the stoppage had allowed Atsede Tsegay to take the lead and he ended up in second place. At the 2012 RAK Half Marathon he started the race slowly but increased his pace in the second half to finish as runner-up to Denis Kipruto Koech.

</doc>
<doc id="31210659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210659" title="Austin Melford">
Austin Melford

Austin Melford (1884-1971) was a British screenwriter and film director. He was the brother of the actor Jack Melford.
Partial filmography.
Director
Screenwriter

</doc>
<doc id="31210673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210673" title="Yacaranday">
Yacaranday

Yaaranday is a Mexican telenovela by TV Azteca. It premiered in 1999. The protagonists are Aylin Mujica and Jorge Luis Pila.

</doc>
<doc id="31210688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210688" title="2011 Australian GT Championship season">
2011 Australian GT Championship season

The 2011 Australian GT Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing championship open to closed production based sports cars which are either approved by the FIA for GT3 competition or approved by CAMS as Australian GTs. The championship, which was the 15th Australian GT Championship, incorporated drivers titles in two divisions, GT Championship and GT Challenge. The former GT Production division was merged into the GT Challenge division for 2011.
Mark Eddy won his second GT Championship. Driving his Melbourne Performance Centre prepared Audi R8 LMS the 2008 champion finished 36 points ahead of Klark Quinn driving a Mosler MT900 GT3 and 99 points ahead of 2006 champion Greg Crick (Chrysler Viper GT3). Eddy only won one round, but it was the bonus point Phillip Island event at Round 5. Eddy also won races at Winton and Bathurst. Quinn won two races at the street circuits of Adelaide and Townsville, but fell behind Eddy after failing to finish in the second race at Phillip Island. Crick fell behind Eddy after failing to score any points at Bathurst. Peter Hackett, Dean Grant and Kevin Weeks all claimed race wins during he course of the season.
The GT Challenge division was won by Porsche driver Peter Boylan, defeating Lotus driver Tim Poulton by 63 points. They were the only two GT Challenge drivers to complete more than half of the season.
Drivers.
The following drivers contested the 2011 Australian GT Championship.
Race calendar.
The championship was contested over a seven round series.
Points system.
Points were awarded in each division at each race according to the following table. Points were allocated according to the drivers position in their division rather than outright race position, except for Phillip Island Round 5 where points were also allocated according to qualifying order.

</doc>
<doc id="31210691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210691" title="Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd">
Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd

Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd 1 WLR 798 is an English land law and English contract law case, concerning the measure and availability of damages for distress.
Facts.
Parkside built houses on its own land in breach of a restrictive covenant with Wrotham Park Estate in Wrotham Park, Hertfordshire. Wrotham Park sued for breach of the covenant.
Judgment.
Brightman J awarded £2,500 damages, or 5% of the anticipated profits of Parkside under the Lord Cairns' Act jurisdiction. It refused to make an order, for social and economic grounds, to demolish the houses built. The houses’ existence did not diminish the property’s value at all. But a nominal sum would not be enough to achieve justice.

</doc>
<doc id="31210692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210692" title="List of Olympic venues in bobsleigh">
List of Olympic venues in bobsleigh

For the Winter Olympics, there are 21 venues that have or will host bobsleigh. Initially the only sliding sport for the Winter Games, it was first combined with luge in 1976. It has been that way since 1984 and skeleton since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31210693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210693" title="Hepatocystis epomophori">
Hepatocystis epomophori

Hepatocystis epomophori is a species of the genus "Hepatocystis". 
Species in this genus are parasitic protozoa transmitted by flies of the genus "Culicoides" and infect mammals.
History.
This species was described in 1926 by Rhodhain.
Geographical distribution.
This species is found in the Congo Basin.
Description.
This species is similar to "Hepatocystis brosseti" and "Hepatocystis carpenteri".
Host record.
This species infects the fruit bat ("Epomorphorus gambianus").

</doc>
<doc id="31210697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210697" title="Chukkalanti Ammayi Chakkanaina Abbayi">
Chukkalanti Ammayi Chakkanaina Abbayi

Chukkalanti Ammayi Chakkanaina Abbayi is a 2013 Indian Telugu-language family drama film directed by Kanmani. It stars Tarun and Vimala Raman in the lead roles. The music was composed by Anoop Rubens. The film which was in production since 2009, finally released on 25 May 2013 to poor reviews and was declared a flop at the Box Office and didn't give Tarun the much wanted boost in his comeback to films.
Plot.
According to the media reports, the films talks about the ups and downs of the live-in relationships.
Soundtrack.
Anoop Rubens has composed the original score and soundtracks for the film. Chinni Charan has penned the lyrics for the songs.

</doc>
<doc id="31210715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210715" title="Isonomeutis amauropa">
Isonomeutis amauropa

Isonomeutis amauropa is a moth of the Copromorphidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread and moderately common.
The larvae are predatory, feeding on margarodid scale insects under the bark of trees such as "Dacrydium cupressinum" and beech. They are light yellowish-pink with a brown head. Pupation takes place in a tough cocoon.

</doc>
<doc id="31210719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210719" title="Pierścień i róża">
Pierścień i róża

Pierscien i róza is a 1986 Polish musical film directed by Jerzy Gruza and starring Katarzyna Figura, Stefan Kazuro and Katarzyna Cygan. It is an adaptation of the novel "The Rose and the Ring" by the British writer William Makepeace Thackeray.

</doc>
<doc id="31210734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210734" title="Isonomeutis">
Isonomeutis

Isonomeutis is a genus of moths in the Copromorphidae family. All species are endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31210744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210744" title="Everything Is Amplified">
Everything Is Amplified

Everything is Amplified is the third studio album by the Danish electrorock band VETO. It was released February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31210762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210762" title="Robert Aldworth (MP)">
Robert Aldworth (MP)

Robert Aldworth (c 1624 – 20 March 1676) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1654 and 1660.
Aldworth was the son of Richard Aldworth of Bristol who was an alderman and MP for Bristol in 1646. He matriculated at Lincoln College, Oxford on 6 July 1638, aged 14. Aldworth was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1647.
In 1654, Aldworth was elected Member of Parliament for Bristol in the First Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Bristol in 1656 and 1659 for the Second and Third Protectorate Parliaments. 
In 1660, Aldworth was elected MP for Devizes in the Convention Parliament. 
Aldworth was treasurer of Lincoln's Inn in 1674.

</doc>
<doc id="31210769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210769" title="Gulf Bridge International">
Gulf Bridge International

Gulf Bridge International (GBI) is the Middle East’s first privately owned submarine cable system linking Gulf countries on a self healing ring to each other and onwards to Europe, Africa and Asia. It is deploying state of the art submarine technology which provides the region with greatly enhanced connectivity.
History.
Incorporated in December 2008, GBI started production and deployment of the ‘Gulf Ring’ – a "high speed, subsea cable system" connecting Gulf countries together and integrated into the larger GBI Cable System (GBICS) which has onward East and West links to Europe, Africa and Asia. The high capacity demand from the Middle East and lack of diversity/resilience (as witnessed by the cable outages of 2008.) were large driving factors for the establishment of GBI.
Market Growth.
Between 2005 and 2010 the Middle East was the fastest growing region globally in terms of demand for bandwidth and capacity usage. This demand is forecast to double every three years over the course of the next decade, being driven by several factors:
Present.
Since its establishment, the business has been validated, both by the participation of new regional investors and telecom operators looking for a new business model; and the infrastructure to enable them to provide new applications and services.
It currently has landing stations (agreed/built) in:
Products.
GBI products include a full suite of wholesale transmission capacity options including:
Synchronous Digital Hierarchy capacities:
Wavelength-division multiplexing product line: 
Ethernet: 

</doc>
<doc id="31210777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210777" title="Seligman Baer">
Seligman Baer

Seligman (Isaac) Baer was a masoretic scholar, and an editor of the Hebrew Bible and of the Jewish liturgy. He was born in Mosbach, the northern district of Biebrich, Sept. 18, 1825 and died at Biebrich-on-the-Rhine, March, 1897.
Baer commenced his Masoretic studies as early as 1844. He belonged to the school of Wolf Heidenheim, and had in his possession some of Heidenheim's original manuscripts and personal copies of his published works with handwritten marginal notes. Few scholars in the nineteenth century had so intimate an acquaintance with all the details of the Masorah as had Baer, and it was largely due to him that the study of this branch of Hebrew philology was brought to the notice of Biblical critics. His friendship with Franz Delitzsch, who stood sponsor for much of his work, aided him in making known to the world the results of his studies.
Baer's monumental edition of the Jewish prayerbook according to the Ashkenazic rite, "Seder Avodat Yisrael" (Rödelheim, 1868), accompanied by a critical commentary, became the authoritative model for numerous editions published subsequently in the 20th century. His editions of the Jewish liturgy also include Kinnot for the fast of the ninth of Av.
He never occupied an academic position, but was content with the office of Hebrew teacher to the Jewish community of Biebrich. In recognition of his services to the Commission for the History of the Jews in Germany, the honorary degree of doctor of philosophy was conferred upon him by the University of Leipsic. His edition of the Masoretic Bible was published in cooperation with Delitzsch.
The Masoretic Bible of Baer and Delitzsch.
Baer's collaboration with Delitzsch began with an edition of the Psalms in 1861 (Leipsic, Doerfling und Franke). A second edition was published a few years later (Leipsic, Brockhaus).
In the meantime, Baer had conceived the plan of editing anew the books of the entire Hebrew Bible, strictly following the Masoretic tradition. The volumes, with a Latin preface by Delitzsch, appeared (Leipsic, Tauchnitz) in the following order: Genesis, 1869; Isaiah, 1872; Job, 1875; Minor Prophets, 1878; Psalms (together with a treatise "Elementa Accentuationis Metricæ"), 1880; Proverbs (together with "De Primorum Vocabulorum Dagessatione"), 1880; Daniel, Ezra, and Nehemiah (together with "Chaldaismi Biblici Adumbratio" and a treatise by Friedrich Delitzsch on the Babylonian proper names in these books), were published in 1882; Ezekiel (with "Specimen Glossarii Ezechielico-Babylonici" by Friedrich Delitzsch), appeared in 1884; followed by the five Megillot, 1886; the book of Chronicles, 1888; Jeremiah, 1890; Joshua and Judges, 1891; and finally Kings, 1895. The last two were edited by Baer alone, Delitzsch having died in 1890.
Death prevented Baer from finishing the series. Attached to each volume were a number of Masoretic notes taken from the best editions and manuscripts, variant readings between the Occidentals and Orientals, between Ben Asher and Ben Naphtali, and various other Masoretic lists and enumerations.
Criticisms of the work.
In general, Baer's text has been accepted as representing the Masoretic tradition; even though exception may be taken to his view on individual points or to his too extensive generalization from insufficient manuscript evidence. Christian Ginsburg, in his introduction to his Masoretic Bible (London, 1897), has criticized a number of these faults with some severity. He points out, among other things, that Baer has indicated the open and closed sections in the Prophets and the Hagiographa, a thing not usuallydone in Masoretic manuscripts (pp. 10 et seq.); that he has introduced a number of anti-Masoretic pauses (p. 29); that his division of the Sedarim is faulty (p. 41); that he has introduced the dagesh into the first letter of words when the preceding word ends with the same letter (p. 117), as well as the dagesh which follows upon a guttural with silent shewa and a ḥatef-pataḥ under the first of two similar letters (pp. 466, 662), all of which are not warranted by the best manuscripts. The Masoretic notes at the end of Baer's edition are also criticized (p. 92), especially the lists of various readings. Further, the Aramaic paradigms attached to the edition of Daniel, Ezra, and Nehemiah have also been the subject of criticism on the part of Kautzsch ("Grammatik des Biblisch-Aramäischen," p. 23). Many of these faults were due to Baer's inability to consult manuscripts in the large European collections; yet, in spite of this, his editions will remain for some time to come the standard Masoretic text.
Other masoretic works.
Of Baer's separate treatises dealing with the "mesorah" may be mentioned:
For his edition of Aaron ben Moses ben Asher's "Diḳduḳe ha-Te'amim", Baer made a complete handwritten copy of the masoretic treatises and lists in the Aleppo codex in their entirety, as found in the pages that preceded and followed the biblical text. Some of the material from his copy was adapted and published within "Diḳduḳe ha-Te'amim", and the entire copy survived in Baer's personal archive (now found in the Ginsburg collection at the Russian National Library, Moscow). Since the masoretic treatises of the Aleppo codex are now missing, Baer's personal copy allows for a nearly complete reconstruction of the lost material.
Liturgy and other works.
What Baer did for the Hebrew Bible, he also tried to do for the Jewish prayerbook. His "Seder Avodat Yisrael" ("Ritual of Israel's Service"; Rödelheim, 1868), is accompanied by a literary and philological commentary called "Yakhin Lashon" ("Preparatory Study of Language"), which has made the work a standard authority and a model for subsequent Ashkenazic prayerbooks throughout the 20th century and to the present day. Attached to it is the text of the Psalms, accurately vocalized and accented.
Among Baer's other works may be mentioned:
During the latter part of his life, Baer ventured into the field of history, and translated for the Commission for the History of the Jews in Germany the Hebrew accounts of the persecutions at the time of the Crusades ("Quellen zur Geschichte der Juden in Deutschland," ii., Berlin, 1892). The venture was not successful, as Brann has shown in "Monatsschrift," xxxvii. 196 et seq., 286 et seq.

</doc>
<doc id="31210780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210780" title="Isonomeutis restincta">
Isonomeutis restincta

The Marbled Snouter ("Isonomeutis restincta") is a moth of the Copromorphidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it known from the Northland and Auckland districts and in Pureora Forest.
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The head is brownish, while the sides of the crown are sprinkled with whitish. The palpi are brownish sprinkled with dark fuscous and the thorax is brownish. The abdomen is rather dark fuscous, mixed laterally with white and on edges of two basal segments. The forewings are white-brownish, irregularly and coarsely sprinkled with dark fuscous.
The life history is unknown, but probably it is a scale insect predator like "Isonomeutis amauropa".

</doc>
<doc id="31210789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210789" title="Nahariya train station suicide bombing">
Nahariya train station suicide bombing

The Nahariya train station suicide bombing was a suicide bombing which occurred on September 9, 2001 in the Nahariya Railway Station in Nahariya, Israel. This terror attack was executed, for the first time in the Al-Aqsa Intifada, by an Arab-Israeli who was sent by Hamas and detonated himself on the crowded platform. 3 people were killed in the attack and 94 people were injured.
The Palestinian Islamist militant organization Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack.
The attack.
On the morning of September 9, 2001, a suicide bomber entered the Nahariya Railway Station wearing hidden explosives attached to his body. After the train entered the station, soldiers and civilians began stepping onto the platform. The bomber advanced toward them and blew up the explosives on his body in the crowd, killing three young Israeli soldiers who were on their way to their military bases, as well as injuring 94 people. 
The perpetrator.
The suicide bomber was Mohammed Shakur Habeishi, a 48-year-old Israeli-Arab who was a husband of two wives and had six children. Habeishi lived in Abu Sinan, a small Arab village in northern Israel, which lies only eight miles east of Nahariya. Habeishi who was born and raised in Israel and became religious during the early 1980s. Later on he became an active member of the Islamic Movement in Israel and eventually he decided to cooperate with the military wing of Hamas in order to commit a terror attack in Israel.
Aftermath.
In response to the attack, Israel launched a counter-terror attack on four different targets in the West Bank which included buildings in Ramallah used by the Tanzim militia and a building used by the Fatah movement. There were no casualties in the attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="31210793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210793" title="Tennis New Zealand">
Tennis New Zealand

History.
The history of tennis in New Zealand dates back to the 1870s, the decade when the development of modern tennis began. The first "New Zealand Tennis Championships" were played at Farndon in Hawkes Bay in 1886. New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association (NZLTA) was formed at a meeting held in Hastings in December 1886. Shortly after its inauguration, the New Zealand Association became affiliated with the Lawn Tennis Association (England). In 1904 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association amalgamated with six Australian state tennis associations to form the Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia. New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association played a significant role in the origin of the Australian Open. Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia created the tournament called "The Australasian Mens Championships" (which later became Australian Open) in 1905 and was first played in Warehouseman's Cricket Ground and it was decided that championships would be hosted by both Australian as well as New Zealand venues. New Zealand hosted the championship twice— Christchurch (1906) and Hastings (1912). The geographical remoteness of both the countries (Australia and New Zealand) made it difficult for foreign players to entered the tournament. In Christchurch in 1906, of a small field of 10 players, only two Australians attended, and the tournament was won by a New Zealander (Tony Wilding). Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia was one of the twelve national associations of tennis which established the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF) in a conference in Paris, France on 1 March 1913. From 1905 until 1919, New Zealand and Australian tennis players participated in the International Lawn Tennis Challenge (Davis Cup) under the alias of "Team Australasia", the team claimed a title six times (1907, 1908, 1909, 1911, 1914, 1919), however, there were attempts to severance this trans-tasmanian partnership, in order to allow New Zealand players to represent their nation on international tennis events. In 1922, New Zealand dropped out from this partnership and on 16 March 1923 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association was granted affiliation to the International Lawn Tennis Association and thereby became eligible to enter the International Lawn Tennis Challenge in its own right. New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association filed its first challenge with United States Lawn Tennis Association for 1924 International Lawn Tennis Challenge. Tennis New Zealand was the founding member of Oceania Tennis Federation in 1993.
Constitution.
The constitution of the organisation was adopted on 12 August 2006 in the "Special General Meeting" in which the main purpose of the organisation is defined as to promote, develop, enhance and protect the sport of tennis mainly as an amateur sport for the recreation and entertainment of the general public in New Zealand.
Affiliates.
Regional centres.
Tennis NZ consists of six regional centres with clearly defined geographical boundaries. These regional centres, which are affiliated to the national body, control their own activities subject to any requirements which may, from time to time, be legislated for by the national body.
Organisations.
Tennis NZ affiliates several different tennis related private organisations, which are: 
Tournaments.
Tennis NZ annually organises range of events from local tournaments to national and international events. Tennis Auckland hosts two major events of international tennis tournaments each year at the ASB Tennis Centre, Parnell, just prior to Australian Open:

</doc>
<doc id="31210806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210806" title="Lucky Jim (1957 film)">
Lucky Jim (1957 film)

Lucky Jim is a 1957 British comedy film directed by John Boulting and starring Ian Carmichael, Terry-Thomas and Hugh Griffith. It is an adaptation of the 1954 novel "Lucky Jim" by Kingsley Amis.
Plot.
Jim Dixon is a young lecturer in history at a redbrick university, who manages to offend his head of department and create various disastrous incidents. When he eventually delivers a lecture drunk, he feels forced to resign. But just as his career seems over, he is offered a job in London, and when he learns that the girl of his dreams is on her way to the railway station, he chases after her in the professor's old car. The professor's whole family chases after, and arrives at the station just in time to see Jim and the girl disappear on the train to London.
Reception.
The film critic writing for The Times, gave the film a mixed review after the UK premiere in September 1957, stating that the film, ""carries over enough gusto from the original to be funnier than the usual run of British comedies, without managing to avoid lapses into incoherence through pressing the Joke too far.""
When the film premiered in the USA a year later, Howard Thompson of the New York Times wasn't very impressed and called Ian Carmichael "an English answer to Jerry Lewis": ""Let's fervently hope this stale attempt at mirth, furiously sliding back and forth from leaden coyness to plain custard-pie confusion, doesn't mean the end of all the sly, civilized fun we've come to expect from the British specialists."" 
In its 2010 obituary over Ian Carmichael, The Guardian wrote: ""One of his most characteristic and memorable sorties... was his portrayal of Kingsley Amis's Lucky Jim—the anti-hero James Dixon, who savaged the pretensions of academia, as Amis had himself sometimes clashed with academia when he was a lecturer at Swansea. Appearing in John and Roy Boulting's 1957 film, he was able to suggest an unruly but amiable spirit at the end of its tether, his great horsey teeth exposed in the strained grimace that often greeted disaster."" 

</doc>
<doc id="31210824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210824" title="4RO">
4RO

4RO is an Australian radio station serving the Rockhampton region. It was opened in July 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="31210827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210827" title="List of Olympic venues in cross-country skiing">
List of Olympic venues in cross-country skiing

For the Winter Olympics, there are 22 venues that have been or will be used for cross-country skiing. The first events took near the main stadium. In 1936, the first efforts to hold all of Nordic skiing (Nordic combined, ski jumping) in one location took place. This was repeated in 1952. For the 1956 games, the venue was among the first in the Winter Olympics to meet the television needs of RAI, Italy's national broadcaster. The 1956 venue was constructed in an oblong area in an east-west direction with the Grand Stands facing south. A temporary venue was created for the 1960 Games which also included biathlon for the first time. The first permanent Olympic venue in cross-country skiing took place in 1980. For all of Nordic skiing and biathlon, the first time they were in the same location was at the 2010 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="31210837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210837" title="Jefferson County Government Center/Golden (RTD)">
Jefferson County Government Center/Golden (RTD)

Jefferson County Government Center/Golden is an RTD light rail station located at 6th Avenue and Johnson Road in Golden, Colorado, United States. The station is the westernmost terminus of the new W Line which was built as part of the FasTracks expansion. It opened in April, 2013 and is operated by the Regional Transportation District. This station is the westernmost station served by light rail trains in the Denver metro area.

</doc>
<doc id="31210849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210849" title="Phycomorpha metachrysa">
Phycomorpha metachrysa

Phycomorpha metachrysa is a moth of the Copromorphidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 19–20 mm. Adults are dark green with raised scale-tufts on the forewings.
The larvae feed on "Streblus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31210862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210862" title="St John's in the Marsh church (York)">
St John's in the Marsh church (York)

St John's in the Marsh was a church in York, United Kingdom. It was located near the River Foss and Hungate, adjacent to the Hungate dig.
The church closed about the time of the Reformation but not due to the reformation.

</doc>
<doc id="31210879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210879" title="Macau Prison">
Macau Prison

The Macau Prison (; Portuguese: Estabelecimento Prisional de Macau) is prison and agency responsible for maintaining inmates in Macau, China. The prison is staff are under the administration of the Secretariat for Security.
Due to the area's small population, there is only one prison in Macau, Coloane Prison, was opened in 1990 and replaced the former Central Prison on the mainland (built in 1904-1909). There is also a juvenile detention facility in Macau.
The facility consists of a series or connected buildings surrounded by a white wall with barbed wire. Four watchtowers are found along the prison walls.
Functions.
I. Macao Prison carries out the court-imposed penalty of depriving convicts of their freedom and detainment. The Prison has the authority to:
1. Execute the above penalty and punishment appropriately, especially in the aspects of social, economic, family and psychological assistance, pre-job and vocational training and education, cultural, recreational and sports activities, and taking measures to discipline inmates.
2. Facilitate a smooth re-integration of inmates into the community.
3. Arrange and manage the Prison workshops, so that the goals of reintegration and better facilitation of human resources and materials can be achieved; and guarantee a safe working environment.
4. Be responsible for the management of personnel, assets and equipment, and the implementation of projects.
II. There are two sections under Macao Prison: Male Section and Female Section. Attached to each section are two sub-sections: one is for those are detained in custody and the other is for the convicts.
III. Aside from the sections mentioned above, Macao Prison can also set up one or more special confinement sections at other locations for inmates of high security rating and those who are in segregation with special security measures.
IV. Upon approval of the authorized government officials and in exceptional situations, Macao Prison can provide protective custody to certain inmates.
Population.
In 2004 there was about 921 (784 men and 137 women) inmates in the prison and divided amongst male and female inmates. With current (2010) population at 926, a new prison is being built in Ka Ho as the current facility can only hold 1500. The new prison will open in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31210894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210894" title="Esslingen (Neckar) station">
Esslingen (Neckar) station

Esslingen (Neckar) station is the most important station in the town of Esslingen am Neckar in the German state of Baden-Württemberg and is located from Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof on the Fils Valley Railway.
History.
The former imperial city of Esslingen (then spelt "Eßlingen") was at the end of the first railway line in Württemberg, the Württemberg Central Railway (), connecting Esslingen, Stuttgart and Ludwigsburg. Benefitting from the flat route along the Neckar, the work went forward quickly and Eßlingen station was opened to traffic on 20 November 1845. It had a two-storey entrance building and a locomotive depot. Later a residence for railway officials was added.
Not all members of the district’s council saw the new transport mode as an advantage. It was the end of the line, but it was not long before construction of the Fils Valley line continued. They feared that Eßlingen station would become a minor maintenance station on the Eastern Railway between Stuttgart and Ulm. Due to the geographical location in the valley between the Filder plateau and Schurwald range, there was no question of it becoming a railway junction. Nevertheless, Eßlingen subsequently industrialised along with the rest of Germany. The numerous old factory buildings in the western part of Esslingen still bear witness to the industrialisation in the late 19th and early 20th century.
In 1852 the Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen", KWStE), built a second track on the Fils Valley line between Cannstatt and Plochingen.
The station was overloaded and had to be enlarged. This resulted in a shift of the entire complex to the west. The KWStE constructed of a new entrance building on Friedrichstraße (now called Berliner Straße). Now there were ten tracks and four platforms. The freight yard had several sheds. In 1884, the city built the Bahnhofsplatz (“railway forecourt”) in front of the station. The depot premises at 2 Bahnhofsplatz 1899 is obliquely across from the post office that was built in the neo-Gothic style in 1901 and demolished in 2001. In 1909 the customs house in Eisenbahnstraße (now Fleischmannstraße) was added in the Art Nouveau style.
At the beginning of the 20th century a new railway was proposed to relieve the busy Fils Valley line, especially of freight traffic. The line would run along the south bank of the Neckar through Esslingen with a station south of the Neckar in the Pliensauvorstadt district. In 1909, decided the Württemberg State Railways decided for cost reasons not to build the new line as far as Plochingen, but only up to the existing Eßlingen station, running over a 260 metre-long bridge over the Neckar. Since the proposed railway line was always in competition with proposals to quadruplicate the Fils Valley line, it was postponed and ultimately never built.
In 1912, the Eslingen Tramway ("Eßlinger Städtische Straßenbahn") was opened. The tram stop on Bahnhofsplatz served both of its lines: the through line from Obertürkheim to Oberesslingen and the city line, running on a ring through the old town. The latter ran only until 1915. Trams ran on the through line until 1944, when it was replaced by the Esslingen am Neckar trolleybus system.
The Esslingen–Nellingen–Denkendorf Tramway ("Straßenbahn Esslingen–Nellingen–Denkendorf GmbH", END) terminated at a return loop in the Bahnhofsplatz from 1926 to 1978. The interurban tramway linked the communities on the Filder plateau, Nellingen and Denkendorf with Esslingen. In 1929, a branch to Scharnhausen and Neuhausen auf den Fildern was added.
From 14 October 1931, the Fils Valley line between Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof and Esslingen was made four-track. Electrification was inaugurated on the line on 15 May 1933 and suburban services were subsequently established to Stuttgart; these later developed into the Stuttgart S-Bahn. On 15 May 1939 Eßlingen station was renamed Eßlingen (Neckar) station. The station was renamed Esslingen (Neckar) station on 27 September 1965, after the city had similarly changed its spelling in the previous year.
It appears that the statement of the skeptical city officials in the mid-19th century has become true in part. Although Esslingen station is now a transfer point between the S-Bahn and regional trains, all long-distance trains pass by without stopping. Nevertheless, it is not an insignificant station.
Entrance building.
Construction of the first single-storey station building in 1846 was probably led by George Morlok to a design by Michael Knoll. Knoll’s design was in a simple style and a slim, eight-axis construction with a gable roof. On the city side there was an entranceway through an arcade.
In the 1880s, Esslingen had over 20,000 inhabitants and was the fourth largest city in Württemberg. Therefore, the state railway built a magnificent new entrance building in response to the otherwise frugal station. It was built from 1882 to 1883 in an Italian renaissance style. The building consists of an elongated 15-axis, single-story central building and two two-story wing buildings. The central section is preceded by a portico.
For the design of the entrance portal in the centre of the middle section, the architect was probably inspired by a Roman triumphal arch. The Württemberg coat of arms surrounded by oak leaves and laurels is clearly visible above the entrance. Above that is inscribed MDCCCLXXXIII (1883). On the buttress below is inscribed in large letters the word "Bahnhof" (station). The old station building, which stood at the end of the street of Bahnhofstraße was closed. Part of it was acquired by the Friedr. Dick Company, which rebuilt it on its factory premises as an office building. It were demolished in the late 1980s.
The entrance building was rehabilitated with energy-saving measures under the 2009 economic stimulus package. In addition to the platforms were made more accessible by lifts.
Rail services.
The station is served by regional trains and line S 1 of the Stuttgart S-Bahn. Track 1 and the main platform no longer exist. No trains are scheduled to stop on track 2. Track 3 is used by regional trains running to Bad Cannstatt. Track 4 has no platform, and is used by fast-moving long-distance and freight trains. Tracks 5 and 6 are used by regional trains running towards Plochingen. Track 7 is used by regional and S-Bahn trains towards Bad Cannstatt and track 8 is used for services towards Plochingen. Tracks 9 and 10 are used by freight and terminate at a buffer in the Plochingen direction.
Esslingen (Neckar) station is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 3 station.

</doc>
<doc id="31210927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210927" title="Strong Economy for All Coalition">
Strong Economy for All Coalition

The Strong Economy for All Coalition is a coalition of labor unions and community groups in New York State. According to their press materials, the coalition was formed in March 2011 to advocate for private and public policies that will benefit working New Yorkers. Since their formation, they have mainly been involved in pressing for the Millionaire's Tax to be retained in the 2011 state budget.
Coalition members include:
1199 SEIU United Healthcare Workers East, Coalition for the Homeless, United Federation of Teachers (UFT), Citizen Action, Alliance for Quality Education, New York State AFL-CIO, New York Communities for Change, 32BJ SEIU, New York City Central Labor Council, New York State United Teachers (NYSUT), Make the Road New York,
Communication Workers of America (CWA), and the Municipal Labor Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31210933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210933" title="This Book Is Broken">
This Book Is Broken

This Book Is Broken is a book written by Eye Weekly editor Stuart Berman about the Toronto indie rock band Broken Social Scene, from its inception to its critical acclaim.

</doc>
<doc id="31210942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210942" title="Ministry of Sport and Youth Affairs of Georgia">
Ministry of Sport and Youth Affairs of Georgia

The Ministry of Sport & Youth Affairs of Georgia (, "sakartvelos sportisa da akhalgazrdobis sakmeta saministro") is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Georgia in charge of regulating activities related to sports and youth development in Georgia. The ministry is headed by Levan Kipiani.
History.
The ministry was established in 2010 as a result of restructuring activities within the Georgian government in June 2010. The preceding "Ministry of Culture, Monuments Protection and Sports" was split into two separate government agencies: Ministry of Sport and Youth Affairs and Ministry of Culture and Monument Protection. The split was made due to growing importance of sports among youth in Georgia. In 2010, the government allocated GEL 29,236.4 million to the ministry; in 2011 - 30,927.6 million.

</doc>
<doc id="31210970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210970" title="A Matter of Choice">
A Matter of Choice

A Matter of Choice is a 1963 British drama film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Anthony Steel, Jeanne Moody and Ballard Berkeley. Two youths accidentally kill a man.

</doc>
<doc id="31211003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211003" title="Velma Abbott">
Velma Abbott

Flora Velma Abbott (May 29, 1929 – January 1, 1987) was an utility infielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 2", 110 lb., she batted and threw right handed.
A native of Regina, Saskatchewan, Abbott was one of the fifty seven girls from Canada who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League during its 12 year history. A light-hitting reserve player, she was able to play at second base and third and showed speed on the bases, while playing for four different teams in a span of two years.
Before joining the league, Abbott played in California with the Alameda Girls, a twice World Champion in amateur softball. She entered the AAGPBL in 1946, dividing her playing time between the Kenosha Comets, Peoria Redwings and Rockford Peaches. She posted a collective .178 batting average in 52 games, driving in five runs while scoring 15 times.
Abbott opened the 1947 season with the Fort Wayne Daisies, playing for them as a regular at third base. She hit .141 with 27 runs and 15 RBI, including 18 stolen bases and her only career home run.
Career statistics.
Batting
Fielding
Facts.
The All-American Girls Professional Baseball League folded in . It was a neglected chapter of sports history, at least until , when was inaugurated a permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum at Cooperstown, New York, which is dedicated to the entire league rather than any individual figure.
After that, filmmaker Penny Marshall premiered her 1992 film "A League of Their Own", a fictional history centered in the first season of the AAGPBL. Starring Geena Davis, Tom Hanks, Madonna, Lori Petty and Rosie O'Donnell, this film brought a rejuvenated interest to the extinct league.
Abbott and the other girls that represented Canada in the AAGPBL form part of the aforementioned display at Cooperstown. They also gained induction into the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in .

</doc>
<doc id="31211026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211026" title="Cheng Qian">
Cheng Qian

Cheng Qian (; 1882–5 April 1968) was a Chinese military general. 
He occupied a number of significant military and political posts in the Kuomintang and in Sun Yat-Sen's government from the late 1910s through the 1940s. By the late 1940s he was one of the most powerful members of the Kuomintang, and in 1948, he was a successful candidate for the vice-presidency of the KMT Nationalist Government.. He was also Governor of Hunan, his native province and in whose political affairs he had been active all his life. In August 1949, he peacefully surrendered to the Communists, who were rapidly advancing on Guangzhou, the seat of the KMT government, hastening the collapse of the defense of the KMT National Revolutionary Army. 
After 1949, Cheng held several important political positions in the People's Republic of China until his death in 1968.
Xinhai Revolution.
After having studied at a private school and having passed examination in 1889, Cheng joined the Yuelu Academy in Changsha. Here he began to understand the current political situation and decided to give up imperial exams. In 1903, as he was 21, he was admitted first to the Hunan Military Academy. Shortly after, in 1904, he went to study in Japan, where he met Huang Xing and Song Jiaoren, future nationalist leaders, who fascinated him with their ideas. In 1905 Cheng joined Sun Yat-sen's "Tongmenghui" (Chinese United League), committed to overthrow the Qing Dynasty and modernize China.
After graduation in 1908, Cheng returned in China, where he was put in charge of training a New Army in Sichuan. After the outbreak of the Xinhai Revolution, Cheng took part in the Wuchang Uprising and immediately after he participated to the Battle of Changsha.
With the establishment of the Republic of China, Cheng was appointed military commander of Hunan. However, as Yuan Shikai staged his coup to control the Republic, Cheng tried to revolt, but the failure prompted him to flee to Japan, where he joined the Kuomintang and entered the Waseda University. 
Shortly after, Yuan Shikai tried to proclaim himself Emperor, causing the National Protection War. Cheng returned to Hunan to enlist rebel soldiers in Cai E's army. During the Constitutional Protection Movement he was first appointed military commander of Changsha, then Vice Minister of War in Sun Yat-sen's Guangzhou Government. He was put in charge of training troops in Guangzhou, and then took part in the Northern Expedition. From 1925 to 1927 he was the General commanding 6th Army, and briefly served as Chairman of the Government of the Hunan Province in 1928. In 1926 he was elected a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Kuomintang.
Under Chiang Kai-shek.
In the following years, Cheng served in several capacities, including chief of General Staff from 1935 to 1937. When the Second Sino-Japanese War began, Cheng Qian was made Commander in Chief of the 1st War Area in July 1937, and concurrently Chairman of the Government of Henan Province from 1937 to 1939. Cheng Qian was recalled from 1st War area in 1938 to serve as director of the Generalissimo's Headquarters from until 1940. From 1940 to 1944 he was Deputy Chief of Staff of the National Military Council, and from 1944 to 1945 he was acting Chief of Staff of the National Military Council. He was also vice-chairman of the Central Military Commission.
After the war ended, Cheng sided with the conciliatory faction in the Kuomintang. In 1947 he was elected in the Legislative Yuan (in the first election after 14 years) and contested the vice-presidency of the Republic of China in March 1948, barely losing it to Li Zongren, supported by Chiang Kai-shek. Afterwards, he was appointed governor of Hunan once again.
People's Republic of China.
As the Communist Party of China forces gained ground, Chiang Kai-shek stepped down in January 1949; after the collapse of peace talks in April, the communists crossed Yangtze River. Cheng Qian in early August decided to surrender, and so Changsha was peacefully taken by the People's Liberation Army. 
Although the Kuomintang government issued an arrest warrant for Cheng, he was able to reach Beijing to attend the First Session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. The Central People's Government that ruled the People's Republic of China until 1954 appointed him vice-chairman of the People's Revolutionary Military Council and vice-chairman of the Central-South Military and Government Administration Council, working to prevent river floods. He was also a vice-chairman of the Revolutionary Committee of the Kuomintang.
In the following years, he was elected non-communist governor of Hunan in 1952, and a vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress from 1954 till his death.
During the Cultural Revolution, Cheng Qian was among the non-communists that Mao Zedong and Zhou Enlai prevented from being attacked, but he lost his leadership position in Hunan after a revolutionary committee under Li Yuan's chairmanship was formed there. He died in Beijing on 15 April 1968 aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="31211041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211041" title="Road Forks, New Mexico">
Road Forks, New Mexico

Road Forks is an unincorporated community in western Hidalgo County, New Mexico, United States, in the southwestern corner of the state. It is east of the Arizona border, due east of Stern's Mountain, and at the junction of Interstate 10 and NM Route 80. It is southwest of the city of Lordsburg and east of Steins, New Mexico. Road Forks had a post office from shortly after its founding in 1925 until 1955, when postal services were transferred to Lordsburg.
History.
Road Forks was founded in 1925 by Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Porter, who gave it its name.

</doc>
<doc id="31211069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211069" title="Ray Pawson">
Ray Pawson

Ray Pawson is Professor of Social Research Methodology in the School of Sociology and Social Policy at the University of Leeds. 
Pawson's main interest lies in research methodology. He has written widely on the philosophy and practice of research, covering methods qualitative and quantitative, pure and applied, contemporaneous and historical. He is the author of 'Realist Synthesis', a new approach of literature review that, in the last years, has widely influenced systematic review practices of complex programmes and policies all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31211085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211085" title="Erik Tryggelin">
Erik Tryggelin

Erik Viktor Tryggelin, born June 25, 1878, in Stockholm, died August 9, 1962, in Stockholm, was a Swedish artist, drawer and photographer.
Biography.
Erik Tryggelin studied at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts ("Konstakademien") in Stockholm. Then he studied in Paris for some time, during the period of October 1911 until January 1913. In Paris he lived a normal artists' life with his Swedish fellows, for instance David Wallin (1876-1957), Svante Kede (1877-1955), Otto Strandman (1871-1970), Fritz Lindström (1874-1962) and Svante Nilsson (1869-1942).
In Paris he accompanied the art scene and he discovered modernism. In the springtime of 1912 he went to the gallery Bernheim-Jeune and saw the futurists. In 1906 Galerie Bernheim-Jeune was installed in 25, Boulevard de la Madeleine in Paris. Originally an art dealer in Brussels, Alexandre Bernheim moved to Paris in the late 1880s. He opened a gallery there, where his two sons, Joseph, known as Josse, and Gaston, soon came to work. Josse and Gaston Bernheim ran the Paris art firm Bernheim-Jeune, established by their father Alexandre Bernheim. Around 1900, the gallery specialised in Impressionist paintings and the works of later artists. Closely associated with the Nabi painters, in particular Pierre Bonnard and Félix Vallotton – who in fact married one of their sisters – the two brothers not only sold, but also bought and collected many Nabi works. Later, they commissioned several family portraits from them. Among others Josse and Gaston exhibited and moreover Pierre Bonnard, Édouard Vuillard, Paul Cézanne, Georges Seurat, Kees van Dongen, Henri Matisse, Henri Rousseau (he was also known as Le Douanier, the customs officer), Raoul Dufy, Maurice de Vlaminck, Amedeo Modigliani and Maurice Utrillo exhibited. Galerie Bernheim-Jeune became the centre of the avant-garde of the 20th century. Erik Tryggelin also visited Gertrude Stein’s collection with works by Picasso and Matisse.
In Paris Erik Tryggelin also met Karl Isakson and John Sten, and he was surprised by their positive attitude. With the breakthrough of modernism he and his conservative fellows felt that their art was a thing of the past. The first world war vanished the Stockholm that he had portrayed with tender love. After the World War I he disappeared into anonymity, he lived as a bachelor, he was 84 years old.
Tryggelin mainly performed figurative compositions and cityscapes, often with fine evening mood, and with motifs often from Stockholm, Visby and Vadstena. He is a reporter and stroller and in his art you see the people first, and then you think of the environment.
Represented.
Among other places Erik Tryggelin is represented at

</doc>
<doc id="31211099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211099" title="Rami Khalifé">
Rami Khalifé

Rami Khalifé (born September 25, 1981) is a French-Lebanese composer, pianist and artist. Born into a musical Lebanese family in Lebanon, he lived in Beirut before emigrating during the Lebanese civil war and becoming a French citizen.
Described as one of the most exciting composers of his generation; In October 2011, the Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra, under the conductorship of James Gaffigan, premiered Khalifé's 'Chaos', for orchestra and piano, with Khalife at the helm as a soloist. In February 2013, Rami Khalife's Arab Spring-inspired 'Requiem' was premiered by the Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra and The Leipzig Radio Choir, to great critical acclaim. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5iL7XGRJPI1KXszx8wT2H0LRG37rg?docId=CNG.9c6abbbe3bf05583e076f9d3c5bb1ca6.1b1]
Rami Khalife actively tours his eclectic musical projects across the U.S, South America, Asia, Canada, Europe, Australia, performing in such venues as the Kennedy Center (Washington, D.C., USA), the Sydney Opera House (Sydney, Australia), Opera House (Doha, Qatar), Place des Arts (Montreal, Canada), Dar el Opera (Damascus, Syria), Queen Elizabeth Hall (London), Salle Pleyel (Paris, France) UNESCO Palace (Beirut, Lebanon).
Background.
Born September 25, 1981, to musicians, UNESCO Artist for Peace (Paris, 2005) Marcel Khalifé and vocalist Yolla Khalifé, amid the rough and tumble of civil war in Beirut, Lebanon. Rami Khalifé found his armor from the walls imploding around him under the hood of the piano. He recalled, "I was on the terrace on my bike. I left my bike and went inside to play piano. No more than a minute later a car bomb exploded right under the terrace. The bike was gone, and with it the innocence of a child."
The music lived long after the ringing of the bombs and the smatter of bullets. His evening's reprieve would be in front of transistor radios, where he would sit, legs crossed, eyes to the ceiling, and hum symphonies from beginning to end. While the piano could not travel, Rami Khalifé escaped the mounting tension and fled to Syria, before finding a refuge, of sorts, in Paris, France. He would frequent Lebanon regularly over the years that passed, mostly to pay homage to his old piano and take in the new sounds.
Rami Khalifé's evening reprieve has evolved from humming symphonies in front of old transistors, to writing them for the world to hear.
Education.
He resumed his musical training in Paris, France at the Conservatoire National de Région de Boulogne-Billancourt under the direction of Alfred Herzog, who described Rami Khalifé as a prodigious talent, "one is struck by the contrast between the attenuated silhouette on the one hand, and the rich and coloured sound on the other. His musical imagination and his extraordinary improvisations are a joy to those who listen to him."
It was at the conservatoire that Rami Khalifé studied under the likes of Louis Claude Thirion and Marie Paule Siruguet, He enriched his studies with private tutelage at the hand of international pianist Abd El Rahman El Bacha.
Rami Khalifé pursued his higher education at the Juilliard School of Music in New York. Hungarian pianist, Gyorgy Sandor, Bela Bartok's disciple, mentored the young student. It was at Juilliard that he acquired a taste for improvised performances. He began to break away from the archetype of a 'classical pianist' and emerge as something more. Rami Khalifé began playing alongside Juilliard alumnus, pianist and fellow renegade Francesco Tristano, forging an enduring collaborative relationship and friendship. Together they performed several improvised concerts for piano-duo, a first in Juilliard's history.
Compositions.
Orchestra.
In October 2011, the Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra, under the conductorship of James Gaffigan, premiered Rami Khalifé's hour-long composition 'Chaos', for orchestra and piano, with Khalife at the helm as a soloist. In February 2013, Rami Khalife's Arab Spring-inspired 'Requiem' was premiered, within the same program as Marcel Khalife's suite "Oriental", to great critical acclaim. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5iL7XGRJPI1KXszx8wT2H0LRG37rg?docId=CNG.9c6abbbe3bf05583e076f9d3c5bb1ca6.1b1]
Studio.
Rami Khalifé's studio album projects include, Live in Beirut, Piano Concertos, Scene from Hellek, Pop Art (in collaboration with Francesco Tristano), Chaos, Aufgang, Air on Fire (Aufgang). Rami Khalifé has contributed to the works of Bachar Mar-Khalifé's 'Oil Slick' and Francesco Tristano's 'Not for Piano'.  Rami Khalifé and Francesco Tristano's co-compositions appeared on the remix compilations of Carl Craig, Plaid and Agoria, just to name a few.
Film.
A sought-after composer of film music, Rami Khalifé has scored a number of short and feature-length films, working with the likes of Wael Noureddine and Hala Abdullah. Together with his brother, musician Bachar Khalifé, he scored, and performed a live soundtrack to the 1920s German film 'Faust', by Wilhelm Murnau and Gribiche by Jacques Feyder (1925). In 2011, Gribiche was broadcast on ARTE France.
Collaborations.
Aufgang.
Aufgang blend pianos, live drums, and techno-inspired electronics into invigorating displays of virtuosity, which evoke the club and the conservatory without really belonging to either one. Their name is German for "stairway"—an intermediate place, neither here nor there. Given to singing out ecstatically, Aufgang's self-titled debut highlights the emotional extravagance these two different worlds have in common. Aufgang's dual education, in the nightclub and the academy, shows in the historical and stylistic range of their music. .
Rami Khalifé has toured Europe and the Middle East as part of electro-classic group Aufgang.  The trio- Rami Khalifé, Francesco Tristano Schlimé and Aymeric Westrich, have featured at festivals all over the world, including, Sonar (Barcelona, Spain), L.E.V. Festival (Gijon, Spain), Berghain (Berlin, Germany), La Roque D'antheron (Southern France), Beirut Music & Art Festival (Beirut, Lebanon). Aufgang performed live for Radio France and ARTE.
In early 2014, Aufgang announced that the group was parting ways with Francesco Tristano.
POPART.
Rami Khalife and Francesco Tristano perform with two grand piano's as a duo in this inspired post- modern performance, from their album of the same name, POP ART. Put two Steinways head to toe so that they form a square. Draw a circle with a piece of chalk. The whole turns into a geometric figure, a ying yang only longing to sound. These two surrounded pianos, that s Pop Art. Two iron harps, and, sitting at the keyboards like symmetric figures on one playing card, Rami and Francesco, two runaway accomplices.
Marcel, Rami & Bachar Khalife.
In 2011, a new familial collaboration debuted at the Beirut Music & Art Festival under the banner of 'Marcel, Rami & Bachar Khalife'. The concert showcased a fusion of oriental, electronic, classical and percussion music composed by the trio. The collaboration was critically acclaimed. The father-son trio presented a high-energy intermingling of the oud, piano and percussion, shrouded within the frisson of electronic synthesizers and korg keyboards.
The debut of Marcel, Rami & Bachar Khalife's at the Beirut Music & Art Festival 2011 concert sent shock waves through Beirut, with many commentators championing the collaborative performance as 'a revolution in music'. The 2 hour concert was broadcast on MTV.
""They came together through music. Through their fondness for innovation and their desire to transcend boundaries. They came together through an awareness, surrounded by hazards. They bonded in world's of musicality and humanity, resonating between poles of attraction and contention, between, love and opposition. They are inspired by the freedom to choose and experiment; to travel, carrying their memories, to new places resplendent with the colors of life and humanity. Marcel, Rami, and Bachar Khalifé are engaged today in a new journey of togetherness and joint artistic work that began in the year 2000 when both Rami and Bachar joined Al Mayadine Ensemble that Marcel established in the late 1970s.
"It has been a rich journey, one that's allowed both Rami and Bachar to draw, both, inspiration and an artistic identity from this rich musical reservoir. While receiving they gave, both Rami and Bachar have left an indelible imprint on their father's work. Today's work is a distinct creative work marking a milestone along this path, as it bears compositions by Bachar, Rami, and Marcel in a new garb fashioned by all three, who participated in the design, execution, and performance – singing, playing, and artistic expression. The oud, piano, and percussion engage in a conversation of melody, playfulness, noisemaking, or love – elements that the three artists have long explored – traversing their entire range of dynamic extremes, from shouting to whispering, from an outpouring of passion to a diffident reserve . . . to the last note"" - Marcel, Rami and Bachar Khalife.
Awards.
Rami Khalifé received several awards, most notable among them Radio France, UFAM and Claude Kahn piano competitions. In 2009 the Lebanese Social Ministry honored him with a plaque of recognition for his efforts in raising the profile of de-mining initiatives and his advocacy for peace through music. Rami Khalife's latest work 'Chaos' was sponsored by the Arab Fund for Arts and Culture
Soloist.
While best known for his re-envisioning of the classics, Rami Khalifé has featured as a soloist alongside world orchestras, including among others, Globalis Orchestra (Russia), the Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra, Liverpool Orchestra (UK) and Pau Bearn Orchestra (France).  
Rami Khalifé has performed new repertoire from contemporary composers, the most recent of which was the Lebanese composer Abdullah Al Masri's piano concerto with both the Liverpool Orchestra and the Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra.
In 2011, he performed at the ending ceremony for the international piano festival 'La Roque d'Antheron' alongside Francesco Tristano in Bach double concerto in c-minor. The performance was broadcast live on ARTE France.
An active performer alongside composer and Oud player Marcel Khalifé, Rami Khalifé has performed fusion Arabic music in the North America, South America, Asia, Canada, Europe, Australia, in such venues as, the Kennedy Center (Washington, USA), the Sydney Opera House (Sydney, Australia), Opera House (Doha, Qatar), Place Des Arts (Montreal, Canada), Dar el Opera (Damascus, Syria), Queen Elizabeth Hall (London), Salle Pleyel (Paris, France) and UNESCO Palace (Beirut, Lebanon).
Personal.
Rami Khalife is married to journalist Mariam Saab, they live in Paris with their son.
Discography.
Rami Khalifé released:
And featured on:

</doc>
<doc id="31211106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211106" title="Jeff Capel II">
Jeff Capel II

Jeff Capel II (born January 6, 1953) is an American National Basketball Association assistant coach, and a former college basketball head coach. He was head coach of the Old Dominion Monarchs team from 1994 to 2001, of the North Carolina A&T Aggies from 1993 to 1994 and of the Fayetteville State Broncos from 1989 to 1993. He is the father of former Oklahoma Sooners head coach Jeff Capel III and current Appalachian State Mountaineers head coach Jason Capel. He was also an assistant coach with the NBA's Charlotte Bobcats. On November 15, 2011, it was announced that Capel was hired as an assistant coach for the Philadelphia 76ers.

</doc>
<doc id="31211158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211158" title="Basketball Stevenson">
Basketball Stevenson

Basketball Stevenson is a student basketball club that was formed in 2009, which runs from Stevenson College Edinburgh. In 2010 the club competed in the Scottish Colleges League, reaching the National Championships at Aberdeen Sports Village on 8 March 2011. 
Basketball Stevenson are sponsored by Belushi's Sports Bar Edinburgh for the 2010/2012 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31211162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211162" title="2011 Greek Cup Final">
2011 Greek Cup Final

The 2011 Greek Cup Final was the 69th final of the Greek Cup. The match took place on 30 April 2011 at Athens Olympic Stadium. The contesting teams were Atromitos and AEK Athens.
The 2011 Greek Cup Final was Atromitos' first-ever Greek Cup Final in their 88 years of existence and AEK Athens' twentieth Greek Cup Final in their 87-year history.
Background.
Atromitos had never compete in a final match.
AEK Athens had reached the Greek Cup Final twenty times, winning thirteen of them. The last time that they had won the Cup was in 2002 (2–1 against Olympiacos). The last time that had played in a Final was in 2009, where they had lost to Olympiacos after a shocking match that had been ended after a penalty shootout procedure (14–15).

</doc>
<doc id="31211168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211168" title="IBERIABANK">
IBERIABANK

IBERIABANK, (NASDAQ: IBKC) is an American bank.
Overview.
IBERIABANK Corporation is a financial holding company with 266 combined offices, including 171 bank branch offices and four LPOs in Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, Alabama, Texas, and Florida, 22 title insurance offices in Arkansas and Louisiana, mortgage representatives in 60 locations in 11 states, eight locations with representatives of IBERIA Wealth Advisors in four states, and one IBERIA Capital Partners, L.L.C. office in New Orleans.
In Acadiana, IBERIABANK holds the #1 market share position (deposit market share as of June 30, 2013) with a comprehensive retail, commercial, and private banking franchise. IBERIABANK ranks second in market share in Northeast Louisiana with an outstanding retail system and growing commercial and private banking presence. In New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Monroe, Shreveport, Mobile, Birmingham, Houston, Little Rock, and Memphis IBERIABANK serves a niche commercial and private banking target audience.
IBERIABANK's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "IBKC."

</doc>
<doc id="31211176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211176" title="The Temporary Widow">
The Temporary Widow

The Temporary Widow is a 1930 British-German comedy film by the Austrian director Gustav Ucicky, starring Laurence Olivier in his first film role, Lilian Harvey and Athole Stewart. 
Kitty Kellermann is put on trial for murdering her husband, a failed painter. When her counsel resigns from his mandate, the mysterious Peter Bille steps in, though it becomes apparent that he actually is not an advocate but Kitty's lover and moreover confesses the murder. The widow has to admit that the pictures by her deceased spouse sell much better, only for him to suddenly appear alive. 
The film was based on the play "Hokuspokus" written by Curt Goetz. A German language version "Hokuspokus" was made at the same time. After the war, director Kurt Hoffmann filmed two further versions in 1953 (starring Curt Goetz himself) and in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="31211177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211177" title="Rivian Automotive">
Rivian Automotive

Rivian Automotive is an automaker based in Rockledge, Florida.
Company.
The company's founder and CEO is RJ Scaringe, a graduate of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan Automotive Laboratory. Rivian is based in Rockledge, Florida, USA, and has around 30 employees, as well as 20 more contract workers, though it has plans to eventually employ as many as 1,200 people.
Rivian was founded as Avera Motors, but in November 2010, Hyundai Motor Company filed a lawsuit against the company, claiming that the Avera name was too close to that of the Hyundai Azera. As a result, the Rivian name, inspired by the Indian River, was adopted. In September 2011, Scaringe was honored by being named Entrepreneur of the Year at the Florida Governor's 2011 Business Diversification Awards. Later that year, Rivian partnered with local research university Florida Tech to form the Florida Center for Automotive Research, or FCAR. According to Florida Tech's announcement, the major goal of FCAR is to establish an automotive engineering program to create safer, more fuel-efficient vehicles while bringing new jobs to Florida's Space Coast through Rivian's partnership with Florida Tech.
Products.
Rivian's first car will be designed to focus on being both fuel efficient and enjoyable to drive. The design will include rear-wheel-drive, mid-mounted gasoline engine and an aluminum frame to save weight. Rivian claims that the design will result in good acceleration and handling, as well as fuel economy better than that of hybrid vehicles. Road testing of a prototype vehicle reportedly began in 2011. The company's first model, according to Scaringe, will cost in the mid-$20,000 range and have gas mileage of up to . Rivian is also in development of a diesel-electric engine that should achieve an estimated in the city and over on the highway. In a 2011 interview with The Florida High Tech Corridor, CEO RJ Scaringe stated the lofty fuel efficiency numbers will be achieved from reducing the vehicle's weight, while maintaining the highest safety standards.
Most revealing picture to date of the prototype vehicle:

</doc>
<doc id="31211178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211178" title="Sthithi">
Sthithi

Sthithi () is a 2002 Malayalam feature film written and directed by R. Sarath. The film tells the tale of a couple employed in the Secretariat. It stars Unni Menon, Nandini Goswal, Master Achuth, Master Anand and Mallika Sukumaran. It is playback singer Unni Menon's debut film as an actor. He also composed a couple of songs for the film. Bengali actress and Odissi dancer, Nandini Goswal plays the female lead.
Plot.
Vivek and Vani who are Secretariat employees. They live in a modest house on the outskirts of Thiruvananthapuram together with their two children. Their lives change when under threat of job losses, the trade unions call for strike action whilst at the same time their landlord asks them to leave.

</doc>
<doc id="31211181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211181" title="Eaismo">
Eaismo

Eaismo (atomic era-ism) was a 20th-century avant-garde movement born in Italy in 1948, founded by the painter, Voltolino Fontani, who was the main rappresentant of it, with the poet Marcello Landi and the literary critic Guido Favati. 
It was also the Italian writer Carlo Cassola, to talk about Eaismo by writing some articles for the magazine "Il Mondo".
The Manifesto of Eaismo, signed also by the painters Angelo Sirio Pellegrini and Aldo Neri, highlighted the pessimism and the optimism of the Atomic age, but was skeptical about the supposed revolutionary power of atomic energy.
The Manifesto of Eaismo, published in 1948, was followed by the Manifesto pittura nucleare by Enrico Baj (1951), and by the Mystical Manifesto, written by Salvador Dalì (1951).

</doc>
<doc id="31211208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211208" title="Siege of Lincoln">
Siege of Lincoln

During the First English Civil War Lincoln was besieged between 3 May and 6 May 1644 by Parliamentarian forces of the Eastern Association of counties under the command of the Earl of Manchester. On the first day, the Parliamentarians took the lower town. The Royalist defenders retreated into the stronger fortifications of the upper town, which encompassed and incorporated Lincoln Castle and Lincoln Cathedral. The siege ended four days later when the Parliamentarian soldiers stormed the castle, taking prison the Royalist governor, Sir Francis Fane, and what remained of his garrison.
Prelude.
Early in 1644, Parliamentarian forces besieged the Royalist stronghold of Newark-on-Trent. The commander of the besiegers, Francis, Lord Willoughby, also had command of the Parliamentarian forces in Lincolnshire and had ordered the all of the garrison of Lincoln to come to his aid.
King Charles dispatched his nephew Prince Rupert to relieve Newark, ordering him to collect all the troops he could in Shropshire, Cheshire, and Wales, march into Lancashire, reinforce his troops from James, Earl of Derby's Royalist tenantry, and then march into Yorkshire.
The command of the Parliamentarian forces investing Newark had passed to veteran Scottish soldier Sir John Meldrum, who chose to oppose Rupert rather than retreat. Rupert defeated him on the banks of the Trent on 22 March 1644 and relieved Newark. With the defeat of the Parliamentarians' Lincolnshire forces at Newark, the county lay open to Royalist occupation. Lincoln was occupied on 23 March, where the Royliasts found and requisitioned 2,000 muskets. The Parliamentarians abandoned Sleaford and on orders from Meldrum, Gainsborough was slighted so that it could not be garrisoned by the Royalists.
However, Rupert decided that he could not consolidate the gains he had made, and after garrisoning Lincoln and placing it under the command of Sir Francis Fane, he retreated into the West Midlands. By 23 March, he was back in Oxford to report to the king. A month earlier however, Parliamentarians under Lord Fairfax and Scottish Covenanters under the Earl of Leven had laid siege to York, which was defended by the Marquess of Newcastle. Early in the siege, Newcastle decided that his cavalry would be of little use within the besieged city. Commanded by Newcastle's Lieutenant General of Horse, George, Lord Goring, they broke out of the city, and escaped pursuit. They made their way to Newark, plundering as they marched.
The Parliamentarian Army of the Eastern Association under the Earl of Manchester counterattacked. In the last week of April Manchester was at Stamford. He ordered his cavalry under the command of Oliver Cromwell to advance. They cleared Lincolnshire of marauding parties of Cavaliers from Newark and drove them across the Trent, where they joined Goring at Mansfield. Manchester then marched to Lincoln, arriving on 3 May 1644.
Siege.
Manchester's army consisted of about 6,000 infantry and cavalry. The garrison of the town was about 2,000 strong. On 3 May the Parliamentarians managed to capture parts of the lower town and the Royalists retreated in their upper works which surrounded Lincoln Castle and Lincoln Cathedral.
On 4 May the Roundheads were unable to press their attack because it rained heavily making the mound under the castle very slippery.
Cromwell posted his horse so as to cover the siege from any interruption from Goring. He made his dispositions so well that, hearing on 5 May that Goring had crossed the Trent, Cromwell's troopers were assembled and drawn up in little over an hour from the news being received. Goring, finding the outposts on the alert, fell back again. A contemporary Royalist report states that that night the Parliamentarians attempted to storm Lincoln Close but were repulsed with about 60 killed.
Storming of the castle and the end of the siege.
The next night (6 May) the Castle was stormed with the aid of scaling ladders. The Roundheads took about a quarter of an hour to reach the walls of the castle. The scaling ladders proved to be too short, but despite the defenders throwing boulders down upon the attackers (doing more injury than their gunfire had caused) the Parliamentarians managed to scale the walls and enter the castle. The Royalists fled from the parapets, begging for quarter, which was granted. Parliamentarian casualties were eight killed and about 40 wounded. The Royalists suffered about 50 killed with 100 officers and between 650 and 800 soldiers taken prisoner. Among the officers captured were Sir Charles Dallison, the former Recorder of Lincoln, and Sir Francis Fane.
The Parliamentarians also captured eight cannons, and much other useful materiel.
Aftermath.
The victorious Parliamentarian troops pillaged the upper town. On receipt of Manchester's report the Committee of Both Kingdoms in London sent him their congratulations. Shortly after the capture of Lincoln, Manchester ordered a bridge of boats to be built over the Trent at Gainsborough, and Cromwell crossed with 3,000 horse, while two regiments of foot (infantry) held the bridge. Goring would appear to have had at least as many troopers as Cromwell, but the latter drove him up the Trent towards Newark, and headed him off at Mascomb Bridge, forcing him to swim the river in order to escape.
Cromwell then returned to Bawtry and Tuxford (both on the Great North Road), where David Leslie joined him with a strong party of Scottish horse and placed himself under his command. Goring crossed from Newark into Leicestershire, where he commenced plundering the country up and down. The allied generals, however, refused to allow their horse to follow him, being convinced by this time that Rupert intended to relieve York. They therefore kept their horse in hand in south Yorkshire and waited for Manchester to advance with his foot. Goring subsequently moved via Derbyshire to Bury in Lancashire, where he joined Prince Rupert.
Manchester himself remained in Lincoln until around 22 May when he sent a report on his preparations for his advance to link up with the besiegers of York. He joined them on 3 June. Manchester, Fairfax and the Scots ultimately won a major victory over Prince Rupert at the Battle of Marston Moor on 2 July.

</doc>
<doc id="31211209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211209" title="Breath gas analysis">
Breath gas analysis

Breath gas analysis is a method for gaining non-invasive information on the clinical state of an individual by monitoring volatile organic compounds present in the exhaled breath. Breath gas concentration can then be related to blood concentrations via mathematical modeling as for example in blood alcohol testing.
History.
The area of modern breath testing commenced in 1971, when Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling demonstrated that human breath is a complex gas, containing more than 200 different volatile organic compounds. However, physicians have used breath analysis since the days of Hippocrates.
Overview.
Endogenous volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are released within the human organism as a result of normal metabolic activity or due to pathological disorders. They enter the blood stream and are eventually metabolized or excreted via exhalation, skin emission, urine, etc.
Breath sampling is non-invasive and breath samples can be extracted as often as desired.
Identification and quantification of potential disease biomarkers can be seen as the driving force for the analysis of exhaled breath. Moreover, future applications for medical diagnosis and therapy control with dynamic assessments of normal physiological function or pharmacodynamics are intended.
Exogenous VOCs penetrating the body as a result of environmental exposure can be used to quantify body burden. Also breath tests are often based on the ingestion of isotopically labeled precursors, producing isotopically labeled carbon dioxide and potentially many other metabolites.
However, breath sampling is far from being a standardized procedure due to the numerous confounding factors biasing the concentrations of volatiles in breath. These factors are related to both the breath sampling protocols as well as the complex physiological mechanisms underlying pulmonary gas exchange. Even under resting conditions exhaled breath concentrations of VOCs can strongly be influenced by specific physiological parameters such as cardiac output and breathing patterns, depending on the physico-chemical properties of the compound under study.
Understanding the influence of all this factors and their control is necessary for achieving an accurate standardization of breath sample collection and for the correct deduction of the corresponding blood concentration levels.
The simplest model relating breath gas concentration to blood concentrations was developed by Farhi
where formula_2 denotes the alveolar concentration which is assumed to be equal to the measured concentration.
It expresses the fact that the concentration of an inert gas in the alveolar air depends on the mixed venous concentration formula_3, the substance-specific blood:air partition coefficient formula_4, and the ventilation-perfusion ratio formula_5.
But this model fails when two prototypical substances like acetone (partition coefficient formula_6) or isoprene (partition coefficient formula_7 ) are measured.
E.g., multiplying the proposed population mean of approximately formula_8 acetone in end-tidal breath by the partition coefficient formula_6 at body temperature grossly underestimates observed (arterial) blood levels spreading around formula_10. Furthermore, breath profiles of acetone (and other highly soluble volatile compounds such as 2-pentanone or methyl acetate) associated with moderate workload ergometer challenges of normal healthy volunteers drastically depart from the trend suggested by the equation above. 
Hence some more refined models are necessary. Such models have been developed recently.
Applications.
Breath gas analysis is used in a number of breath tests.
Analytical instruments.
Breath analysis can be done with various forms of mass spectrometry, but there are also simpler methods for specific purposes, such as the Halimeter and the breathalyzer.

</doc>
<doc id="31211227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211227" title="Hokuspokus">
Hokuspokus

Hokuspokus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31211249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211249" title="Suðvesturkjördæmi">
Suðvesturkjördæmi

The Suðvesturkjördæmi (i.e. "Southwest") is one of the six constituencies ("kjördæmi") of Iceland. Its major town is Kópavogur.
Geography.
The constituency is composed by the surrounding municipalities of the urban area of Reykjavík. It borders with the constituencies of Northwest, Reykjavík North, Reykjavík South and South. Its territory is scattered into 5 non contiguous pieces:
Administration.
Composition.
The constituency includes 7 municipalities, 1 county and 1 region. 6 municipalities are town independent from counties.
Towns.
The settlements with town status, listed per order of population, are 6:

</doc>
<doc id="31211258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211258" title="Hokuspokus (film)">
Hokuspokus (film)

Hokuspokus is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Lilian Harvey, Willy Fritsch and Oskar Homolka. It was an adaptation of the play "Hokuspokus" by Curt Goetz. A woman is put on trial for the murder of her husband only for him to turn up alive. An English-language version "The Temporary Widow" was made at the same time also directed by Ucicky and starring Laurence Olivier.

</doc>
<doc id="31211271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211271" title="Myslim Pashaj">
Myslim Pashaj

Myslim Pashaj (1945) is a retired colonel and retired head of cartograpic center of Albania. He was one of the main opposers against the Albanian-Greek See border pact, what he called a loss of Albanian teretory. He won the case in the Constitutional Court of Albania. He got blackmailed and some people claimed they would kill him for opposing the pact.
Pashaj was the general secretary of the Red and Black Alliance and declared irrevocable resignation on 13th May.

</doc>
<doc id="31211299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211299" title="Haegue Yang">
Haegue Yang

Haegue Yang () (born December 12, 1971) is a South Korean artist. She lives and works in Berlin and Seoul. Yang often uses standard household objects in her works, and tries to liberate them from their functional context, and apply other connotations and meaning to them. “Linguistic and didactic processes” are central features of her work. Much of Yang’s artworks attempt to provide sensory experiences through abstract narratives.
Biography.
Yang was born in South Korea in 1971. Her father, Hansoo Yang, is a journalist and her mother, Misoon Kim, is a writer. Yang received her Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree (B.F.A.) in 1994 from the Seoul National University in Korea. In 1999, she received her masters at the Meisterschüler in Städelschule Frankfurt am Main in Germany. Yang is based in Berlin and Seoul, so she often travels between the two cities. Her main studio is located in Kreuzberg, Germany. 
Career.
After receiving her B.F.A., Yang moved to Berlin and began her artistic career in the late nineties. She is known for her creative use of the Venetian blinds in her works. She uses mundane objects and materials to create “complex and nuanced installations that are informed by poetry, politics, and human emotions”. Among her numerous art pieces, she has worked with laundry racks, decorative lights, infrared heaters, scent emitters, and industrial fans. 
Yang is a contemporary artist exhibiting in various countries including the United States, France, Italy, England, Spain, China, and Japan. She dedicates most of her time creating new art pieces and working on exhibitions. She has also written and collaborated on many published works that correspond with the exhibitions she displayed. In 2013, Yang had seven solo shows on three different continents, three publications, and other group exhibitions in that year as well. Yang has participated in the 2006 Sao Paulo Biennial, the 55th Carnegie International in Pittsburgh, the 2008 Turin Triennale, represented South Korea in the 53rd Venice Biennale in 2009, and participated in dOCUMENTA (13) in Kassel, Germany in 2012. Yang’s first exhibition in the United States, titled Brave New Worlds, was at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 2007.
Exhibitions.
"Arrivals" (2011).
For this solo exhibition, Yang occupied three floors of the gallery in Kunsthaus Bregenz. On the first floor, she exhibited past works including "Fishing" (1995), a small lacquer painting, a video trilogy: "Unfolding Places" (2004), "Restrained Courage" (2004), and "Squandering Negative Spaces" (2006), "Gymnastics of the Foldables" (2006), and "Three Kinds in Transition" (2008). On the second floor, her Venetian blind installation, "Cittadella" (2011), occupied the entire space. On the third floor, Yang set up an exhibit titled "Warrior Believer Lover" (2011) which consisted of thirty-three light sculptures built on wheeled stands. 
"Approaching: Choreography Engineered in Never-Past Tense" (2012).
This exhibition was part of the dOCUMENTA (13) in Kassel, Germany. Documenta is an art exhibition held every five years in Kassel that displays modern and contemporary art. Yang’s exhibition revealed electrically-controlled Venetian blinds that were carefully choreographed to move in distinct patterns, and the mechanism looped after the sequence was finished.
Works.
Accommodating the Epic Dispersion – On Non-cathartic Volume of Dispersion (2012).
This art piece was displayed in the Haus der Kunst as part of "Der Öffentlichkeit – von den Freunden Haus der Kunst" exhibit. Yang used colorful Venetian blinds that hung from the ceiling in various angles. Depending on where the visitor stood, the blinds appeared opaque, semi-opaque, or transparent. The title of the artwork was chosen to represent the narratives of people of diaspora. For example, Yang read the biographies of figures such as the Korean-Japanese essayist, Suh Kyungsik, and Italian-Jewish chemist and author, Primo Levi, and was inspired to create the title of her work.
Sonic Figures (2013).
For this series of works, Yang was influenced by Oskar Schlemmer’s Triadic Ballet from 1922. The Sonic Figures are intricate sculptures made by using brass plated bells on steel stands. These works were part of an exhibition called "Journal of Echomimetic Motions" displayed in Bergen Kunsthall, Norway. These sculptures embody ideas of mobility and Yang “negates the static furnishings of the exhibition space with its fixed installations and carefully placed objects” by introducing mobile performative sculptures.
Collections.
Among the public collections holding work by Haegue Yang are the Bristol’s Museums, Galleries & Archives, Bristol; Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh; Explum, Murcia; Galerie für Zeitgenössische Kunst, Leipzig; Kunsthalle Hamburg, Germany; Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art, Seoul; Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Los Angeles; Museum of Modern Art, and Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York; Muzeum Sztuki, Lodz; National Museum of Contemporary Art, Korea; Sammlung Haubrok, Berlin; The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; Walker Art Center, Minneapolis; Westfälisches Landesmuseum, Münster; and the Zabludowicz Collection.
Awards.
2005 Cremer Prize, Stiftung Sammlung Cremer, Münster, Germany
2008 Baloise Prize, Kunsthalle, Hamburg, Germany

</doc>
<doc id="31211338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211338" title="Bashkim Dedja">
Bashkim Dedja

Bashkim Dedja is the current head of the Constitutional Court of Albania.
Background.
He is enacted by the President Bamir Topi to head the Constitutional Court, and has been voted by the Parliament as a member of this court since 2009.
In voting conducted by the Assembly of Albania, the Union Dedja received 70 votes in favor, one vote against and one abstention. He was voted by the Assembly with Altina Xhoxhajn at a time that the lawmaker refused Kostës Vangjel candidacy for member of the Constitutional Court.
Dedja Union has begun the task of the judge in the Court of First Instance in Tirana and for more than ten years, then worked as a judge of Appeals in Durrës.

</doc>
<doc id="31211350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211350" title="Don't Take It to Heart">
Don't Take It to Heart

"Don't Take It to Heart" is a 1944 British comedy film directed by Jeffrey Dell and starring Richard Greene, Alfred Drayton, Moore Marriott and Patricia Medina. Its plot involves an ancient ghost that is awakened by the Second World War and helps a young lawyer to win his case.

</doc>
<doc id="31211370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211370" title="Clifton Wintringham">
Clifton Wintringham

Clifton Wintringham was the name of two doctors who lived in York.
Clifton Wintringham senior (1689-1747/8) was a medical practitioner who was appointed Physician at York County Hospital in March 1745/6 and educated at Jesus College, Cambridge. He practised in York for over 35 years, and
Judges Lodgings, York was built as his private residence. He authored several books and attended the Earl of Carlisle at nearby Castle Howard. He was married twice: by his first wife Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Nettleton of Earls Heath, Yorkshire, he had a son, Clifton Wintringham junior (1720–1794) who himself was knighted and had a distinguished medical career, becoming joint military physician to the forces in 1756 

</doc>
<doc id="31211377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211377" title="Defunct schools in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley">
Defunct schools in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley

This article details a number of defunct schools that were once located in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley. For details of currently operating schools in the area, please see: "List of schools in Dudley".
Dudley Boys Grammar School.
Dudley Boys Grammar School was a highly regarded [http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/316053] selective higher education school for boys aged from 11 to 18 years. Originally founded in 1562, it was located in Dudley, Worcestershire, and opened in July 1898 on its final site in "St James's Road". 12 years later Dudley Girls High School opened in nearby buildings in "Priory Road". The pupils of the two single-sex schools regularly held drama productions together, and a number of teachers taught at both establishments and the pupils of the two schools mixed on occasions for sixth form Physics lessons. In 1966, plans were unveiled for the grammar and high schools to merge and form a mixed comprehensive school, but these took almost a decade to become reality. In September 1972, the age range had changed from 11-18 to 12-18 as part of a reorganisation by Dudley council which saw the entry age for secondary school increased in the towns of Dudley, Sedgley, Coseley and Brierley Hill. Dudley Grammar School closed in July 1975 after 413 years, when it merged with the Girls High School to form The Dudley School with effect from September 1975. The merger also included the smaller, less well known Park Secondary School which was located near the town's Grange Park, the buildings of which were briefly used as an annex to the new school until 1977. After more than a century the buildings of Dudley Grammar School are still in existence; they now house Castle High School, which was formed in September 1989 on the merger of The Dudley School and The Blue Coat School. The grammar school buildings were expanded between 1990 and 1995 as the old High School building was gradually emptied and eventually demolished at the start of 1996. However, the grammar school swimming pool was closed and demolished in 1990 to make way for part of the expansion. The pool had opened in 1951 as a memorial to the former grammar school pupils who had died in the First World War and Second World War. Few schools in Dudley LEA have had a sixth form since July 1990, when the sixth form facilities at Castle High in Dudley town and High Arcal and Ellowes Hall in neighbouring Sedgley were axed. The sixth form facilities at Summerhill and Crestwood Schools in Kingswinford were closed a year later. There have also been no grammar schools since July 1975. However the much-praised King Edward VI College, Stourbridge produces excellent results worthy of a grammar school (as do most sixth form colleges) to allow pupils to reach their full potential at 18. Former pupils of the school were known as Old Dudleians. The Old Dudleians ran a website for a number of years, organised by Michael Taylor, then in 2005 'The Dudleians' was established as an entity for former students of Dudley Grammar School and Dudley Girls High School with the organisation of the first official joint reunion for 30 years. Alumni from Dudley Grammar School include Tony Willis (then Deputy Head of Castle High School), Clive Archer (an academic dermatologist based in Bristol and London), Ian Serraillier (children's author who was an English teacher at the school 1939-1946), Ian Shovlin (a local solicitor), Michael Wright (a local businessman), Martin Dunn (newspaper editor), Jonathan Westwood (a local businessman), Michael Taylor, Roger Cashmore, David Tristram and Hugh Walters.
The Dudley School.
The Dudley School was a mixed comprehensive school in Dudley, West Midlands, England. It was founded in 1975 on the merger on the town's two single-sex grammar schools, Dudley Grammar School and Dudley Girls High School, was located on the two sites near Dudley town centre. The formation of the school also involved a merger with a smaller school; Park Secondary School. The Dudley School catered for pupils aged from 12 to 18 years. In 1985, just ten years after the Dudley School's formation, Dudley council unveiled plans for it to merge with at least one smaller secondary school to create The Ednam School. One plan put forward at this time was for the Priory Road buildings (formerly the Girls High School) to be developed as a school for children aged up to 16 years, with the former Boys Grammar School buildings being converted into a sixth form college. In October 1988, it was decided that the Dudley School would merge with The Blue Coat School on Kates Hill with effect from September 1989. The school's pupils voted for the new school to be called Castle High. The plan was for Castle High to exist solely at the Dudley School site, but for the first year it also incorporated the Blue Coat buildings for that school's oldest two year groups as sufficient space was not available at the Dudley School site until new buildings were completed and the sixth form was closed due to falling pupil numbers and a decision by the local authority to relocate most of the borough's sixth form facilities from schools to further education colleges. The last year of sixth form students began their studies at the school in September 1988 and remained there until the sixth form closed in July 1990; there were no admissions to the sixth form at the new school in September 1989. The school's final head teacher was Mr Joseph Kenneth "Ken" West, who was head for the final four years until the merger following the retirement of Mr Alfred "Fred" Austin (born Fredi Stiller as a Jew in Czechoslovakia in 1928; and who became Fred Austin upon his adoption by a British family at the outbreak of World War II) in 1939. Mr Austin had been head since the formation of the Dudley School in 1975 and Mr West was a teacher of Mathematics at the school. Ian Austin, who became Labour Party Member of Parliament for Dudley North in May 2005, was a pupil at the school from 1977 until 1983. He is the adoptive son of the school's former head teacher.
Flax Hall Primary School.
Flax Hall Primary School was a primary school located in Sedgley, West Midlands, England. It was built in the 1950s in Eve Lane - on the border with Dudley - to serve a newly completed council housing estate which was developed on adjoining farmland. Pupils attending were aged 5 to 11 years, but from September 1972 the school also provided education for 12 year olds. Falling numbers on the school roll during the 1980s saw the local authority decide that it was no longer viable, and the school closed in July 1989, merging with Sycamore Green Primary School. However, the Flax Hall buildings were retained as an annexe to Sycamore Green until December 1991, when an extension to the main Sycamore Green site meant that all pupils were taught there and Flax Hall was converted into a community centre.
Greenhill Middle School.
Greenhill Middle School was a 9-13 middle school situated in Halesowen, West Midlands (formerly Worcestershire), England. It opened in September 1972 within the buildings of the former Hill & Cakemore Secondary Modern boys and girls schools situated on Long Lane. Its opening coincided with the reorganisation of schools in Halesowen which saw 5-7 infant, 7-11 junior and 11-16/18 secondary schools replaced by 5-9 first, 9-13 middle and 13-18 secondary schools. The old Hill & Cakemore Secondary Modern School was relocated to a site in Kent Road which became known as Leasowes High School, serving pupils aged 13–18. However, three-tier education in Halesowen was a short lived experiment which lasted only 10 years. It was abolished in July 1982, and for the academic year beginning September 1982 the traditional age ranges were restored. This resulted in Greenhill Middle School being closed, with the lowest year group in the school being transferred to Olive Hill Primary School for a year, while the older three year groups remained at the Greenhill site which was annexed into Leasowes High School. The Greenhill site remained in use until 1987, when extensions were completed at the main Leasowes site to accommodate the younger pupils. The Greenhill buildings fell into disuse and were demolished.
High Park School.
High Park School was a secondary school located in Stourbridge, West Midlands, England. It was built around 1960 as a secondary modern school to serve the Wollaston area of the town, adopting comprehensive status in September 1975. By the 1980s, pupil numbers at the school were falling and Dudley MBC decided to merge High Park with nearby Longlands School. The merger was completed in September 1990, when Ridgewood High School opened within the High Park buildings. The Longlands School buildings were taken over by Stourbridge College. At the time of Ridgewood's formation, new buildings were added to the High Park site to accommodate the pupils from the old Longlands School.
Homer Hill Middle School.
Homer Hill Middle School was a 9-13 middle school situated in the Cradley area of Halesowen, West Midlands (formerly Worcestershire), England. It opened in September 1972 when Halesowen Urban District Council abolished the traditional 5-7 infant, 7-11 junior and 11-16/18 secondary schools in favour of 5-9 first, 9-13 middle and 13-16/18 secondary schools. It was situated within the buildings of Cradley Secondary Modern School, which had opened in 1939. In 1974, Halesowen and neighbouring Stourbridge (which had stuck with the traditional school age ranges) were merged into the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley, which had adopted 5-8 first, 8-12 middle and 12-16/18 secondary schools in 1972. The first and middle schools in Halesowen were abolished in July 1982, with the traditional age ranges being reinstated with effect from the school year beginning September 1982. The reorganisation of schools in Halesowen saw Homer Hill Middle School close down and re-open as Cradley High School, which was based within its buildings. However, the buildings were unsuitable in the long term as a modern secondary school, and by 1990 they had all been demolished as the new Cradley High buildings were developed in pieces. Cradley High was a short-lived school, closing in July 2008 due to falling pupil numbers. The school buildings were knocked down in 2010.
Longlands School.
Longlands School was a secondary school located in Stourbridge, West Midlands, England. It was built during the 1930s to serve the expanding Stourbridge area as a secondary modern school. The school later gained comprehensive status, but by the 1980s, pupil numbers were falling. Dudley MBC decided to merge Longlands with nearby High Park School, and the merger was completed in September 1990 when Ridgewood High School opened within the High Park buildings. The old Longlands School buildings were then taken over by Stourbridge College, who are still using the site as a campus after nearly 20 years, although it is set to close during the 2010s if plans to merge Stourbridge College with Dudley College go ahead.
Mons Hill School.
Mons Hill School was a secondary school located on the Wren's Nest Estate in Dudley, England. It was opened in April 1965 to replace Wolverhampton Street School (which had been open since 1880), and gave education to pupils aged 11 to 16 years (with the starting age rising to 12 after 1972). Construction had started during 1963 with the intention of having the school open for the beginning of the academic year in September 1964, but it missed the target completion date by seven months. On the introduction of comprehensive education across the Dudley borough in September 1975, it was renamed Mons Hill School. By the 1980s, Mons Hill was widely regarded as the worst secondary school in the borough, and pupil numbers were falling and O-Level (GCSE from 1988) results were dismal. By early 1989, by which time just over 200 pupils in the four year groups were on the school roll, Dudley council had decided that the school was no longer viable and would close in July 1991. However, the announcement of the school's closure sparked the transfer of many pupils from the school, as well as a smaller than expected number of 12-year-olds transferring to the school from primary schools in September 1989, enabling the closure date to be brought forward a year to July 1990, when the remaining pupils and staff were split between Castle High School and the Coseley School. When the school's closure was confirmed in February 1990, the future of the buildings (still only 25 years old) was uncertain. The Coseley School expressed interest in using it as a temporary annex until adequate classroom space could be created at their Ivyhouse Lane site, and there was also a suggestion that some of the site could be incorporated into Wren's Nest Nature Reserve. However, in September 1990, it became a campus of Dudley College and a multi-million pound extension with high quality facilities for skilled trades such as construction, hairdressing and motor engineering, was completed in 1993. This replaced a previous annexe of Dudley College on nearby Sedgley Road West. However, some of the facilities were transferred to new buildings in Dudley town centre in September 2012. It is unclear whether the remaining facilities at Mons Hill will be relocated any time soon. Sam Allardyce, former manager of Bolton Wanderers Football Club, attended the school from 1966 to 1970.
St. Edmund's Primary School.
St. Edmund's Primary School was a primary school for pupils aged from 5 to 11 years. It was located in Dudley, West Midlands, England, and was opened during the 19th century. The school merged with St John's Primary School during the 1970s to become St Edmund's and St John's Primary School; it relocated to a site on Kates Hill. The old buildings of St Edmund's have been retained and are currently used as Dudley Central Mosque, although there have been ongoing plans for it to be relocated to a new site in nearby Dixon's Green.
St John's Primary School.
St John's Primary School was a Church of England primary school situated in Dudley, West Midlands, England. It served the Kates Hill area of the town and was built in 1840 along with the neighbouring parish church on St John's Road. The area of Kates Hill was expanding as a residential area at this time, mostly housing workers who were moving into the Black Country during the Industrial Revolution. The school remained open for 130 years, finally closing in 1970 on its merger with St Edmund's Primary School (on Birmingham Street in the town centre) to form St Edmund's and St John's Church of England Primary School). The new school was located at a building on Hillcrest Road. The old St John's School, now 170 years old, is still in existence and for most of the time since the school's closure the buildings have been in commercial use. The current occupants of the building are a recruitment agency.
Saltwells Secondary School.
Saltwells Secondary School was a secondary school located in Netherton, West Midlands, England. It was b 1962+ to replace Halesowen Road School - known locally as The Iron School due to its corrugated iron construction. The school closed in July 1986 due to falling numbers on the school roll, and most of the remaining pupils and staff were transferred to The Hillcrest School, now the only secondary school in Netherton. The school's status changed from secondary modern to comprehensive in September 1975 as part of a borough wide change to secondary education. The age range changed from 11-15/16 to 12-16 in September 1972, also to fit in with a reorganisation of local education (which was not reverted until 1990). The school buildings remain in use to this day as the site of Saltwells Education Development Centre - the educational development centre which serves the entire Dudley borough.
Sir Gilbert Claughton School.
Sir Gilbert Claughton School was a secondary school located on "Blowers Green Road" in Dudley, England, in the Queen's Cross area of the town. It opened in 1904 and closed in 1990. It opened in 1904 as the "Dudley Upper Standard School", but after three years it became the "Higher Elementary School". Another name change came in 1929, when it became the "Dudley Intermediate School". In December 1957, it adopted the Gilbert Claughton title as the Sir Gilbert Claughton Grammar Technical School. A new classroom block was added in the late 1950s, mostly for the teaching of Science and other practical subjects. The age range was altered from 11-18 to 12-18 in September 1972 and its status changed to comprehensive in September 1975. However, by the mid-1980s numbers were starting to fall and the sixth form centre had been axed, sparking fears that it would close. In 1985, there was talk of The Dudley School being merged with another local secondary school to form The Ednam School, and Sir Gilbert Claughton was one of the schools mentioned in the proposals for this new school. In 1988, there was talk of the school merging with The Blue Coat School on Kates Hill. However, in October 1988 Dudley council decided to merge the Dudley School with Blue Coat to form Castle High (at the main Dudley School site), which opened in September 1989, although Blue Coat would remain open for a year as an annex for the older pupils. In June 1989, just weeks before the end of the academic year, it was announced that all second year (12-13 year old) and third year (13-14 year old) pupils would be transferred from Sir Gilbert Claughton to Castle High or Holly Hall Schools with effect from September - along with the pupils starting secondary school at that time who had originally selected Sir Gilbert Claughton as their destination. However, the oldest remaining year group at the school would remain there until completing their secondary education in July 1990, when the school finally closed after 86 years. It was then turned into offices by Dudley Metropolitan Borough Council, who designated it as the Claughton Centre.
Walton Girls School.
Walton Girls School was a girls secondary modern school situated in Halesowen, West Midlands, England. It was built during the 1930s to serve the central area of Halesowen. It remained open for some 50 years, and during the final years of its existence was the only all-girls secondary school in the Dudley borough (which Halesowen became part of in 1974). It was originally a school for girls aged 11 upwards, but was reorganised to a 13-18 comprehensive in September 1972, when three-tier education was introduced in Halesowen. It was reorganised into an 11-16 comprehensive in September 1982, when it gained two younger year groups but lost its sixth form as all of the town's sixth form facilities were relocated to an expanded Halesowen College. Walton finally closed its doors in July 1985 when it merged with nearby Richmond Boys School to form Windsor High School. The new school was located entirely at the Richmond site from its opening in September 1985, and the Walton buildings were taken over by Halesowen College.

</doc>
<doc id="31211380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211380" title="Sulattofestival">
Sulattofestival

Sulattofestival is organized in Karkkila. It is organized by Karkkila's Music and Art association (Kamut ry). The festival was held for the first time in 2008. In the Summer the festival is four days long, but Sulattofestival also creates events throughout the year.
Kamut ry was founded in 2007. The association organizes art and music events, takes a stand on different matters and discusses. The goal is to improve the cultural opportunities in Karkkila and the areas near. Raimo "Ramppe" Pitkänen is the chairman of Kamut ry and the organizer of Sulattofestival.
Sulatto 2008.
Produced by Karkkila's Music and Art association (Raimo Pitkänen, producer): Finland's premiere of Astor Piazzola's and Horacio Ferrer's opera Maria de Buenos Aires in Finnish.
Maria was performed by opera singer Eeva-Kaarina Vilke.
Finnish composer Heikki Valpola's world premiere of Rautakantaatti for four singers, percussions and piano quintet.
Tuomari Nurmio
Classic movies chosen by academic Aki Kaurismäki for example Jean Vigo: L'Atalante
Sulatto 2009.
Blues evening: Tomi Leino blues band
featuring harpist West Weston (UK) and singer Jimmy Lawson (USA).
M.A. Numminen's tango -and swing orchestra
Sulattoclub: Kari Peitsamo
Children's Sulatto: Gommi and Pommi and a family movie: Liisa Helminen's Pelikaanimies
Sulatto's ending club: Pepe Ahlqvist
Autumn Sulatto 2009.
Mikkeli's cityorchestra strings and Kauko Röyhkä, conductor Vellu Halkosalmi
Sulatto 2010.
Main performance: Louisiana Red and Little Victor’s Juke Point (USA). 
Helsinki – Berlin – Paris -concert
Hoodoo Revue: Jo' Buddy & Down Home King III, Tomi Leino Blues Band, Juho Hurskainen & Jays Frantics
Academic Aki Kaurismäki's movie: I hired a contract killer
Winter Sulatto 2011.
Saturday's main performance: Boo Boo Davis (John Gerritse, drums and Jan Mittendorp, guitar) (USA)
Friday: Tim Lothar (guitar and vocals) and Peter Nande (harmonica and vocals) (DEN)

</doc>
<doc id="31211390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211390" title="Vandalia Railroad (1905–17)">
Vandalia Railroad (1905–17)

The ‘’’Vandalia Railroad’’’ was formed in 1905 by a merger of several lines in Indiana and Illinois including the Terre Haute & Indianapolis Rail Road and the St. Louis, Vandalia & Terre Haute Railroad which covered a route from Indianapolis, Indiana to St. Louis, Missouri. Another route between Terre Haute, Indiana and Toledo, was created with the inclusion of the Terre Haute & Logansport and Logansport & Toledo branches.
In 1917 the line was acquired by the Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad giving the Pennsylvania Railroad a direct route from New York City to St. Louis. In 1967 PRR merged with NYC to become Penn Central and in 1976 becoming part of Conrail. Much of the North-South line was abandoned with the Conrail formation but parts of the East-West line survive as part of CSX Transportation.
Route.
The East-West line ran from Indianapolis to St. Louis with a major branch connecting Decatur, Illinois and Peoria, Illinois. The line was double-tracked for much of its length serving the coal region of southern Illinois and as a passenger route for the Pennsylvania Railroad’s Blue Ribbon named trains "The St Louisan", the "Jeffersonian", and the "Spirit of St. Louis".
The North-South route from Logansport, IN, to South Bend, IN. Logansport was a PRR hub, with six branch lines radiating in many directions. Logansport also featured a yard and engine terminal. From Logansport, the line proceeded northward intersecting every major east-west trunk line including the PRR's main east-west route and PRR's "panhandle" route. Upon reaching South Bend, the line proceeded northward through an industrial corridor toward the Studebaker plant to a depot just short of South Bend Union Station. Because the New York Central (NYC) trackage was elevated, interchange with NYC and tenant Grand Trunk Western (GTW) was indirect via a west-routed branch that reached the Studebaker plant railroad, New Jersey, Indiana, and Illinois (NJI&I) subsidiary of the Wabash Railroad, GTW, and NYC's Kankakee Belt Railroad subsidiary. PRR maintained few facilities other than the depot in town as there were no other connecting PRR lines in South Bend.
Equipment.
The Vandalia Railroad was a PRR subsidiary for most of the twentieth century. PRR was known for equipment standardization and as such, all properties and subsidiaries operated with standardized PRR equipment. No known photographs of Vandalia-lettered equipment exist.
Traffic.
Freight traffic was the primary use of the Vandalia Railroad. Studebaker loaded trucks for shipment south. Passenger trains were operated, including football specials for the University of Notre Dame. The university is located a few miles north of the station.
Abandonment.
Despite the shutdown of most Studebaker operations in South Bend, abandonment was delayed until the Conrail consolidation. At that time, Conrail had three routes to/through South Bend and the Vandalia Railroad was deemed redundant. It has been abandoned piecemeal from the city border northward, with online industries served from trains based on the former NYC territory.
Remnants.
The depot in South Bend still stands as a business. The tracks to the South still stand to Ewing Street, but are not in use. The tracks west to the Kankakee Belt connection still stand and are rarely used.

</doc>
<doc id="31211395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211395" title="Circoxena ditrocha">
Circoxena ditrocha

Circoxena ditrocha is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family, although some sources place it in the Blastodacnidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is relatively widespread from Auckland to Invercargill.
The wingspan is about 12.5 mm. The forewings are narrow with an acute apex. They are brownish-ochreous with golden reflections. The entire wing is broadly streaked dark brownish-black, with two large clear white fine ring shaped markings. The hindwings are greyish-ochreous with cilia of the same colour. The adult has been found in December and
March, and collected from the edges of forest or scrub.
The host plant is unknown, but the larva might be a seed borer.

</doc>
<doc id="31211399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211399" title="Timbetova Zemlja">
Timbetova Zemlja

"Timbetova zemlja" is debut solo album by Timbe released in 2004

</doc>
<doc id="31211402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211402" title="Bent Løfqvist">
Bent Løfqvist

Bent Løfqvist-Hansen (born 26 February 1936) is a Danish former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a striker.
Career.
Club.
Løfqvist played club football in Denmark for B 1913 and OB, and in France for FC Metz. He was top scorer of the 1962 European Cup, scoring a total of seven goals in the competition.
International.
He also earned one cap for the Danish national side in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31211410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211410" title="The Last Warrior">
The Last Warrior

The Last Warrior may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31211416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211416" title="Control System Integrators Association">
Control System Integrators Association

The Control System Integrators Association, or CSIA, is a global, not-for-profit, professional association for control systems integrator companies . Founded in 1994, its mission is “to bring successful system integration to the marketplace by creating recognition and demand for CSIA certified members; improving system integration best practices and performance; and providing an industry forum and networking opportunities”. Its activities include certification, organizing events, providing industry-specific business insurance, and establishing best practices, which are published in a manual and other guides.
CSIA is the largest organization in North America for independent control system integrators, and represents member firms that provide more than $1 billion annually in industrial automation systems . They have 360 members as of 2/3/2011, which are listed in their online directory of integrators.
Events.
The CSIA organizes an annual conference, the CSIA Executive Conference, which is usually held in late April or early May. They also put on webinars, have sales training programs, as well as workshops on a variety of industry related subjects. The 2013 conference will be held from May 1-4, in St.Petersburg, Florida.
CSIA manual.
A collection of industry best practices are published in the CSIA Best Practices & Benchmarks manual. The current edition is "Version 4.0", published in May 2012. Their best practices cover the following eight areas:
Certification.
The CSIA began certifying companies in 2000. To be certified, a company must pass an audit based on 76 of the most critical criteria in the Best Practices manual. To be eligible for certification a company must also be an Associate Member, for which the requirements include achieving annual integration services revenues of $600,000 during the three-year period prior to application for CSIA membership, and attending two CSIA Annual Executive Conferences in a three-year period. Companies also must re-certify every three years. As of early 2013, CSIA had over 400 certified members.
CSIA vendor members such as GE Intelligent Platforms, National Instruments, Rockwell Automation, Schneider Electric, and Siemens, have incorporated CSIA certification into the requirements for their respective system-integrator partnership programs.
Insurance.
CSIA's Insurance Programs were created to respond to CSIA members’ need for appropriate and cost-effective coverage that reflects the exposures associated with control system integration, a complex area which is difficult to insure without a proper understanding of the operations of a control system integrator. Before the insurance program, many CSIA members noted that they believed their insurance arrangements were inappropriate, leading them to be misclassified and resulting in potentially dangerous gaps in coverage. This is the only insurance program available for control system integrators, and has been expanded to include international coverage and surety bonding. 
First Niagara Risk Management is the CSIA’s sole insurance agent.
Awards.
Four awards are granted by the CSIA annually at their executive conference. These are the Charlie Bergmann Award, the Partner Award, the Rising Star Awar, and the Individual Partner Award.

</doc>
<doc id="31211434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211434" title="Jo Niemeyer">
Jo Niemeyer

Jo Niemeyer (born in 1946 in Alf, Germany) is a concrete artist and designer. Niemeyer's work is based on the observation of the nature through the use of mathematics and, especially, the "Golden Section". He experimented with various media such as photography and film video. Today, he principally uses painting to compose his graphic works. Niemeyer also realized sculptural objects and big scale project such as the land art "20 steps around the world".
Biography.
Jo Niemeyer was born in 1946 in the German village Alf. He comes from a long tradition of an artist family. His mother was a textile designer and worked in Saabrücken at the former State School for Art and Crafts, where she was in charge of a handloom weaving factory. His father start to paint relatively early in his life, in abstract and concrete art. Unfortunately, his paintings were considered to be degenerate and most of his works were destroyed or lost during WWII.
After three years of studying Photography and Graphic Art, Niemeyer executed his first geometrical painting in 1966. He travelled in several countries such as the United States, Canada and Scandinavia where he was particularly seduced by the nature. In 1967, he pursued his training in industrial design at the Finnish Institute for Art "Atheneum". He decided in 1970 to quit his job as professional photographer to became a full time independent artist.
In Finland, he met colleague artists Lars-Gunnar Nordstrom and Matti Kujasalo- the former director of the Finnish Academy of Art in Helsinki. In the 80s, Kujasalo asked Niemeyer to lecture about the different print technics in the graphic art département. During this time, Niemeyer built up his knowledges about Finnish architecture. It is also in Helsinki in the late 60s that Niemeyer met his wife Tuula Partanen. She founded in 1972 the edition Partanen which specialised in silkscreen print and publication of graphic and art portfolios, the studio was established in South Germany with a showroom in Zurich (Switzerland). The Edition Partanen collaborated with artists such as Rupprecht Geiger, Matti Kujasalo, Ilya Bolotowsky and Niemeyer himself. 
Niemeyer began to elaborate his big scale project "20 steps around the world" which will be installed in 1997 in the City of Ropinsalmi in Finland. In this project, he expained for instance the earth replaces the canvas. According to him, our blue planet is the carrier of his artistic work being integrated into the creative process only by minimal changes. In the context of this work an arbitrarily defined route around the earth is divided systematically and exactly into 20 segments which develop to a dynamic, logarithmic progression according to the 'Golden Section'. The 20 steps are being visualized by using an installation of 20 stainless-steel elements around the globe, precisely located on continents and countries. The location of the points is achieved by using the computer and satellite navigation.
Over the years, Niemeyer has held successful one-man and group shows in Scandinavia, Italy, Switzerland, Israel, USA, England, Japan, Argentina, and Finland. His murals in public buildings can be found in countries all around the world including Switzerland, Germany and Scandinavia. Featured in numerous international publications and films, his works can be found in public and private collections and museums throughout the world including in Japan, Germany, Canada, Holland, Finland, Germany and Austria. Today, Jo Niemeyer works and lives in Germany, France and Finland.
Work.
From photography to painting
Niemeyer's interest in photography came from a fortunate encounter with the photograph Otto Steinert who was the former director of the Saarbrücken School where Niemeyer's mother used to work. The young Niemeyer was amazed by the development process of the photographic picture and chose to be trained as a photographer. Thanks to photography, Niemeyer realized that that are many ways to see things and this medium is his first creative expression. He experimented various technics of this medium and specialized in architectural photography.
Niemeyer was interested in changeability of structure in photography, and the step forwards the free creation of such structure was a logical and natural one. Painting allows him to do so: creating a free composition of a picture.
From science (the study of the Nature) to concrete art
The essential element in Niemeyer's work is Nature. Since his childhood days, he has loved skiing passionately and spend a considerable amount of time in the mountains. The images of snow, clouds and light-situations gave him the envy to study structure, space, movement and time.
In his work, Niemeyer makes a connection between art and nature, between the artistic action and the experimental work. His artistic production which is fundamentally based on natural principals and measures is nothing more than a sequence of experimental steps which implies given and objective criteria and subjective factors in the same way. 
On the one hand his work is based on events in nature and civilization as well as on communication with his colleagues of other disciplines. According to Niemeyer, the dual pole nature - art is not only the basis of his experience but at the time also his central theme. His main interest is directed to the perception of space, time, distances and proportion and forms the synthesis between art and nature which implies in the end a dialogue between man and nature. He mainly understands land-art as a kind of laboratory, a ground for experiments for aesthetic-artistic, political and ecological syntheses.

</doc>
<doc id="31211466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211466" title="Live from Lawrence">
Live from Lawrence

Live from Lawrence was the fourth album in the "Fresh Sounds From Middle America" series of compilation albums, and like the previous album in the series it was a collaborative effort by Fresh Sounds Records and the KJHK radio station.
General info.
KJHK held a competition called "Quest for Vinyl" for bands that wanted to appear on the compilation. The "Fresh Sounds" series was originally devised by Bill Rich, of Talk Talk magazine, as a way to promote regional bands nationally. However, in an interview with the Lawrence Journal-World, execs from several independent record companies cast doubt that such an appearance would be a springboard to greater success for the bands.
The organisers of this volume in the series were Bill Rich (Fresh Sounds), Brad Schwartz (KJHK station manager), Sam Elliot (KJHJ faculty advisor) and Michael Bassin (KJHK entertainment coordinator).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="31211493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211493" title="Hen Hop">
Hen Hop

Hen Hop is a 1942 drawn-on-film animation short by Norman McLaren, in which a hen gradually breaks apart into an abstract movement of lines as it dances to a barn dance. One of a number of drawn-on-film animated works created by McLaren, "Hen Hop" was animated by inking and scraping film stock, with colour added optically afterwards.
To make "Hen Hop", McLaren spent days in a chicken coop to capture what he called "the spirit of henliness." The film was produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
Reception.
Pablo Picasso was reported to have exclaimed “at last something new” upon viewing this film. Dutch animator Gerrit van Dijk, reproduces part of the film as well quotes from McLaren about making "Hen Hop" his 1997 work, "I Move, So I Am".

</doc>
<doc id="31211502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211502" title="Premio Iberoamericano Planeta-Casa de América de Narrativa">
Premio Iberoamericano Planeta-Casa de América de Narrativa

Premio Iberoamericano Planeta-Casa de América de Narrativa is a Latin American Spanish language literary award. The winner receives USD $200,000 making it one of the richest literary prizes in the world. Beyond the large endowment, the award is also notable for the large number of books which are judged; in 2010 over 600 books entered the award, far surpassing the approximately 120 books which entered the Man Booker Prize, for example.
The first award was in 2007. It is given annually, generally in March, in a Latin American capital that is designated each year. The Prize is for an unpublished text written in Spanish, and has an endowment of $200,000 for the winner and $50,000 for the runner-up. The goal of the award is to promote Spanish-language fiction in all Latin American countries. The prize is sponsored by Grupo Planeta, one of the largest publishers in the world. The jury is composed of five members: one representative of each of the two convening entities (Editorial Planeta and Casa de América) and three personalities in the world of Latin American literature. 
The 2010 Prize, that was to be given in Valparaíso, Chile, was suspended because of the 2010 Chile earthquake. In 2011 there was no runner-up prize.
Winners and runner(s)-up.
2007 Bogotá, Colombia
2008 Buenos Aires, Argentina
2009 Mexico City, Mexico
2010 Valparaíso, Chile
2011 Santiago, Chile
2012 Madrid, Spain
2013 No award.

</doc>
<doc id="31211508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211508" title="Admetula italica">
Admetula italica

Admetula italica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
Description.
The white, turriculate shell grows to a length of 11.5 mm. The paucispiral protoconch has 1¾ whorls. The teleoconch consists of 3¼ rounded whorls with spiral ridges, axially crossed by 16 to 17 distinct ribs. The ribs become confused at the bottom of the body whorl. On the top of each whorl these ribs disappear into the flat sutural zone between the whorls. The aperture is ovoid with the outer lip lacking striae. The columella is strongly inclined abaxially showing two folds, with the rim of the siphonal canal forming the third fold. There is no umbilicus.
Distribution.
Fossil shells from the Pliocene have been found in Italy and Southern Spain. Recent specimens have been found in deep water in the Atlantic Ocean along Mauritania and the Western Sahara. The few recent shells found may actually be fossils dredged up recently.

</doc>
<doc id="31211517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211517" title="Petar Novák">
Petar Novák

Petar Novák is a Czech former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Career.
While playing for Sparta Prague, Novák was top scorer of the 1988 European Cup, scoring a total of four goals in the competition.
After retiring as a player, Novák qualified as a doctor, and has worked as the team physician for former club Sparta Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="31211527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211527" title="The Last Warrior (1970 film)">
The Last Warrior (1970 film)

The Last Warrior (aka "Flap") is a 1970 American comedy western film directed by Carol Reed and starring Anthony Quinn, Claude Akins and Shelley Winters. Set in a modern Native American reservation, it is based on the novel "Nobody Loves a Drunken Indian" by Clair Huffaker.

</doc>
<doc id="31211539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211539" title="TusPark (Shanghai)">
TusPark (Shanghai)

The Tuspark Shanghai (Chinese: 清华科技园（上海）) or Shanghai Multimedia Valley (SMV), Tsinghua University Science Park is a Chinese high-tech company which builds business parks. It is located in Zhabei District of Shanghai, among Gonghe New Road, Pengyuepu River, Guangzhong West Road and Lingshi Road. The SMV was established in the August 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31211544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211544" title="Algerian War French order of battle">
Algerian War French order of battle

The following units of the French army fought in the Algerian War of Independence in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31211547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211547" title="Seymour Bowman">
Seymour Bowman

Seymour Bowman (c 1621 – 6 May 1704) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Bowman was the son of Stephen Bowman of Harnham, Wiltshire. He matriculated at St Mary Hall, Oxford on 19 May 1637 aged 16. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1647. 
In 1660, Bowman was elected Member of Parliament for Old Sarum in the Convention Parliament when he was seated after a double return.

</doc>
<doc id="31211564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211564" title="Trolleybuses in Newcastle upon Tyne">
Trolleybuses in Newcastle upon Tyne

The Newcastle upon Tyne trolleybus system once served the city of Newcastle upon Tyne, then in Northumberland (and now in Tyne and Wear), England. Started on ,
By the standards of the various now-defunct trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom, the Newcastle system was a large one, with a total of 28 routes, and a maximum fleet of 204 trolleybuses. It finished on .
Two of the distinctive yellow-liveried former Newcastle trolleybuses are now preserved, one at the East Anglia Transport Museum at Carlton Colville, Suffolk, and the other LTN 501 at Beamish Open Air Museum sometimes on loan to the Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft, Lincolnshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31211592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211592" title="Praznik za uši">
Praznik za uši

Praznik za uši ("Holiday for the Ears") is the second solo album by Timbe, released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31211593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211593" title="Fresh Sounds from Middle America (vol 5)">
Fresh Sounds from Middle America (vol 5)

Fresh Sounds From Middle America (vol 5) was fifth and last album in the Lawrence, KS based series of compilation albums. The first two albums in the series were cassette only releases, the next two volumes were released on vinyl, and this volume was the first to be released on compact disc.
The "Fresh Sounds" series was organized by Bill Rich, of Talk Talk magazine, as a way to promote regional bands nationally. 

</doc>
<doc id="31211606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211606" title="Bassols 1790">
Bassols 1790

Bassols 1790 is probably the oldest still active textile company in the world.
Heritage and history.
Bassols 1790 was founded in Spain in 1790. The story begins in the city of Vic, where the first linen weaving mills in Spain were founded by Francisco Bassols in 1790. His son and successor, José Bassols Soler, had by 1830 established an industrial scale linen mill with a large number of hand looms on a street called San Pedro.
The accomplishments of Francisco Bassols and his son are noted in describing the industry of Vic in the "Diccionario Geografico Estadistico historic de España" published in Madrid in 1849.
When Jose Bassols Soler died in 1883, he left the business in the hands of a son named Ramon Bassols Torras. Ramon changed the name of the company to Hijo de J. Bassols and built a new larger factory in Moya with hand looms. He also took advantage of the arrival of power looms and built a new factory with such looms in San Martin de Provensals.
Hijo de J. Bassols was one of the richest in the European textile industry. This is not just a chronology but a strong of how the inventiveness, energy, innovation and passion of generation of the Bassols family have established Bassols 1790 as a highly recognized leader in luxury home textiles and linens.
Building upon the remarkable initiative of Francisco and the conservative perseverance of Jose, Ramon Bassols Torras exercised keen business acumen the fully capitalize of the developing technology. He was as described in the "Personalidades Eminentes de la Industria Textil Española" published in 1952, "one of the first to apply modern mechanical methods to his industry and understood perfectly all the possibilities of flax spinning".
In 1909, Ramon Bassols Torras transferred all three of his factories to Teia where it remains today. In 1888 and 1929, the company competed in national textile exhibitions obtaining gold medals in both. In 1935, Ramon Bassols Torras formed the present company called Hijo de J. Bassols, S.A. in which his children, José Maria Bassols Llata and Ramon Bassols Oliba worked as directors with their father.
After surviving the Spanish Civil War (1936 to 1939) and World War II, direction of the company was taken over by Jose Maria Bassols Llata in 1950. Under his leadership the company continued its focus on manufacturing expertise and opened the most innovative jacquard weaving factory in Europe in 1960. This was followed by the launch of Bassols first table cloth collection in 1969.
In 1980 Bassols launched its first home textile collection which marked a key point in the company’s evolution from a specialty linen manufacturer to a much broader based home textile brand. This transformation was accelerated under the direction of Jose Bassols Lopez de Sagredo and his brother Javier Bassols Lopez de Sagredo who took over from his father as President in 1992. Jose Bassols was keenly aware of the modern marketplace and he drove the process of changing the company culture from its manufacturing roots to being fashion, marketing and brand driven.

</doc>
<doc id="31211610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211610" title="Venugopal Sorab">
Venugopal Sorab

Venugopal Sorab was an Indian poet and writer in Kannada and in English. He authored five novels in Kannada and several poem collections in Kannada and English. His first piece of literature was a poetry collection called "Musuku nusuku".
Personal life.
Soraba was born in Devanahalli, India, in 1937. His father was Rama Rao and his mother Seetabai. He is married to Savita Venugopal, and has four sons. He was a professor in Kanakapura Rural College and NMKRV College for Women, Jayanagar.
Works.
His various works include:
He won an award from the Kannada Sahitya Academy for "Gari murida hakkigalu" in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31211615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211615" title="Nuclear energy by country">
Nuclear energy by country

Nuclear energy by country may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31211619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211619" title="Allen Tire Company">
Allen Tire Company

Allen Tire Company a tire and wheel distributor in Southern California, USA, established in 1973, with 20 locations throughout Southern California . Modern Tire Dealer publishes lists of the top 100 independent tire store chains; Allen appeared around 50th place during the first decade of the twentyfirst century.

</doc>
<doc id="31211654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211654" title="Anand (1986 film)">
Anand (1986 film)

Anand is a 1986 Kannada film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao. The film starred Shivrajkumar and Sudha Rani in lead roles with both making their debuts. The film went on to be a huge success running for 38 weeks. Shivarajkumar was introduced as a dancer in this film. This was his first of the three consecutive hits at the box-office on debut which gave him the title "Hat-trick Hero". He once said, "I can never forget "Anand", my first film which made me an actor. Singeetam was just explaining the scene to us and was telling this is what the work I expect from you people. He was bringing out such better performance from all of us."
Soundtrack.
The music of the film was composed by the duo Sankar-Ganesh with lyrics penned by Chi. Udayashankar.

</doc>
<doc id="31211665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211665" title="Philopator">
Philopator

Philopator Was a Cilician king who died in 17 AD. His death induced a commotion amongst his realm. This prompted the Roman emperor Tiberius send his heir Germanicus to the Eastern provinces with the putative aim of quelling the disturbances that existed in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="31211681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211681" title="Arthur Shaw (footballer born 1924)">
Arthur Shaw (footballer born 1924)

Arthur Shaw (born 9 April 1924) is an English former professional footballer who played as a wing half.
Career.
Born in Limehouse, Shaw played in the Football League for Brentford, Arsenal and Watford, making a total of 64 league appearances. Shaw also played non-league football for Southall, Hayes and Gravesend & Northfleet, and represented the England national amateur football team. Arsenal won the old First Division in 1952-53 and he made 25 league appearances, enough for a winners' medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31211701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211701" title="John Phillips (artist)">
John Phillips (artist)

John Phillips (1808 – after 1842), was an artist and illustrator in Great Britain. He is perhaps best known as a satirical etcher.
Early life.
John Phillips was the son of Giles Firman Phillips (1780–1867), and Lydia Arnold. He was born 24 October 1808 in the Parish of St James, Westminster, and baptised 28 May 1809 in the Tottenham Court Chapel in Tottenham Court Road. His mother died in 1839 and John lived for a time with his father at 8 Leicester Square (1831) 8, Richmond Buildings, Dean Street, Soho (1832-3), 60 Frith Street Soho, (1837) 16 Brownlow Street, and later (1841,) at 85 Newman Street. His first print was published in 1825 at the age of 17. He published a number of satirical prints between 1825 and 1830 for G Humphrey and others.
Phillips is known to have used the pseudonym, "A Sharpshooter", who published a series of prints through S Gans. After the demise of the satirical print in the 1830s he turned his hand to portraiture in the form of miniatures. Five have been identified to date (2011.)
He also exhibited paintings and drawings at the Society of British Artists and the New Watercolour Society 1832-7. He co-operated with Alfred Crowquill (pseud. of Alfred Henry Forester 1804-72) in Geo William Reynolds "Pickwick Abroad, or a Tour in France" 1838, illustrated with 41 steel engravings by A Crowquill and John Phillips, and 33 woodcuts by Bonner. For Thomas Tegg, 73, Cheapside, 1839'.
Punch magazine.
Phillips worked as an illustrator in the first edition of Punch.
Several series of etchings by him exist. 'Merry Thoughts for Merry Moments' pub C.S. Arnold, Tavistock Street, Covent Garden. 1829; 'Characteristic Sketches of the London Club Houses' (4) pub by G. Humphrey, St James Street, Westminster, July 3, 1829; 'Itinerant Characters Drawn & Etched from the life', in 6 plates illustrating the trades and occupations of the humblest classes in the metropolis, published by Wm Darton of Holborn Hill (nd. Circa 1825.); 'Familiar Life' pub Tilt & Bogue, Fleet St. (nd), and many others. In 1842 Edward Landells found him working at “The Illustrated London News” as a scene painter.
Phillips had almost certainly died by 1851. No information about him can be found in the census, and no further art works have been recorded or found.

</doc>
<doc id="31211703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211703" title="Craig Lodge Community">
Craig Lodge Community

Craig Lodge Community is a lay community of the Roman Catholic Church based in Dalmally, Argyll in the west Highlands of Scotland.
History.
Craig Lodge, a former hunting lodge in Dalmally, Argyll, Scotland, was run by Calum and Mary Anne MacFarlane-Barrow as a guest house until a pilgrimage to Medjugorje in 1984 gave their lives a new direction. It was their children who first read about the events at Medjugorje, and the reports that the Virgin Mary was appearing to six teenagers. They had grown up in a Catholic family and were well versed in the stories of Marian apparitions at Lourdes and Fatima. They were intrigued with the idea something like this could happen in their own time and were determined to go and visit and find out more. The visit to Medjugorje, a small village in Bosnia-Herzegovina, was a life changing experience. The region was then still part of Communist Yugoslavia and to practice the Catholic faith often met with persecution. Seeing the deep faith of the local people and hearing about the extraordinary events firsthand left a lasting impression on the group. They also learnt about the messages the Virgin Mary, under the title, Queen of Peace, was giving through the visionaries. As in Lourdes and Fatima her message at Medjugorje continues to be a call to return to the gospel values; to decide for God, to pray and to fast. When they returned home they urged their parents to go and visit Medjugorje too. Their experiences in Medjugorje paved the way for Calum and Mary Anne taking the decision to turn their guest house into a retreat centre – Craig Lodge Family House of Prayer. Guests come to join in with organized retreats or just to enjoy the beautiful, peaceful surroundings and take part in the Community’s daily prayer routine. 
In 1990 Calum and Mary Anne invited a group of young people to form a youth community (named Krizevac Community) at Craig Lodge. The commitment was for one year and the purpose was to deepen their faith through living out the messages of Medjugorje. 
"“Dear Children my heart is full of grace and love. My heart is the gift I give you. Be united! Pray together! Love together!”"
The Community today.
The Community soon began to get involved in evangelizing other young people through youth weekend retreats at Craig Lodge, visiting parishes and initiating prayer groups.
Ten years later in 2000, it was decided the Community should incorporate Permanent members too – families, single people or religious who choose to renew their commitment annually. This is Craig Lodge Community as it is today. While members of the House Community live in Craig Lodge itself and commit to one year, Permanent members live independently, in their own homes, close by to Craig Lodge. Their daily commitment is different to that of the House Community to take into account family and work responsibilities.
The purpose of the Community.
The purpose of the Community is to foster holiness in the members by living out the messages of the Virgin Mary at Medjugorje. Living in community has always been recognized as a way of progressing in the spiritual life. It is a way of finding companions on the journey of faith, of supporting each other and helps to open hearts to Jesus and to others. The understanding is that people are the pathway to the growth of virtue in each of us.
""Pray, pray, pray.""
Daily LifePrayer is integral to the daily life of the Community: Divine Office, the Rosary, Praise and Worship, Lectio Divina, Intercessory prayer particularly for priests. If prayer is the breath of the Community then the Eucharist is the heart. Daily life centres on the Holy Mass and Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament. 
"“Today I invite you all to fall in love with the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar. Adore him, little children, in your parishes. In this way you will be united with the entire world. Jesus will become your friend and you will not talk of Him as someone you hardly know. Union with him will be a joy for you and you will become witnesses to Jesus’ love which he has for every creature. Little children when you adore Jesus you are also close to me.”"
The overarching rule of the Community is to love:
“Love each other deeply, because love covers a multitude of sins, offer hospitality to one another without grumbling. Each one should use whatever gifts he has received to serve others, faithfully administering God’s grace in its various forms." 1 Peter 4: 8-11
Service 
The Community’s life has a strong calling to service. First and foremost by offering hospitality to the guests who come on retreat at Craig Lodge; by praying with them and making them feel at home. The Community is committed to youth work running several youth events each year at Craig Lodge – Easter, Summer & Advent. There is also an outreach team that carries out missions in secondary schools. The Community has a popular music ministry that leads the lively weekly praise and worship prayer group and is a hallmark of the Craig Lodge youth events. The Community is also eager to support family life and makes special efforts to make families welcome at Craig Lodge. Over the last years it has developed Family Week retreats that are geared to the needs of young families and include talks for parents alongside activities for the children. The patron saints of Craig Lodge Community are: Our Lady Queen of Peace, St Joseph and St Therese of Lisieux.
Craig Lodge Family House of Prayer.
Retreats
As a Roman Catholic retreat centre, Craig Lodge has a wide variety of retreats throughout the year. They cover topics such as: healing, Scripture, Theology of the Body, Pope John Paul II, Ignatius Spiritual Exercises and fasting.
Way of the Cross
Visitors to Craig Lodge can make A Way of the Cross, marked out with cairns of stone for each Station, on the hill behind Craig Lodge.
Mary's Meals.
The international aid charity Mary's Meals has its headquarters in the grounds of Craig Lodge. Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow OBE (Order of the British Empire), the founder and chief executive of Mary's Meals, is based at Craig Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="31211708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211708" title="Cosmopterix attenuatella">
Cosmopterix attenuatella

Cosmopterix attenuatella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is widely distributed in the tropics and subtropics of both the Old and New World, including the United States, Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, Virgin Islands, Dominica, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Trinidad and Tobago, Costa Rica, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, Argentina, the Canary Islands, Madeira, the Galapagos Islands, Cook Islands, Taiwan, Australia, New Zealand, Madagascar, Seychelles, Mauritius and Saint Helena.
The wingspan is about 9 mm. There are probably two generations per year in the south of the temperate zone and more overlapping generations in the tropics, because here adults can be found throughout the year.
The larvae feed on Poaceae ("Melinus minutiflora"), "Cyperus rotundus" and "Scirpus" species. They mine te leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch that descends from close to the tip of the leaf, occupying the entire width of the leaf. Older parts are brown and shrivelled, while youngest parts are yellow. The frass is black. Pupation takes place in an elongate white cocoon within the mine.

</doc>
<doc id="31211710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211710" title="Jukebox Jury">
Jukebox Jury

Jukebox Jury was an hour-long television series hosted by disc jockey Peter Potter which aired in the 1953-1954 season on the American Broadcasting Company, and was syndicated in 1959.
The program actually began in 1948 in Los Angeles, California on the CBS Television station KNXT, which has since changed call letters to KCBS-TV. Five years later, "Jukebox Jury" went national for one season. The show has been compared to a radio program replete with commercial endorsements and movie previews.
The jury on the program consisted of six usually young lesser-known film stars or minor recording artists who judged the latest releases from the record companies. Among the "jurors" were Barry Sullivan, Maureen O'Sullivan, and Jane Powell. Mike Connors, long before "Tightrope" and "Mannix", appeared on an early KNXT episode under the name "Touch" Connors. 
Once the program was added to the network schedule, many who appeared as jurors to yell "Hit" or "Miss" at each song selection were already or later well-known entertainers, having included: Steve Allen, Walter Brennan (four years before "The Real McCoys"), Lloyd Bridges, Ann B. Davis (prior to "The Bob Cummings Show"), Elinor Donahue (a year before the premiere of "Father Knows Best"), Zsa Zsa Gabor, Dean Martin, Steve McQueen (five years before ""), Jayne Meadows, Johnny Mercer, Sal Mineo, Leslie Nielsen, Debbie Reynolds, Mamie Van Doren, Robert Wagner, and Natalie Wood. Dick Clark used this listen-and-comment technique from persons in his audience on a reduced scale with his later long-running Philadelphia-based ABC series, "American Bandstand".
"Jukebox Jury" aired Sundays at 9:30pm ET, preceding Billy Graham's "Hour of Decision" spiritual program. The program was somewhat similar to NBC's half-hour "Judge for Yourself", starring Fred Allen and Dennis James, which also aired in the 1953-54 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31211719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211719" title="Rudolf Ferscha">
Rudolf Ferscha

Rudolf Ferscha (23 June 1961 in Vienna) is an Austrian banker and business executive who was previously an executive board member of Goldman Sachs Bank in Frankfurt and of Deutsche Börse AG, one of Germany’s top 30 listed companies. He also served as CEO of Eurex and as Chairman of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Ferscha holds a law degree from the University of Vienna.
Career.
Early career.
Originally a banking and corporate finance lawyer in Vienna. He became a managing director of EFB, Erste Finanz-Beratung, a subsidiary of Erste Bank, in 1988, advising on international project finance and corporate finance. From 1990 to 1997 Ferscha was running Erste Bank’s London office, including capital markets and derivatives trading subsidiary First Austrian International, an FSA regulated securities house. Ferscha became responsible for group-wide treasury and asset/liability management of Erste Bank in 1994.
Goldman Sachs.
In 1997 Ferscha joined the Goldman Sachs Group LLP, initially in London, and in 1998 joined Goldman Sachs oHG Bank’s management board in Frankfurt, as finance director and chief operating officer. He also became the co-managing director of their Frankfurt derivatives and warrants sales and trading.
Eurex/Deutsche Börse AG.
Ferscha joined Deutsche Börse AG as an executive board member from Goldman Sachs, their investment bankers, shortly before the company’s IPO. From 2000 to 2005 he was CEO of Eurex, then the world’s largest Futures Exchange, co-owned 50/50 (profit distribution: 80/20) by Deutsche Börse AG and SWX Swiss Exchange respectively, and CEO of Eurex Clearing AG as well as CEO of the Swiss derivatives exchange Eurex Zürich. From 2003 he ran the Xetra division of Deutsche Börse AG and served as Chairman of the Management Board of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The Eurex and Xetra divisions accounted for more than half of Deutsche Börse AG’s revenues.
Ferscha focused on profitability, global distribution, and on organic growth. The extension to foreign markets yielded market share gains in international index contracts like the EuroStoxx 50, as well as in Dutch, French and Italian equity options. In 2002 Eurex became the highest volume equity options exchange. The share of Eurex products sold to US customers grew from 5% in 2000 to 25% in 2005, as well as a profit growth from eur 38m in 1999 to 175m in 2005. Ferscha propagated equal and open access to financial markets through a global liquidity network. He also proposed comprehensive regulation to capture systemic risk, as well as a balanced approach towards hedge fund regulation and a more inclusive approach to the over-the-counter markets.
Eurex developed its own over-the-counter electronic trading platforms; Eurex Bonds and Eurex Repo, and included 17 US brokers, clearers and banks in the shareholder base of EurexUS. The Futures Industry Association, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and German Finance Minister Hans Eichel supported its application to become a US-regulated exchange. In negotiating a 15% participation in The Board of Trade Clearing Corporation, Ferscha obtained Eurex’s access to clearing directly in the US and the market-user shareholders of that company guaranteed EurexUS’s turnover for the first three years. The shareholders of the Board of Trade Clearing Corporation voted for the Eurex deal and against an unsolicited take-over offer from the Chicago Board of Trade.
Ferscha hired Goldman Sachs futures head Michael McErlean and the head of Chicago Mercantile Exchange’s product development division Satish Nandapurkar to lead the Eurex US, 70% of which was sold to Man Group for $23.2 million 2 years later.
Ferscha reformed the allocation of specialist mandates on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange to individual brokers according to performance criteria and opened the specialist roles to firms headquartered outside Germany. When mandating the redesign of the interior of
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange building in 2005 he preserved the traditional trading
floor of the exchange and its trademark magnetic blackboard. He introduced the new market segment Entry Standard in to cater for smaller and less mature businesses, following the earlier closure of the “Neue Markt”. The Entry Standard attracted 71 listings in its first year, becoming the largest alternative investment market in continental Europe.
Ferscha was reported to be a potential candidate to assume the Deutsche Borse AG CEO role after the company’s CEO Werner Seifert and Chairman Rolf Breuer left in 2005, pressured by funds including TCI and Atticus Ferscha lost out on this role to Reto Francioni, then chairman of SWX Swiss exchange, Deutsche Borse’s junior partner in Eurex. The hedge funds proposed Hypo Real Estate’s Kurt Viermetz as Chairman, who hired, Francioni as CEO in November 2005.
In December 2005 Ferscha resigned from the Deutsche Borse Group, followed by several other senior management departures He was succeeded by Frank Gerstenschlager, who was given the responsibility for the Xetra-division (equities, funds and warrants), and also by Andreas Preuss who was given responsibility for the Eurex division (derivatives and clearing).
Other Interests.
In May 2010 he was appointed to the Professional Oversight Board of the Financial Reporting Council, the independent UK regulator for corporate governance and corporate reporting chaired by Baroness Sarah Hogg, a former head of the UK Prime Ministerʼs Policy Unit and Chairman of 3i, Europe’s biggest private equity investor.

</doc>
<doc id="31211730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211730" title="The Beauty of Men">
The Beauty of Men

The Beauty of Men is a 1996 novel by Andrew Holleran, about Lark, a 47-year-old single gay man, who has moved to Florida to help care for his mother who became paralyzed after a fall.
Story.
The novel is set in the mid-1980s when AIDS was ravaging a generation of gay men back home in New York City. In Florida, Lark lives alone, has few friends, terrified of venturing out in the daylight. Had he stayed in New York he would be just as alone for a different reason. Now, instead of going to clubs and bath houses, he goes to the boat ramp and the one local gay bar two towns over in Gainesville. He has become obsessed with a local man named Becker with whom he spent one long night and has followed periodically since.
Award nominations.
It was nominated for the 1997 ALA Gay Lesbian Bisexual Books award and the Lambda Book Award for Gay Fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="31211736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211736" title="Abdikarim Yusuf Adam">
Abdikarim Yusuf Adam

General Abdikarim Yusuf Adam (, ) is a Somali military official. He is the current Chief of Army.

</doc>
<doc id="31211756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211756" title="Nancy Burne">
Nancy Burne

Nancy Burne (23 December 1912 – 25 March 1954) was a British film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="31211773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211773" title="Earthquake casualty estimation">
Earthquake casualty estimation

Recent advances are improving the speed and accuracy of loss estimates immediately after earthquakes (within less than an hour) so that injured people may be rescued more efficiently. After major and large earthquakes, rescue agencies and civil defense managers rapidly need quantitative estimates of the extent of the potential disaster, at a time when information from the affected area may not yet have reached the outside world. For the injured below the rubble every minute counts.
To rapidly provide estimates of the extent of an earthquake disaster is much less of a problem in industrialized than in developing countries. This article focuses on how one can estimate earthquake losses in developing countries in real time.
The need for theoretically estimating human losses in real time.
For the first few days after an earthquake, practically no information flows from the center of the devastated area. Examples of the initial underestimation of the extent of earthquake disasters in developing as well as industrialized countries are shown in Figure 1. The responsible experts believed for 4 days that the death toll in the Wenchuan earthquake, Mw 8 of May 12, 2008, was less than 10,000.
The estimates of fatalities distributed by email by the World Agency for Planetary Monitoring and Earthquake Risk Reduction within 100 minutes of the Wenchuan earthquake was 55,000 ± 30,000, which includes the final toll of about 87,000.
For the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, an M6.3 earthquake, WAPMERR’s estimate of fatalities was 275 ±200, 22 minutes after the event. The final death toll was 287. In both cases, the official fatality count was slow to reflect the true extent of the disasters. Thus, theoretical estimates of fatalities in real time can be useful for reacting with an appropriate disaster relief response, even though these estimates have large error margins.
Pinpointing the epicenter.
The location of an earthquake (its epicenter and depth) needs to be known rapidly for estimating losses. It is calculated from the times at which the waves it generates arrive at seismographs surrounding the source. A computer moves the epicenter estimate close to those stations which record the waves first and far from stations that reported the waves later. This can be done within seconds to accuracies of 1 kilometer in regions where dense seismograph networks exist with inter-station distances of about 10 km. For most of the world, this luxury is not available and the worldwide seismograph network has to be used to estimate the location based on teleseismic data (recorded at distances of more than 1,000 km). This means that estimates of the location cannot be calculated before the waves have traveled hundreds and thousands of kilometers to stations that record them.
The race to know about a new earthquake.
The following agencies distribute estimates of latitude, longitude, depth, and magnitude of worldwide earthquakes rapidly and with high accuracy. The Geoforschungszentrum, Potsdam, Germany, delivers automatic solutions within 8 minutes (median) for all major earthquakes worldwide. The National Earthquake Information Center of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) delivers solutions that are reviewed by a seismologist within 17 minutes (median) for all major earthquakes worldwide. The European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre delivers reviewed parameters mostly in the European area within 25 minutes (median). The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center and the National Tsunami Warning Center of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) delivers reviewed parameters for earthquakes in the wider Pacific area within 12 minutes (median).
Epicenter.
If the epicenter is incorrect the loss estimate will be uncertain. Errors are introduced in the estimate of position mostly because of the heterogeneity of the Earth. Seismic waves travel with different speeds in different rocks. Uncertainties in real time epicenters estimated by teleseismic means are ±25 km (median).
Depth.
The depth is important, but uncertain in the top 50 km. The depths of earthquakes range from 0 to about 700 km. Generally, only the earthquakes in the top 100 km are close enough to settlements to cause casualties. The decrease of the wave amplitudes as a function of distance (Figure 2) shows that dangerous intensities, I≥VII, do not exist beyond 30 to 50 km for major earthquakes. Thus, deep earthquakes are usually not of interest for alerts.
The depth of the energy release can be estimated accurately (to within 1 km) if a seismograph station right above the earthquake (or near it) records the waves. This is usually not the case and one has to rely on teleseismic methods to estimate the depth.
The teleseismic method is to measure the time delay with which the wave reflected from the Earth’s surface above the earthquake arrives at a seismograph. The surface of the Earth acts like a mirror. A wave that runs up against it cannot travel into the air, so it is reflected back down into the Earth, traveling to the same seismograph that recorded the direct wave a little bit earlier. The time delay of the reflected wave depends of course directly on the extra distance it has traveled: from the hypocenter up to the surface and back down to the depth of the hypocenter.
This method works fine, if the hypocentral depth Z>50 km because, in that case, the direct and reflected phases (waves) are clearly separated on the record. For shallower depths, the delay is so small that the two pulses on the seismogram are not readily recognizable as separate pulses; it takes filtering techniques to separate and identify them.
It follows that the depth of the shallow earthquakes, those most dangerous, must be assumed to be 25 ±25 km, if there is no other evidence available. This uncertainty is approximately the same as that of the epicenter.
There exists a possibility to reduce this error based on historic data, in some cases. For regions where the tectonic style and the faults producing the earthquakes are well known, one may chose a depth assuming it is the same as in past earthquakes for which the depth had been determined accurately.
Estimates of shaking.
The magnitude for great earthquakes is often underestimated, at first. The standard teleseismic measure of the ‘size’ of an earthquake is the surface wave magnitude, Ms, which has to be derived by definition from the surface waves with 20 second period. A more reliable and more modern scale is that of the moment magnitude, Mw.
Variations of the amplitudes recorded at different seismograph stations are due to many reasons, but the mean magnitude derived from reports by many stations that have recorded the earthquake should be fairly stable. Nevertheless, the agencies which report source parameters (GFZ, NEIC, TWC. EMSC) differ in their magnitude estimates by 0.2 units, on average. This value is taken as the uncertainty of the magnitude estimate in real time.
There exists a special problem for great earthquakes; those with M>8. The waves with 20 seconds period, which define Ms, have wavelengths of only about 100 km. This means, they are too short a yardstick to measure the size of ruptures that significantly exceed 100 km in length. For this reason Mw was introduced, being based on wavelengths of about 1000 km. Unfortunately, these long wavelengths do not become available as fast as shorter ones, resulting in initial underestimates of the magnitude of great earthquakes. As an example, for the Tohoku, M9 earthquake of 11 March 2011, the initial estimates were: GFZ M8.5, NEIC M7.9, TWC M7.9, and EMSC M8.0.
The intensity of shaking diminishes away from the earthquake.
Strong ground motions damage buildings, sometimes bringing about collapse. Shaking of the ground decreases with distance from the release of energy, the hypocenter, or, more accurately expressed, from the entire area of rupture. To calculate the intensity of shaking at a given settlement, the computer looks up the attenuation (decrease in amplitude) for seismic waves that travel the distance to the settlement in question.
Errors are again introduced through the heterogeneity of the Earth. The loss of energy along the wave path is not exactly the same in all parts of the world. Examples are shown in Figure 2. For poorly studied regions in developing countries, the uncertainty of the estimated intensities can be substantial, as shown by the different curves, because attenuation is poorly known.
Another factor that can lead to variations of observed intensity of shaking is the condition of the soil beneath a particular structure. The waves are amplified in unconsolidated soils compared to hard rock (Figure 3). In important cities, soil conditions and their amplification factors are mapped for microzonation purposes. This type of information is usually not available for settlements in developing countries. One has to assume that the mixture of conditions results in an average loss estimate for the city, overall.
An intensity, I, given in Roman numerals from I to XII, is calculated for each settlement, accounting for the magnitude of the earthquake and its distance, and also accounting for the local amplification, if known.
Built environment.
The built environment is poorly known for some countries. The quality of buildings differs by country and settlement size. For estimating damage to the built environment, one needs to calculate the damage expected for each type of building present in a given settlement. For each settlement one needs to know the distribution of buildings into classes with different resistance to strong shaking. A common scale for classifying building types is the European Macroseismic Scale (EMS98)
The distribution of building types is different in industrialized and developing countries (Figure 4) and also in villages compared to cities in the same country. Many earthquake engineers work on the problem of better defining the world data on building properties (World Housing Encyclopedia).
After one knows the distribution of buildings into classes (histograms on the left in both frames of Figure 4), one needs to estimate how the population is distributed into these building types (histograms on the right in both frames of Figure 4). These distributions are not identical because the higher quality houses tend to shelter more people per building.
The Haiti earthquake, M7.3 of 12 January 2010 showed that in this case the quality of construction was vastly underestimated by the engineering community. Each new damaging earthquake serves as a source of new information on building properties in the region. In the immediate aftermath of the Haiti earthquake of 12 January 2010, a joint study for the estimation of damage to the building stock based on aerial images was carried out by UNITAR-UNOSAT, the EC-JRC, and the World Bank/ImageCAT in support of the PDNA. Hancilar et al. (2013) have developed empirical fragility functions based on remote sensing and field data for the pre-dominant building typologies (http://earthquakespectra.org/doi/abs/10.1193/121711EQS308M). The international project Global Earthquake Model (GEM) has the aim of producing a world map of earthquake risk. As part of this gigantic effort, data sets will be improved, which are also needed for real time loss assessments. One of these is the data set on world housing properties.
Deaths from collapsing buildings.
The probability that a building of a given type may collapse if subjected to a certain intensity of shaking (Figure 5) is an important parameter for calculating expected human losses. The weak buildings that are present in developing countries (Figure 4 on the left) are the ones that are likely to collapse at moderate intensities (Figure 5 on the left).
The numbers of fatalities and injured (casualties are the sum of these two parameters) are estimated, using a casualty matrix, a table which gives the percentages of dead, injured, and unscathed among the occupants of a building that collapses. This distribution depends strongly on the building type.
A building need not collapse to injure and kill; at every damage degree there exists a probability that casualties will result.
The data in casualty matrices are so poorly known that we cannot give uncertainties here. However, specialists are working on learning more about this and related problems in estimating losses due to earthquakes.
Tracking population and location.
Population at risk in a given quake.
One would think that one can simply look up the population in all settlements of a country in its census. However, that is not the case for the countries we are targeting. Data sources on the web include the World Gazetteer, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), and GeoNames for population by settlements. However, these lists are incomplete, omitting small settlements. In many countries the sum of the population listed by the above mentioned organizations equals only 50% to 80% of the total population as estimated in The World Factbook of the CIA. Also, many settlements are listed without coordinates, and others with coordinates but not population.
Occupancy rate.
Variations of occupancy rate as a function of the time of day and the season. The worst time for an earthquake to strike is the night because most of the population is indoors. The time when the consequences are less serious are the morning and evening hours, when farmers are out of doors and office and factory workers are commuting. The fluctuations in occupancy rate have been estimate to be about 35%.
In areas with strong seasonal tourism, the population may fluctuate up to a factor of 10. These fluctuations depend strongly on the location. Currently, there exists no worldwide dataset to account for this effect in loss estimates.
Simplifications.
Simplifications are needed because the world is too large for details everywhere.
Averaging.
If one wanted to estimate in real time what damage is to be expected for critical facilities (e.g. a nuclear power plant, a high dam of a reservoir, bridges, hospitals, schools) one would have to know quite a few additional details. For example, the type of soil the facility is resting on, the blueprints of the construction to calculate its response to different frequency waves, and the frequency spectrum radiated by the earthquake. It can be done, but it is costly. In developing countries, not all of this information is available.
In estimating losses in real time, one must take advantage of the fact that some buildings are built to code, others are not, some are located on hard rock, others on unconsolidated sediments, and the earthquake may radiate more energy in one direction than in another. Summing up expected losses assuming average conditions may end up approximately correct, although local fluctuations in the results exist.
Models for settlements.
Photographs taken from space or from air planes are very useful for assembling a database for the built environment of a city. Even on images which have not been enhanced the size and type of buildings, as well as the building use can clearly be identified (Figure 6). Neighborhoods of residential buildings all of similar construction, and industrial zones can be mapped.
The height of buildings can be estimated from the shadows they cast in photographs from space and from the air. Based on height, estimates 3D models of cities can be constructed, as shown in the example of Central Bucharest (Figure 7). Governmental office buildings can be seen at the center, whereas small residential buildings dominate in the East.
Adding photographs of the facades shot from street level, detailed, realistic models of cities can be built (Figure 8). With this added information, it is possible to better classify the construction type of each building and to deepen the detail of the model of the built environment necessary for accurate estimates of losses due to earthquakes.
However, the number of settlements in the world for which population data are available exceeds one million. For each, coordinates, name, and an estimated population is available, but it is impossible to analyze all of them in the detail as shown in Figures 6, 7, and 8. There is no choice, but to place the entire population at one coordinate point, regardless of the settlement’s size, and to assign each settlement a standard distribution of buildings into classes of different earthquake resistance. The only refinement one can afford is to have different standard models for different countries and for at least three settlement size for each country.
In an ideal case, one would like to have detailed information on every building and its occupants. However, with thousands of large cities at risk and hundreds of millions of inhabitants in them, this is too costly. A cost-effective way to model a large city is to treat each administrative district as a separate settlement.
Expected mortality by city district.
In many large cities, the census contains information on population and building stock by district. A model of a city in which each district has its own distribution of buildings into classes and its population, is far superior to the basic, primitive model of one coordinate point. If one has the resources to divide a large city into neighborhoods containing similar building stock, then a high quality model can be constructed at a still moderate cost. An example of the mortality rate estimates in case of a future M8 earthquake off Lima, Peru, shows that there are substantial differences between districts (Figure 9). The differences are due to the distance from the assumed source, the type of soil, and the quality of the building stock. In addition to the mortality calculation for the entire population, information on the locations and expected damage state of schools, hospitals, fire stations, police posts, and critical facilities would be of great value for rescuers. However, to develop this type of information requires a more substantial effort in countries where the location and construction quality of these facilities are not known.
Calculating the likely functionality of hospitals after earthquakes requires specialized expertise. In some cities, elaborate efforts by commercial enterprises have been carried out or are under way to catalog information on a neighborhood level, more detailed than shown in Figure 9. In industrial countries details of each house with street address are often known.
State of the art.
Uncertainties in real-time estimates.
Uncertainties in real-time estimates of human losses are a factor of two, at best. One may group the seriousness for introducing errors in the loss estimates due to uncertain input, into three classes: serious, moderate, and negligible.
The size of the most serious errors is an order of magnitude (meaning a factor of 10). They can be generated by hypocenter errors, incorrect data on building stock, and magnitude errors for M>8 earthquakes. Wrong assumptions on the attenuation of seismic waves may introduce errors of a factor of 3.
Moderate errors, typically about 30%, can be introduced by variations of magnitude for M<8, soil conditions, and directivity of energy radiated. Other inaccuracies in data sets or input contribute errors that are negligible compared to the aforementioned uncertainties.
Existing earthquake loss alert services.
By email, WAPMERR has distributed estimates of human losses (numbers of fatalities and injured), in addition to calculations of mean damage for each settlement in their database, following earthquakes worldwide since October 2003. Up to May 2010, these estimates were based on a program and data set called QUAKELOSS, since that time the alerts are based on the second generation tool and data set called QLARM, including a map showing the mean damage expected for affected settlements.
The National Earthquake Information Center of the USGS has been issuing PAGER alerts by email since April, 2009. They contain a color code reflecting the seriousness of the event, the number of people estimated to have been exposed to the various likely intensity levels, tectonic information about the epicentral area, and consequences that had resulted from previous nearby earthquakes.
Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System (GDACS)) has been issuing color-coded earthquake alerts since September 2005. These reports contain comments on the socio-economic conditions of the epicentral area. As a measure of the level of seriousness, they use only the number of people within set radii of distance. This information can be misleading because the parameters, which control the extent of a disaster, are ignored (magnitude, depth, transmission properties, building stock characteristics, and time of day).
Estimating losses due to tsunami.
The methods explained here concern only losses due to strong ground motions. Damage due to tsunamis is not included. The community researching tsunamis is currently struggling with the problem of making a rapid decision after an earthquake whether or not a tsunami has been generated, how high it might be in the open ocean, and finally what local run ups should be expected. Methods to calculate what happens to the built environment when a wave strikes are not yet developed.
Improvements in accuracy.
Human losses can be estimated with sufficient accuracy to assist disaster response to mobilize in adequate ways. Inconsequential events can be identified in 99% of the cases, which means that rescue teams do not need to waste time and energy to needlessly mobilize. Although the uncertainties in estimating human losses in real time are large, they allow one to immediately identify disastrous cases that need attention.
Some of the uncertainties in the input parameters cannot be improved and will remain as error sources. However, the uncertainty in other parameters, especially databases, can be reduced by research. Some of the important parameters have hardly been investigated. Because many people are working on this problem, real time estimates of human losses after earthquakes will become more accurate and more useful.

</doc>
<doc id="31211797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211797" title="Xu Hui">
Xu Hui

Xu Hui (627-650) was a female Chinese poet, "the first of all women poets of the Tang, an individual scarcely even noted in traditional literary history... but the only one of the thirty-plus 'empresses and consorts'...given biographies in the official Tang histories to have any of her own writings quoted there."
Xu Hui was the child prodigy daughter of Xu Xiaode, from Changcheng in Huzhou (modern Zhejiang province). She became a minor consort to the Tang Dynasty's second emperor, Emperor Taizong of Tang. Although originally appointed as a fifth-rank court lady, a 'Gifted One' ("cairen", 才人), she was later promoted to concubine status, as a 'Replete of Mien' ("Changrong", 充容).
Xu Hui is one of China's outstanding early female poets, and is believed to have written around one thousand poems, but only five survive today, including the well-known "Regret in Changmen Palace" on the popular Tang Dynasty topic of the neglected or abandoned lady. The poem refers to a specific historical incident when the Emperor Han Wudi's empress was "sequestered in the Tall Gate ("changmen") Palace and feared she would be replaced in the sovereign's affections by a newer favorite":
"You used to love my Cypress Rafter Terrace,<br>
But now you dote upon her Bright Yang Palace.<br>
I know my place, take leave of your palanquin.<br>
Hold in my feelings, weep for a cast-off fan.<br>
There was a time my dances, songs, brought honor.<br>
These letters and poems of long ago? Despised!<br>
It's true, I think--your favor collapsed like waves.<br>
Hard to offer water that's been spilled."
Tradition holds that on the Emperor Taizong's death, she became ill from grief, and died the following year. Taizong's successor Gaozong posthumously honored her with the title "Xianfei" (賢妃), and promoted her father on her account to be prefect of Guozhou. She was also given the privilege of satellite burial within Taizong's mausoleum, the Zhaoling.

</doc>
<doc id="31211800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211800" title="Statewide Suicide Prevention Council">
Statewide Suicide Prevention Council

The Statewide Suicide Prevention Council of the state of Alaska advises the Governor and legislature on issues relating to suicide. In collaboration with communities, faith-based organizations, and public-private entities, the Council works to improve the health and wellness of Alaskans by reducing suicide and its effect on individuals and communities. The home-base of the Statewide Suicide Prevention Council is Juneau, Alaska’s capital.
The Statewide Suicide Prevention Council was established by the Alaska Legislature in 2001, in response to what was characterized as ‘an on-going epidemic’ of suicide. After a legislative audit in 2008, the Council was extended by Legislature to June 30, 2030.
Mission.
The goals and responsibilities of the Council are to improve Aaskans’ health and wellness by reducing suicide, improving public awareness of suicide and risk factors, enhancing suicide prevention efforts, working with partners and faith-based organizations to develop healthier communities, creating a statewide suicide prevention plan and putting it in action, and building and strengthening partnerships to prevent suicide. The goals and responsibilities are established by the Alaska Statutes, section 44.29.350, in which it is also recorded that the Council serves in an advisory capacity to the legislature and the Governor.
History.
In 2001, a series of ‘suicide clusters’ throughout Alaska led state leaders to more closely examine the issue. Senate Bill 198 was approved on May 7, 2001, establishing the Statewide Suicide Prevention Council. The Council had its first meeting on November 12, 2001 in Anchorage. In 2008, a legislative audit extended the Council by Legislature to June 30, 2030.
Members.
In 2011, House Bill 21 passed House, increasing the number of members of the Statewide Suicide Prevention Council from 16 to 17 members. The additional member gives representation on the council for members of the military, for suicide among the military is on the rise. As of 2011, the Council has thirteen voting members from the public, appointed by the Governor, and four non-voting members from the legislature. The members include:
The President of the Alaska State Senate and the Speaker of the House appoint the four non-voting members of the council. The Senate President appoints one majority and one minority member of the Senate, and the Speaker appoints one majority and one minority member of the House of Representatives. The Governor will appoint the members of the council for staggered terms of four years. A vacancy of a member on the council will be filled by appointment of the Governor for the unexpired part of the vacated term. Members of the Council serve at the pleasure of the Governor. This means that the Governor has the right to replace a member who, by poor attendance (the failure to attend three or more consecutive meetings) or lack of contribution to the Council’s work, demonstrates ineffectiveness as a member.
Organization.
The Council meets and votes, by teleconference or otherwise, as often as is considered necessary by the presiding officer of the Council. At least seven members of the Council should participate in a meeting by person or teleconference for the transaction of business and the exercise of the powers and duties of the Council. The Council comes together approximately four times a year. Each meeting is held in a different part of Alaska.
The Council annually reports its findings and recommendations in a report to the Governor, the president of the Senate, and the speaker of the house of representatives by March 1 each year. In the annual report, the suicide prevention efforts of the previous year are reviewed and evaluated.
The 2010 annual report, released mid-January 2011, is called Mending the Net, referring to the many individuals and organizations that work to prevent suicide all over Alaska, who are very dedicated, but often feel disconnected and unsupported. By ‘mending’ the suicide prevention systems ‘net’, the Council hopes to increase the effectiveness of local suicide prevention efforts, support the spread of effective ideas to other Alaskan communities, recognize the work of every person trying to prevent suicide, and honor the losses to families and communities caused by suicide.
External links and further reading.
'Mending the Net', the 2010 report of the Statewide Suicide Prevention Council can be found here

</doc>
<doc id="31211806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211806" title="Lindsay Park (Davenport, Iowa)">
Lindsay Park (Davenport, Iowa)

Lindsay Park is a park. located in the Village of East Davenport in Davenport, Iowa, United States. The lower park is a contributing property of the Davenport Village Historic District that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1980, and the upper park is part of the McClellan Heights Historic District which was listed on the national register in 1984. The whole park was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1998. Lindsay Park is owned by the city of Davenport and features a playground, baseball diamonds and views of the Mississippi River, which is immediately to the south of the park. There is a group of architectural sculptures along the Riverfront Parkway, of which Lindsay Park is a part. The park also hosts the annual Riverssance Festival of Fine Art.
Camp McClellan.
The park served as the parade grounds for the Union Army stationed at Camp McClellan during the American Civil War. Camp McClellan was laid out in August 1861. It was the largest of the five camps that were in and around the city of Davenport. After the war the area became a residential area, named McClellan Heights, and the southwest portion became Lindsay Park. The park held a Civil War Muster and Mercantile Exposition annually in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="31211811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211811" title="Joakim Alriksson">
Joakim Alriksson

Joakim Alriksson (born August 18, 1992), is a Swedish footballer who currently plays for AFC United. 
Career.
He made his debut against Halmstads BK on 7 November 2010 in the last round of Allsvenskan, while still playing for the junior squad. He was moved up to the senior squad for the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31211825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211825" title="Arthur Shaw">
Arthur Shaw

Arthur Shaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31211852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211852" title="Billy Dickson">
Billy Dickson

Billy Dickson is an American cinematographer and television director. 
As a cinematographer he is best known for his work on the television series "Ally McBeal", for which he was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Cinematography for a Single-Camera Series in 2001 and 2002. He was also a cinematographer for numerous television films and photographed the television series "The Big Easy", "Hidden Hills" and "12 Miles of Bad Road".
As a television director, he directed episodes of "Ally McBeal", "One Tree Hill" and the reality series "Majors & Minors". In 2008, Dickson created the internet television series "IQ-145", starring Thomas Dekker and Lindsey McKeon. Dickson also directed, edited, photographed and wrote all the episodes for the series.

</doc>
<doc id="31211859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211859" title="Thornton Clarke">
Thornton Clarke

Thornton Gainsborough Clarke (27 November 1891 – 19 July 1916) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
As a 19 year old, Clarke appeared in four games in the 1911 VFL season, his only year at the club. 
He later enlisted with the Australian Army and joined the 60th Infantry Battalion. 
Clarke was killed in action soon after arriving on the Western Front, during the Battle of Fromelles.

</doc>
<doc id="31211860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211860" title="2011 IAFL season">
2011 IAFL season

The 2011 IAFL season was the 25th regular season of the Irish American Football League.
The regular season began on Sunday, March 6, at the UCD Bowl featuring 2 of the University sides in the competition. Trinity College defeated UCD 20 - 16.
Marcus Naylor, safety of the Dublin Rebels, was named MVP for the 2011 season. In Shamrock Bowl XXV, the League's championship game, played at Morton Stadium in Santry, Dublin, the Dublin Rebels defeated the UL Vikings to win their seventh Shamrock Bowl.
Schedule.
Opening Weekend.
The IAFL Kickoff Game, the first game of the season took place on Sunday, March 6, 2011 at 1 pm IST with the University Bowl Game featuring UCD taking on Trinity College at the UCD Bowl in the IAFL College Championship Game. Trinity won the game 20 - 16 in what was a close game. This was the only game to take place in the opening weekend with the rest of the teams playing their matches in the next 3 weeks.
Week 4.
By Week 4, all teams had played at least 1 game. The Cork Admirals, Belfast Trojans and Dublin Dragons were the final teams to play at least 1 game.
Regular season standings.
IAFL North
IAFL Central
IAFL South
Play-Off Qualifying Rankings.
The top 2 teams qualify for the Play-Off Qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="31211905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211905" title="Highbury Hill, Clutton">
Highbury Hill, Clutton

Highbury Hill in Clutton, Somerset, England is the site of the earthwork remains of an Iron Age univallate hillfort. It occupies an area of woodland at the end of a narrow ridge. It is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, meaning that it is a nationally important archaeological site or historic building, given protection against unauthorised change.
The site lies in an area of woodland at the south eastern end of a narrow ridge with steep slopes around it. There is a outer bank which is long with a shallow wide ditch.
Some Roman silver coins were found at the site in the late 18th century.
Background.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I wouldn't see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".

</doc>
<doc id="31211909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211909" title="Wiley B. Glass">
Wiley B. Glass

Wiley B. Glass (1874 - November 14, 1967) was a Southern Baptist missionary in China with the North China Mission with his primary ministry being established in then Hwanghsien, China. He was best known in China by his local name Kuo Mu-Shih. Glass was dearly loved by Chinese and missionaries alike and was considered the rock in which the missionaries were held together in Hwanghsien and the light that led so many to Christ. His primary work was teaching and then leading the North China Mission's Seminary in Hwanghsien which produced many strong leaders of Christ. He had a great heart for the poor and lead up many famine reliefs and along with his colleagues and some of the native believers helped to establish a Red Cross Organization. This led him to good standing and gave him "great face" for himself and for foreigners among many of the Chinese. Although one of the lesser known missionaries to China during this period, he nonetheless produced some of the greatest work. His daughter Eloise Glass Cauthen, who wrote his biography in her book "Higher Ground", and her Husband Baker followed faithfully in his footsteps and greatly served the Chinese for many years. It can be sure that Wiley Glass's years of faithful service are a reason that the Chinese Church has such a solid foundation and has exploded the way it has.
Early life.
Born in Franklin County, Texas to Henry Clay and Teedie Grass. In Wileys years his father was not a believer and so his mother prayed that Wiley would not grow up in Fathers unbelief. She prayed, “O God, take this child, keep him and use him. And save his father, please.” Not much later his father had a powerful conversion experienced and lived a life full to the Lord. 
Years later on the way to Methodist Revival meeting, Wiley’s sister pleaded with him to give His life to Christ. The following morning the preacher spoke on Revelation 3:20 and Wiley let the Lord know he need and wanted him and in that moment he knew the Lord had heard and he walked forward and gave his life to Christ. 
Later Wiley was asked to lead up a church, after serious prayer with the Lord he felt called and through preaching in the church got his call to go to Baylor College. While at Baylor, one of Wileys professors, Dr. Tanner, the man who had the most profound influence on his life said after hearing news of the Boxer Rebellion – “these things are added proof of [China’s] need of the gospel. If China had been Christian, this would not be happening.” This moved Wiley to become more zealous about foreign missions. (.33) Soon a revival happened on campus with many admitting that God was calling them to missions, in which Wiley confessed the same. Later on July 22, 1903 Wiley married Eunice Taylor and that fall they set out for China.
Work in China.
Wiley and Eunice began working with the North China mission and were first set up in LaiChowFu and began studying language. Wiley and Eunice had their first baby, Taylor, in August. Unfortunately he caught pneumonia. By the time Wiley could reach the doctor on his new bicycle and come back with him Taylor was too sick and later died. This was a tragic time but soon after Wiley was blessed and his language improved. He helped his Chinese teacher give up bad habits and got him into the book of John. This was the first man he led to Christ.
Soon through the work of the Spirit and Mr. Sun himself nearly the whole village of forty to fifty families was led to Christ. Not much longer in the year of 1906 Wiley and Eunice had their second child and named him Bentley. Later in 1907 World Missions Conference was held in Shanghai, Wiley described Shanghai as, “the New York of the East”. Wiley represented the North China Mission – by this time, 100 years after Robert Morrison first arrived, there were nearly a quarter of a million Christians in China (much more than was ever hoped for).
Shortly thereafter the conference dikes in the Yellow River had broken down and dissolved many homes and drowned thousands. Wiley and his fellow missionary friend, John Lowe went to Chingkiang and volunteered. Horror, death, misery, and starvation were all around. This was an extremely hard, challenging, and exhausting time for Wiley but the Lord used it to help raise support, awareness, and missionaries for China and also to bring a better face to the foreigners. After weeks volunteering Wiley returned home and his first daughter, named Lois Corneille, was born on November 25, 1907. 
In 1908 a new step in Wiley’s mission career happened - he became part of the staff for the North China Baptist Training School for Preachers and Teachers in Hwanghsien. Wiley felt that through teaching he could multiply himself by sending numerous native Chinese out to share the gospel. And lo they did. They went into all shantung and into other provinces such as Honan and Anhwei and even up into the far areas of Manchuria. This was a delightful but also strenuous time for Wiley. Lesson preparation took several hours. Especially with Old Testament and Church history in which he had to learn countless names in Chinese. There was much fruit through this time and the student body quickly grew to 40. It was here in Hwanghsien that his second daughter, Eloise named for Eunice’s favorite sister in law, was born.
Finally after 7 years in China and the newest addition to this family, in 1910, Wiley, Eunice, and the children took their first furlough back to America. They had mixed emotions upon returning because Eunice’s mom had died and her father had remarried. However Eunice loved her stepmother and spent a wonderful year with her while Wiley spent most of the time traveling in the Southern states, such as Alabama, and some up north like philly sharing what God was doing in China and raising a lot of money. Following this, they returned to a much disturbed China, the regime of empress Dowager was tottering and new ideas challenged old ways. Armed revolutions marched across Shuntung province so Wiley decided to move Eunice to Chefoo in order that she could have new baby in peace. (p. 74)
The fruitful seminary was closed during this time and anyone without hair queue was subject to beheading. Several Christians were sympathetic to the new movement and cut their hair. Because of this Wiley and family felt they should return in order to protect these men and also in order to help start up the Red Cross organization they were planning. Wiley with a fellow missionaries wife, Bessie Hartwell, returned to Hwangshien to the midst of soldiers shooting at everything. They connected with Lottie Moon at their hospital there.
In October 1912 – north china cities had declared their sympathy with the revolution and ousted the imperial government officials. (p. 76). Eventually imperialists took control of the city and many men not wearing queues were executed. Fortunately most Christians (several of whom had no queues) were working for a Red Cross and taking care of wounded soldiers. This made them neutral and kept from being killed.
Not much later Eunice got sick twice with pleurisy and their 4th child, 2nd boy Wiley B got dysentery and died not much later. Wiley wrote home in his and his wife’s name – “Heaven is nearer and Christ is dearer with our two boys over there in His arms.” His pain however made him sign it – “your sorrowing brother and sister” (p. 86)
The following time in China was a hard and rough time. Famine followed the revolutions, droughts went on for 3 years and death was rampant in Central China and crept closer and closer their way. This was around the time that Lottie moon, even with her indomitable spirit and mental powers, began to wane and became depressed in the midst of all the famine in distress. It was decided she should return to America and she died in Kobe, Japan on the boat. (p. 87)
Despite these great pains and hardships, the ministry was blessed to be very fruitful during this time. “In laichowfu a building had been dedicated for the Woman’s training school, and 2 churches had been organized. The north china mission had 5 stations with work extending from Manchuria on the north to the extreme southwest of shantung. There were 26 churches, they baptized 1003 during the year, about one fourth of the total membership. One day at pingtu 130 were baptized… Sunday schools numbered 95. 111 day and boarding schools had 1,848 pupils nad 3 hospitals treated 25,800 patients. (p.87-88). 
Later Eunice took the children on vacation to Chefoo and got sickly ill with a cold. She refused to leave China, not able to bear thinking about hindering wileys work. She was diagnosed with tuberculosis and struggled for nine long months and eventually passed on april 13th. Wiley wrote to his brother and sisters at home – I would be untrue of her glorious, courageious example as she faced the future and endured for nine long months such weariness, pain and anxiety, so joyously, if I were not as brave as she. The inspiration of her pure, noble life is mine forever. I find God’s face not turned from me, but a consciousness of His nearness and love and strength constantly at hand.” Wileys “heavy heart” and the strain of finances made it hard to push on (p. 92). Later he decided to send his two other daughters to boarding school with his 8 year old son Bentley. He was very lonely at Hwanghsien but a new seminary colleague and opportunities kept his mind busy – he helped churches by helping to get Christian lituearte, opening up stores to sell them, and assisting others to sell and distribute them. (p. 92)
Wiley also started housing missionaries in order to fill the house and loved having his kids home on holiday. His heart began to warm again and in 1915 wiley became president of the north china mission. A wonderful, enthusiastic, dearly loved, and dear lover of the Lord, named Jessi Pettigrew, was a missionary and nurse to the people of China and one of the women who so wonderfully took care of wileys children after the passing of his beloved wife. After spending more time with her Wiley feel deeply in love with her and after some years of hardship, eventually all former opposition approved and they married on March 13, 1916 in Japan. The children referred to her as mothers as naturally as if they hand neven known her by any other name. (p. 103) and eventually they had two children of their own – Gertrude and bryan in 1917 and 1919.
Months later many continued to become Christians and were baptized in Hwangshien Church. Eventually there were so many that in a nearby port city, called Lung K’o (pu tong hua – Long Kou or Dragon’s Mouth), the Lung K’o Baptist church was opened on November 7, 1916 and Wiley was chosen to be pastor and had a wonderful reltiaonship with the church throughout his time in China. 
1932, the year following a huge calamity and famine where Wiley was once again a wonderful but overwhelmed and exhausted relief work, was one of the sweetest and most special years in Wiley’s work - revival broke out all around and numerous people came to Christ. There was incredible and deep confession of sin all around, people gained an incredible appreciation and zeal for the reading and spreading of the Truth, and many new students came to the seminary. This helped to prepare the people during the persecution when missionaries were forced to leave and financial support from abroad was taken away. (p. 156) 
Later, as Wiley was pastor of Tengchow church (Lottie Moons original post), revival continued to happen, church was packed even during freezing weather, and many came to Christ. One man noted – “Christ was made real and precious. Opium smokers were delivered from their bondage, the lost were saved, Christians became witnesses, and churches were established that were self-supporting from the first.” 
Years later hwanghsien came under Japanese control. Forty years of wonderful edcuction work in that area came to a close when the authorities demanded that all Christian schools be closed and Confucianism was the way of life. On top of this there forty years of hospital work with Warren Memorial Hospital was closed after Japanese declared they could only see patients with a permit yet allowed no patient to ever have a permit. 
Following this Wiley and Jessi, moved to Chefoo. These were some scarce times – about the only food in supply were potatoes and many churches and places were having to close and soon Wiley and all foreigners were assigned to housing units. They soon held services and Wiley was unamoinsly voted Pastor. Eventually they were on their way back to America. Wiley held services on the ship home to a great response. On November 1943 Wiley and Jessi arrived in New York. After Wiley turned seventy there were still many requests from missionaries on the field for him to return to help and preach to all the refugees in the communist overtaken worn torn country. Before he could return he began ministering to Chinese air cadets in training at Kelly Field, San Antonio, Texas. Many men were led to Christ. (p. 214). 
Unfortunately Wiley was not able to return to China because of the great communisist takeover and oppression. All foreigners were either made to leave or decided to on their own because of the problem it caused for Chinese Christians. “Sometimes family and others asked if had not thrown [his life away. Had all the labors in China gone down the drain? ‘No’, said, ‘I am completely satisfied with having given my life to mission work in China. I just wish I had another to give. Although church and mission buildings have been appropriated by the government or destroyed, God remains. And hundreds of thousands of people continue in him and in serving others in his name. The fires that now burn to destroy the Christian religion in China are the crucible of purification that will produce a more virile Christian church – a church that will bless the world in the years ahead.” (p. 218) Throughout the next few years of their lives Wiley and Jessi went around teaching, preaching, and sharing about China and missions wherever they could.
Memorial.
They eventually settled down in Fort Worth, Texas and it was to Wiley’s great joy to teach Sunday school at the Grambling church there. Jessi died on October 14, 1962. Wiley died on November 14, 1967. It was said that Wiley was like a rock in his convictions, and this quality brought stability to all whom he influenced. Withal he was gentle and loving. He was a great preacher. He could read and spoke the Chinese language so that the Chinese respected and loved him. Yet even the unlearned could understand him. He stood on higher ground.” (p. 223)

</doc>
<doc id="31211920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211920" title="Eglinton Trophy">
Eglinton Trophy

The Eglinton Trophy or Eglinton Testimonial is a Gothic style Sterling silver centrepiece presented by friends and admirers to the 13th Earl of Eglinton to commemorate the medieval re-enactment known as the 'Eglinton Tournament' held at Eglinton Castle, Kilwinning, North Ayrshire in 1839. At 4 foot 8 inch (140 cm) in height and 1600 ounces (45 kg) in weight it is one of the largest and most extravagant trophies of its kind.
History.
Fund raising.
A committee, including Lord Burghersh, and chaired by the Marquess of Londonderry, King of the Tournament, was formed to set up a subscription to "present Eglinton with a piece of plate, to commemorate the revival of the days of chivalry." Two hundred and thirty-nine people subscribed to the production of the trophy, each being limited to a maximum of twenty guineas (Circa £900 in modern terms).
Design and production.
The 4 foot 8 inch (140 cm) high trophy, weighing in at 1600 ounces (45 kg), was designed by Edmund Cotterill (1795–1860), made in a medieval Gothic style by Messrs. R & S Garrard, Silversmiths of London at a cost then of £1,775 (£78,277 in modern terms) and took four years to complete.
Edmund Cotterill was in charge of the design studio at Garrards in 1843 and at the time of the Empire Exhibition (1851) he was said to stand "at the head of the class of artists who model for silversmiths and his productions, annually exhibited at Messrs Garrard, have earned that house a celebrity which no other can equal". The trophy is formed from modelled and cast silver components which were assembled together to create the final piece.
The Eglinton Trophy has a Hallmark and is therefore silver and not silver plate, it rises from a wide crennelated base on the sides of which are located the shields bearing the coats of arms of the fourteen Knights of the Tournament; a fifteenth shield is blank and four of the shields are in alcoves that extend from the base, accompanied by swords, quills, coronets, laurel leaf crown, etc. The 4 foot 8 inch (140 cm) trophy rises up as a highly ornate Gothic pulpit sitting beneath a pinnacled canopy under which Jane Georgiana, Lady Seymour, the Queen of Beauty stands in the act of placing a wreath upon the brow of the Earl of Eglinton, Lord and victor of the Eglinton Tournament.
Beside the figure of the earl are the Knight Marshal, Sir Charles Montolieu Lamb, with a dismounted squire, and a halbardier, his escort and the presentation party. Two hunting dogs are also present, together with two pages, one male and one female, and a lady in waiting. The squire and the lady in waiting give the impression of exchanging glances. A coat of arms is also displayed on a shield behind Lady Seymour.
The glass case that covers the trophy has wooded framed sections and rises up from an ornately carved eight-sided wooden base emblazoned with four coats of arms, earls coronets, and with a silver engraved dedicatory shield. This base stands around 2 feet and 10 inches (85 cm) in height. The dedicatory shield reads 'Presented to Archibald, Earl of Eglinton, by the Visitors to the Eglinton Tournament held at Eglinton Castle. MDCCCXXXIX.'
The Hallmark.
A Hallmark is stamped on the base of the trophy, at the front. The Silver Standard Mark is a Lion passant indicating .925 purity, known as Sterling silver; the City Mark is an uncrowned Leopard indicating London as the city of manufacture, after the year 1822; the Maker's Mark is an 'RG' beneath a Crown, indicating R & S Garrard after 1835 when James Garrard retired. The Crown indicates that the company had become official Crown Jewellers, an honour conferred on them by Queen Victoria in 1843; the Date Letter however is a Gothic 'G' for the year 1842; and finally the Duty Mark stamp of Queen Victoria's head indicating that duty was paid on the item and that it was made before 1890.
The apparent disparity in dates just reflects the fact that the trophy was returned from the Assay Office in 1842 and finally assembled, completed and stamped by the maker for delivery to the committee and its presention to the earl in 1843. The Maker's Mark is not in alignment with the official Hallmark, lying slightly above.
Use.
The trophy, presented to Archibald Montgomerie, 13th Earl of Eglinton in 1843, was originally housed within the library at Eglinton Castle and later at the Ayr County Hall in Ayr. It was featured and illustrated in "The Illustrated London News" of June 1843. The trophy is now kept, housed within its original glass and wood case, in Cunninghame House, headquarters of North Ayrshire Council, having been loaned to the people of Ayrshire by the 14th Earl it is however still the property of the present Earl of Eglinton.
For a while during the construction of the headquarters of the then Cunninghame District Council it was housed at 'Wellwood' the home of the Irvine Burns Club and the official Royal Burgh of Irvine Museum.
It was moved to the Eglinton Country Park visitor centre in 1989 for the re-enactment that marked 150 years since the tournament and was also loaned to the Victoria and Albert Museum. It is insured by North Ayrshire Council for an undisclosed, but considerable sum, and was lent to East Ayrshire Council for a short time in 2011 (April 30 to August 20) as the centrepiece to an exhibition of James Henry Nixons (1802–1857) Eglinton Tournament prints at the Dick Institute in Kilmarnock.
The trophy is of great significance to the local and social history of the area and can be viewed by small groups during normal working hours by prior arrangement, after going through appropriate security procedures. 
Other Eglinton Tournament trophies.
A second silver trophy was presented to the Earl by 300 citizens of Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="31211940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211940" title="Xochimilco Ecological Park and Plant Market">
Xochimilco Ecological Park and Plant Market

Xochimilco Ecological Park and Plant Market is a natural reserve or park, with a thirteen hectare plant market, the largest in Latin America. The park and market are located in the southern Mexico City borough of Xochimilco, about 23 km south of the historic center of the city. The park was inaugurated in 1993, on chinampas (artificial lake islands) which had been previously declared as part of a World Heritage site. However, the area’s ecology was badly degraded, and the park was established in order to revitalize and preserve the ecosystem. Success has been mixed. While much of the wetlands have been recharged, pollution and illegal settlements in the area remain as threats. As the park needs to be self-sustaining economically, there are a number of ways that the park raises money. One of the best known of these is the Xochimilco or Cuemanco Plant Market, which rents stalls to ornamental plant producers/sellers near the main entrance of the park.
Description of the park.
The park extends over 215 hectares of area in the borough of Xochimilco, 23 km south of the historic center of Mexico City, between the Calle de Miramontes and the headquarters of the Secretary of the Navy . This area of Xochimilco is known as Cuemanco, and for that reason, the park and market are also sometimes referred to with this name. The population around the area is a mix of urban, semi urban and rural settlements. No one is permitted to live in the park. It is the largest park in Mexico City after Chapultepec, and considered to be one of the “lungs” of Mexico City. The park is divided by the Anillo Periférico, with the section north of the road smaller than the southern section.
The park has agreements with the public schools and receives 150,000 school children each year.
Much of the park’s territory is dedicated to chinampas. Chinampas are artificial islands created on the shallow waters of the lakes starting in the pre Hispanic period. These islands began as rafts made with tree branches and other materials, which were then loaded with soil and mud from the lake bottom and tied to ahuejote or other kinds of trees to anchor them. Over time, these rafts would sink and pile up on the shallow lake bottom and eventually become fixed islands. As these islands multiplied in number, they became separated by canals, which are necessary to keep a constant supply of water to the chinampa. The canals of the parks were created by this method. In the past, chinampas were primarily used for the growing of foodstuffs, but today, most of what is raised is ornamental plants. Much of ecological system was restored over a five-year period, then the area opened as a park in 1993 in order to create tourism, hinder the urbanization of the area and to preserve the local ecology. Most of the park’s area an aquatic environment of lake, canal or chinampa with some forested areas, much of it planted with ahuejotes, pines and eucalyptus . Most of these chinampas have been transformed into “agro-ecological” land, meaning it is an ecological preserve and farmland at the same time. This area extends from Cuemanco to Mixquic in the Tláhuac borough, all connected by a series of canals. These are what made Xochimilco a World Heritage Site. The aim of this area is to preserve an environment known to the Aztecs over 500 years ago.
In addition to the chinampas, restoration efforts expanded a lake to 54 hectares and created two smaller artificial ones of about a hectare each. Facing these waterways is the Cuemanco embarcadero (docks) from which trajinera boats depart, near the best-preserved chinampas in Xochimilco. Trajineras are flat bottomed barges similar to gondolas. These were used in the past to move merchandise around the vast lake and canal system of the Valley of Mexico. Today, most are used for tourism. Tourist trajineras have been somewhat modified from ancient ones with the addition of a roof for shade, tables and chairs for picnicking and a large brightly decorated arch, often with a woman’s name over top. In October and November for Day of the Dead, the Cuemanco embarcadero hosts a play about La Llorona, a spectre said to roam parts of Mexico at night looking for her children. The play is called Cihuacóatl, Leyenda de la Llorona.” This version of the story is based on an old goddess of the area called Cihuacóatl, whose story is similar to the current folk tale. Spectators are taken from the embarcadero to the Tlilac Lake on trajineras along canals with light and sound effects. The play takes place on a chinampa in the lake. These boats, along with the associated plant market, are the best-known features of the park.
The park is divided into four areas: Recreational, the Xochilta Garden, the Bird Sanctuary and the Botanical Garden. The park has a number of other attractions. There is an two greenhouses, bicycle and jogging paths, the Cuemanco canal for rowing, a small zoo, an aviary managed by SEDESOL, an area with archeological artifacts, enclosures for deer and coyotes in rehabilitation, playgrounds, 35 fields and courts for sports and areas for picnicking with palapas. The park’s information center has displays related to the flora and fauna of the area. Although the park is owned by the city, it is managed by a private civil association called the Patronato del Parque Ecológico de Xochimilco Asociación Civil, with the aim of making the park self-sustaining economically. There is an entrance fee of twenty pesos, and bicycles, ATVs and boats available to rent. The plant market is also part of this, as stalls are rented out to sellers.
One of the park’s functions is to provide shelter for wildlife. The most iconic species to Xochimilco is the axolotl, salamander species considered to be an incarnation of a god by the Aztecs because of its ability to regrow certain body parts. This animal is highly endangered and in fact is no longer found wild in the canals of Xochimilco. It is kept from extinction through the efforts of organizations such as Umbral Axochiatl, which works in conjunction with the Instituto de Biología de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM) These have facilities at the park. Other research facilities include a meteorology station and a laboratory to test the soil and water.
More successful as been the preservation of areas to host bird species, both those that live in the area year-round and those who migrate here in the winter. Many are seen on the large lake, called Huetzalen. The waters contain reeds, another plant called chacatules, often used in crafts, aquatic birds, insects and fish. The area is very quiet, especially compared to the urban area which nearly surrounds it. Migratory birds can be seen in the area starting in October, but the best time to see them is between December and April. Registered birds include sparrows, grackles, storks, hummingbirds, eagles, herons, moorhens and egrets. There are 15 species of ducks both native and migratory.
Another migratory bird seen in the winter is the great egret, which grows to up to a meter in height. Some rare birds which have been seen here include the common kestrel, the osprey and certain types of owl. The most commonly observed migratory species is the American white pelican, which was not seen in the area before the lake and canals were restored. However, this species has only been seen in numbers since the 2000s, with 500 reported as of 2009. These birds migrate here from Canada and the northern US. Another important species is the kingfisher, which was earlier thought to be extinct in the area, but has been seen again.
One drawback of the park is its lack of mature shade trees as they were planted when the park was founded in the 1990s. The park’s ecology remains in danger from pollution associated with urban sprawl. The water is contaminated by sewerage and household garbage, damaging flora, driving away wildlife and risking the health of surrounding residents.
The Cuemanco Plant Market.
The Xochimilco Plant Market, also called the Cuemanco Market, sits on an extension of 13 hectares of park land near the main entrance on Canal Nacional, where it crosses the Anillo Períferico Oriente. This live plant market and warehouse is the largest of its type in Latin America . It is the main money making operation of the ecological park, renting out 1,700 stalls to sellers of live plants and related items, much the same way as Mexican traditional markets. Most of the sellers are producers. However, only about 600 stalls are active selling points, the rest are empty or used for storage.
The most important related products made and sold at the market are flowerpots and vases. As the growing of ornamental plants is a relatively new phenomenon for Xochimilco, so is the making of these wares. Many craftsmen taught themselves how to create them. Most are made from traditional ceramics, but some are made with other materials including recycled ones. Most are made by the sellers themselves and painted in bright colors and/or decorated with pebbles, crystals and other items.
In addition to the plant vending areas, there is also a cactus garden and an areas with restaurants. The market has at least seven stands with serve beer without the necessary permits and have been accused of selling to underage students, from the three universities and prepas near the area – UAM Xochimilco, ITESM-CCM and Colegio de Bachilleres#4. A number attract student patrons by playing popular music on large loudspeakers. These stands are particularly popular with students on Fridays.
Although the installation of the market and other money making operations have proven to be successful, this plant market did have financial and operating difficulties in 2001. The financial difficulties were associated with losses in the funds destined for improvements and repairs. One reason for this was that a large number of the stalls had not yet been rented. Another problem was ongoing disputes between plant sellers and the then manager of the market, which required intervention by borough authorities. This market is the largest in Xochimilco but there are several others in the borough also dedicated to plants. These include Madreselva in the Bosque de Nativitas, Mercado Xochimilco, the Palacio de la Flor and the historic market of the San Luis Tlaxialtemalco community.
History.
Much of the area of the park has been chinampa land since the pre Hispanic period. Xochimilco is one of few areas left in the Valley of Mexico that still has a significant number of chinampas. The area was declared a biological reserve by the Mexican government in 1984 and a World Heritage Site in 1987 by UNESCO .
Until 1988, the park land had been privately owned. However, the area had severely degraded with lakes and canals going dry and the salinity and pollution of the remaining water making farming nearly impossible. The pollution was primarily coming from the Buenaventura River, with carried with it dirty waters from other rivers in the south of the city. By the 1980s, these chinampa farmers had been prohibited from growing any edible plants on their lands.
The city and federal governments conceived and began to implement a plan to save Mexico City’s remaining chinampas called the Xochimilco Ecological Rescue Plan (Plan de Rescate Ecológico de Xochimilco), the center of which was the establishment of the park. The goal the project is to restore the chinampa ecosystem here to what it was during the Aztec Empire and then preserve them that way. The area was recharged with treated water to reinvigorate and create much of the surface water that is there today. Native vegetation was brought in by biologists and botanists. To restore soils, much of the sanitary debris from the 1985 earthquake and soils dug from the building of the Metro was brought in. 
After five years of work, the park was opened to the public in 1993. Eight years after its establishment, it already had 240,000 trees and 500,000 other kinds of plants over 210 hectares. However, expropriation of the land was fought by the chinampa owners for years after it occurred. The most problematic time for the park was in 2001, eight years after its opening. Despite major investments and efforts into restoration, there were still very serious contamination problems and a number of ejido lands that had been appropriated in the 1980s, were given back to owners by the courts. The setback caused a number of local organizations to denounce the project as a failure and demand that then Mexico City mayor Andrés Manuel López Obrador investigate. 
Since then the park has managed to survive and be self-sustaining. However, serious environmental problems continue to plague that park and the rest of chinampa lands in Xochimilco. Pollution of the waters in the lakes canals continue to be serious, as sewerage and household garbage finds its way into the water. However, the most pressing problem is invasions of chinampa land by illegal settlements. In 2004 and 2007, families who had been swindled into illegally buying lands in the park lost their homes as they were evicted. Many people living illegally on the land have organized to put political pressure on authorities to let them remain with mixed success. The fact that there are still illegal settlements in the park, which is land designated as a World Heritage site has put the borough at odds with UNESCO. UNESCO wants all illegal settlements out in order to preserve the site’s status but borough officials claim this would not be feasible.

</doc>
<doc id="31211971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211971" title="Satguru Ramsingh Marg metro station">
Satguru Ramsingh Marg metro station

The Satguru Ram Singh Marg () Metro Station is located on the Green Line of the Delhi Metro. 

</doc>
<doc id="31211987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211987" title="Mortgagebot">
Mortgagebot

Mortgagebot is an online mortgage-handling platform used by banks and credit unions. Mortgagebot is used by regulated banks and credit unions in the United States.
History.
In 1997, Mortgagebot was formed as the mortgage subsidiary of M&I Bank. The bank's consumer-direct system for taking mortgage applications was originally developed to enable M&I's mortgage business to take advantage of the growth of the Internet.
In 2001, Mortgagebot was spun off from M&I Bank in a management-led buyout.
In April, 2011, Davis + Henderson acquired Mortgagebot LLC.
In 2014, D+H Mortgagebot became D+H.
Mortgagebot is currently used by 1,400 banks and credit unions nationwide, which originate over $150 billion in mortgage applications annually.

</doc>
<doc id="31212002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212002" title="Qurbani Jatt Di">
Qurbani Jatt Di

Qurbani Jatt Di (Punjabi: ਕੁਰਬਾਨੀ ਜੱਟ ਦੀ) is a 1990 Punjabi action film produded by Hemavati Sapru and directed by Priti Sapru.
Plot.
Sucha Singh (Dharmendra) attempts to stop Joginder, who is the father of his sister-in-law, Jeeto (Priti Sapru), from sexually molesting Kamli, a physical confrontation ensues, resulting in the death of Joginder. Sucha is arrested, tried in Court, and sentenced to life in prison.
Jeeto's three brothers Jora(Yograj Singh), Nara(Gugu Gill) & Dheera ( Deep Dhillon) not satisfied with this, of deceased attempt to break-up Jeeto's marriage with Jagroop(Raj Babbar), and also prevent her look-alike sister, Preeto, from getting married to Sucha's brother Karamjeet(Gurdas Maan), setting off a feud that will result in more acrimony, and many more deaths. Dheera (Deep Dhillon) shot Jagroop (Raj Babbar) with a gun and then Karamjeet (Gurdas Maan) beat him up and then Dheera (Deep Dhillon) got arrested and then went to the prison.

</doc>
<doc id="31212015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212015" title="William Dickson (footballer born 1923)">
William Dickson (footballer born 1923)

William Dickson, also known as Bill Dickson or Billy Dickson (15 March 1923 – June 2002) was a Northern Irish footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a wing half.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Lurgan, Dickson began his career with hometown club Glenavon, before moving to England in November 1945 to sign with Notts County. Dickson also played in England for Chelsea, Arsenal and Mansfield Town, making a total of 170 appearances in the Football League for all four clubs. Dickson retired due to a shoulder injury in 1957, before returning briefly to play with first club Glenavon in January 1958.
International career.
Dickson earned a total of twelve caps for Northern Ireland between 1951 and 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31212020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212020" title="Janet Chvatal">
Janet Chvatal

Janet Marie Chvatal (born 26 September 1964 in Boynton Beach, Florida) is an American classical soprano and musical theatre singer, director and author, best known for her production and charity work in Germany and for her creation of the role of the legendary Empress Elisabeth of Austria in the world-premiere of the German musical "Ludwig2".
Biography.
Chvatal grew up in Beaverton, Oregon, and attended Boston University College of Fine Arts on a four-year music scholarship from 1982 to 1986. At Boston University she trained in opera and lieder under Robert Gartside and attended master classes with Leonard Bernstein and José van Dam. In 1986 she graduated from Boston University "summa cum laude". In 1987, Chvatal achieved one of Rotary International's Ambassadorial Scholarships for international study abroad and attended the program for graduate studies in opera at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna, along with private lessons from Carol Mayo.
In 1988 and 1989 Chvatal took first place in two national vocal competitions in the U.S. and moved to Paris for a year-long apprenticeship with French coloratura soprano, Mady Mesplé. 
Her professional debut came in 1984 as Louisa in the 25th anniversary of the longest running musical on Broadway, "The Fantasticks". She made her European debut in Vienna as Christine Daaé in Andrew Lloyd Webber's "The Phantom of the Opera" from 1990 until 1992. Between 1991 and 1993, Chvatal appeared as a guest in leading roles in opera, concert and in recital in the U.S., France, England and Austria. Swedish composer composed the piece "Miroirs" for Chvatal in 1991, which was premiered by Chvatal at the Helsingborg Swedish Music Festival.
From 1994 until 2004 she appeared in the USA, Canada and throughout Europe in duo with classical guitarist Scott Kritzer, including highlight performances at the Kennedy Center in Washington D.C. and the Festhalle Frankfurt, Germany. She appeared in gala performances with the stars of "Riverdance", the Gipsy Kings and with the Cirque du Soleil.
In 2003, Chvatal was a special guest with Gino Vannelli and his orchestra at the Montreal International Jazz Festival and appeared on his CD "Canto" which was featured on CBC in Canada.
In 2005, for the world-premiere of the musical "Ludwig2", written by Rolf Rettburg, and composed by Christopher Franke, Nic Raine and Konstantin Wecker, Chvatal created the leading role of the historical empress of Austria, known as "Sissi". The musical "Ludwig2" is based on the life of Ludwig II of Bavaria and celebrated its premiere in the Musiktheater Füssen, directly across from Neuschwanstein Castle. Chvatal re-visited the role in Kempten, Germany, for the 2011 production.
Productions and charity events.
Chvatal's transition from performer to author and producer began in 1998 with the establishment of her own music label, Miramont Records, together with Scott Kritzer and Todd Hutchinson. Between 1998 and 2004, Chvatal produced a number of concerts and CD recordings in the USA and Canada. In 2004 she was engaged as production-coordinator for the world-premiere of the musical "Ludwig2" in Germany, where she had the opportunity to work with Disney director and choreographer Sylvia Hase, Irish director Conall Morrison, and stage designer Michael Curry.
Starting in 2005, Chvatal began a campaign through southern Germany to raise her audiences' awareness of the need to support charity organizations with a series of concerts and appearances in hospitals around the region. She raised funds for initiatives such as the Children's Cancer Help and Little Smiles Sri-Lanka, and in December 2005 produced a gala for the 25th anniversary of Karlheinz Böhm's charity organization "People for People", with guest appearances by Konstantin Wecker, Christine Kaufmann and a team of over 200 dancers, singers and musicians.
Since 2008, together with stage partner, Marc Gremm, and under the name of "Janet & Marc", Chvatal and Gremm have created numerous CD recordings and stage productions, including open-air concerts, film and opera galas and special charity events with their company, Suite 31 Productions.
In 2009, Chvatal began campaigning for similar charity causes in the USA, including benefit concerts for the Edwards Center and for the music program in her hometown gradeschool in Oregon.
From 2009 until 2011, Chvatal and Gremm directed a charity concert series for the Neuschwanstein Castle in Bavaria, entitled "Abendmusik".
In February 2012, Chvatal authored the award-winning musical, "", based upon the myths of the Tannheim valley in the Austrian Alps. The musical was produced by Chvatal and Gremm and premiered in Tirol, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="31212024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212024" title="Free Libyan Air Force">
Free Libyan Air Force

The Free Libyan Air Force () was the air force of the National Transitional Council, a collection of defected Loyalist Military personnel and captured aircraft that aligned themselves with the anti-Gaddafi forces in the Libyan civil war.
Operations.
On 13 March 2011, Ali Atiyya, a colonel of the Libyan Air Force at the Mitiga military airport, near Tripoli defected and joined the revolution. This is the earliest reference to the anti-Gaddafi forces having Air Force personnel. Later on 16 March, as many as four MiG-21 fighter jets landed at Benghazi airport and joined the rebel forces; one of the MiG-21s crashed near Benina airport on the following day.
The Free Libyan Air Force showed itself for the first time in 15 March, launching an attack with a MiG-23 and a helicopter, sinking two pro-Gaddafi warships off the eastern coast near the front line of land battles at Adjabiya. Beforehand, the same aircraft also bombed an unspecified number of loyalist tanks near Brega and Ajdabiya. The same day, it was reported that Sirte's Gardabya Airport had its runways bombed by Free Libyan Air Force jets.
On 19 March, a MiG-23 was shot down during the Second Battle of Benghazi. Media reports were initially confused, until a spokesman confirmed that the plane belonged to the rebels. 
A pro-Gaddafi spokesman said that the rebels had violated the UN no-fly zone. A rebel spokesman claimed the aircraft was shot down by pro-Gaddafi forces. Finally, BBC News reported on 20 March that the rebel aircraft was shot down by friendly fire, and the pilot, Colonel Mohammed Mbarak al-Okaili, was killed after ejecting too late.
Another rebel jet was downed the same day, though no further information was given and it is possible that it is the plane lost on 22 March.
On 22 March, a pilot of the Free Libyan Air Force, Colonel Fakhri Alsalabi, flew his jet into Bab Al Azizia in an apparent suicide mission, causing extensive damage and leading to rumors of Khamis Gaddafi's death, who later was proven to have survived unharmed.
A total of 38 combat missions were flown by jet and helicopter pilots of the Free Libyan Air Force throughout March until the No Fly Zone was imposed, effectively grounding the small air force. Nine of these strikes were carried out by the rebels three Mi-35 helicopters gunships against Gaddafi's armoured columns advancing on Benghazi, one of which was destroyed.
On 9 April, a single rebel Mi-25 helicopter was seen flying over Ajdabiya and was claimed shot down by government forces. That same day, a rebel MiG-23 fighter was intercepted by NATO aircraft and escorted back to its base.
On 27 June 2011, three Free Libyan Air Force MiG-21s, one two seater and two single seaters were photographed over Benina Airport in Benghazi.
Later in the conflict, as supplies were being flown in to areas of Libya besieged by Gaddafi loyalists, MiG-21 fighter jets under opposition control escorted the supply planes to protect them from loyalist attack.
After gaining permission from NATO, an AN-26 and BAE-146 of the Free Libyan Air Force flew from Libya for the 2011 Malta International Air Show on 24 and 25 September, joining the two Mirage F1s already stationed there. Libyan Air Force Brigadier General Mohammed Rajab conducted a ceremony where the Libyan Air Force green roundels on the Mirage F1s were replaced by the FLAF tricolour roundel, followed by the aircraft conducting the first foreign display by the FLAF. It was revealed at the airshow that the BAE-146 had been used for 32 covert flights during the conflict in spite of the no-fly zone, landing on desert roads to supply ammunition and transport injured rebels to hospital. The aircraft had been commanded by Capt Ali Samoussi. The Libyan Ambassador, Saadun Suayeh, was present, and described the replacement of the roundels as a moment of "pride, joy and honour", and expressed his hope that the aircraft would soon return to Libya.
On 23 October, three FLAF Mi-14's conducted a flypast at the declaration of national liberation ceremony in Benghazi overseen by Mustafa Abdul Jalil.
During the 2012 Sabha clashes a Free Libyan Air Force MiG-21bis and MiG-21UM were deployed to the area.
On April 11, 2012 a Free Libyan Air Force Mi-8T(cn8335) crashed on takeoff at Murzuq Airport after being overloaded. All 25 people on board survived though.
On April 12, 2012, a Free Libyan Air Force Mirage F1ED(cn502) crashed near Kasr El Hamrouniya Ben Gashir. The pilot was apparently killed in the crash. This accident is unconfirmed.
Following the near complete destruction of the Libyan air force by NATO bombing, the Free Libyan Air Force has since effectively become the new Libyan Air Force. It is unknown whether or not the Free Libyan air force exists still or if it is now totally integrated as part of the Libyan Air Force.
On 20 June 2012 the Air Force Chief of Staff, Saqr Geroushi, announced plans for the rebuilding of the Libyan Air Force. The plans included proposals for the purchase of two squadrons of French Rafale fighter aircraft, a number of French F1-Mirage jets, British Eurofighter Typhoons, and American C-130 Hercules cargo planes and Chinook helicopters.
The Free Libyan Air Force is looking to acquire up to 22 medium to heavy lift helicopters for cargo and troop ferrying. Known contenders are the Mil Mi-26 Halo, AgustaWestland AW101, and Boeing CH-47D/F Chinnok.

</doc>
<doc id="31212027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212027" title="Davis Square statues">
Davis Square statues

The Davis Square statues, entitled "Ten Figures", are life-sized cast masonry public sculpture, created by James Tyler, located in Davis Square, Somerville, Massachusetts at and near the Davis, Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority subway station. The statues are based on people that lived near Davis Square in the 1980s. In 1996 bronze "masks" were added to the sculptures to repair vandalism damage and deter future vandalism.
Arts on the Line.
The sculptures were created as a part of the MBTA and the Cambridge Arts Council's Arts on the Line program. This first of its kind program was devised to bring art into the MBTA's planned Northwest Extension of the Red Line subway stations in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and became a model for similar drives for public art across the country. The statues were one of 20 artworks created for this program, out of over 400 proposals submitted by artists for artworks spread out across five different newly created subway stations. The first 20 artworks, including this one, were completed with a total cost of $695,000 USD, or one-half of one percent of the total construction cost of the Red Line Northwest Extension.
History.
The statues in Davis Square are all based on actual people that lived in or around the square. For instance, one of the statues is of an elderly man and woman standing arm in arm; it depicts a couple who owned a little restaurant. "They were the nicest people you'd ever meet in your whole life." says a woman who knew them, "If you didn't have a dime, you could still get a nice dinner for nothing."
The statues are composed of cast masonry, and were all originally located in one plaza, in front of J.P. Licks and a Store 24, but in 1996, the Somerville Arts Council, in conjunction with the city, chose to move the statues to their current locations all across Davis Square, in front of subway stations, and in other small parks nearby. Also in 1996 bronze "masks" were added to the statues. Steven Post states, “the statues were meant to be ‘temporary’ in that they were not made of bronze. Vandals destroyed some of the faces of the statues over the years, so the artist and the city decided to replace the faces with the bronze ‘mask’ that the statues all now ‘wear’.”

</doc>
<doc id="31212030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212030" title="Chana Bloch">
Chana Bloch

Chana Bloch (born March 15, 1940, Bronx, NY) is an American poet, translator, and scholar. She is a professor emerita of English at Mills College in Oakland, California. 
Life and work.
Bloch earned her B.A. from Cornell University, her M.A. degrees in Judaic Studies and English literature from Brandeis University, and a Ph.D. in English from the University of California at Berkeley. She taught at Mills College for over thirty years and directed their Creative Writing Program. Bloch has held residencies at the Bellagio Center for Scholars and Artists, the MacDowell Colony, Yaddo and the Djerassi Resident Artists Program. She has given lectures and poetry readings at numerous U.S. colleges and universities.
Bloch has published four collections of her poetry: "The Secrets of the Tribe", "The Past Keeps Changing", "Mrs. Dumpty" and "Blood Honey". Her work has been published in "The New Yorker", "Atlantic Monthly", "The Nation" and included in "Best American Poetry", "The Pushcart Prize" and other anthologies. She is the poetry editor of "Persimmon Tree", an online journal of the arts by women over sixty.
She is co-translator, with Ariel Bloch, of "The Song of Songs". She translated "The Selected Poetry of Yehuda Amichai" with Stephen Mitchell, and Amichai's "Open Closed Open", as well as "Hovering at a Low Altitude: The Collected Poetry of Dahlia Ravikovitch" with Chana Kronfeld. Bloch is also the author of the critical study, "Spelling the Word: George Herbert and the Bible".
"Chana's Story", a song cycle by David Del Tredici based on her work, premiered at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco. Jorge Liderman's cantata, "The Song of Songs", based on her translation, was performed by the San Francisco Contemporary Music Players and the UC Berkeley Chamber Chorus at Cal Performances.
Bloch won the Poetry Society of America's Di Castagnola Award for "Blood Honey"; the Felix Pollak Prize in Poetry for "Mrs. Dumpty"; and the PEN Award for Poetry in Translation, together with Chana Kronfeld, for "Open Closed Open". Her translation of the Song of Songs was named as a "Times Literary Supplement" Book of the Year. Her awards include two fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts, in poetry and in translation, a fellowship from the National Endowment for the Humanities, two Pushcart Prizes, and the Discovery Award of the 92nd Street Y Poetry Center.
She has lived in Berkeley, California since 1967. She has two grown sons, Benjamin and Jonathan, from her marriage to Ariel Bloch, a former professor of Semitic Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley. She married Dave Sutter in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31212031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212031" title="Geometric finiteness">
Geometric finiteness

In geometry, a group of isometries of hyperbolic space is called geometrically finite if it has a well-behaved fundamental domain. A hyperbolic manifold is called geometrically finite if it can be described in terms of geometrically finite groups.
Geometrically finite polyhedra.
A convex polyhedron "C" in hyperbolic space is called geometrically finite if its closure in the conformal compactification of hyperbolic space has the following property:
For example, every polyhedron with a finite number of faces is geometrically finite. In hyperbolic space of dimension at most 2, every geometrically finite polyhedron has a finite number of sides, but there are geometrically finite polyhedra in dimensions 3 and above with infinitely many sides. For example, in Euclidean space R"n" of dimension "n"≥2 there is a polyhedron "P" with an infinite number of sides. The upper half plane model of "n"+1 dimensional hyperbolic space in R"n"+1 projects to R"n", and the inverse image of "P" under this projection is a geometrically finite polyhedron with an infinite number of sides. 
A geometrically finite polyhedron has only a finite number of cusps, and all but finitely many sides meet one of the cusps.
Geometrically finite groups.
A discrete group "G" of isometries of hyperbolic space is called geometrically finite if it has a fundamental domain "C" that is convex, geometrically finite, and exact (every face is the intersection of "C" and "gC" for some "g" ∈ "G") .
In hyperbolic spaces of dimension at most 3, every exact, convex, fundamental polyhedron for a geometrically finite group has only a finite number of sides, but in dimensions 4 and above there are examples with an infinite number of sides .
In hyperbolic spaces of dimension at most 2, finitely generated discrete groups are geometrically finite, but showed that there are examples of finitely generated discrete groups in dimension 3 that are not geometrically finite.
Geometrically finite manifolds.
A hyperbolic manifold is called geometrically finite if it has a finite number of components, each of which is the quotient of hyperbolic space by a geometrically finite discrete group of isometries .

</doc>
<doc id="31212039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212039" title="Guozhou">
Guozhou

Guozhou or Guo Prefecture may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31212046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212046" title="NurseFinders">
NurseFinders

NurseFinders is a chain of temporary healthcare employment agencies with branches around the United States that make assignments between nurses, allied health professionals, caregivers, and other similar professionals and clients. The organization works to keep costs down for the client by providing high quality local healthcare professionals at a competitive price.
Company information.
Nursefinders started in 1974, and since then has often changed hands.
In 1997, the company was sold by the Personnel Group of America to an investment group for $65.25 million.
In 2003, Robert E. Livonius became the CEO. He replaced Michael Sinclair, who had been the acting CEO since 2002. Both had been with the company for longer in other roles.
In 2007, the company was purchased by Miami-based National Healthcare Staffing.
In 2010, the company was acquired by San Diego-based AMN Healthcare Services for $220 million.
In 2012, the company-owned locations of Nursefinders Home Care, the home health division of the company, was acquired by BAYADA Home Health Care of Moorestown, New Jersey for $9.6 million.

</doc>
<doc id="31212060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212060" title="Thomas Watson-Wentworth">
Thomas Watson-Wentworth

The Hon. Thomas Watson (17 June 1665 – 6 October 1723) (later Watson-Wentworth, the third son of Edward Watson, 2nd Baron Rockingham) 
married Alice, a daughter of Sir Thomas Proby, 1st Baronet.
In 1695 Watson inherited the fortune of the Earl of Strafford, including the Wentworth Woodhouse estate, as the son of second earl's sister Anne. This was in preference to the earl's nearer relative, Thomas Wentworth, and led to a fierce rivalry between the two men and their families. In recognition of the bequest, Watson adopted the name Wentworth, becoming Thomas Watson-Wentworth thereafter.
He was a Member of Parliament for the Malton constituency from 1713 until 1722 and for Higham Ferrers in 1703–1714 and from 1722 until his death.
He has a monument in York Minster.
One of his sons was Thomas Watson-Wentworth, 1st Marquess of Rockingham, KB, PC (I) (13 November 1693 – 14 December 1750, a British peer and Whig politician.

</doc>
<doc id="31212086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212086" title="Boychinovtsi Municipality">
Boychinovtsi Municipality

Boychinovtsi Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the transition between the Danubian Plain and the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan. It is named after its administrative centre – the town of Boychinovtsi.
The municipality embraces a territory of 307.32 km² with a population of 9,137 inhabitants, as of February 2011.
Ogosta river, a right tributary of the Danube, flows through the area from southwest to northeast.
Settlements.
Boychinovtsi Municipality includes the following 13 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. Since 1992 Boychinovtsi Municipality has comprised the former municipality of Lehchevo and the numbers in the table reflect this unification.

</doc>
<doc id="31212117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212117" title="Silicon valley association of startup entrepreneurs">
Silicon valley association of startup entrepreneurs

Silicon Valley Association of Startup Entrepreneurs (SVASE) is a Silicon Valley nonprofit dedicated to fostering entrepreneurship. SVASE currently operated virtually in Silicon Valley, with an assciate membership exceeding 11,000. SVASE is closely affiliated with the Silcion Valley entrepreneur and investor communities, and is recognized as an important networking forum for entrepreneurs. SVASE's speakers and sponsors are drawn from nearly every early stage venture capital firm, angel group and legal firm in Silicon Valley.
Overview.
SVASE was founded in 1995 in Silicon Valley by a group of aspiring entrepreneurs, with roots in the software industry. There are currently more than 11,000 members. SVASE's mission is to foster entrepreneurship through mentoring, networking, and education. Dedicated to the virtuous cycle of wealth creation and giving back to the community, SVASE’s focus is on generating and nurturing our next generation of entrepreneurs.
Membership.
SVASE has several tiers of membership, including: Charter Members, Individual Members, Corporate Members, International Members, and Student Members. Charter Members have achieved significant success in the Silicon Valley business community.
Activities.
SVASE hosts a variety of events for entrepreneurs to network with successful startup founders and potential investors, and to learn about the best practices for becoming a success themselves.
Prominent Participants in SVASE activities.
Corporate Sponsors have included: Microsoft, HP, Adobe, Silicon Valley Bank, Bridge Bank, PWC, Ernst & Young, Applied Materials, Deloitte & Touche, SAP,
Venture Capital Sponsors have included: Garage Technology Ventures, DFJ, Claremont Creek Ventures, Woodside Fund

</doc>
<doc id="31212135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212135" title="Mario Núñez">
Mario Núñez

Mario Núñez (born March 2, 1976 in Rancagua, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Magallanes of the Primera B in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31212140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212140" title="Differdange Castle">
Differdange Castle

Differdange Castle (), located on a hill in the centre of Differdange in southern Luxembourg, was built in 1577 although an earlier fortified castle of Differdange dates from around 1310. Today's residential castle is used by Miami University.
History.
The first lord of Differdange Castle was Wilhelm, brother of the Lord of Soleuvre, who is mentioned in documents from 1310 when he owned a fortified castle. However, the lords of Differdange lasted only until the death of Wilhelm's grandson around the year 1400. When Soleuvre Castle burnt down in 1552, the owner Anna von Insenburg decided not to repair it but to build a Renaissance-style residential castle in Differdange serving both Soleuvre and Differdange.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the castle came into the hands of the local steel industry, now Arcelor Mittal who used it as a hotel and a restaurant for its staff.
Architecture.
Differdange Castle is probably the earliest example in Luxembourg of a château built entirely in the Renaissance style. It was originally intended both as a residence and a fortification with a moat and draw-bridge (now both removed) as well as loop-holes. It is constructed fully in accordance with the principles of Renaissance architecture, especially the use of the square both for the courtyard (15 by 15 metres) and the outer walls of the three buildings (30 by 30 metres) which surround it. The rectangular cross-framed windows are typlical of the period. The octagonal towers which are slightly higher than the central building provide balance between the horizontal and vertical dimensions.
The castle today.
Since 1997, the castle has been let to Miami University for use as its Miami University Dolibois European Center, a European teaching centre providing students with "a living history for their European experience". The center is named in honour of former American Ambassador to Luxembourg, John E. Dolibois.

</doc>
<doc id="31212188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212188" title="Policía Canaria">
Policía Canaria

The Policía Canaria are the police force of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands, Spain. It was formed in 2010 by Paulino Rivero, the President of the Canary Islands.
Role.
The "Ley del Cuerpo General de la Policía Canaria" (), passed on 28 May 2008 by the Parliament of the Canary Islands, states that the functions of the police force include the guarding and protection of people, bodies, buildings, facilities and units of the autonomous community and its instrumental bodies, and to ensure compliance with the regulations and orders issued by the organs of the community, among others.
This regional police work consists of the General Police Corps Canaria and the local police bodies of the 88 municipalities canaries. The hundred agents configured promotion pimera General Body only.
One hundred agents, 92 men and 8 women, made up the first promotion of Police Canary in a presentation ceremony held on June 30 of 2010 at the Academy of Security Canaria Santa Cruz de Tenerife, the regional president said that this was only the first step in a deployment that will reach 1,700 officers in several phases.
His first mission was to celebrate the Festival of the Virgen de las Nieves, on the island of La Palma.
According to the Law of the General Police Canaria, adopted on 28 May 2008 by the Parliament of the Canary Islands, the functions of the police force include the surveillance and protection of persons, bodies and buildings, establishments and units autonomous community and its instrumental bodies, and ensure compliance with the provisions and orders issued by the bodies unique community, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="31212194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212194" title="USCGC Point Hudson (WPB-82322)">
USCGC Point Hudson (WPB-82322)

USCGC "Point Hudson" (WPB-82322) was an Point class cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland in 1961 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1961 was not to name cutters under in length, it was designated as "WPB-82322" when commissioned and acquired the name "Point Hudson" in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than .
Construction and design details.
"Point Hudson" was built to accommodate an 8 man crew. She was powered by two VT600 Cummins diesel main drive engines and had two five-bladed propellers. The main drive engines were later replaced by VT800 Cummins engines. Water tank capacity was and fuel tank capacity was at 95% full. Engine exhaust was ported through the transom rather than through a conventional stack and this permitted a 360 degree view from the bridge; a feature that was very useful in search and rescue work as well as a combat environment. 
The design specifications for "Point Hudson" included a steel hull for durability and an aluminum superstructure and longitudinally framed construction was used to save weight. Ease of operation with a small crew size was possible because of the non-manned main drive engine spaces. Controls and alarms located on the bridge allowed one man operation of the cutter thus eliminating a live engineer watch in the engine room. Because of design, four men could operate the cutter; however, the need for resting watchstanders brought the crew size to eight men for normal domestic service. The screws were designed for ease of replacement and could be changed without removing the cutter from the water. A clutch-in idle speed of three knots helped to conserve fuel on lengthy patrols and an eighteen knot maximum speed could get the cutter on scene quickly. Air-conditioned interior spaces were a part of the original design for the Point class cutter. Interior access to the deckhouse was through a watertight door on the starboard side aft of the deckhouse. The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer. The deckhouse also included a small arms locker, scuttlebutt, a small desk and head. Access to the lower deck and engine room was down a ladder. At the bottom of the ladder was the galley, mess and recreation deck. A watertight door at the front of the mess bulkhead led to the main crew quarters which was ten feet long and included six bunks that could be stowed, three bunks on each side. Forward of the bunks was the crew's head complete with a compact sink, shower and commode. Accommodations for a 13 man crew were installed for Vietnam service.
History.
After delivery in 1961, "Point Hudson" was assigned a homeport of Panama City, Florida, where she served as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. 
At the request of the United States Navy, in October 1965, she was alerted for service in Vietnam and assigned to Coast Guard Squadron One in support of Operation Market Time along with 8 other Point class cutters. While the crew completed overseas training and weapons qualifications at Coast Guard Island and Camp Parks, California, "Point Hudson" was loaded onto a merchant ship, and transported to Subic Bay, Philippines arriving in January 1966 where she was refit for combat service. Shipyard modifications included installation of new single-sideband radio equipment, additional floodlights, small arms lockers, bunks, additional sound-powered phone circuits, and the addition of 4 M-2 machine guns. The original Oerlikon 20 mm cannon was replaced with a combination over-under 50 caliber machine gun/81mm trigger fired mortar that had been developed by the Coast Guard for service in Vietnam. For service in Vietnam, two officers were added to the crew complement to add seniority to the crew in the mission of interdicting vessels at sea.
"Point Hudson" was assigned to Division 13 of Squadron One to be based at Cat Lo Navy Base near Vung Tau, along with , , , , , , and . After sea trials, the Division left Subic Bay for Cat Lo on 19 February 1966 in the company of , their temporary support ship. They arrived at their new duty station on 23 February and began patrolling the coastal waters near the Rung Sat Special Zone. Duty consisted of boarding Vietnamese junks to search for contraband weapons and ammunition and check the identification papers of persons on board.
While on patrol 22 March 1966 in the Rung Sat Special Zone "Point Hudson" drew fire from a Viet Cong junk on the Soi Rap River. In the battle that followed, an estimated ten Viet Cong were killed.
On 20 June 1966 "Point Hudson" along with "Point League" and "Point Slocum" assisted with the capture of a burning North Vietnamese trawler loaded with ammunition near the mouth of the Cổ Chiên River. Suppression fire from the mortars and machine guns of the "Point Hudson" were directed at Viet Cong troops firing on the other cutters while they attempted put out the fire and save possible intelligence on board the trawler. She also replenished "Point Slocum" with ammunition during the action.
On 1 March 1968, she was one of several Coast Guard cutters and U.S. Navy swift boats that intercepted and destroyed an enemy trawler of the coast of the Ca Mau Peninsula. 
As a part of the Vietnamization Program South Vietnamese Navy crewmen were assigned for training purposes beginning in February 1969. Many close relationships developed with the American-Vietnamese crews while training together and an example was the naming of his sixth child by Petty Officer First Class Le Chung. Because he thought so much of his American counterparts, he named his son "Le Hudson" in honor of the "Point Hudson".
After the crew of "Point Hudson" trained a Vietnamese replacement crew, she was turned over to the Republic of Vietnam Navy as a part of the Vietnamization Program and recommissioned as RVNS "Đặng Văn Hoành" (HQ-707) on 11 Dec 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31212199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212199" title="Revation Systems">
Revation Systems

Revation Systems is a company founded in 2002 based in Minneapolis–St. Paul metro area and is a provider of commercial, closed-source Unified Communications products. Revation's Unified Communications solution is a multi-tenant software-as-a-service product architecturally distributed using Session Border Controllers for all protocols.
The primary server-based component of the product is LinkLive. The primary client component is Communicator. Other interfacing clients include phone handsets, email clients, web browsers, and trunking gateway devices.
Revation sells and markets their product through channel partners and resellers into the financial and healthcare verticals.

</doc>
<doc id="31212203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212203" title="Vineet Malhotra">
Vineet Malhotra

Vineet Malhotra is an Indian sports anchor with Neo Sports, and award winning musician who lives in Delhi, India.
Early life and education.
He was born in London, England on 14 October 1978. His father was a diplomat who worked for the Ministry of External Affairs. As a result of his father’s foreign trips Vineet grew up in six different countries and was exposed to a multitude of cultures. He grew up in England, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Russia and the USA. He was educated at Delhi Public School R K Puram in New Delhi and at UCSF in California, USA.
Anchoring.
Malhotra has an MBA from Bradford University. His first work in front of a camera was as a model and event host. He progressed to be an anchor at Zee Sports in 2005, despite having little exposure to cricket. He began by presenting cricket shows with the likes of Kapil Dev, Pataudi, Navjot Singh Sidhu, and Ricky Ponting. He later moved to Ten Sports and then to Neo Cricket. It was at the latter that he devised a program, "Baat & Bowl", which is an interactive show that delves into the lives of cricket stars in India.
His reputation as a specialist sports anchor caused him to be invited by national TV channel Doordarshan to host the biggest sports event in the history India, the 19th Commonwealth Games. Subsequently he hosted the 16th Asian Games for the same channel.
Malhotra now works as a freelance sports anchor and has appeared on the Indian news channel Times Now.
Music.
While studying in the USA Molhotra began to learn classical piano under the tutelage of Robert Boon, a concert pianist. Finding an affinity with classical composers such as Beethoven, Mozart and Bach, Malhotra mastered playing the instrument.
In 2009 he met Rajan Adlakha, an architect, at a school reunion and together they decided to form an electro-danceband called Shadow. They posted music on MySpace and were spotted by a music producer in Malaysia who encouraged them to participate in an award for independent artists. They were nominated in 12 categories and became the first ever band from India to win an award at the Asian Pacific Voice Independent Music Awards (AVIMA), where they were placed third in the electro/dance category. They promoted their own genre of music, which they call World Progressive Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="31212209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212209" title="Lapanagoi">
Lapanagoi

Lapanagoi (Greek: Λαπαναγοί) is a village in the municipality of Kalavryta, Achaea, Greece. The village is on the border between the municipalities of Aigialeia and Kalavryta and is located south east of Leonteios and across the valley from the "Makellarias Monastery".

</doc>
<doc id="31212218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212218" title="Béraud">
Béraud

Béraud is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31212226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212226" title="81st Armor Regiment">
81st Armor Regiment

The 81st Armor Regiment currently has two active battalions, the 1st and 3rd, both of which are assigned to the 194th Armor Brigade, US Army Armor Center, Fort Knox, KY. They are responsible for training enlisted armor crewman for the US Army and US Marines on armored warfare vehicles such as the M1A1/M1A2 and Stryker platform.
History and lineage of 1st Battalion and Regiment.
The 81st Armor Regiment was activated on 1 October 1941 at Fort Knox, Kentucky. 
In early 1942, the 81st Armor was moved to California with orders to defend against possible Japanese attacks. While stationed there, it was redesignated as the 81st Tank Battalion in 1943. 
Shortly after their service in California, the 81st Tank Battalion headed to Europe in July 1944 to participate in the battles for Normandy and Northern France. The 2nd Battalion was reformed as Company B, 81st Armor and was successful in liberating Luxembourg City on 10 September 1944. As December 1944 crept closer, the battalion entered the Huertgen Forest in the Alsace Region of France. The battalion then rested and refitted for the final push into Germany. The unit spearheaded the 5th Armored Division’s drive to the Rhine River and became the first unit to cross the Siegfried Line into the Rhineland, crossing the Rhine in March 1945. It then drove to the Elbe, 45 miles from Berlin, and was engaged in mopping up German resistance in the Ninth Army sector.
Upon returning from the battlefields of Europe, the battalion was deactivated in the fall of 1945. Except for seven months in 1950, it was active from 1948–1956 with the 5th Armored Division at Fort Chaffee, Arkansas. In 1962, the 81st and the 94th Tank Battalions and the 505th Replacement Company were redesignated as the 81st Armor under the Combat Arms Regimental System. The 1st and 2nd Battalions were assigned to the 1st Armored Division in February of that year. The 2nd battalion was deactivated in 1971 and reactivated in 1972 in West Germany. It was then deactivated again in 1989. The 2nd Battalion was once again reactivated in January 1996 as a part of the 1st Armored Training Brigade at Fort Knox, Kentucky.
History and lineage of 3rd Battalion.
Following America’s entry into the Second World War, on 20 September 1943, the 3rd battalion was re-designated as the 707th Tank Battalion, where it saw combat as part of both the 5th and 7th Armored Divisions. As part of the drive through Europe, the 707th participated in the campaigns of Normandy, Northern France, Rhineland, Ardennes-Alsace, and Central Europe. The 707th was awarded the Luxembourg Croix de Guerre, World War II streamer, for its outstanding wartime service. Following its successful campaigns in Europe, the 707th was inactivated at Boston, Massachusetts, on 8 October 1945.
In the early months of the Korean War the battalion was re-designated as the 94th Medium Tank Battalion, 7th Armored Division and reactivated again on 24 November 1950, at Camp Roberts, California, where it remained until inactivated on 15 November 1953. On 3 February 1962, the battalion was relieved from assignment to the 7th Armored Division and re-designated as the 3d Battalion, 81st Armor Regiment under the Combat Arms Regimental System. The battalion was reassigned to the 5th Armored Division. On 25 March 1987, the battalion was relieved from assignment to the 5th Armored Division and re-designated at Fort Knox, Kentucky as a training battalion. On 1 October 1991, the battalion was again deactivated.
The current mission of the battalion begins with the creation, on 20 July 1965, of Committee Group. This unit was activated at Fort Knox with the mission of providing training support to Initial Entry Training Soldiers. On 2 March 1986, Committee Group was re-designated as Training Group. On 2 March 1986, the battalion was placed under the operational control of the 4th Training Brigade. On 30 July 1993, Training Group was re-designated 3d Battalion, 81st Armor Regiment and attached to the 1st Armor Training Brigade.
Distinctive Unit Insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Per fess enhanced Or and Sable, a chevron in point embowed between two fleurs-de-lis Vert and in base a battle-axe and key in saltire of the first. Attached below and to the sides of the shield is a Gold scroll inscribed “SUPERO OMNIA” in Black letters. 
The gold of the shield is the color for Armor. The fleurs-de-lis symbolize the organization’s Normandy and Northern France campaigns. The chevron “in point embowed” recalls the Battle of the Bulge, the Ardennes-Alsace campaign. The key, occurring frequently in the civic arms of the towns of Rheinprovinz (the province in which the Rhine River crossing was made and the Siegfried line breached), symbolizes the Rhineland campaign. Symbolical of the important successes of this campaign, it allegorically represents the “Key to Victory” in Europe. The battle-axe, a favorite Teutonic weapon and heraldic charge throughout the entire medieval period, signifies the Central Europe campaign. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 81st Medium Tank Battalion on 18 April 1953. It was amended to correct the spelling of the Latin motto on 19 April 1954. The insignia was redesignated for the 81st Armor Regiment on 31 January 1962.
Coat Of Arms.
Blazon.
Per fess enhanced Or and Sable, in chief a chevron in point embowed between two fleurs-de-lis Vert and in base a battle-axe and key in saltire of the first. 
Crest
On a wreath Argent and Vert between two branches of oak Proper a tower Or charged with an escutcheon per pale Tenné and Azure and surmounted with a lion’s head erased Gules. 
Motto SUPERO OMNIA (To Surpass All).
Symbolism.
The gold of the shield is the color for Armor. The fleurs-de-lis symbolize the organization’s Normandy and Northern France campaigns. The chevron “in point embowed” recalls the Battle of the Bulge, the Ardennes-Alsace campaign. The key, occurring frequently in the civic arms of the towns of Rheinprovinz (the province in which the Rhine River crossing was made and the Siegfried line breached), symbolizes the Rhineland campaign. Symbolical of the important successes of this campaign, it allegorically represents the “Key to Victory” in Europe. The battle-axe, a favorite Teutonic weapon and heraldic charge throughout the entire medieval period, signifies the Central Europe campaign. 
The red lion’s head is adapted from the Arms of the Duchy of Luxembourg and the gold tower alludes to the successful accomplishment of the unit’s mission in that area in World War II. The oak leaves symbolize honor, victory and valor and the shield, in the colors of the Luxembourg Croix de Guerre, alludes to the award of that decoration to the 81st Armor.
Background.
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 81st Medium Tank Battalion on 18 April 1953. It was amended to correct the spelling of the Latin motto on 19 April 1954. It was redesignated for the 81st Armor Regiment on 31 January 1962. The insignia was amended to add a crest on 25 November 1964. It was amended to correct the wording in the blazon of the crest on 29 October 1965.
References.
Requesting additional information for the history of the 2nd Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="31212273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212273" title="Acantholycosa spinembolus">
Acantholycosa spinembolus

Acantholycosa spinembolus is a species of wolf spider only known from the Kholzun Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.
This is a dark-coloured spider up to 7.5 mm in length. The carapace and abdomen are plain and unmarked but the legs have distinctive pale rings. This species can only be distinguished from its closest congeners by details of the genitalia.

</doc>
<doc id="31212279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212279" title="Lothar Mendes">
Lothar Mendes

Lothar Mendes (19 May 1894 – 25 February 1974) was a German screenwriter and film director. His best-known work was the film "Jew Süss" (1934).
Personal life.
From 1926 to 1928, Mendes was married to British-born American actress Dorothy Mackaill. The marriage ended in divorce.
He was born in Berlin and died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31212288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212288" title="List of Pakistani inventions and discoveries">
List of Pakistani inventions and discoveries

This article lists inventions and discoveries made by scientists with Pakistani nationality within Pakistan and outside the country, as well as those made in the territorial area of what is now Pakistan prior to the independence of Pakistan in 1947.
Centers of ancient learning in Pakistan.
Pakistan was the seat of ancient learning and some consider Taxila to be an early university
or centre of higher education, others do not consider it a university in the modern sense,
Takshashila is described in some detail in later Jātaka tales, written in Sri Lanka around the 5th century CE. Generally, a student entered Taxila at the age of sixteen. The Vedas and the Eighteen Arts, which included skills such as archery, hunting, and elephant lore, were taught, in addition to its law school, medical school, and school of military science.

</doc>
<doc id="31212290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212290" title="Henry Hungerford">
Henry Hungerford

Henry Hungerford (23 July 1611 – 27 May 1673) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1660,
Hungerford was the son of Sir Anthony Hungerford of Stock, Wiltshire. He matriculated at Queen's College, Oxford on 4 November 1631 aged 19 and was awarded BA on 6 June 1633. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1642.
In 1646, Hungerford was elected Member of Parliament for Great Bedwyn in the Long Parliament and sat until 1648 when he was excluded under Pride's Purge. He was elected MP for Wiltshire in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament, and MP for Great Bedwyn again in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament. 
In 1660, Hungerford was elected MP for Marlborough in the Convention Parliament.
Hungerford died at the age of 61

</doc>
<doc id="31212295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212295" title="Darjeeling Pulbazar (community development block)">
Darjeeling Pulbazar (community development block)

Darjeeling Pulbazar (community development block) is an administrative division in Darjeeling Sadar subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Lodhma, Darjeeling and Pulbazar police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Bijanbari. Pattabong Tea Garden is a census town in this block.
Geography.
Pulbazar is located at .
Darjeeling Pulbazar community development block has an area of 212.71  km2.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Darjeeling Pulbazar block had a total population of 115,821, out of which 58,451 were males and 57,370 were females. Darjeeling Pulbazar block registered a negative population growth of -1.17 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212326" title="Equality Michigan">
Equality Michigan

Equality Michigan is an American civil rights, advocacy and anti-violence organization serving Michigan's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community. Equality Michigan serves Michigan's LGBT community through victims services, lobbying on behalf of the LGBT community, public education on LGBT issues, and organizing Michigan's largest LGBT events such as Motor City Pride. The organization is a founding member of the Equality Federation.
History.
Founded in 1991 as the Triangle Foundation as an anti-violence organization, Triangle Foundation expanded to include political and policy work following Michigan Organization for Human Rights closure in 1994. Triangle Foundation merged with Michigan Equality to create Equality Michigan in 2010.
Victim Services program.
Equality Michigan's Victim Services Program documents and addresses the pervasive problem of violence committed against the actual or perceived LGBT and HIV-affected communities. Victim Services offers free and confidential support to victims of bias crimes, domestic violence, pick-up crimes, police misconduct, HIV-related violence, rape, and sexual assault. In addition, Equality Michigan provides accompaniments and advocacy for clients with the police, the courts, medical, and social service agencies. The organization works to get legal services offered at a reduced fee for low-income clients and help clients tell their story in order to raise awareness about the incidents that occurred to them. Data collected through this program is published annually through the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs - which Triangle Foundation co-founded.
Policy program.
Equality Michigan works to enact policy and legislative changes in Michigan to promote equality for LGBT people in such areas as housing and employment, prevent hate crimes, and to stop anti-LGBT legislation and similar measures from being introduced.
Community events.
Equality Michigan's community events are intended to bring together and build the Michigan LGBT community.
Motor City Pride.
An annual Pride street festival held in Hart Plaza in Detroit, Michigan the second Saturday and Sunday of every June to celebrate the LGBT community. Previously held in Ferndale, Michigan, the festival moved to Detroit in 2011. It is the largest LGBT event held in Michigan. The event showcases both local and national performers including Nickki Stevens, The Fundamentals, and Eric Lehr.
Michigan LGBT ComedyFest.
ComedyFest is an annual comedy festival featuring national comedians held in Dearborn, Michigan for the LGBT community. Comedians performing have included Sean Hetherington (2005), René Hicks (2006), Ian Harvie (2009), and Julie Goldman (2014).
Equality Michigan Annual Dinner Event.
Equality Michigan's Annual Dinner Event begins with a cocktail reception with a silent auction. The dinner features a keynote speaker and the presentation of "Catalyst Awards" recognizing individuals and organizations for excellence in service to Michigan's LGBT community. The event is attended by several community leaders and elected officials. Past speakers have included:
Education and outreach.
Equality Michigan provides diversity trainings on social and political LGBT issues. This program also educates politicians, doctors, lawyers, teachers, and law enforcement professionals about issues related to the LGBT community.
Catalyst Awards.
Each year at their annual dinner, the organization presents awards, called Catalyst Awards, to individuals, groups or organizations advocating for LGBT persons in Michigan. Some awards named after individuals, such as the Henry D. Messer Youth Activist Award, are given multiple years to honor specific types of actions.
Past Catalyst Award recipients.
Some past recipients of a Catalyst Award include:

</doc>
<doc id="31212339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212339" title="Asa Mader">
Asa Mader

Asa Mader (born February 20, 1975) is an American film director, screenwriter and visual artist.
History.
He studied cinema and new technologies at Brown University and New York University and was awarded the Roberta Joslin Award for Excellence in Art with one of his first Super 8mm films.
After co-founding the highly successful NY-based digital design studio DIGITALFORM—which served many of the most prominent brands in the high-end luxury market (YSL, Versace, Valentino, Bulgari, Cacharel, Dolce&Gabbana, Pucci, Paul Smith, Sisley, Missoni, Moschino, Vivienne Westwood and Oscar de la Renta) -- Mader decided to focus his creative energies towards directing and his original passion: cinema.
His first narrative film "La Maladie de La Mort", based on the homonymous novel by Marguerite Duras and starring Anna Mouglalis, was part of the official selection of the Venice Film Festival among others: Locarno Film Festival, “Premiers Plans” in Angers, Cannes Film Festival (Short Film Corner), International Film Festival of Kerala and the Festival “Entrevues” of Belfort.
In 2004, Asa Mader created his first stage direction "HEROINE" starring Anna Mouglalis, a theatrical installation/performance combining film projections and the texts of Ovid and Marguerite Yourcenar, along with text messages (SMS), all written proclamations of love, waiting and the anguish of love at a distance. "HEROINE" premiered at the Festival of Ortigia in Siracusa, Sicily.
In 2005, Asa directed two films for French TV - "" is a docu-fiction based on the Soundwalk (audio tours) of the mythic mafia neighborhood of New York.
"Pigalle" starring Lou Doillon is the first of a series of five films commissioned by Paris Première, in which a young actress takes you into the heart of her neighborhood, in this case the red-light district of Paris.
Asa Mader has co-written several of the Soundwalk (audio tours), including, embarrassingly, the official "Da Vinci Code" tour of the Louvre with Jean Reno.
He is also the narrator of the DUMBO Soundwalk (audio tours).
In 2006, Asa Mader presented three large-format film and video installations shot in Bombay and commissioned by Lille3000 in the exhibition entitled "Bombay: Maximum City". Additionally, Asa presented a diptych of “film portraits” on the writers Suketu Mehta (Pulitzer Prize Nominee) and Pavan Varma (author of "Being Indian") in the same exhibition.
Asa Mader presented several film works at Le Laboratoire in Paris in a joint exhibit with acclaimed photographer and preeminent photojournalist James Nachtwey, subject of the Academy Award-nominated documentary "War Photographer". The exhibit entitled "Combat pour la vie / Struggle for Life" consists of a series of original photographs bearing witness to James Nachtwey’s work in Siberia, Asia and Africa, and to initiatives in the fight against AIDS, tuberculosis and other infectious diseases. Asa created film portraits of four of the leading medical scientists in this field as well as an installation/portrait of the photographer James Nachtwey.
Asa Mader directed the music video "Violet Hill", the first single of Coldplay's album "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends".
The music video was nominated for Best UK Video and Best Special Effects in a Video at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards and Best Video at the Q Awards
Asa Mader worked in collaboration with choreographer Benjamin Millepied on a dance (and film) piece entitled "Years Later", commissioned and performed by Mikhail Baryshnikov. The piece was previewed on April 14, 2009 at the Baryshnikov Arts Center's Spring Gala in New York and premiered in Riga, Latvia on May 2, 2009.
Asa Mader's most recent collaboration with Benjamin Millepied resulted in the short film "Time Doesn't Stand Still", starring Léa Seydoux. It features an original soundtrack by composer (and longtime David Lynch-collaborator) Angelo Badalamenti. A short teaser of the film was previewed on the website NOWNESS.com in December 2010. The completed version of the film is scheduled to be released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31212341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212341" title="Chris Kraus">
Chris Kraus

Chris Kraus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31212352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212352" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Kentucky">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Kentucky

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Kentucky.
It is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Marion County, Kentucky, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 11 properties listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="31212357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212357" title="Jorebunglow Sukhiapokhri (community development block)">
Jorebunglow Sukhiapokhri (community development block)

Jorebunglow Sukhiapokhri (community development block) is an administrative division in Darjeeling Sadar subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Jorebunglow and Sukhiapokhri police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Sukhiapokhri.
Geography.
Sukhiapokhri is located at .
Jorebunglow Sukhiapokhri community development block has an area of 385.98  km2.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Jorebunglow Sukhiapokhri block had a total population of 100,674, out of which 49,708 were males and 50,966 were females. Jorebunglow Sukhiapohri block registered a population growth of 9.06 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212365" title="Rangli Rangliot (community development block)">
Rangli Rangliot (community development block)

Rangli Rangliot (community development block) is an administrative division in Darjeeling Sadar subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Rangli Rangliot police station serves this block. The headquarters of this block is at Takdah.
Geography.
Rangli Rangliot is located at .
Rangli Rangliot community development block has an area of 305.83  km2.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Rangli Rangliot block had a total population of 64,296, out of which 32,267 were males and 32,029 were females. Rangli Rangliot block registered a negative population growth of -1.60 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212373" title="Nicole Brune">
Nicole Brune

Nicole Brune (born 1981) is an American painter of fantasy art, pin-up art and erotic art.
Nicole Brune was born in Fullerton, California in 1981. She graduated from California State University, Fullerton with a Bachelor of Fine Arts.
Nicole's illustrations of Josie Stevens have been seen on E! Entertainment's "Married to Rock" and is also on one of Steve Stevens custom Suhr guitars.
Nicole is mentioned in this article about San Diego Comic Con 2010
Nicole was invited to the Airbrush Action Magazine getaway - October 2010
Article about Steve Stevens custom Suhr guitar with Nicole's "Madness" painting of Josie Stevens

</doc>
<doc id="31212377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212377" title="Kalimpong I (community development block)">
Kalimpong I (community development block)

Kalimpong I (community development block) is an administrative division in Kalimpong subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Kalimpong police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Kalimpong.
Geography.
Kalimpong is located at .
Kalimpong I community development block has an area of 321.16  km2.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Kalimpong I block had a total population of 67,672, out of which 34,344 were males and 33,328 were females. Kalimpong I block registered a population growth of 26.16 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Transport.
NH 31A passes through this block.

</doc>
<doc id="31212388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212388" title="Prostitution law in Canada">
Prostitution law in Canada

The passage of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms in 1982 allowed for the provision of challenging the constitutionality of laws governing prostitution law in Canada in addition to interpretative case law. Other legal proceedings have dealt with ultra vires issues (whether a jurisdiction, such as a Provincial Government or municipality, has the powers to legislate on the matter). In 2013 three provisions of the current law were overturned by the Supreme Court of Canada, with a twelve month stay of effect. In June 2014 the Government introduced amending legislation in response.
Constitutional law.
20th century.
Sections 193, 195 (213).
The new formulations of section 213 found themselves under challenge in the lower courts within a year, with conflicting results 
Nova Scotia's Appeal Court ruled the legislation violated the guarantee of freedom of expression in the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, by constraining communication in relation to legal activity (R. v. Skinner (1987), 35 C.C.C. (3d) 203). The Alberta Court of Appeal disagreed, holding that infringement of freedom of expression was a justifiable limitation as no “clear and convincing” alternative was available for dealing with the nuisance of street prostitution (R. v. Jahelka (1987), 79 A.R. 44).
The Manitoba Court of Appeal upheld section 195.1(1)(c) on the grounds that there was no prima facie case of freedom of expression (Reference Re Sections 193 and 195.1(1)(c) of the Criminal Code, 6 W.W.R. 289).
When referred to the Supreme Court, it upheld the sections (Reference Re Sections 193 and 195.1(1)(c) of the Criminal Code, 1 S.C.R. 1123)Chief Justice Dickson for the majority (Madam Justice Wilson and Madam Justice L'Heureux‑Dubé dissenting), agreed that freedom of expression was restricted by what was now 213(1)(c) it did not infringe or deny the freedom of association guaranteed by section 2(d) of the Charter. He also held that it did not infringe the right to be treated fairly when life, liberty and security are affected by governmental action, as guaranteed by section 7 of the Charter. The reference to the court also included the bawdy house provisions which were held to not infringe the guarantee of freedom of expression provided for by section 2(b) of the Charter. Finally the impugned infringement of the freedom of expression guaranteed by section 2(b) of the Charter was justifiable under section 1 of the Charter as being a reasonable limit on a protected right.
The justification was set out in three stages. (1) The court must first characterize the objective of the law (a remedy for solicitation in public places and the eradication of social nuisance from the public display of the sale of sex). This was constructed as restricted to taking prostitution off the streets and out of public view. In this respect, Dickson disagreed with the opinion of another justice that the legislative objective addressed the broader questions of the exploitation, degradation and subordination of women. (2) The court must assess the propor­tionality of the legislation to the objectives; in particular any infringement of rights must be the minimum to achieve this. It was held the provisions were not unduly intrusive. (3) The court must determine if the effects of the law so infringe a protected right that it outweighs the objective. It was held that the curtailment of street solicitation was in keeping with the interests of society, for its nuisance‑related aspects.
Section 198.
A part of section 198(1)(d) was challenged in 1991, namely that a previous conviction of keeping a disorderly house amounts to proof of the nature of the premises in subsequent proceedings. This was held to contravene sections 11(d) and 7 of the Charter (R. v. Janoff (1991), 68 C.C.C. (3d) 454 (Que. C.A.)), and became inoperative.
21st century.
Ontario constitutional challenge 2007.
A legal challenge to three of Canada's many prostitution laws was filed in Ontario Superior Court in March 2007.
In a decision handed down by Madam Justice Susan Himel in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice on September 28, 2010, the prostitution laws were declared invalid.
The Government announced it would appeal this decision on April 25, and on October 25, 2012, the Supreme Court of Canada agreed to hear the appeal. The Supreme Court also agreed to hear a cross-appeal by sex-trade workers on the Court of Appeal for Ontario's decision to ban solicitation. The Supreme Court of Canada heard the case on June 13, 2013.
British Columbia constitutional challenge 2007.
A related challenge was mounted in British Columbia in 2007
, but did not proceed due to a procedural motion by the Attorney General of Canada seeking dismissal on the grounds of lack of standing by the litigants. This was upheld by the BC Supreme Court in 2008, 
but successfully appealed in October 2010. 
The Attorney General then appealed this decision of the British Columbia Court of Appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada who released their decision on September 21, 2012. They dismissed the appeal enabling the case to once again proceed in the court of first instance.
The Supreme Court made a number of observations regarding the issues involved:
""In this case, all three factors, applied purposively and flexibly, favour granting public interest standing to the respondents. In fact, there is no dispute that the first and second factors are met: the respondents’ action raises serious justiciable issues and the respondents have an interest in the outcome of the action and are fully engaged with the issues that they seek to raise. Indeed, the constitutionality of the prostitution provisions of the Criminal Code constitutes a serious justiciable issue and the respondents, given their work, have a strong engagement with the issue...
"This case constitutes public interest litigation: the respondents have raised issues of public importance that transcend their immediate interests. Their challenge is comprehensive, relating as it does to nearly the entire legislative scheme. It provides an opportunity to assess through the constitutional lens the overall effect of this scheme on those most directly affected by it...
It is obvious that the claim is being pursued with thoroughness and skill..."
"The impugned Criminal Code provisions, by criminalizing many of the activities surrounding prostitution, adversely affect a great number of women. These issues are also clearly justiciable ones, as they concern the constitutionality of the challenged provisions...
"Some aspects of the statement of claim raise serious issues as to the invalidity of the legislation..."
"Granting standing will not only serve to enhance the principle of legality with respect to serious issues of direct concern to some of the most marginalized members of society, but it will also promote the economical use of scarce judicial resources"""
In view of the subsequent decision by the Supreme Court of Canada, this application became moot.
Supreme Court decision 2013.
In a decision dated 20 December 2013, the Supreme Court of Canada struck down the laws in question, ruling that a ban on solicitation and brothels violated prostitutes' rights to safety. They delayed the enforcement of their decision for one year—also applicable to the Ontario sections—to give the government a chance to write new laws. Following the announcement of the decision Valerie Scott, one of the applicants, stated in the media that, regardless of the decision, sex workers must be involved in the process of constructing the new legislation: "The thing here is politicians, though they may know us as clients, they do not understand how sex work works. They won't be able to write a half-decent law. It will fail. That's why you must bring sex workers to the table in a meaningful way."
Government response to Supreme Court decision.
In response, Peter MacKay the Minister of Justice introduced amending legislation, C-36 the ""Protection of Communities and Exploited Persons Act"" on June 4 2014, which received first reading. Debate on second reading began on June 11.
Case law.
Section 197: Bawdy house definition.
The wording of section 197 allows of some interpretation. As noted by the Supreme Court of Canada in Cohen "Prior to 1907, a common bawdy house was defined by section 225 of the Code as “a house, room, set of rooms or place of any kind kept for purposes of prostitution,” but in that year, by 6-7 Edward VII, chapter 8, section 2, the section was repealed and a new one enacted in the same terms but with the addition at the end, of the words “or occupied or resorted to by one or more persons for such purposes.” That case reversed an Ontario Court of Appeal decision acquitting a woman convicted of offering sexual services on her own. The court pointed to the words "one or more persons" as clearly indicating that operating on one's own constituted a bawdy house. 
Another requisite is that a place must be resorted to for prostitution on a habitual and regular basis (R. v. Patterson (1968), 67 D.L.R. (2d) 82 (S.C.C.)). A woman who used her own apartment, alone, but regularly was convicted (R. v. Worthington (1972), 22 C.R.N.S. 34 (Ont. C.A.)).
Another relates to the alternative definition of "the practice of acts of indecency", since this leaves open the definition of indecency, which may not be universally understood or accepted. One definition of community standards comes from the Supreme Court decision in R. v. Tremblay, 2 S.C.R. 932. In considering nude dancing the majority held that the acts were not indecent since they did not fall below the community standard of tolerance, citing the circumstances surrounding the act, the degree of harm that could result from public exposure, and expert evidence. No complaints had been received; the acts were in a closed room between consenting adults without physical contact, while expert witnesses suggested this was voyeurism and exhibitionism that caused no harm.
When "Tremblay" was used in Ontario to determine that lap dancing or table dancing was not indecent Toronto passed a by-law prohibiting close-contact dancing. However the Court of Appeal reversed the decision on the grounds that this constituted prostitution (R. v. Mara, 27 O.R. (3d) 643). Furthermore the court ruled that Parliament intended to abolish prostitution as a form of violence against women, and thus the dancing exceeded public acceptability. The Supreme Court confirmed this in June 1997 holding that sexual contact constitutes prostitution and exceeds community standards.
"This type of activity is harmful to society in many ways. It degrades and dehumanizes women; it desensitizes sexuality and is incompatible with the dignity and equality of each human being". Mr. Justice Sopinka, 26 June 1997 
Section 210: Bawdy house Bawdy house keeping.
Participation alone is insufficient under 210 (1), without “some degree of control over the care and management of the premises” (R. v. Corbeil, 1 S.C.R. 83).
Section 212: Procuring.
Subsection 3 provides a presumption of offence of living on the avails, if associated with a sex worker or premise. A reverse onus such as this contravenes the presumption of evidence under section 11(d) of the Charter and was challenged. The Supreme Court found this justifiable in Downey v. R.( 2 S.C.R. 10). The majority accepted that an accused might be convicted despite the existence of reasonable doubt, for instance, a person may share accommodation with someone without necessarily living on their earnings. The Court found this a reasonable limit on the presumption of innocence because the intent was to prevent exploitation by pimps and that there was no real danger of innocent persons being found guilty if they provided evidence to the contrary, thereby constituting reasonable doubt. It was felt that this provision protected sex workers from abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="31212393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212393" title="Kalimpong II (community development block)">
Kalimpong II (community development block)

Kalimpong II (community development block) is an administrative division in Kalimpong subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Kalimpong police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Algarah.
Geography.
Algarah is located at .
Kalimpong II community development block has an area of 303.00  km2.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Kalimpong I block had a total population of 60,216, out of which 31,276 were males and 28,940 were females. Kalimpong II block registered a population growth of 17.13 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212399" title="Jeffrey Daniel (MP)">
Jeffrey Daniel (MP)

Jeffrey Daniel (29 June 1626 – 22 April 1681) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Daniel was the son of William Daniel of St. Margett, Wiltshire. He matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford, on 20 May 1642 aged 15.
In 1660, Daniel was elected Member of Parliament for Marlborough in the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Marlborough in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679. 
Daniel died at the age of 54.
Daniel was the father of William who was also MP for Marlborough.

</doc>
<doc id="31212402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212402" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Cooper County, Missouri">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cooper County, Missouri

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cooper County, Missouri.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Cooper County, Missouri, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 43 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="31212404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212404" title="Andy Olson">
Andy Olson

Andy Olson (born November 6, 1952) is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. He serves in the Oregon House of Representatives for District 15, representing parts of Linn and Benton counties, including the city of Albany. Olson served as co-speaker pro tempore in the 76th Oregon Legislative Assembly with Democrat Tina Kotek due to a power-sharing arrangement in the evenly-divided Oregon House.
Early life and career.
Olson was born in Norfolk, Nebraska. He earned an Associate of Arts in Law Enforcement from Chemeketa Community College and a BA in Human Resources Management from George Fox University. In 1978, Olson became an Oregon State Police Officer and was stationed all over the state, eventually serving as Lieutenant and Station Commander in Albany, McMinnville, and Beaverton. He retired from the state police in 2007. Olson continues to teach public safety with a focus on leadership and character at Linn–Benton Community College.
Political career.
In 2004, incumbent Republican Betsy Close announced that she would not seek re-election in district 15, while simultaneously endorsing Olson as her successor. Olson defeated Democrat Wes Price to win election in November and has since been re-elected three times.
Personal.
Olson and his wife Pam have three children and live in Albany.

</doc>
<doc id="31212407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212407" title="Gorubathan (community development block)">
Gorubathan (community development block)

Gorubathan (community development block) is an administrative division in Kalimpong subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Gorubathan and Jaldhaka police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Fagu.
Geography.
Gorubathan is located at .
Gorubathan community development block has an area of 441.97  km2.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Gorubathan block had a total population of 54,275, out of which 27,570 were males and 26705 were females. Gorubathan block registered a population growth of 17.02 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212416" title="Revolutionary Tendency (SWP)">
Revolutionary Tendency (SWP)

The Revolutionary Tendency within the US Socialist Workers Party (United States) was an internal faction that disagreed with the direction the leadership was taking the party on several important issues. Many groups and movements would have the roots in the RT, both in the United States and internationally, including the Socialist Equality Party, and the world Spartacist and LaRouche movements, and their various splinters.
The Revolutionary Tendency first crystallized around opposition to the SWPs line regarding the Cuban Revolution. The leadership regarded the Cuban regime as a full blown workers' state deserving unqualified defense by the Party. The RT rejected this because of the revolutions "petty bourgeoisie" leadership, and the absence of a vanguard party prior to the revolutions coming to power. The RT also objected to the moves of the SWP toward leaving the International Committee of the Fourth International and joining the "Pabloite" International Secretariat of the Fourth International. They also a danger of Pabloism within the SWP as well, because of what they regarded as a downplaying of the counter-revolutionary role of the Stalinism. All of these positions were spelled out in a document called "In Defense of a Revolutionary Perspective - A Statement of Basic Positions", drawn up be Tim Wohlforth and others and presented to the SWP national committee in March 1962.
The tendency was concentrated among members who had been in the left wing of the Young Socialist League who had rejected merger into the Young People's Socialist League when Max Shachtman, leader of the parent Independent Socialist League had merged with the YPSLs parent group, the Socialist Party-Social Democratic Federation. This group had subsequently been recruited by the SWP and were instrumental in founding the SWPs new youth group, the Young Socialist Alliance in 1960. 
The initial membership of the tendency was quite small, about 35 in October 1961, with clusters in New York and Bay Area of about 15 each. Subsequently the tendency grew with cadres in Detroit, Philadelphia and New Haven, Connecticut. The RT initially controlled the National Committee of the YSA, but the SWP leadership was able to out them. 
On November 1, 1963 the Political Committee adopted a resolution suspending James Robertson, Shane Mage, Larry Ireland, and Lynne Harper. Two months later the Committee voted 18-1 to expel these members entirely. Early the next year the first issue of "Spartacist" appeared dated "February–March 1964" and published by "he supporters of the Revolutionary Tendency expelled from the Socialist Workers Party". The paper announced that the group would continue publishing "pending our re-admission to the SWP and resumption of our proper role within it." The expelled members appealed their expulsion to the United Secretariat of the Fourth International. They sent a letter dated February 23, 1964 to Pierre Frank requesting the USFI to express their opinion regarding their organizational rights. On April 17 Frank replied, enclosing a resolution of the USFI condemning the Spartacists. The expelled group tried on last time to appeal its expulsion. In May 1965 Harry Turner requested that the USFI allow it to present its case to its World Congress scheduled for that June. They were again rebuffed, claiming that since the SWP was not an official member of the USFI they had no jurisdiction in the matter.
Reorganized Minority Tendency.
In 1962 the RT itself splintered. A section split off led that included Wohlforth, Albert Philips, Fred Mazelis and Lyndon LaRouche called the Reorganized Minority Tendency. This group was more vocal in its adherence to the International Committee, and to the line led by Gerry Healy and the British Socialist Labour League. They also rejected the RTs characterization of the SWP as centrist, which they regarded as "giving up the political battle before it has begun". They were adamant against splitting the SWP, and obeying internal party discipline. At the 1963 SWP convention the Party decided to join the United Secretariat of the Fourth International and remove Wohlforth, who was already taking instructions from Healy, from his position on the Political Committee. The RMT members were expelled in early 1964 after disagreeing with the position the Party took with regard to the actions of the Trotskyist party in Ceylon. The expelled members reorganized themselves as the American Committee for the Fourth International.

</doc>
<doc id="31212419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212419" title="Gilbert Stuart (disambiguation)">
Gilbert Stuart (disambiguation)

Gilbert Stuart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31212423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212423" title="Mirik (community development block)">
Mirik (community development block)

Mirik (community development block) is an administrative division in Kurseong subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Mirik and Naxalbari police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Mirik.
Geography and Area.
Mirik is located at . Mirik community development block has an area of 122.28  km2. Mirik block consists of rural areas with 6 gram panchayats, viz. Chenga Panighatta, Pahelagaon School Dara–I, Pahelagaon School Dara–II, Soureni–I, Soureni–II and Duptin.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Mirik block had a total population of 42,230, out of which 21,095 were males and 21,135 were females. Mirik block registered a negative population growth of -1.35 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212435" title="Kurseong (community development block)">
Kurseong (community development block)

Kurseong (community development block) is an administrative division in Kurseong subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Kurseong police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Kurseong. There is one census town in this block: Cart Road.
Geography.
Kurseong is located at .
Kurseong community development block has an area of 342.58  km2.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Kurseong block had a total population of 85,109, out of which 42, 976 were males and 42,133 were females. Kurseong block registered a population growth of 5.74 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212437" title="Abdallah Salem el-Badri">
Abdallah Salem el-Badri

Abdalla Salem el-Badri (born 1940) is Secretary General of OPEC since 2007. He is a citizen of Libya and resides in Austria.
El-Badri was born in Ghemines, Libya and studied at the University of Florida. He served as the Libyan Minister for Oil from 1990, the post being expanded to cover electricity in 1993. In 2000, he moved to become Under-Secretary for Services, then in 2002 he became Deputy Prime Minister. From 2002 to 2004, he served as Minister for Management.

</doc>
<doc id="31212447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212447" title="Caribbean Gold">
Caribbean Gold

Caribbean Gold is a 1952 American pirate film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring John Payne, Arlene Dahl and Cedric Hardwicke. It is based on the novel "Carib Gold" by Ellery Clark. It is known by the alternative title Caribbean.
It earned an estimated $1.4 million at the US box office in 1952.
It has played uncut in restored technicolor on the original incarnation of the American Movie Classics channel in the 1990s.
The cinematography was by Lionel Lindon.

</doc>
<doc id="31212472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212472" title="Naxalbari (community development block)">
Naxalbari (community development block)

Naxalbari (community development block) is an administrative division in Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Naxalbari police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Naxalbari. There is one census town in this block:Uttar Bagdogra, It is on the border with Nepal, where Mahendra Highway across that country from east to west begins and has a checkpoint for customs as well as for third country nationals.
Geography.
Naxalbari is located at . It has an average elevation of 152 metres (501 feet).
Naxalbari community development block has an area of 181.51  km2.
Administration.
Naxalbari block consists of one census town: Uttar Bagdogra and rural areas with 6 gram panchayats, viz. Gossaipur, Lower Bagdogra, Nakshalbari, Hatighisa, Maniram and Upper Bagdogra. This block has two police stations: Bagdogra and Naxalbari. The headquarters of this block is in Naxalbari.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Naxalbari block had a total population of 144,942, out of which 75,833 were males and 69,109 were females. Naxalbari block registered a population growth of 54.64 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 16.94 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31212473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212473" title="Great River (film)">
Great River (film)

Great River is a 2010 documentary film from director Matt LeMay and McIntyre Media. "Great River" won the 2011 Award of Excellence in Film making at the 2011 Canada International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31212478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212478" title="The Feminine Touch">
The Feminine Touch

The Feminine Touch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31212523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212523" title="Syska Hennessy">
Syska Hennessy

Syska Hennessy is a global consulting, engineering and commissioning firm for the built environment. Established in 1928, Syska Hennessy is considered one of the largest U.S.-based engineering design firms with over 400 employees located in 16 offices world wide. According to "Consulting-Specifying Engineer" magazine's 2010 MEP Giants list and "Building Design+Construction" magazine's 2010 Giants 300 report, Syska Hennessy ranks among the top mechanical, electrical, plumbing, and engineering firms in the United States.
History.
Syska Hennessy was founded in 1928, by two mechanical engineers, Adolph G. Syska and John F. Hennessy. Originally established in New York City as Syska & Hennessy Engineers, the firm was among the earliest to specialize in the complicated mechanical and electrical systems at the heart of iconic, high-rise 20th-century structures.
1930s
1940s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
High performance building solutions.
Syska Hennessy provides integrated, high performance engineering solutions that support near or net zero and carbon neutral environmental performance of buildings as well as third party verified environmental ratings (U.S. Green Buildings Council LEED ratings, BREEAM, Estidama, 3-Star etc.). Syska Hennessy is an early adaptor of the Architecture 2030 Challenge which aims to help reduce green house gas emission to achieve carbon neutral/net zero performance in new buildings by 2030. The firm also ranked #19 in Engineering News Record's 2011 Top 100 Green Design Firms.

</doc>
<doc id="31212543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212543" title="The Feminine Touch (1956 film)">
The Feminine Touch (1956 film)

The Feminine Touch is a 1956 British drama film directed by Pat Jackson and starring George Baker, Belinda Lee and Delphi Lawrence; also known as "The Gentle Touch" and "A Lamp Is Heavy". 
It is based on the bestselling novel "A Lamp Is Heavy" by Sheila Mackay Russell. 
It follows a group of student nurse as they enter the National Health Service.

</doc>
<doc id="31212554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212554" title="FC Infonet">
FC Infonet

Football Club Infonet is an Estonian football club, playing in the town of Tallinn. The club was founded in 2002 and in late 2010 was merged with "FC Atletik Tallinn" and "FC Bercy Tallinn".
Current squad.
Player records in Meistriliiga.
"As of 5 April 2014. Players in bold played for the team in 2014 Meistriliiga season."

</doc>
<doc id="31212555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212555" title="New Milford Hospital">
New Milford Hospital

New Milford Hospital, (founded 1921) is a not-for profit hospital in Litchfield County, Connecticut which serves western and northwestern Connecticut and parts of southeastern New York state. Services provided by the 85-bed hospital include emergency care, one-day surgery, orthopedics, and radiological imaging. The hospital also contains a cancer center, birthing center, and center for sleep medicine. The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission, the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program and accredited with commendation by the American College of Surgeons' Commission on Cancer. It also earned status as an accredited Breast Center from the National Accreditation Program for Breast Centers in 2011.
From 1995 to 2010, New Milford Hospital was an affiliate of the New York-Presbyterian Healthcare System. Effective October 1, 2010, New Milford Hospital and Danbury Hospital formed the Western Connecticut Health Network, a regional health system. 
Since 2008, New Milford Hospital has also operated as a Planetree-affiliated organization.

</doc>
<doc id="31212584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212584" title="All Saints Church, West Stourmouth">
All Saints Church, West Stourmouth

All Saints Church, West Stourmouth, is a redundant Anglican church in the civil parish of Stourmouth, Kent, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the settlement of West Stourmouth, some north of Wingham to the southeast of the A28 road.
History.
The main fabric in the church is Saxon. Alterations were made in the late 12th century. The church was damaged in an earthquake in 1382, and was subsequently rebuilt. Windows were replaced in the 14th and 15th centuries. The church was restored in 1845, when the seating was reorganised. It has been redundant since 1979.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed in flint with stone dressings and tiled roofs. Its plan consists of a nave with north and south aisles, a chancel, a south porch, and a west tower. The tower is weatherboarded with a shingled spire, and is supported by two 17th-century massive brick buttresses. Between the buttresses is a porch, above which is a 15th-century two-light window. The south aisle has a brick parapet and contains three two-light ogee-headed 14th-century windows. The south porch is gabled with corner buttresses. The east wall of the chancel was rebuilt in the 19th century, and contains a Decorated style window. In the south wall are two lancet windows, and there is a similar window on the north side. Only the lower half of the north aisle survives, and it contains two hipped dormers.
Interior.
The chancel has dado panelling, a piscina and choir stalls, all dating from the 17th century. The base of a rood screen with four panels is still present. Also dating from the 17th century are an octagonal pulpit and box pews. In the chancel is a brass dated 1472. There are fragments of 15th-century glass in the south window of the chancel. Also in the church are the royal arms of George III.

</doc>
<doc id="31212588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212588" title="Minden Cathedral">
Minden Cathedral

Minden Cathedral, dedicated to Saints Gorgonius and Peter, is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Minden, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. From the year 803 AD, when the area was conquered by Charlemagne, it was the center of a diocese and subsequently became the center of a small sovereign state, a prince-bishopric (Hochstift) of Minden, until the time of the Peace of Westphalia (1648), when Minden was secularized as the Principality of Minden (which lasted until 1806). Today the church belongs to the diocese of Paderborn. 
Over the course of many centuries, the cathedral grew from a simple Carolingian church to a monumental basilica. The High Gothic nave and its large tracery windows inspired a number of other buildings. During World War II, the church was almost completely destroyed by an aerial bombing conducted by US Army Air Force B17s on March 28, 1945. This almost completely destroyed the town center including the town hall and cathedral and resulted in the death of over 180 people. 
The church was rebuilt in the 1950s by architect Werner March. The church contains a number of valuable art treasures. 
Patronage.
From Rome in the 8th century the remains of St. Gorgonius were translated by Saint Chrodegang, Bishop of Metz to the monastery of Gorze in Lorraine. Some of the relics were later translated to Minden Cathedral. 

</doc>
<doc id="31212590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212590" title="Kazimar Big Mosque">
Kazimar Big Mosque

Kazimar Periya Pallivasal or Kazimar Big Mosque is a famous mosque (masjid) located at the heart of Madurai city, within 500 metres of the Periyar (Central) bus stand and within 1 kilometre South East of the Madurai Junction and 800 meters south west of the Meenakshi Temple. Hazrat Kazi Syed Tajuddin (believed to be a descendant of Islamic Prophet Muhammad) who came from Oman during 13th century, received this land from the then Pandiya king, Kulasekara Ku(n) Pandiyan, and constructed the mosque which is the first Muslims' place of worship in Madurai. The mosque can accommodate around 2500 people.
Maqbara.
A Madurai Maqbara, the dargah of Madurai Hazrats (Hazrat Meer Ahamad Ibrahim, Hazrat Meer Amjad Ibrahim and Hazrat Syed Abdus Salaam Ibrahim Rahmatullahi Alaihim - Descendants of Islamic Prophet Muhammad) is also located inside the mosque premises. All of Kazi Syed Thajuddheen's descendants (Huqdars - shareholders of this mosque called as Syeds) have lived in the same locality (Kazimar street) for more than 700 years, and have managed the mosque since then. Syed Tajuddin was appointed as Kazi of the sultans, and still his descendants who live at Kazimar street, Madurai, are appointed as Kazis to the Government of Tamil Nadu. All Syeds belong to the Sunni sect of Islam, its Hanafi school and most of the descendants of Kazi Syed Tajuddin are shadhilis (shazuli) who follow the Sufi order Fassiyatush Shadhiliya.
Madrasasa.
Hazrat Kazi Syed Tajuddin arabi Madrasah is located inside the mosque campus in which around 120 students learn basic Arabic.
Kazi & Imams.
The huqdars of this mosque are being appointed as Kazi's to the government at every age since 13th century right from the period of Hazrat Qazi Syed Tajuddin. The present Government Qazi of madurai is also a huqdar of this mosque and a descendant of Qazi Syed Tajuddin. The service of presiding the daily prayers and Friday sermons (Imamat & Qitabat) too are done by the descendant of the founder Hazrat Qazi Syed Tajuddin right from his period till today.
Management.
The mosque is being managed by a board of four trustees selected from, among and by the Huqdars of this mosque who are the descendants of the founder of this mosque Hazrat Qazi Syed Tajuddin.Their tenure is for three years.
360 degree view.
Being the oldest and important mosque in Tamil Nadu, Kazimar Big Mosque is listed in the 360 degree view list of Tamil daily Dinamalar's web site. 360 degree view of Kazimar big mosque and Madurai Maqbara.

</doc>
<doc id="31212602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212602" title="Digiplus">
Digiplus

"Digiplus" or "Plus" is an Albanian television channel broadcasting American, Italian and German series. It was founded in 2004 when Digitalb was created.

</doc>
<doc id="31212633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212633" title="Conny Czymoch">
Conny Czymoch

Conny Czymoch is a German journalist, television moderator, media coach and conference facilitator.
Life.
Whilst in secondary education, 1974–1977, Conny Czymoch was already a freelancer with the Wuppertal edition of the regional paper Neue Rhein Zeitung in Essen. She gained her A-levels in 1977, and subsequently was awarded a BA in International Relations and Economics from the University of Reading, UK in 1980. She entered a journalistic training programme at Deutschlandfunk, DLF, a national radio station based in Cologne, Germany, and became a qualified editor at the end of 1981.
In 1982, she reported for and produced a weekly current affairs magazine with Radio Television Hong Kong, RTHK. During this time she also reported for several German radio stations. From 1984 to 1986 she worked as an editor, reporter and presenter at the WDR Cologne studio, turning back to freelancing from 1986 for a number of programmes at DLF, WDR, Deutsche Welle Radio and TV, where she contributed to the political magazine "Focus on Europe" and CNN World Report. 
In 1992 and 1993 Conny was a news anchor at the commercial station SAT1 in Hamburg. Following this, she was author and presenter of programs at DLF, Deutsche Welle and WDR, concentrating on issues of political, social and cultural relevance. For two years Conny was the anchor for the German and English language political magazine at DW TV, "Standpunkte / Perspectives”. 
During the 90’s she also trained young journalists at the Academy for Journalism in Hamburg and later in Munich. 
1997 Conny joined the new TV station Phoenix, where she has been an anchor for several formats, most recently the late evening news show "DER TAG".
In spring 2009, she accompanied the UNHCR Council of Business Leaders to refugee camps in southern Africa, reported on it in a daily blog on the CSR site of Manpower Inc. and made a short documentary.
In the fall of 2009, she was the first European journalist to moderate at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York on the topic "Leadership and Solutions to End Human Trafficking and Forced Labor". She has also hosted conferences and events with the like of the former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, the former NASA chief Michael Griffin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Personal life and charity.
For several years, Conny has been an advocate against human trafficking and for women's rights, working for the Not for Sale campaign and Terre des Femmes.
Conny is based out of both London and near Cologne with her partner and is the mother of a grown son.
Honors and awards.
The Hugo-Junkers-Award for excellence in space journalism, received in 2007 for the documentary series “PHOENIX ALL-Tag - The Thomas Reiter mission" (coverage of the 6-months mission to the ISS)

</doc>
<doc id="31212641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212641" title="Chrome Specialties">
Chrome Specialties

Chrome Specialties was an American manufacturer and distributor of custom and replacement parts for Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Founded in 1984 by brothers John A. Kuelbs and Gregory G. Kuelbs, Chrome Specialties grew into one of the largest aftermarket motorcycle parts distributors in the world, offering over 12,000 products from a 900-page catalog. Chrome Specialties brands and products were available at over 3,500 retailers worldwide by the time it was merged with Global Motorsports/Custom Chrome Inc. in 1997. Chrome Specialties' original brands, such as Motor Factory, Highway One and Jammer, continue to be available worldwide.
History.
In 1984 the Kuelbs developed a basic line of custom and replacement parts for Harley-Davidsons and founded Chrome Specialties. Their vision was to supply every item needed for the Harley-Davidson rider. The brothers recognized early the potential of custom motorcycles. Demand for custom motorcycles, especially Harley-Davidsons, grew rapidly over the following two decades. Initially Chrome Specialties focused on custom parts, and introduced many bolt-on chrome accessories enabling bikers to personalize their motorcycles. 
In 1987 Chrome Specialties introduced the Highway One and Dallas Leathers apparel lines, opening a manufacturing facility for leather motorcycle jackets in Dallas, Texas. As the Harley-Davidson craze swept through Hollywood many celebrities and rock stars looking for authentic biker gear wore the company’s leather jackets.
In 1992, Chrome Specialties opened in Frankfurt, Germany. In the following years, the company's operations expanded to include offices or distributors in all major Western European countries. At the time of its merger in 1997, Chrome Specialties operated offices in five countries, and distributed motorcycle parts to 48 countries worldwide.
Chrome Specialties launched Motor Factory brand in 1993. The Motor Factory focused on "hard parts", offering engine and transmission parts made exclusively in the United States. The brand soon offered complete transmissions, as well as the internal motor components needed to build complete engines. Later in 1993, Chrome Specialties acquired the prominent Californian chopper builder Jammer Cycle.
In 1996, Chrome Specialties achieved an industry first by offering "scratch-built motorcycles" in its parts catalog. Everything needed to build a complete motorcycle was made available in one catalog, starting an era of "catalog customs", inspiring bike builders to start their own motorcycle manufacturing companies. Chrome Specialties' catalog and product line received industry awards, including Catalog of the Year awards from "American Big Twin Dealer Magazine", "Motorcycle Industry Magazine" and "European Dealer News".
In 1997, Chrome Specialties was merged with Global Motorsport/Custom Chrome Inc. From September 1997 to February 1999, Gustav Kuelbs was president of Chrome Specialties, then a subsidiary of the NASDAD-traded Global Motorsport Group Inc. In 1999, the Kuelbs brothers went on to found another independent company, World Factory Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="31212642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212642" title="2011 Superettan">
2011 Superettan

The 2011 Superettan was the 11th season of Sweden's second-tier football league. The season began on 9 April 2011 and ended on 22 October 2011.
The top two teams qualified directly for promotion to Allsvenskan, the third played a play-off against the fourteenth from Allsvenskan to decide who qualified to play in Allsvenskan 2012.
The bottom two teams qualified directly for relegation to Division 1, the thirteenth and the fourteenth played a play-off against the numbers two from Division 1 Södra and Division 1 Norra to decide who qualified to play in Superettan 2012.
Teams.
A total of sixteen teams contested the league, including eleven sides from the 2010 season, two relegated teams from 2010 Allsvenskan, two promoted teams from Division 1 and Qviding FIF who replaced Örgryte IS after they were automatically relegated to Division 1 before the start of the new season due to bankruptcy.
FC Trollhättan and Väsby United were relegated at the end of the 2010 season after finishing in the bottom two places of the table. They were replaced by Division 1 Norra champions Västerås SK and Division 1 Södra champions IFK Värnamo.
Jönköpings Södra IF and Östers IF both retained their Superettan spots after defeating their Division 1 opponents in a relegation/promotion playoff.
Personnel and kits.
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players and Managers may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
League table.
Relegation play-offs.
"Brage won 7–3 on aggregate."
"IFK Värnamo won 3–0 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="31212684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212684" title="Aristotelis (municipality)">
Aristotelis (municipality)

Aristotelis () is a municipality in the Chalkidiki regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Ierissos. The municipality is named after the ancient philosopher Aristotle, whose birthplace, Stagira, lies within its bounds.
Municipality.
The municipality Aristotelis was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31212691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212691" title="Vsevolod Krestovsky">
Vsevolod Krestovsky

Vsevolod Vladimirovich Krestovsky (; February 23, 1840 – January 30, 1895) was a Russian writer who worked in the city mysteries genre.
Biography.
Krestovsky came from an old family of Polish gentry ("szlachta") with roots in nowadays Ukraine. In 1857 he enrolled in the Historico-Philological faculty of St Petersburg University. At the University he became friends with the radical critic Dmitry Pisarev, and wrote for the magazine "Russian Word".
After his short association with the radical camp, he joined a group of moderate slavophiles which included Apollon Maykov, Lev Mei and others, and began publishing his works in "Notes of the Fatherland", "Time" and "Epoch". In 1860 he left the University to become a professional writer. His novel "The Slums of Saint Petersburg" (1864), a product of many hours of personal observation, gained him considerable popularity. 
In 1863 he traveled to Warsaw to take notes for his novel "The Flock of Panurge" (1869), about the January Uprising. In 1874 he wrote another novel, "The Force", on the same subject. Both novels were reactionary in nature. In the 1880s Krestovsky became frankly and openly anti-Semitic in his political and social views. His blatantly anti-Semitic trilogy "The Jews are Coming" was published between 1888 and 1892. He died in Warsaw in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="31212699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212699" title="The Dover Road (film)">
The Dover Road (film)

The Dover Road is a 1934 American romantic comedy film directed by J. Walter Ruben and starring Diana Wynyard, Clive Brook and Billie Burke. It was adapted by writer Henry William Hanemann from Clara Beranger's 1927 movie "The Little Adventuress", which in turn was a rewrite from the 1921 British play "The Dover Road" by A. A. Milne. The movie was originally released under the title Where Sinners Meet.
Plot.
Leonard and Anne drive along the lovers' road to Dover, intending to embark for Calais and go to Paris. The car breaks down and Saunders takes them to a nearby hotel, which turns out to be a residence with servants, owned by a Mr. Latimer. They are told they cannot leave for seven days so that they can see if a marriage between them will work. The next day, Anne begins to notice things about Leonard that she ignored before. Another couple in the house are about to leave after seven days—Leonard's wife Eustasia and her lover Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="31212714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212714" title="Tech TV (video production company)">
Tech TV (video production company)

Tech TV is a corporate video production company, based in London and Surrey, in the UK. 
It produces video, films and animation content for businesses. It specialises in the technology and software sectors and is run by former BBC and Sky News correspondent, Matt Smith. Clients include EMC, Spotify and QinetiQ 

</doc>
<doc id="31212715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212715" title="The Dover Road">
The Dover Road

The Dover Road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31212720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212720" title="Lee Stiff">
Lee Stiff

Lee Vernon Stiff (born 1949) is an American mathematics education researcher, a professor in the Department of Mathematics, Science, and Technology Education at North Carolina State University, and the author of several mathematics textbooks.
Stiff's father was "a factory worker with only a third-grade education". Despite his inauspicious family background, Stiff studied mathematics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, graduating in 1971, and went on to earn a masters degree from Duke University in 1974 and a doctorate in mathematics education from North Carolina State University in 1978. After teaching mathematics at the middle school and high school levels, and then holding a faculty position at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte beginning in 1978, he returned to NCSU in 1983.
From 2000 to 2002 Stiff was president of the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Under his leadership, the NCTM pushed for a greater emphasis on basic computational skills in elementary and secondary school mathematics education, and for an appropriate emphasis on conceptual understanding. Stiff rejected simple solutions to complex issues, saying that "Back to basics is moving backward. Number-crunching alone is no longer enough." Instead, Stiff has recommended better training and incentives for mathematics teachers, a teaching style that incorporates a variety of ways of looking at the same material, and an attitude that all students can learn mathematics regardless of their background.
In 1995 he was a Fulbright scholar in Ghana. In 2009 he was an NCSU College Distinguished Award recipient, and in 2010 the NCSU College of Education gave him their Distinguished Alumni Award.

</doc>
<doc id="31212722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212722" title="National Infrastructure Development Company">
National Infrastructure Development Company

The National Infrastructure Development Company Limited (NIDCO), is a state owned company of Trinidad and Tobago. It was founded on January 11, 2005, but the inaugural Board was appointed on 22 March 2005 It is carrying out infrastructure projects that form Vision 2020, which is a plan created by the government, to achieve first world status, by the year 2020. NIDCO Major infrastructure projects missions are drainage and flood control, reclamation, highway and transportation sectors and also NIDCO is responsible for the provision of project management services, procurement of consultants and contractors, and oversight of project execution within agreed time, costs and quality parameters.

</doc>
<doc id="31212735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212735" title="Nea Propontida">
Nea Propontida

Nea Propontida (, "New Propontis") is a municipality in the Chalkidiki regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Nea Moudania.
Municipality.
The municipality Nea Propontida was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31212740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212740" title="Domna Samiou">
Domna Samiou

Domna Samiou (; 12 October 1928 – 10 March 2012) was a prominent Greek researcher and performer of Greek folk music. She received her first formal musical training from Simon Karas. For over half a century she has been collecting, recording and performing all over the world the traditional songs of Greece (demotika), appealing not only to the Greek diaspora, but also introducing non-Greek audiences to traditional Greek folk music.
Biography.
Born in the poor district of Kaisariani, Athens in 1928 (one of many neighbourhoods established with the influx of Greek refugees from Turkey in 1922), Samiou was the daughter of Greek refugees from the village Bayındır near Smyrna in Asia Minor. 
Her mother fled to Greece in 1922, whilst her father, who was a prisoner of war, arrived slightly later during the exchange of populations. During her childhood years she lived the harsh life of a refugee, but was also surrounded with the humane solidarity of the refugee communities. It was there that she acquired her deep connection with popular culture and her love for folk music.
At the age of thirteen, whilst attending night school, Domna Samiou received her first formal musical training from Simon Karas at the Association for the Dissemination of National Music, where she was tutored in Byzantine and folk music, as well as being introduced to the idea of field research in music.
Her first professional collaboration was with the National Radio Foundation (E.I.R.), the state-run national radio station of Greece at the time, when she was a member of the Simon Karas choir. In 1954 she became a full-time employee of the station, working in the National Music Section, in effect the folk music section of E.I.R.. Through her work there, she came into contact with the leading traditional musicians of the day, who were part of a great wave of migration from the countryside to Athens. The National Music Section was busy recording them and, as a result, Domna became acquainted with all their various local musical styles. She was herself responsible for supervising records, stage plays and films.
In 1963 Domna Samiou started touring the countryside independently, to record music for the archive she was establishing. Then, in 1971, she left her radio job entirely to focus on her own musical career, accepting an invitation by the composer and performer Dionyssis Savvopoulos to sing at a club called Rodeo, frequented by a youthful anti-junta audience. It marked the beginning of Domna Samiou's impact and influence on generations of young people in Greece. Soon after, she performed at the Bach Festival in London, run at the time by Lila Lalandi. It was a triumphant start to a brilliant musical career: “It made people overcome the embarrassment they felt for folk music”, as she herself stated later.
In 1974, she started her collaboration with Columbia Records, which resulted in a number of LPs over the next years. In 1976-77, together with film directors Fotos Lambrinos and Andreas Thomopoulos, she toured the Greek countryside and produced twenty episodes of 'Musiko Odiporiko' ('Musical Travelogue') on Greek national television (ERT).
In 1981, the Domna Samiou Greek Folk Music Association was founded to preserve and promote Greek traditional music and facilitate the production of records and musical events to the highest standards, free from the demands of commercial record companies.
Within Greece, Domna Samiou’s performances and appearances have been innumerable. She collaborated with renowned Greek and foreign musicians, musicologists, anthropologists and ethnomusicologists; from 1994 to 2004, she taught traditional folk singing at the Museum of Popular Musical Instruments of Athens; she also initiated, taught, and promoted many young musicians, and actively and selflessly undertook numerous initiatives to improve musical education in primary schooling, which she considers of vital importance.
Tributes to her work have been numerous and honours and prizes abundant. In October 1998, a concert was held at the Athens Concert Hall – Domna Samiou at the Megaron Mousikis: the known and the unknown Domna – to celebrate her seventieth birthday. And in 2005, the President of Greece, K. Stefanopoulos, awarded her a medal of honour.
But Domna Samiou's work reaches way beyond the borders of Greece. For forty years, she performed all over the world, in places as distant as Australia and South America, appealing not only to the Greek diaspora, but also introducing non-Greek audiences to “Greek music with no Bouzouki”, as one critic in Sweden put it. Her records have been produced under Swedish and French labels.
At the time of her death, she was involved in producing a thematic series of CDs, accompanied by extensive informative booklets on the contents. She was also organising her personal archive and was preparing to make it available on the Internet.
She died on March 10, 2012, following a short illness.
Selected works.
Musical editions.
Published by Domna Samiou Greek Folk Music Association.
The archive material.
Domna Samiou systematically recorded folk songs from every part of Greece. The material, constituting the Domna Samiou Archive, belongs to the 'Domna Samiou Greek Folk Music Association', and includes around 2.500 songs from villages, settlements and towns of the Greek territory. These recordings, both on analogue tapes and cassettes, were loaned to the Music Library of Greece “Lilian Voudouri”, in order to be digitised. Most of the people who participated in these recordings are no longer alive, a fact that gives the recordings a special significance and unique value. Through this archive material, the manners and customs, as well as the music tradition of Greece remain alive. The Association is preparing this material to make it available on the Internet.
References.
TO VIMA newspaper (1998): Interview (in Greek)
Music Library of Greece “Lilian Voudouri” 

</doc>
<doc id="31212778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212778" title="The Dover Road (play)">
The Dover Road (play)

The Dover Road is a 1921 comedy play by the British writer A. A. Milne.
Plot.
Leonard and Anne drive along the lovers' road to Dover, intending to embark for Calais and go to Paris. The car breaks down and Saunders takes them to a nearby hotel, which turns out to be a residence with servants, owned by a Mr. Latimer. They are told they cannot leave for seven days so that they can see if a marriage between them will work. The next day, Anne begins to notice things about Leonard that she ignored before. Another couple in the house are about to leave after seven days—Leonard's wife Eustasia and her lover Nicholas. 
Adaptation.
In 1934 the play was adapted into an American film, "The Dover Road", directed by J. Walter Ruben and starring Diana Wynyard and Clive Brook. The film's original title was "Where Sinners Meet".

</doc>
<doc id="31212824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212824" title="Eli Barkai">
Eli Barkai

Eli Barkai is a Professor of Physics in Bar Ilan University Ramat-Gan, Israel.
Biography.
He studied Physics in Tel Aviv University, completing his Ph.D in 1998. He then joined Bob Silbey in M.I.T for his post-doc studies. In 2002 he joined the faculty of Notre Dame University and in 2004 returned to Israel.
Research.
His main research is in the field of non-equilibrium statistical mechanics. In particular he helped develop the theory of
fractional kinetic equations for anomalous diffusion and relaxation, theory of single molecule spectroscopy, and weak ergodicity breaking.
Among the physical systems he studied are blinking of quantum dots, the diffusion of cold atoms in atomic traps and the diffusion of single molecules within a live cell.
He receives several prizes: the Krill prize (2006, selected by the Wolf foundation), the Michael Bruno Memorial award (2009, selected by Yad Hanadiv) and
the Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel Research award (2011, selected by the Alexander von Humboldt foundation).

</doc>
<doc id="31212825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212825" title="Sayahnam">
Sayahnam

Sayahnam () is a 2000 Malayalam feature film that marks the directorial debut of R. Sarath with screenplay by himself. The film is a drama centred around the environmental and anti-nuclear issue in India. It stars O. Madhavan, Gomathi Mahadevan, Ebrahim Kutty, Alex Kadavil, Jomol and Remya Nambeesan. It won seven Kerala State Film Awards and two National Film Awards.
Plot.
An old man K.K. Madhavan noted for his thinking and stance on social issues is proud of his scientist son Siddharthan but upset about the country's involvement in nuclear tests. He continues his crusade against nuclear weapons but together with his loyal wife Bharathi finds himself increasingly isolated as his own son, his party and the country celebrate the nuclear advances made in India.

</doc>
<doc id="31212838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212838" title="Partners in South-South Cooperation">
Partners in South-South Cooperation

Partners in South-South Cooperation, formerly Programme for South-South Cooperation PSC, is a development cooperation comprising several developing countries working together towards sustainable development and to fight poverty. Currently Benin, Bhutan and Costa Rica are partners in the cooperation and other countries have expressed interest.
Since its inception in 2006 Partners has managed 34 projects in the three countries.
While initial funding was provided by the Netherlands to kickstart the process, the cooperation is run independently by the members who support each other through knowledge transfer and exchange. This is distinctively different from the traditional development approach where developing countries highly depend on expensive and not always adequate Northern expertise and consultants (technical assistance).
Partners's guiding principles are Equality (among members), Reciprocity (between members on each project) and Participation (inclusion of civil society, governments, local authorities, professional associations, businesses, indigenous people). The cooperation emphasizes economic and social development and environmental protection within the prioritized sustainable development themes - water, agriculture and biodiversity.
Partners supports innovation through seeding initiatives, replicating successes, establishing transnational partnerships and disseminating information in five thematic areas:
History.
During the World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) held in Johannesburg in 2002, the Republic of Benin, the Kingdom of Bhutan and the Republic of Costa Rica entered into a Strategic Partnership for Cooperation on Sustainable Development, signing an agreement on the 31 of August 2002. This agreement was the outcome of the collaboration of the three partner countries and the Kingdom of the Netherlands within the framework of the Sustainable Development Agreements (SDAs).
During the Joint Committee Meeting of the Bilateral Agreements for Sustainable Development in May 2005 the three countries reaffirmed their commitment to the pursuit of sustainable development goals and created the Programme for South-South Cooperation on Sustainable Development between Benin, Bhutan and Costa Rica (PSC).
The organization changed its name to Partners in South-South Cooperation in 2011.
Projects.
Since its beginning Partners has managed 34 projects. Activities are orientated towards issues such as capacity building, enhancing existing social capital, technology development and transfer, improving market access and small investments in physical assets.
Sample projects:
Beneficiaries.
Principal beneficiaries of the Partners projects are the partner countries’ citizens, especially rural communities, women, micro and small enterprises, consumers, users of energy, small-scale farmers and forest dwellers.
Secondary beneficiaries are intermediate and participant organizations, such as grass-root organizations of the direct beneficiaries (like community organizations, cooperatives, associative enterprises, marketing boards), governmental and non-governmental development and environment institutions, local authorities, academic and research institutions and private sector companies.
Award.
In 2010 Partners received the UNDP South-South Cooperation Award in the category ‘Partnership’.
Criteria for selection were:
From the jury report:
" The South-South Cooperation Programme has focused its efforts on three components of sustainable development: economic development, social development and environmental protection, three pillars that uphold one another. In its wide range of projects, including conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity, sustainable agriculture, and development of low-cost renewable technologies, global thinking has been translated into local performance by the people of three countries on three different continents."
Governance and Funding.
Joint Committee:
The Joint Committee is composed of high-level representatives from each partner country and provides political support and policy directions. The Joint Committee meets at least once every two years.
Management Board:
The Management Board (MB) consists of three representatives of the National Mechanisms Benin, Bhutan and Costa Rica. The MB meets twice a year and meetings are held in English. The MB decides on the policies governing Partners and on the allocation of funds to projects. The MB jointly appraises funding to proposals submitted by the National Mechanisms after evaluation.
Secretariat:
As administrator of Partners for South-South Cooperation, the National Mechanism of Costa Rica (Fundecooperación) provides the Secretariat. 
Tasks of the Secretariat include implementation, monitoring, transfer of funds, evaluation of proposals, reporting and external relations.
National Mechanism:
The National Mechanisms designated by the governments of Benin, Bhutan and Costa Rica are the key actors at the national level.
Costa Rica: Fundecooperación para el Desarrollo Sostenible
Benin: Centre de Partenariat et d’Expertise pour le Développement Durable
Bhutan: Sustainable Development Secretariat
Partners in South-South Cooperation is funded by a 13,2 million US Dollar grant from the Netherlands for the period 2007–2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31212860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212860" title="The Golden Rabbit">
The Golden Rabbit

The Golden Rabbit is a 1962 British comedy film directed by David MacDonald and starring Timothy Bateson, Maureen Beck and Willoughby Goddard.
Plot.
A bank clerk attempts to get rich by manufacturing gold.

</doc>
<doc id="31212871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212871" title="New Zealand women's national ice hockey team">
New Zealand women's national ice hockey team

The New Zealand women's national ice hockey team represents New Zealand at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by New Zealand Ice Hockey Federation. As of 2011, New Zealand has 110 female players. The New Zealand women's national team is ranked 25th in the world.
Olympic record.
New Zealand hockey team has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.
World Championship record.
The New Zealand women team participates in the world championship since 2005. At its first three participations of world championship, the New Zealanders finished every time the second or the third place of the division IV.
All-time Record against other nations.
"As of 14 September 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="31212890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212890" title="Battle of Castlehaven">
Battle of Castlehaven

The Battle of Castlehaven was a naval battle that took place on 6 December 1601 in the bay off Castlehaven on the south coast of Ireland during the Nine Years' War between a Spanish naval convoy of six ships and an English fleet, commanded by Admiral Richard Leveson and consisting of four warships. Protecting the Spanish convoy were fortified positions on shore, a castle and 600 Spanish and Irish footmen. Five out of six Spanish ships, commanded by General Pedro de Zubiaur were either sunk captured or run aground in the battle, while the English fleet lost no ships.
Background.
On 23 September 1601 a Spanish Fleet under Don Juan del Águila arrived in Kinsale harbour. Zubiaur with six ships became separated from the main fleet. Eventually Zubiar arrived with a total force of 2000 men near Castlehaven on 1 December. At that time Castlehaven Castle was held by the O'Driscoll clan and they welcomed the Spanish. On 2 December, a day after the Spanish arrived in Castlehaven, Lord Mountjoy was informed that seven Spanish ships had entered the harbour of Castlehaven. On 4 December, Mountjoy received confirmation of the story. The danger posed by the Spaniards’ arrival was immediately realized, and Mountjoy took immediate steps to strengthen English defences. The commander of the English naval forces at Kinsale, Admiral Leveson, was ordered to "seeke the Spanish fleete at Castlehaven, to take them if he could, or otherwise to distresse them as much as he might." Leveson then left his vice-admiral Preston to guard Kinsale harbour and took the rest of the fleet heavily armed to Castlehaven.
Battle.
Leveson had with him four naval vessels, "Warspite", "Defiance", "Swiftsure", and "Merlin", as well as a merchantman and a carvel. The following day, the wind was blowing inland, thereby preventing the English ships from leaving. Leveson had his vessels towed out of Kinsale harbour, and he then set off for Castlehaven. At 10 o’clock the next morning, 6 December, Leveson’s fleet arrived off Castlehaven. Zubiaur however was ready for them with an eight-gun battery at the mouth of the harbour. A Captain Fleming commanding the 10 gun "Merlin" rowed through Spanish fire to make a channel for the 518 ton "Warspite" to follow. A heavy pounding from the Spanish shore batteries and the vessels ensued which Leveson said ‘much annoyed’ him. From then until four o’clock that afternoon the two sides battled. The 200 ton Spanish flagship was sunk with most hands. Zubiaur’s other 200 ton vessel began to sink and settled in shallow water. Three more Spanish vessels were pounded until their crews forced them onto the rocks after sustaining continuous fire particularly from the big galleons "Defiance" and "Warspite". Finally a Spanish merchant was boarded and captured and was found to have wheat and biscuits before being abandoned and it too being driven aground.
With all but one of the Spanish vessels neutralised, and with the wind blowing onshore, Leveson managed to withdraw his ships, being towed out under fire from the remaining shore batteries. The Spanish were now being reinforced by more Irish foot men. Leveson's ships were running low on ammunition as they were continually returning fire. The fleet had suffered moderate damage; "Warspite" alone had suffered twelve killed and forty wounded out of a total of 150 casualties but no ships were lost.
Aftermath.
Most of the time Leveson had to tow his ships to Kinsale as the wind never seemed to be in his favour. Leveson had achieved a victory, neutralising Zubiaur’s naval potential. He would assist in Mountjoy's siege of Kinsale; he closed off the bay and blockaded it from the sea which was crucial to the English victory there. The Spanish garrison at Castlehaven was now cut off but distributed themselves around the area; at Baltimore (Donneshed Castle), but these soon surrendered when news of the defeat at Kinsale came through. Pedro De Zubiaur made his way back to Spain and was arrested for his responsibilities but later released.

</doc>
<doc id="31212925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212925" title="Radio, Electrical and Television Retailers' Association">
Radio, Electrical and Television Retailers' Association

The Radio, Electrical and Television Retailers' Association is the main trade association for independent electronic (including television and audio) retailers in the United Kingdom. It was formed in 1942.
Structure.
It is situated in the unitary authority of Bedford, off "Ampthill Road" (A6), near Bedford St Johns railway station. It is the UK's largest trade association for electrical and electronic retailers.
It holds an annual conference in April each year, which first began in 1961.
Purpose.
A register of accredited members (retailers) is available on the website. This is a useful resource to find nearby reputable suppliers, especially in a recent years with the digital switchover – potentially lucrative for television retailers, with much (analogue) equipment becoming obsolete.
Because most terminology regarding electrical and electronic equipment is beyond the average consumer, purchasers can be easily misled by confusing sales talk, or prefer not to ask 'dumb' questions. Retailers may take advantage of this situation, and RETRA seeks to prevent any unethical sales practices that pull the wool over consumers' eyes, by including a code of practice that retailers belonging to RETRA must follow, which seeks to protect the consumer. The Office of Fair Trading (quango) seeks to cover consumers generally, but simply does not have the time or manpower to identify problems in every avenue of retailing. RETRA provides the in-depth knowledge that the OFT could never have.

</doc>
<doc id="31212941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212941" title="Robert Spencer, 1st Viscount Teviot">
Robert Spencer, 1st Viscount Teviot

Robert Spencer, 1st Viscount Teviot (1629 – 20 May 1694), styled The Honourable Robert Spencer until 1685, was an English politician from the Spencer family who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679.
Spencer was a younger son of William Spencer, 2nd Baron Spencer of Wormleighton, and his wife Lady Penelope Wriothesley, daughter of Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton. Henry Spencer, 1st Earl of Sunderland was his elder brother. He was baptised on 2 February 1629. He studied at Christ Church, Oxford and was admitted at King's College, Cambridge in 1646. He also studied at the university of Padua in 1648 while travelling in France and Italy, returning to England in 1651. He was made Doctor of Civil Law (DCL) at Oxford in 1669.
In 1660, Spencer was elected Member of Parliament for Great Bedwyn in the Convention Parliament. In 1661 he was elected MP for Brackley in the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679.
He held a number of offices as: commissioner of assessment of taxes in Northamptonshire (1661–74) and Middlesex (1664–69); commissioner for excise appeals (1663–89), joint farmer of Barbados sugar duties (1670–77) and commissioner of the Privy Seal (1685–87).
He was created Viscount Teviot in the Peerage of Scotland on 10 October 1685.
Spencer married Jane Spencer, daughter of Sir Thomas Spencer, of Yarnton, Oxfordshire. He died childless, aged 65, in May 1694, having committed suicide by cutting his own throat when "sick of a fever and light headed".

</doc>
<doc id="31212944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212944" title="Euphydryas editha taylori">
Euphydryas editha taylori

Euphydryas editha taylori also known by its common name Taylor's Checkerspot is a butterfly native to an area of the Northwestern United States and Vancouver Island.
Description.
The Taylor’s Checkerspot, also known as the Whulge Checkerspot, is the darkest subspecies of the "Euphydryas" genus. It is a subspecies of Edith's Checkerspot. This butterfly has a wing span of less than . It gets its name from the checkered color pattern on its wings that consist of black, orange and white coloring. Taylor's Checkerspot once ranged from the Willamette Valley in Oregon to Vancouver Island in British Columbia.
Conservation status.
The Taylor’s Checkerspot butterfly is at extreme risk of going extinct. It has been a candidate species for the U.S. Endangered Species Act since 2001. In Washington it is listed as a species of concern and has an active conservation program. In Oregon Taylor’s checkerspot is on the Threatened and Endangered Species list, but receives no protection under state statute. Before its dramatic decline the Taylor’s Checkerspot was documented at more than seventy sites, but is currently found only at twelve sites in Washington and two in Oregon. It is currently listed as endangered in Canada, owing to the recent discovery of populations on Denman Island.
Threats.
The biggest threat to its survival is the loss of prairie habitat due to contemporary settlement. Since the arrival of European-Americans, more than 99% of the lowland prairies has been destroyed. The reason for this is that prairies are prime locations for agriculture as well as development of all types due to the lack of trees and flat topography. Along with habitat loss the subspecies is impacted by pesticide use that makes their plight even worse. Increased risk of harm due to drought is another major concern since they are now stuck on these patches of habitat with no chance to migrate to more suitable places.

</doc>
<doc id="31212948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212948" title="Romania women's national ice hockey team">
Romania women's national ice hockey team

The Romanian women's national ice hockey team represents Romania at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Romanian Ice Hockey Federation. As of 2011, Romania has 44 female players. The Romanian women's national team is ranked 31st in the world.
History.
The Romanian women's national team made their debut at the 2011 Women's World Ice Hockey Championships. They took fifth place in the qualification event for Division II and thus entered the newly founded Division III in the following year. At the 2004 Women's World Championship, they were relegated to Division IV, which is where they have been competing since then. As the lower divisions saw no match play in 2009, and there was no IIHF World Women's Championship in the Olympic year 2010, the Romanian team will play their first World Championship match in three years at the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championship.
Olympic record.
The Romanian women's hockey team has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.
All-time record against other nations.
"As of September 14, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="31212958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212958" title="Deep Dark Robot">
Deep Dark Robot

Deep Dark Robot is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2010. The band currently consists of Linda Perry (lead vocals, guitars, bass guitar, keyboards) and Tony Tornay (drums, percussion).

</doc>
<doc id="31212980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212980" title="Dent Favre">
Dent Favre

The Dent Favre is a mountain in the Bernese Alps, located between the Dent de Morcles and the Grand Muveran. Its summit straddles the border between the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="31212982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212982" title="Eventide, Inc">
Eventide, Inc

Eventide, Inc. (also known earlier as Eventide Clock Works Inc., or today simply Eventide) is an audio and broadcast, communications, and avionics company in the United States whose audio division manufactures digital audio processors and DSP software, and guitar effects. Eventide was one of the first companies to manufacture digital audio processors, and its products are mainstays in Sound recording and reproduction, post production, and broadcast studios.
Beginnings.
Eventide was founded by recording engineer Stephen Katz, inventor Richard Factor, and businessman/patent attorney Orville Greene. The business was founded in the basement of the Sound Exchange, a recording studio located at 265 West 54th Street in New York and owned by Greene. When Katz needed to rewind the analog tape back to a specific point on their Ampex MM1000 multitrack recorder, but limited space in the studio did not allow for a "tape op" device. Katz asked Factor to build a gadget that would do the job, and the resulting device turned into an Original equipment manufacturer (OEM) success for Ampex. Other early products included a two-second delay for telephone research and an electrostatic deflector for dispensing nanoliter quantities of chemical reagents.
Eventide's original product line consisted of two products: the Instant Phaser (the result of an AES Show appearance) and what would become the 1745 Digital Delay Line (the result of a significant order from Maryland Public Broadcasting).
Beginning with the 1745M, Eventide began widely using Random-access memory (RAM) chips in many of their products. After purchasing a Hewlett-Packard computer for researching reverb algorithms and needing to upgrade the memory in order for the computer to handle the necessary complex computations, Eventide designers realized that they could manufacture computer memory expansion far more affordably than the current market price. Therefore, Eventide began to manufacture and sell HP-compatible RAM expansion boards and did so from the late 1970s to the mid-1990s.
Aviation.
Shortly after Eventide moved its offices from Manhattan to New Jersey, its President earned a private airplane pilot's license. Surprised that moving map displays were not available for small airplanes, he had Eventide develop Argus, the first moving map system, and one of the first multi-function displays designed for general aviation use.
Digital Logging.
In the early 1990s, Eventide developed digital logging machines that enabled broadcasters to begin archiving digitally with improved audio quality and far greater storage capabilities (via DAT and later DVD-RAM) than they previously had been working with.
Eventide offers advanced Communications Logging Recorders and Instant Recall Recorders for P25, NG911, Public Safety, Utilities, and Air Traffic Control facilities. The NexLog mission-critical communications logging systems capture, store, protect, reproduce, and manage important interactions and critical data. 
H910 Harmonizer.
The Eventide H910 Harmonizer, was first demonstrated to universally positive reactions at the AES show in late 1974. It was designed by Eventide's first engineer, Tony Agnello (who went on to become the president of Eventide's audio division). The pre-production prototype was a hand-wired box topped with a music keyboard controller. Jon Anderson of the band Yes was among those impressed, and he became a tester for the first prototype. The production H910 was released in 1975, offering pitch shifting (±1 octave), delay (up to 112.5 ms), feedback regeneration and other features in an easy-to-use box that sold for $1,600. The H910 was named after a Beatles tune (the model number refers to the "One After 909").
The first H910 customer was New York City's Channel 5, utilizing it to downward pitch shift "I Love Lucy" reruns that were sped up to create room to run more commercials. Speeding up the reruns had increased the pitch of the audio, and the H910 was able to shift that pitch back to where it originally had been. Frank Zappa added it to his guitar processing rig. Producer Tony Visconti used the H910 to create the snare sound on David Bowie's song "Young Americans", as did Tony Platt on AC/DC's song "Back in Black". Another popular application was to use two H910s, slightly detuned with a small delay. Notable users of this twin Harmonizer effect included Eddie Van Halen, who used it for his trademark guitar sound, and Tom Lord-Alge, who used it for the vocals on the hit Steve Winwood song "Back in the High Life Again". Recognizing the popularity of this application, Eventide later recreated it as the "Dual 910" program in the H3000 UltraHarmonizer released in the late 1980s.
The H910 Harmonizer was recognized by the AES with a TECnology Hall of Fame award in 2007, and on November 10, 1976, Eventide filed a trademark registration for "Harmonizer," and Eventide continues to maintain its rights to the Harmonizer trademark today.

</doc>
<doc id="31212983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212983" title="List of presidents of Cornell University">
List of presidents of Cornell University

The following people have served as presidents of Cornell University.

</doc>
<doc id="31212986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212986" title="Bait (1950 film)">
Bait (1950 film)

Bait is a 1950 British crime film directed by Frank Richardson and starring Diana Napier, John Bentley, Willoughby Goddard and John Oxford. A gang steal some diamonds, sell them on the black market to a buyer and then plan to steal them back again.
Plot.
This British mystery concerns a gang of four jewel thieves, led by Diana Napier, who steal two highly valuable diamonds out of a set of earrings. Napier sells them to a dishonest businessman (Willoughby Goddard) at his country estate, but the gang plans to return later and steal them back. However, Goddard's long-lost half-brother (John Benley) suddenly returns to the estate accompanied by his new fiancée (Patricia Owens). Bentley wants to claim his half of the inheritance, but soon discovers that his half-brother has squandered the family fortune and is now engaged in buying and selling stolen gems. He confronts Goddard, who panics, and hits Bentley over the head with a poker. As he is about to strike a death blow, a shot rings out and Goddard falls dead. The police arrest Bentley for the murder but soon have to release him for lack of evidence. Meanwhile, Patricia Owens tries to find the real killer by playing up to one of the members of the gang, who happens to be an old boyfriend of hers. 

</doc>
<doc id="31212987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212987" title="Fine motor skill">
Fine motor skill

Fine motor skill is the coordination of small muscle movements which occur in body parts such as the fingers, usually in coordination with the eyes. In relation to motor skills of hands and fingers, the term dexterity is commonly used. When applied to the theory of human aptitude, this is called "manual dexterity". The high level of manual dexterity that humans exhibit can be attributed to the manner in which manual tasks are controlled by the nervous system. 
Hand movements are initiated by commands originating from a region of the primary motor cortex that contain a high number of specialized corticospinal (CST) neurons, termed corticomotoneuronal (CM) cells. CM cells descend into the spinal cord to form monosynaptic connections with motor neurons in the anterior horn. Research has shown that these monosynaptic connections may account for the high amount of manual dexterity observed in primates, including humans.
Two types of motor skills.
Motor skills are movements and actions of the muscles. They are categorized in two groups: gross motor skills and fine motor skills. Gross motor skills involve movement of the arms, legs, feet, or entire body. This includes actions such as running, crawling, walking, swimming, and other activities that involve larger muscles. Fine motor skills are the small movements that occur in the hands, wrists, fingers, feet, toes, lips and tongue. They are the smaller actions that occur such as picking up objects between the thumb and finger, using a pencil to write carefully, holding a fork and using it to eat, and other small muscle tasks that occur on a daily basis.
These two motor skills develop together and strongly involve coordination. Through each developmental stage of a child’s life, toddlerhood, preschool, and school age, motor skills will gradually develop and between age 6 and 12 children typically will have mastered basic fine motor skills. They will keep developing with age and with practice and the increased use of muscles while playing sports, playing an instrument, using the computer, and writing.
Common problems.
Fine motor skills can become impaired. Some reasons for impairment could be injury, illness, stroke, congenital deformities, cerebral palsy, and developmental disabilities. Problems with the brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves, muscles, or joints can also have an effect on fine motor skills, and decrease control. If an infant or child up to age five is not developing their fine motor skills, they will show signs of difficulty controlling coordinated body movements with the hands, fingers, and face. In young children, the delay in the ability to sit up or learn to walk can be an early sign that there will be issues with fine motor skills. Children may also show signs of difficulty with tasks such as cutting with scissors, drawing lines, folding clothes, holding a pencil and writing, and zipping a zipper. These are tasks that involve fine motor skills, and if a child has difficulty with these they might have poor hand eye coordination and could need therapy to improve their skills.
Assessment.
Many tests have been developed in order to assess fine motor skills. Among them include force matching tasks. Humans exhibit a high degree of accuracy in force matching tasks where an individual is instructed to match a reference force applied to a finger with the same or different finger. Humans also exhibit a high degree of accuracy during grip force matching tasks. These aspects of manual dexterity are apparent in the ability for humans to effectively use tools.

</doc>
<doc id="31212991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31212991" title="Peter Thackeray">
Peter Thackeray

Peter Robert Thackeray (born 26 September 1950) is a Kenyan born former English cricketer. Thackeray was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Nairobi, Kenya.
Thackeray played three times for Devon in the 1972 Minor Counties Championship against Cornwall, the Somerset Second XI and Oxfordshire. He made his first-class debut for Oxford University against Leicestershire in 1974. He made seven further first-class appearances for the University in 1974, playing his final first-class match in the 1974 University Match against Cambridge University at Lord's. In his eight first-class matches, Thackeray scored 315 runs at a batting average of 28.63, with two half centuries and a high score of 65* against Worcestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="31213001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213001" title="Icaricia icarioides blackmorei">
Icaricia icarioides blackmorei

Icaricia icarioides blackmorei also known by its common name Puget Blue is a butterfly native to the Puget Sound area.
Description.
The Puget Blue is a small blue and grey butterfly with a wingspan of around 1.8 inches in the Lycaenidae family. The male has dorsal wings that are a silvery blue with a wide dark margin. The female is grey-brown with diffuse blue patches at the base of the wings. The range of this species spans from Vancouver Island and the Olympic Mountains in Alpine to Subalpine habitat to the lowland prairies of the South Puget Sound. 
Conservation status.
At this time, the Puget Blue has not yet been designated endangered or threatened by the federal government, but it is a candidate species for restoration in the State of Washington. Populations in the prairies have declined due to the loss of prairies as well as the encroachment of woody vegetation such as Douglas-fir ("Pseudotsuga menziesii") and Scotch broom ("Cytisus scoparius"). 
Threats.
Scotch broom out-competes the host plants of this butterfly species and as a nitrogen fixer it alters the natural nutrient balance in the soils. Because many prairie species, such as their host plant, the lupine ("Lupinus lepidus"), have adapted to thrive on much lower nutrient levels the increased nutrient loading greatly inhibits the lupines ability to thrive. The subalpine populations have increased as logging activities have cleared land allowing the expansion of their host plant the lupine. The biggest threat to the subalpine populations is climate change, while the prairie populations are most threatened by habitat loss and fragmentation. Land management techniques used to maintain prairies such as controlled burns, can either help or hurt populations of native butterflies. If timed correctly controlled burns can greatly increase that year’s lupine crop, giving the Puget Blue a better chance at success.

</doc>
<doc id="31213004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213004" title="Datta Khel airstrike">
Datta Khel airstrike

The Datta Khel airstrike was an American airstrike carried out on 17 March 2011 in Datta Khel, North Waziristan that killed 44 people and led to widespread condemnation in Pakistan. Sherabat Khan Wazir, a top commander of Hafiz Gul Bahadur's Taliban faction, was killed in the strike, and in response Bahadur threatened to end the peace deal struck with the Pakistani government almost four years earlier. The airstrike was part of a long series of drone attacks in Pakistan carried out by the CIA and United States military. It occurred just two days after "diyya", a form of compensation paid to a victim's family under Islamic law, was paid for the release of U.S. CIA operative Raymond Allen Davis, signaling a resumption of U.S. activity after a several week hiatus while Davis' pardon on murder charges was being negotiated.
Attack.
According to Pakistani intelligence officials, the attack targeted a compound where several dozen people believed to be Taliban militants linked to Hafiz Gul Bahadur were meeting. On 17 March 2011, two or three missiles were fired within three minutes, killing at least 44 people and injuring around fifteen others. A security official in Peshawar said that the building that was attacked was used as a training location and meeting place for militants. A car that was transporting additional suspected militants near the location of the primary target was also fired upon.
Of those killed, a Pakistani security official said that eleven Taliban personnel were killed in the attack, while the remainder were civilians. According to a local tribesman, however, the suspected militants were actually a group of tribal elders from a nearby village who were having a business meeting. The meeting was said to be regarding the disputed sale of a chromite mine in the area. The tribesman said that a commander loyal to Bahadur, Sharabat Khan, was present, but only because he was also a tribal elder. Khan was reported to have been killed in the attack. After the attack the Taliban faction led by Hafiz Gul Bahadur threatened to cancel the peace deal with Pakistani government to protest the governments inability to halt drone attacks.
Reaction.
General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, the Chief of Army Staff of Pakistan Army, issued a statement saying that the attack was "in complete violation of human rights" and that "such aggression against people of Pakistan is unjustified and intolerable under any circumstances." Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani condemned the attack, saying that it would only strengthen the hands of militants. The governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Syed Masood Kausar, also strongly condemned the attack, saying that civilians and policemen were killed.
Pakistan foreign secretary Salman Bashir asked the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan, Cameron Munter, for an explanation and an apology. After the attack, Pakistan said it would not attend talks with the United States on 26 March 2011 in Brussels to discuss the future of Afghanistan. The foreign ministry of Pakistan stated that "t is evident that the fundamentals of our relations need to be revisited… Pakistan should not be taken for granted nor treated as a client state." The US embassy in Pakistan refused to comment, saying it was not aware that such talks had been proposed.
The attack came shortly after CIA contractor Raymond Allen Davis, who had been arrested on charges of killing two people in January, was released, and protests against his release were expected to intensify after the drone strike.
Protests.
Thousands of Pakistani protesters took to the street following the attack. The US Embassy in Islamabad and consulates in Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar were closed due to security concerns. Thousands of protesters gathered in the capital Islamabad, chanting "of the US are traitors", "[down with America" and "ang Zardari." In Miranshah more than a thousand locals collected and demanded compensation for the dead and an immediate stop to the drone attacks.
Military.
After the attack, the Pakistani Air Force increased air patrols of the northwestern tribal areas in Pakistan. It also cancelled holidays and breaks for officials in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="31213015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213015" title="Diana Napier">
Diana Napier

Diana Napier (1905–1982) was a British film actor. She was born Alice Mary Ellis in Bath, Somerset, on 31 January 1905. She died in Windelsham, Surrey on 12 March 1982, aged 77.
Napier, known to her family as "Mollie", was married three times. Her first husband was the actor G.H. Mulcaster whom she married in 1927 and later divorced. Her second was the Austrian tenor, Richard Tauber (1891–1948), to whom she was married from 1936 until his death, and her third was the Polish artist, Stanislaw Wolkowicki whom she had met during the war she worked for the Polish Red Cross and married in 1953. He died in 1965, and she was buried with him in the Churchyard of St. Michael and All Angels, Sunningdale, Berkshire in 1982.
Napier was the daughter of Major APB Ellis, an ENT specialist and sometime army surgeon, and Alice Napier. She took her mother's maiden name as her screen name. Having spent much of her childhood in South Africa, where she attended the Maris Stella School in Durban, the family returned to England and she embarked on a stage career. After a few years in repertory, she was offered a screen test by Alexander Korda, and made a few films before he dropped her. She then appeared in 1935 opposite Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. in "Mimi", a film directed by Paul L. Stein, a childhood friend of Richard Tauber, who had directed Tauber's first British film "Blossom Time" in 1934. It was through Paul Stein she met Tauber, and appeared with him in three films made in 1935/36, the first of them, "Heart's Desire", under Stein's direction. For five years, 1935 until 1940, she rented the Villa Capri at Elstree, where she lived with Tauber from the time of their marriage.
Shortly before Tauber's death, she set up an artists studio in Beauchamp Place, which became the design and display company Diana Display Ltd. (later DNT Associates) based in Parsons Green, Fulham, London.
She published a biography of her husband in 1949, a volume of autobiography ("My Heart and I", 1959), and collaborated with Charles Castle on "This was Richard Tauber", a book and a film issued in 1971 to mark what would have been Tauber's 80th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="31213048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213048" title="Cardiogenesis">
Cardiogenesis

Cardiogenesis Corporation (OtherOTC:CGCP) is a medical device company specializing in products for the treatment of chronic cardiac ischemia.
The company's Ho:YAG laser system and disposable fiber-optic accessories are used to perform an FDA-cleared surgical procedure known as Transmyocardial revascularization(TMR). As a surgical tool, Holmium:YAG is used in a variety of medical specialties including orthopedics, urology, ENT, gynecology, gastroenterology and cardiac surgery. The fiberoptic delivery of the Ho:YAG laser makes available the minimally invasive delivery of the prescribed energy to the surgical site via ports or small incisions.
Founded in 1989, Cardiogenesis is headquartered in Irvine, California and sells its products primarily in the United States with clinical centers in Europe and Asia. As of 2011, it has approximately 30 direct employees with stated past year revenue over $11,000,000.
The term cardiogenesis is defined as the development of the heart in the embryo. The corporation derives its name from this word and the clinical support that TMR stimulates growth of new blood vessels in heart tissue.
Market.
Cardiogenesis products focus on the treatment of refractory angina in patients with diffuse coronary artery disease(CAD). Patients suffering from chronic angina (chest pain) are generally managed aggressively with medications to help alleviate their symptoms and frequently receive multiple coronary interventions and even bypass surgery over the course of the advancement of their disease. When chest pain continues in spite of treatments, the condition is considered, “refractory angina.”
Coronary artery disease remains a leading cause of death for persons over the age of 65 in the United States. It is estimated that in the United States 100,000-200,000 symptomatic patients are diagnosed each year with refractory angina but are not candidates for further intervention or bypass surgery. A contemporary study indicates that as many of 3 out of 10 patients with CAD may have incomplete revascularization. 
In addition to the TMR procedure, Cardiogenesis is developing proprietary catheter-based systems for the delivery of biologics, such as stem cells, as an adjunctive therapy for this patient population.

</doc>
<doc id="31213049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213049" title="South Africa women's national ice hockey team">
South Africa women's national ice hockey team

The South Africa women's national ice hockey team represents South Africa at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by South African Ice Hockey Association. The South African national team is the only national women's ice hockey team on the entire African continent. As of 2012, South Africa has 52 female players. The South Africa women's national team is ranked 31st in the world.
History.
The South African women's national ice hockey team has participated in International Ice Hockey Federation events since the 1999 IIHF Women's World Championship. At their first World Championship in 1999, the team were unable to qualify for the B World Championship held the next year. In the following year, they were again unable to qualify for the B World Championship and were relegated several times over the following years, competing at the 2008 IIHF Women's World Championship in Division IV, the fifth World Championship level in women's ice hockey. As Divisions III to V saw no match play at the 2009 World Championship and there was no IIHF World Women's Championship in 2010 because of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics, South Africa played their first World Championships match in three years in 2011, competing in Division IV.
Olympic record.
South Africa hockey team has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.
All-time record against other nations.
"As of September 14, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="31213050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213050" title="Utkuhiksalik dialect">
Utkuhiksalik dialect

Utkuhiksalik, Utkuhikhalik, Utkuhikhaliq, Utkuhiksalingmiutitut, Utkuhiksalingmiutut, Utkuhiksalingmiut Inuktitut, Utku, Gjoa Haven dialect is a sub-dialect of Natsilingmiutut ("Nattiliŋmiut") dialect of Inuvialuktun (Western Canadian Inuit or Inuktitut) language once spoken in the Utkuhiksalik (Uᑦᑯᓯᒃᓴᓕᒃ Chantrey Inlet) area of Nunavut, and now spoken mainly by elders in Uqsuqtuuq (or Uqšuqtuuq ᐅᖅᓱᖅᑑᖅ Gjoa Haven) and Qamani'tuaq (ᖃᒪᓂ‛ᑐᐊᖅ Baker Lake) on mainland Canada. It is generally written in Inuktitut syllabics.
The traditional territory of the Utkuhiksalingmiut / Utkuhikhalingmiut / Ukkusiksalingmiut / Utkusiksalinmiut / Ukkuhikhalinmiut (meaning "the people of the place where there is soapstone" or "people who have cooking pots") people lay between Chantrey Inlet and Franklin Lake. They made their pots ("utkuhik" ~ "utkusik") from soapstone of the area, therefore their name.
Utkuhiksalik has been analysed as a subdialect of Natsilik within the Western Canadian Inuktun (Inuvialuktun) dialect continuum. While Utkuhiksalik has much in common with the other Natsilik subdialects, the Utkuhiksalingmiut and the Natsilingmiut were historically distinct groups. Today there are still lexical and phonological differences between Utkuhiksalik and Natsilik.
Comparison.
Utkuhiksalik closely related to Natsilik. The comparison of some words in the two sub-dialects:

</doc>
<doc id="31213052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213052" title="Polites mardon">
Polites mardon

Polites mardon also known by its common name Mardon Skipper is a butterfly native to the United States northwest coast.
Description.
The mardon skipper is a small size (<1 in) butterfly that belongs to the Hesperiidae family. Its habitat extends from the northwestern coast of Washington, through southern Oregon and northern California. In Washington, the Mardon skipper can be found in the Puget prairies and the South Cascades.
Some distinguishing characteristics of this species are an orange hairy body with dark orange accents on the upper surface and a light orange lower surface with white-yellowish rectangular spots. Male specimens are known to be darker than females as well as smaller in size. Other species with very similar attributes include the Sonora skipper ("Polites sonora") and the woodland skipper ("Ochlodes sylvanoides").
This butterfly species, native to the northwest, is most commonly found on prairies populated by native grasses such as Roemer’s fescue ("Festuca roemeri") and red fescue ("Festuca rubra"). These native plants serve as oviposition sites. Some of the native plants that provide the species with nectar include the early blue violet ("Viola adunca"), prairie lupine ("Lupinus lepidus"), as well as Idaho blue-eyed grass ("Sisyrinchum idahoense"), penstemon ("Penstemon" spp.) and vetch ("Vicia" spp.) 
Conservation status.
The mardon skipper butterfly is currently listed as an endangered species in Washington State and classified as a federal endangered species. Its status denotes a high priority for conservation efforts. Over the years, studies have been assessing the decline of this species in the Puget prairies, by conducting population counts and habitat characteristics and their effect on the Mardon skipper’s life cycle.
Threats.
The mardon skipper is a non-migratory species, so its response to changes in habitat is minimized, especially during the larval stage. This species is known to prefer open grasslands populated by native plants that can serve as host plants as well as nectar sources. Their optimal habitat can be easily degraded through conversion and fragmentation, increase in invasive species, as well as changes in weather and human actions.

</doc>
<doc id="31213076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213076" title="Pagliacci (1936 film)">
Pagliacci (1936 film)

Pagliacci is a 1936 British musical film directed by Karl Grune and starring Richard Tauber, Steffi Duna and Diana Napier. It is an adaptation in English of the 1892 opera "Pagliacci" by Ruggiero Leoncavallo. The film is shot partially in color and partially in black-and-white.

</doc>
<doc id="31213080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213080" title="8 Songs About a Girl">
8 Songs About a Girl

8 Songs About a Girl is the debut studio album by American rock band Deep Dark Robot.

</doc>
<doc id="31213084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213084" title="Monument du 22 Novembre 1970, Conakry">
Monument du 22 Novembre 1970, Conakry

The Monument du 22 Novembre 1970 is a monument in Conakry, Guinea that celebrates the defeat of the attempted coup led by Portuguese troops in 1970, named Operation Green Sea.
On 21 November 1970 a group of Portuguese troops assisted by Guinean fighters invaded Conakry from the sea in an attempt to overthrow the Touré regime. They captured Camp Boiro and liberated the prisoners. The camp commandant Siaka Touré managed to hide, but General Lansana Diané, minister of Defense, was captured. He later escaped and took refuge with the ambassador of Algeria.
The coup attempt failed, and in the aftermath many opponents of the regime were rounded up and imprisoned in camp Boiro.
Construction of the monument began before 22 November 1971 in memory of the victims of the coup attempt. 
President Sékou Touré laid the foundation stone. The occasion was attended by many Guinean officials, and by Guinean and Chinese workers at the construction site. The Chinese Charge D'Affaires Tsao Kouan-lin made a speech praising the militant friendship between the people of Guinea and of China.
The monument has the legend: 

</doc>
<doc id="31213087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213087" title="List of numeral systems">
List of numeral systems

This is a list of numeral systems.
By type of notation.
Numeral systems are classified here as to whether they use positional notation (also known as place-value notation), and further categorized by radix or base.
Standard positional numeral systems.
The common names are derived somewhat arbitrarily from a mix of Latin and Greek.
Non-standard positional numeral systems.
Negative bases.
The common names of the negative base numeral systems are formed using the prefix "nega-", giving names such as:
Non-positional notation.
All known numeral systems developed before the Babylonian numerals are non-positional.

</doc>
<doc id="31213093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213093" title="Ampullaria bicarinata">
Ampullaria bicarinata

Ampullaria bicarinata is an extinct species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae.
Distribution.
The type locality of "Ampullaria bicarinata" is Vrška Čuka (in Serbian: Вршка Чука), eastern Serbia near the border of Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="31213113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213113" title="Look (2009 film)">
Look (2009 film)

Look is a 2009 short film written and directed by filmmaker Ryan Pickett.
Cast.
Starina Johnson as Emma
John Ferguson as John
Theresa Meeker as Supermodel
Alison Parson as Hair/Makeup Artist
Ryan Pickett as Photographer
Plot.
"Look" is about a barmaid, Emma (Starina Johnson), who is caught in a daydream when interrupted by a lost model (Theresa Meeker). The desire for beauty reveals an unsettling emptiness.
In an interview with Matthew Saliba of Rogue Cinema, Pickett said, "I feel so alive as a director when making films like this. It's pure emotion. What can we tell you from just our eyes? What are you seeing with yours? Essentially what "Look" is about. Perception and how it works in our lives. The story was just part of the whole, I knew what I wanted to accomplish in this film and worked on a story that would allow that. There actually was a bit more dialogue in the film that I decided to cut out. The story is what you create in your head while watching it, not one I wrote. Or that was my intention." In an onterview with the same writer, Meeker said, "Ryan really left its meaning up to interpretation. There are so many different ways that people could think about Look without being wrong in their analysis of it."
Premier and distribution.
"Look" was premiered at the Regal Cinemas theatre in Green Hills, Tennessee, in spring 2009. "Look" has distribution through IndieFlix online video streaming service.
Production.
"Look" was directed, co-written, produced and edited by Ryan Pickett, who was a top five finalist in the Race to BE entrepreneurship competition hosted by Russell Simmons in Los Angeles. The co-writer was Spenser Fritz and the cinematographer was Shane Bartlett. "Look" was shot on the Red One 4K in Nashville, Tennessee.
Reviews.
According to Sean Kernan's article "Look is an Elegant Examination of Beauty", captivating visuals show why "Look" is an award-winning film. Writer Terra King reviewed "Look" and said that it is "deep and full of metaphor". The Four Word Film Review summarizes the plot of "Look" by saying "Pickett picks apart beauty." Studentfilmmakers.com, a leading educational resource for filmmakers, as well as Filmsnobbery.com, include a press release about "Look" winning the Best Shorts Competition award in their online news section. Brian Skutle of Sonic Cinema says that "Look" has a "lovely score by The Other Deepak" and he says "Pickett has a great eye for visuals and subtle storytelling that I’ll be curious to see more of." Matthew Saliba of Rogue Cimena called the character that Meeker plays a "ravishing bombshell" and he says that "Look" is "directed with an exceptionally keen eye for detail and color by Ryan Pickett". Saliba then says, "The film definitely feels like the "visual poem" the press release makes it out to be insofar as the cinematography (the film was shot on the Red One 4K camera) is stunning and the pacing of the film is almost dreamlike with some interesting sound design work where we catch snippets of conversation and the beginnings of dialogue before it fades out while the character is still speaking. Ryan Pickett won an "Award of Merit" for "Best Student Film" in the 2009 Accolade Competition. While it may not have been for his gift of storytelling, it was certainly awarded for his strong command of visual metaphor and the ability to use film as a way to address social issues without being too Oliver Stone about it." In an interview with Pickett for Rogue Cinema, Saliba says that "Look" "is an exquisite experimental narrative short film that evokes feelings of a Lynchian nature in regards to its masterful use of visual metaphors as well as a Coco Chanel ad in terms of its costume and set design". Mark Bell of Film Threat webzine says, "I think it is better that folks see it and come to their own conclusions. Just as beauty is in the eye of the beholder, the relevance, resonance and power of "Look" resides entirely in the eye of the person watching it."

</doc>
<doc id="31213136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213136" title="Abdul the Damned">
Abdul the Damned

Abdul the Damned is a 1935 British drama film directed by Karl Grune and starring Fritz Kortner, Nils Asther and John Stuart. It was made by British International Pictures. It set in the Ottoman Empire in the years before the First World War, where the eponymous absolutist Sultan Abdul Hamid II and the republican Young Turks battle for power. It is also known as Abdul Hamid.

</doc>
<doc id="31213174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213174" title="Artūrs Zjuzins">
Artūrs Zjuzins

Artūrs Zjuzins (born 18 June 1991 in Riga) is a Latvian football midfielder, currently playing for the Russian National Football League club Baltika Kaliningrad and Latvia national football team.
Club career.
In his youth career Artūrs Zjuzins played for FK Jūrmala-VV, signing his first professional contract in 2007 with FK Ventspils. He played only 2 matches there, being sent to FC Tranzit in 2009. He played 17 matches there, scoring 1 goal. In 2010 he was taken back to FK Ventspils. Elected as the team's captain he played 20 matches that season, scoring 2 goals. In January 2011 it was reported that Zjuzins hadn't been let to join S.S. Lazio for € 425'000. In March 2011 Zjuzins signed a contract with MŠK Žilina, playing in the Slovak Corgoň Liga. It was reported then, that the player had joined the club illegally, with no permission from FK Ventspils, but the situation was solved calmly and the player was let to join the Slovak side. He made his debut for MŠK Žilina against MFK Košice on 15 March 2011, he also scored his first goal for the club then. Despite some good performances, he was released after the season. In August 2011 he was signed by the Russian National Football League team FC Baltika Kaliningrad as a free agent. During his first season in Kaliningrad Zjuzins scored 3 goals in 19 matches. The second season saw him score once in 25 games.
International career.
Zjuzins has represented Latvia at both – U-19 and U-21 levels. He received his first full international call-up for Latvia in 2012 for a friendly match against Kazakhstan on 29 February. Zjuzins scored his first international goal for Latvia in a 1-1 friendly match draw against Estonia on 14 August 2013. That was the debut match for Marian Pahars as the national team's manager. Zjuzins scored for the second match in a row on 6 September 2013, when Latvia beat Lithuania 2-1 in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying match.

</doc>
<doc id="31213196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213196" title="Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome">
Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome

Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (SFTS) is an emerging infectious disease recently discovered in northeast and central China. SFTS has fatality rates ranging from 12% to as high as 30% in some areas. The major clinical symptoms of SFTS are fever, vomiting, diarrhea, multiple organ failure, thrombocytopenia (low platelet count), leucopenia (low white blood cell count), and elevated liver enzyme levels. 
Virology.
SFTS virus (SFTSV) is a Phlebovirus in the family of "Bunyaviridae". The transmission route of SFTSV is unknown, but person-to-person transmission either plays no role or at least is not an important routine of transmission of SFTSV. 
The life cycle of the SFTSV most likely involves arthropod vectors and animal hosts. Humans appear to be accidental hosts and play no role in the life cycle of the SFTSV. SFTSV has been detected in "Haemaphysalis longicornis" ticks.
Epidemiology.
SFTS occurs in China's rural areas from March to November with the majority of cases from April to July. In 2013, Japan and Korea also reported several cases with deaths. 
July 2013 - South Korea reports death toll of 8 since Aug 2012 
Evolution.
The virus originated 50-150 years ago and has undergone a recent population expansion.
History.
In 2009 Xue-jie Yu and colleagues isolated the SFTS virus (SFTSV) from SFTS patients’ blood.

</doc>
<doc id="31213200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213200" title="Poljica Statute">
Poljica Statute

The Poljica Statute, from 1440, is the most important historical source for the Republic of Poljica. The statute determined the law of Poljica, which is, by its form, style, content and establishment of social-economic relations, is totally different from the rest of Croatian statutes.
It is written in short, picturesque sentences that include the norms of Poljica's society from the highest political authorities to the norms that include all Poljicians' interests. Besides the laws written in this statute, the Poljica Statute also contains various decisions and verdicts of authority that, in a few occasions, refer to individuals.
The Poljica Statute was changed as the society of Poljica changed. Another important value of the Poljica Statute is its archaic form, from which one can study the people from Poljica at the time and the people of Croatia in general. Typical features of the Poljica Statute are guarantees of freedom but also acceptance of responsibility to protect Poljica.
History and basic features.
The Poljica Statute is a document of priceless value. Besides learning matters of law, it is possible to study historical, economical, political and other social relations from that time. The Poljica Statute was the result of the wish of the people of Poljice for stronger independence from the Kingdom of Croatia and the Republic of Venice. For that time, the Poljica Statute shows a great level of legal professionalism and consciousness of society. The earliest script from the 13th century Poljica Statute is written in Bosnian Cyrillic. The language of the monument is a mixture of the receding Čakavian dialect and increasingly mode widespread Štokavian dialect and, given that Glagolite clergymen contributed to the text, a considerable number of Church Slavonicisms is present.
The Poljice Statute had some redactions. All redactions occurred at turning points when the Republic of Poljica needed to recognize a new ruler. In the time of the House of Šubić, Poljicians had no need for a statute because they had common interests and goals. The first redaction occurred in 1322 when 18 articles were written which referred to Charles I of Hungary, but he did not accept the statute. This was also confirmed by the charter of Queen Elisabeth of Poland in 1333 in which she mentioned the Poljica Statute.
The second redaction in 1387 was approved by King Tvrtko I of Bosnia. Several variants were later made from this redaction. In 1444, a third redaction was made for the new ruler, the Republic of Venice. In 1485, a fourth redaction was made. This redaction had many changes and additions, and it was created in the time of the personal union between Hungary and Croatia. From all those redactions, it can be seen that new some laws were created, some were repeated, and some were scattered on various places.
The law of Poljica was based on collective laws of Croatia and was influenced by church, feudal, Roman and capitalist law. In the Poljica Statute, a clear difference was made between public and individual rights. Public rights were manifested in relations between serfs and their masters and impossibility for citizens to be elected to the Table of Poljica (the government). 
Even those laws were made, they had no greater influence on citizens because citizens had their village autonomy inside of their districts, so they had, through their village princes, an influence on election of new princes, and there were almost no serfs. Laws for serfs were very strict, and for some violations commoners were more severely punished then nobles. For example, if a tenant cursed his landlord his tongue was cut out, and if he dared to rise a hand against him, his right arm would be chopped off.

</doc>
<doc id="31213202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213202" title="Peter Grauer">
Peter Grauer

Peter T. Grauer (born 1945) is an American businessman and entrepreneur. He has been a member of the Bloomberg L.P. Board since October 1996 and was named chairman of the Board in March 2001 succeeding Michael Bloomberg. Grauer joined Bloomberg full-time in his executive capacities in March 2002. Prior to becoming a member of Bloomberg L.P. in 1996, Grauer was the founder of DLJ Merchant Banking Partners and Investment. He also currently serves as the lead independent director of the health-care services firm, DaVita, Inc.
Personal life and education.
Grauer was born in Philadelphia, PA in 1945. He graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1968 with a Bachelor's Degree in English, and Harvard University Graduate School of Business, Program for Management Development in 1975. Prior to Chapel Hill, Peter graduated from Hotchkiss school.
Grauer is a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Chairman of the External Advisory Board of the Undergraduate Honors Program, as well as a member of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Foundation Board and the UNC Global Research Institute Board. Additionally, Grauer is the former President of the Pomfret School Board of Trustees.
Grauer is also a member of the Board of the USA Cycling Development Foundation and a member of the Board of the Prostate Cancer Foundation. He also serves as President of the Board of Trustees of the Inner City Scholarship Fund in New York City.
Professional career.
Prior to his time at Bloomberg L.P., Grauer was the managing director and senior Partner of the investment bank Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette from 1992 to 2000, when DLJ was acquired by Credit Suisse First Boston. He was also the founder of DLJ Merchant Banking Partners and DLJ Investment Partners. Grauer has been a director of DaVita, Inc. a Colorado-based healthcare company since 1994 and the lead independent director since 2003.
He is a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council, starting in 2011 (still currently involved).
Bloomberg.
Grauer met the Founder of Bloomberg L.P., Michael Bloomberg, during equestrian shows both their daughters participated in. It was not until 1996 that Grauer was asked to become a member of the Bloomberg L.P. board of directors where he was later named Chairman of the Board in March 2001, succeeding Michael Bloomberg.
Despite the economic downturn in 2007, Grauer has been credited with bolstering the workforce at Bloomberg L.P., adding nearly 1,000 employees in 2009. Additionally, while Chairman of Bloomberg L.P, Grauer led the company to purchase BusinessWeek from McGraw-Hill being quoted as saying he would like Bloomberg to become, ‘the most influential source of news for the financial and business community.”
In July 2011, Daniel L. Doctoroff was promoted to Bloomberg L.P.’s chief executive officer and assuming majority responsibility of the company from Peter Grauer who remains chairman and to whom Doctoroff will continue to report.

</doc>
<doc id="31213214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213214" title="Logan (cyclecar)">
Logan (cyclecar)

Logan is the name of a small automobile in the cyclecar category that was built in 1914 only by the Northwestern Cyclecar Works (or Northwestern Motorcycle Works) in Chicago, Illinois.
It weighed about , had a wheelbase of , and used wire wheels. Power came from an air-cooled engine with two cylinders made by "Spacke", delivereing , following the then-usual power formula. It had friction transmission and belt drive. It was available with a metal roadster body seating two persons side-by side although it had a tread of only .
Priced at US$375, the Logan targeted the Model T which in 1914 US$500 in 2-passenger runabout form. By comparison, the high-volume Oldsmobile Runabout was US$650, the Black could be as low as $375, Western's Gale Model A was US$500, the Brush Runabout US$485, and the Success hit the amazingly low US$250.

</doc>
<doc id="31213218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213218" title="Hezil Suyu">
Hezil Suyu

The Hezil Suyu (or Hezil Çayı or the Nizil river, in Turkish language "suyu" means "water of") is a river in south-eastern Turkey in the Eastern Anatolia Region which flows entirely in the Şırnak Province and is the natural border between Turkey and Iraq. Just before it forms the border, it is dammed by the Silopi Dam. 
The Hezil Suyu river is not to be mistaken with the Little Khabur river
which is tributary to the Tigris river
and flows east of Zakho city and goes "through" the Zakho city joining its tributary the Hezil Suyu "west" of Zakho city.

</doc>
<doc id="31213219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213219" title="Black Snow (film)">
Black Snow (film)

Black Snow () is a 1990 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei. It was written and adapted from a novel by Liu Heng. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement. Although the English film title follows the original name of the novel, the Chinese film title 本命年 "běnmìngnián" means the year when someone is aged 12, 24, 36, and so on when the Twelve Terrestrial Branches come round again. 
Plot summary.
The film captures the social impact of political change in China at the time. A semi-literate who was deprived of schooling during the Cultural Revolution, Li Huiquan, is released from labor camp. He arrives back in his native Beijing to find that he has no family or prospects or friends, just his underworld contacts trying to drag him back into a life of crime. His attempts to make good are continually thwarted. His street stall selling clothes puts him on the fringe of the black market, and he soon gets lured back into his old neighbourhood gangs. His disenchanted comrades include a nightclub chanteuse as well as an escaped convict. The film's lurking handheld camera visually presents realistic footage of a man destined for the past from which he left behind.
DVD release.
In 2010, Black Snow was released as a DVD in a new High-Definition transfer and a booklet featuring essay by author and academic Professor Shaoyi Sun. It includes a 32 minute interview with Xie Fei, in which the director discusses a variety of topics from his training in cinema, to the Cultural Revolution and his approach to teaching filmmaking.

</doc>
