<doc id="31057260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057260" title="PRECEDE-PROCEED">
PRECEDE-PROCEED

The Precede-Proceed model is a cost-benefit evaluation framework proposed in 1974 by Dr. Lawrence W. Green, that can help health program planners, policy makers, and other evaluators analyze situations and design health programs efficiently. It provides a comprehensive structure for assessing health and quality of life needs, and for designing, implementing, and evaluating health promotion and other public health programs to meet those needs. One purpose and guiding principle of the Precede-Proceed model is to direct initial attention to outcomes, rather than inputs. It guides planners through a process that starts with desired outcomes and then works backwards in the causal chain to identify a mix of strategies for achieving those objectives. A fundamental assumption of the model is the active participation of its intended audience – that is, that the participants ("consumers") will take an active part in defining their own problems, establishing their goals, and developing their solutions.
In this framework, health behavior is regarded as being influenced by both individual and environmental factors, and hence has two distinct parts. First is an “educational diagnosis” - "PRECEDE", an acronym for Predisposing, Reinforcing and Enabling Constructs in Educational Diagnosis and Evaluation. Second is an “ecological diagnosis” - "PROCEED", for Policy, Regulatory, and Organizational Constructs in Educational and Environmental Development. The model is multidimensional and is founded in the social/behavioral sciences, epidemiology, administration, and education. The systematic utilization of the framework in a series of clinical and field trials confirmed the utility and predictive validity of the model as a planning tool (e.g. Green, Levine, & Deeds).
Brief history and purpose of the model.
The PRECEDE framework was first developed and introduced in the 1970s by Green and colleagues. PRECEDE is based on the premise that, just as a medical diagnosis precedes a treatment plan, an educational diagnosis of the problem is very essential before developing and implementing the intervention plan. Predisposing factors include knowledge, attitudes, beliefs, personal preferences, existing skills, and self-efficacy towards the desired behavior change. Reinforcing factors include factors that reward or reinforce the desired behavior change, including social support, economic rewards, and changing social norms. Enabling factors are skills or physical factors such as availability and accessibility of resources, or services that facilitate achievement of motivation to change behavior. The model has led to more than 1000 published studies, applications and commentaries on the model in the professional and scientific literature.
In the early 1990s the National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC, US Department of Health and Human Services) gave additional national prominence to the PRECEDE model. Dr. Marshall Kreuter, Director of the Division of Chronic Disease Control and Community Intervention and his staff adapted and incorporated PRECEDE within a model planning process offered with federal technical assistance to state and local health departments for work with their coalitions to plan and evaluate health promotion programs. The CDC model was called "PATCH", for Planned Approach to Community Health. The relevance of this initiative to the application of PRECEDE, and the inspiration for some of the extensions of the (PATCH) model to incorporate PROCEED dimensions was detailed in a special issue of the Journal of Health Education in 1992.
In 1991, PROCEED was added to the framework in consideration of the growing recognition of the expansion of health education to encompass policy, regulatory and related ecological/environmental factors in determining health and health behaviors. As health-related behaviors such as smoking and alcohol abuse increased or became more resistant to change, so did the recognition that these behaviors are influenced by factors such as the media, politics, and businesses, which are outside the direct control of the individuals. Hence more "ecological" methods were needed to identify and influence these environmental and social determinants of health behaviors. With the emergence and rapid growth in the field of genetics, the Precede-Proceed model was also revised also in 2005 to include and address the growing knowledge in this field.
Description of the model.
The Precede-Proceed planning model consists of four planning phases, one implementation phase, and 3 evaluation phases. 
"Please click on the following link on Dr. Green's website to see a graphical representation of the model." 
PHASE 1 - SOCIAL DIAGNOSIS
The first stage in the program planning phase deals with identifying and evaluating the social problems that have an impact on the quality of life of a population of interest. Social assessment is the “application, through broad participation, of multiple sources of information, both objective and subjective, designed to expand the mutual understanding of people regarding their aspirations for the common good”. During this stage, the program planners try to gain an understanding of the social problems that affects the quality of life of the community and its members, their strengths, weaknesses, and resources; and their readiness to change. This is done through various activities such as developing a planning committee, holding community forums, and conducting focus groups, surveys, and/or interviews. These activities will engage the audience in the planning process and the planners will be able to see the issues just as the community sees those problems.
PHASE 2 – EPIDEMIOLOGICAL, BEHAVIORAL, AND ENVIRONMENTAL DIAGNOSIS
"Epidemiological diagnosis" – Epidemiological assessment deals with determining and focusing on specific health issue(s) of the community, and the behavioral and environmental factors related to prioritized health needs of the community. Based on these priorities, achievable program goals and objectives for the program being developed are then established. Epidemiological assessment may include secondary data analysis or original data collection. Examples of epidemiological data include vital statistics, state and national health surveys, medical and administrative records etc. Genetic factors, although not directly changeable through a health promotion program, are becoming increasingly important in understanding health problems and counseling people with genetic risks, or may be useful in identifying high-risk groups for intervention.
"Behavioral diagnosis" – This is the analysis of behavioral links to the goals or problems that are identified in the social or epidemiological diagnosis. The behavioral ascertainment of a health issue is understood firstly through those behaviors that exemplify the severity of the disease (e.g. tobacco use among teenagers). Secondly, through the behavior of the individuals who directly affect the individual at risk - for example parents of the teenagers who keep cigarettes at home. Thirdly, through the actions of the decision-makers that affects the environment of the individuals at risk, such as law enforcement actions that restrict the teen’s access to cigarettes. Once behavioral diagnosis is completed for each health problem identified, the planner is able to develop more specific and effective interventions.
"Environmental diagnosis" – This is a parallel analysis of social and physical environmental factors other than specific actions that could be linked to behaviors. In this assessment, environmental factors beyond the control of the individual are modified to influence the health outcome. For example, poor nutritional status among school children may be due to the availability of unhealthful foods in school. This may require not only educational interventions, but also additional strategies such as influencing the behaviors of the school’s food service managers.
Phase 3 - EDUCATIONAL AND ECOLOGICAL DIAGNOSIS
Once the behavioral and environmental factors are identified and interventions are selected, planners can start to work on selecting factors that if modified will be most likely to result in behavior change, and can sustain this change process. These factors are classified as predisposing factors, enabling factors, and reinforcing factors. Predisposing factors are any characteristics of a person or population that motivates behavior prior to or during the occurrence of that behavior. They include an individual’s knowledge, beliefs, values, and attitudes.
"Enabling factors" are those characteristics of the environment that facilitate action and any skill or resource required to attain specific behavior. They include programs, services, availability and accessibility of resources, or new skills required to enable behavior change.
"Reinforcing factors" are rewards or punishments following or anticipated as a consequence of a behavior. They serve to strengthen the motivation for behavior. Some of the reinforcing factors include social support, peer support, etc.
Phase 4 - ADMINISTRATIVE AND POLICY DIAGNOSIS
This phase focuses on the administrative and organizational concerns, which must be addressed prior to program implementation. This includes assessment of resources, development and allocation of budget, looking at organizational barriers, and coordination of the program with all other departments, including external organizations and the community. These are detailed further in Green & Ottoson.
"Administrative Diagnosis" assess policies, resources, circumstances, prevailing organizational situations that could hinder or facilitate the development of the health program.
"Policy Diagnosis" assesses the compatibility of the program goals and objectives with those of the organization and its administration. This evaluates whether the program goals fit into the mission statements, rules and regulations that are needed for the implementation and sustainability of the program.
Phase 5 - IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PROGRAM
Phase 6 - PROCESS EVALUATION is used to evaluate the process by which the program is being implemented. This phase determines whether the program is being implemented according to the protocol, and determines whether the objectives of the program are being met. It also helps identify modifications that may be needed to improve the program.
Phase 7 - IMPACT EVALUATION measures the effectiveness of the program with regards to the intermediate objectives as well as the changes in predisposing, enabling, and reinforcing factors. Often this phase is used to evaluate the performance of educators.
Phase 8 - OUTCOME EVALUATION measures change in terms of overall objectives and changes in health and social benefits or the quality of life. That is, it determines the effect the program had in the health and quality of life of the community.
Conclusion.
The PRECEDE-PROCEED model is a participatory model for creating successful community health promotion and other public health interventions. It is based on the premise that behavior change is by and large voluntary, and that health programs are more likely to be effective if they are planned and evaluated with the active participation of those people who will have to implement them, and those who are affected by them. Thus health and other issues must be looked at in the context of the community. Interventions designed for behavior change to help prevent injuries and violence, improve heart-healthy behaviors, and those to improve and increase scholarly productivity among health education faculty are among the more than 1000 published applications that have been developed or evaluated that use the Precede-Proceed model as a guideline.

</doc>
<doc id="31057272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057272" title="Tebenna bjerkandrella">
Tebenna bjerkandrella

Tebenna bjerkandrella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from Europe, Morocco, Madeira and the Canary Islands through central Asia to Japan. It has also been recorded from South Africa.
The wingspan is 11–14 mm.
The larvae feed on "Inula salicina", "Carduus", "Carlina", "Cirsium", "Gnaphalium", "Helichrysum" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31057286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057286" title="Zhang Yanqing (Manchukuo)">
Zhang Yanqing (Manchukuo)

Zhang Yanqing (; Hepburn: "Chō Enkei"; 1898–1951), was a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served as Foreign Minister in the Cabinet of the Empire of Manchukuo. His father, Zhang Zhidong was an important official in the late Qing Empire and his brother, Zhang Renli was an official in the Reorganized National Government of China.
Biography.
A native of Nanpi County Hebei Province (outside of Tianjin), Zhang studied foreign languages at Tsingtao, and went to Japan to study at the Gakushuin Peer’s School in 1920.
After his return to China in 1922, Zhang was appointed mayor of Wafangdian in Liaoning Province, and in 1924 was promoted to governor of Zhengding County in Hebei Province, and in 1925 was again promoted to governor of Tianjin under the Beiyang Government. In 1926, Tianjin was elevated to the status of a special province, and Zhang added the post of Chief of Police of Hebei Province to his list of positions. The following year, he also became a councilor to the Transportation Ministry and Vice Chairman of the Defense Council of Kirin Province in Manchuria. In 1931, he moved to Changchun where he chaired the Economic Development Department of the government of Kirin Province.
Following the Mukden Incident in September 1931 and, Zhang assisted Xi Qia in issuing a proclamation declaring Kirin Province to be independent of the Republic of China, and assisted the Imperial Japanese Army achieve a bloodless occupation of Kirin City. After the proclamation of the State of Manchukuo he participated in the Manchukuo Senate, speaking out strongly in favor of a monarchy, and thus opposing proposals by Zang Shiyi that Manchukuo become a republic. In March 1932, he accepted the cabinet-level post of Industry Minister of the Empire of Manchukuo. He became one of the directors of the Concordia Association in July 1932. In May 1935, he replaced Xie Jishi as Foreign Minister, a post which he held until May 1937.
Following the collapse of Manchukuo, Zhang fled to Japan with the help of some associates of Mitsuru Toyama. He died in Japan in 1951 at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="31057291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057291" title="Fluxton">
Fluxton

Fluxton is a hamlet situated in the Otter Valley, East Devon. It is made up predominantly of old farmhouses and new barn conversions and has a population of approximately 100.
Fluxton Football Club.
Fluxton Football Club was founded in 2012 by Alex Paget. FFC play their home games at Tipton St John in the Devon & Exeter League. The club won its first match 5-1 against the Tipton St John Reserves.
Fluxton FC were promoted in their first season from Division 7 to 6 after finishing 2nd in the league and again in the following year where they will start the 2014/15 in Division 5.
Fluxton FC are known for their fluidic passing and high pressing game which gave them success last season as their 3-5-2 formation adopted by player manager Chris Sercombe forced a late surge to promotion.
Fluxton FC are also renowned for their fair play attitude towards the game which they received great credit for in their first two seasons, a true testament to the founding Paget brothers who emphasise this Fluxton Philosophy. 

</doc>
<doc id="31057294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057294" title="Henrietta Louisa Fermor">
Henrietta Louisa Fermor

Henrietta Louisa Fermor ("née" Jeffreys), Countess of Pomfret (died 15 December 1761), was an English letter writer.
Life.
She was the only surviving child of John Jeffreys, 2nd Baron Jeffreys of Wem, Shropshire, by his wife, Lady Charlotte Herbert, daughter and heiress of Philip, Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery (by his wife, Henriette de Kérouaille, sister of Charles II's mistress Louise, Duchess of Portsmouth).
On 14 July 1720 Lady Henrietta Louisa Jeffreys married Thomas Fermor, 2nd Baron Leominster, who in the following year was created Earl of Pomfret, or Pontefract, Yorkshire. He was afterwards elected a K.B., and in September 1727 was appointed master of the horse to Queen Caroline, to whom also Lady Pomfret was one of the ladies of the bedchamber. On the death of the queen in November 1737 Lady Pomfret, with her friend Frances, countess of Hertford, retired from court. In September 1738 she and her husband made a three years' tour in France and Italy. At Florence, where they arrived on 20 December 1739, they were visited by Horace Walpole and Lady Mary Wortley Montagu. They soon afterwards returned to England by way of Bologna, Venice, Augsburg, Frankfort, and Brussels, reaching home in October 1741. At the Duchess of Norfolk's masquerade in the following February the pair ‘trudged in like pilgrims, with vast staffs in their hands!’
Lord Pomfret died 8 July 1753, and was succeeded by his eldest son, George. The son's extravagance obliged him to sell the furniture of his seat at Easton Neston, Northamptonshire. His statues, which had been part of the Arundelian collection, and had been purchased by his grandfather, were bought by his mother for presentation to the university of Oxford. A letter of thanks, enclosed in a silver box, was presented to her by the university, 25 February 1755, and a poem in her honour was published at Oxford in the following year.
Lady Pomfret died on the road to Bath 15 December 1761, leaving a family of four sons and six daughters. She was buried at Easton Neston, but a neat cenotaph was afterwards erected to her memory in St. Mary's Church, Oxford. 
Horace Walpole mocked Lady Pomfret, speaking of her "paltry air of significant learning and absurdity", and claiming she was utterly devoid of humour. She considered ‘that Swift would have written better if he had never written ludicrously.’ Another satirical friend, Lady M. W. Montagu, found in Lady Pomfret's letters all the pleasure of an agreeable author. Lady Bute came into possession of the letters. Three volumes of "Correspondence between Frances Countess of Hartford (afterwards Duchess of Somerset), and Henrietta Louisa, Countess of Pomfret, between … 1738 and 1741", were published at London in 1805, and again in 1806, by William Bingley, at the desire of Mrs. Burslem of Imber House, Wiltshire, to whom the originals belonged. Prefixed to vol. i. is an engraved portrait of Lady Pomfret from the original picture in crayons by Caroline Watson.

</doc>
<doc id="31057334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057334" title="Canton of Frontignan">
Canton of Frontignan

The Canton of Frontignan is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Montpellier.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2008, and is up for re-assessment in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31057351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057351" title="Zeuxippus (mythology)">
Zeuxippus (mythology)

In Greek mythology, the name Zeuxippus (Ζεύξιππος) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31057352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057352" title="Rat Trap (Doctor Who audio)">
Rat Trap (Doctor Who audio)

Rat Trap is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
1983. The TARDIS arrives in an underground complex, formally the site of a notorious experimental laboratory, now the kingdom of the Rat King.

</doc>
<doc id="31057369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057369" title="Jack the Giant Slayer">
Jack the Giant Slayer

Jack the Giant Slayer (previously titled Jack the Giant Killer) is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film based on the English fairy tales "Jack the Giant Killer" and "Jack and the Beanstalk". The film is directed by Bryan Singer with a screenplay written by Darren Lemke, Christopher McQuarrie and Dan Studney and stars Nicholas Hoult, Eleanor Tomlinson, Stanley Tucci, Ian McShane, Bill Nighy and Ewan McGregor. The film tells the story of Jack, a young farmhand who must rescue a princess from a race of giants after inadvertently opening a gateway to their world.
Development of "Jack the Giant Slayer" began in 2005, when Lemke first pitched the idea. D. J. Caruso was hired to direct the film in January 2009, but in September of that year, Caruso was replaced by Singer, who hired McQuarrie and Studney to rework the script. The main characters were cast between February and March 2011, and principal photography began in April 2011 in England with locations in Somerset, Gloucestershire and Norfolk. Release of the film was moved back in post-production to allow more time for special effects and marketing.
"Jack the Giant Slayer" premiered on February 26, 2013 in Hollywood and was released theatrically in the United States on March 1, 2013 in 2D and 3D. The film received mixed reviews from most film critics and was considered a financial disappointment, losing between $125 million and $140 million for Legendary Pictures. "Jack the Giant Slayer" was released on home media on June 18, 2013.
Plot.
In the Kingdom of Cloister, Jack, a young farm boy, is fascinated by the legend of Erik, an ancient king who defeated an army of invading giants from a realm in the sky by controlling them with a magical crown. At the same time, Princess Isabelle becomes fascinated with the same legend.
Ten years later, Jack goes into town to sell his horse to support his uncle's farm. There, Jack spots Isabelle and develops a crush on her after defending her honor from a group of hooligans. Meanwhile, Lord Roderick returns to his study, only to find that a monk has robbed him. The monk offers Jack some magic beans he stole from Roderick as collateral for Jack's horse. Back at the castle, Isabelle quarrels with her father, King Brahmwell, as she wants to explore the kingdom, but he wants her to stay and marry Roderick. Likewise, Jack's uncle scolds him for being foolish before throwing the beans on the floor and leaving the house.
Determined to be free, Isabelle sneaks out of the castle and seeks shelter from the rain in Jack's house. As it rains, one of the beans takes root and grows into a massive beanstalk that carries the house and Isabelle into the sky as Jack falls to the ground.
Jack, Roderick, and Roderick's attendant Wicke volunteer to join the king's knights, led by Elmont and his second in-command, Crawe, and climb the beanstalk in search of Isabelle. As they climb, Roderick and Wicke cut the safety rope, intentionally killing some of the knights. At the top, they discover the giants' realm and decide to split into two groups: one with Jack, Elmont, and Crawe, and the other including Roderick and Wicke, but not before Roderick forcibly takes the remaining beans from Jack (although Jack manages to save one for himself).
Jack's group is trapped by a giant, who takes everyone prisoner except Jack. Meanwhile, Roderick's group encounters two other giants; one eats Wicke, but before they can do the same to Roderick, Roderick dons the magic crown.
Jack follows the giant to the giants' stronghold, where the two-headed giant leader, Fallon, has killed Crawe. There, Jack finds the imprisoned Isabelle and Elmont. As the giants prepare to kill their remaining prisoners, Roderick walks in and enslaves the giants with the crown. He tells the giants they will attack Cloister at dawn and gives them permission to eat Isabelle and Elmont. Jack rescues Isabelle and Elmont as one of the giants prepares to cook Elmont as a pig-in-a-blanket. The trio makes for the beanstalk, where Jack causes the giant guarding the beanstalk to fall off the realm's edge. Seeing the giant's body, Brahmwell orders the beanstalk cut down to avoid an invasion by the giants.
Jack and Isabelle head down the beanstalk, while Elmont stays to confront Roderick. Elmont kills Roderick, but Fallon takes the crown before Elmont can claim it, and Elmont is forced to escape down the beanstalk. Jack, Isabelle, and Elmont all survive the fall after the beanstalk is cut down. As everyone returns home, Jack warns that the giants are using Roderick's beans to create beanstalks to descend down to Earth and attack Cloister.
The giants chase Jack, Isabelle, and Brahmwell into the castle, where Elmont fills the moat with oil and sets it on fire. Fallon falls in the moat and breaks into the castle from below. As the siege continues, Fallon captures Jack and Isabelle, but Jack throws the final bean down Fallon's throat, causing a beanstalk to rip apart his body. Jack takes the crown and sends the giants back to their realm.
Jack and Isabelle marry and tell the story of the giants to their children. As time passes, the magic crown is crafted into St Edward's Crown and is secured in the Tower of London.
Cast.
Additionally, Eddie Marsan plays Crawe, Elmont's second-in-command, and Ewen Bremner plays Wicke, Lord Roderick's attendant.
Production.
Development.
Screenwriter Darren Lemke first proposed the idea of contemporizing the "Jack and the Beanstalk" fairy tale with CGI in 2005 before the release of other contemporary films based on fairy tales such as "Alice in Wonderland" (2010), "Red Riding Hood" (2011) and "Snow White and the Huntsman" (2012). Lemke described the script as "a male-oriented story of a boy becoming a man" and drew a parallel between Jack and Luke Skywalker of "Star Wars". In January 2009, New Line Cinema hired D. J. Caruso to direct the script, which was subsequently rewritten by Mark Bomback. By August 2009, it was reported that Bryan Singer might be replacing Caruso; this became official in September 2009.
In April 2010, Singer re-teamed with screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie to rework the screenplay. Singer and McQuarrie had previously collaborated on "Public Access", "The Usual Suspects", "Apt Pupil", and "Valkyrie". Singer stated, "Chris McQuarrie did a significant re-write for me. He brought a different structure. It was very much a page-one situation; a different storyline. It involved the same characters, but some we juggled around and switched around. He just brought a very different perspective". McQuarrie's re-write included a deeper back story for the giants and explanation of their relationship with the humans, which Singer considered a "vast improvement"; it also upped the budget. To get the budget back in line, Singer brought in television writer Dan Studney to work on the project.
In May 2010, "ReelzChannel" reported that production of the film would be delayed until February 2011. The report cited Singer's interest in being able to pre-visualize scenes with the digital giants in-camera with the live-action actors ("a la" James Cameron's "Avatar") and the need for more time to work out the complex process as reasons for the delay.
Pre-production.
In October 2010, New Line gave Bryan Singer the green-light to begin pre-production work on "Jack the Giant Killer", with production scheduled to begin the following spring. In November 2010, Singer began screen-testing for the male and female leads. Aaron Johnson, Nicholas Hoult, and Aneurin Barnard were considered for the role of the young farmhand, and Adelaide Kane, Lily Collins, and Juno Temple tested for the princess role.
In December 2010, Singer said, "I’m very much looking forward to using the EPIC Red for my next movie "Jack the Giant Killer" which will be shot in, what else, 3D. The camera’s incredibly compact size and extraordinary resolution are ideal for the 3D format. But more importantly "Jack the Giant Killer" is my first movie set in a time before electricity. The EPIC’s extraordinary exposure latitude will allow me to more effectively explore the use of natural light".
In February 2011, "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that Stanley Tucci had been cast as the antagonist, the king's advisor who plans on taking over the kingdom, and Bill Nighy and John Kassir were cast as Fallon, the two-headed leader of the giants; Nighy would play the big head and Kassir would play the smaller head. Also in February, Nicholas Hoult was offered the lead role. Singer said he had liked him since "Skins" and was very supportive of his casting in "". Later that month, Ewan McGregor joined the cast as the leader of the king’s elite guard, who helps fight giants.
In March 2011, Eleanor Tomlinson was cast opposite Nicholas Hoult as the princess and Ian McShane was cast to play her father, King Brahmwell. Two days later, New Line and Warner Bros. announced a release date of June 15, 2012.
Filming.
Principal photography began on April 12, 2011, in the British countryside. In May 2011, production moved to Somerset, England for two weeks with filming scheduled in Wells, Cheddar and secret locations in the county including scenes filmed at Wells Cathedral. Also in May, scenes were shot at Puzzlewood in the Forest of Dean near Coleford, Gloucestershire. Puzzlewood, which features unusual tree and rock formations, has previously been used for filming of the BBC TV series "Doctor Who" and "Merlin". The same forest is said to have inspired J. R. R. Tolkien to write "The Hobbit". Later that month, filming took place at Norwich Cathedral in Norwich, Norfolk.
About the performance-capture process Singer stated, "It's fascinating... It takes you back to play-acting as a kid in your living room because you are running around and having to imagine that you are in Gantua and imagine that there are these weapons and all these giant things. But there's nothing when you are there other than styrofoam and blocks. It forces the actors to regress to when they would play-act as kids or do minimalist theatre. But in that way it's fascinating - I can see why Robert Zemeckis and James Cameron have started to shoot pictures this way".
Post-production.
In January 2012, Warner Bros. moved back the release date by nine months, from June 15, 2012, to March 22, 2013. "The Hollywood Reporter" stated: "Warner can likely afford the move because of Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Rises", which opened in July. And moving the film back gives the studio more time for special effects, as well as a chance to attach trailers for it to Peter Jackson's Christmas tentpole """. In October 2012, Warner Bros. again moved the release date, this time to March 1, 2013, three weeks earlier than the previous date. Warner Bros also changed the title of the film from "Jack the Giant Killer" to "Jack the Giant Slayer".
The film's special effects were completed by seven different visual effects houses: Digital Domain, Giant Studios, The Third Floor, MPC, Soho VFX, Rodeo FX and Hatch Productions. Creating the giants took four main steps. The first step was Pre-Capture, in which performance capture was used to capture the actor's facial and body movements and render them in a real-time virtual environment. The second step took place during principal photography, where Simulcam technology was used to help the human characters virtually interact with the giants that were rendered earlier in Pre-Capture. The third step was Post-Capture, a second performance capture shoot to adjust giants' movements to seamlessly fit the live-action performances. The final step involved putting the finishing touches on the giant's animation, skin, hair and clothing, and composition in the shots. Creating the beanstalk involved two main requirements: set extension for shots of the actors interacting with the beanstalk, which were shot against a bluescreen, and complete CG renderings for shots of the beanstalk growing and extending from Earth into the world of the giants.
Singer stated that he had to tone down the special effects to keep the film age-appropriate for children. He said, "This movie probably has a bigger on-screen body count than any movie I've done before. It's done in a way that's fun, but it was a challenge to get away with that without it becoming upsetting to people... It was about creating a tone like "Raiders of the Lost Ark" or "Star Wars" that allows you to get away with a lot of stuff because it feels like a movie."
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack features music by John Ottman, who also served as an editor and associate producer on the film. "Jack the Giant Slayer" marks Ottman's seventh collaboration with director Bryan Singer; they previously worked together on "Public Access", "The Usual Suspects", "Apt Pupil", "", "Superman Returns", and "Valkyrie". The soundtrack album was released on February 26, 2013, by WaterTower Music.
Release.
"Jack the Giant Slayer" premiered on Tuesday, February 26, 2013 at TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, California.
Box office.
Pre-release tracking showed that "Jack the Giant Slayer" was projected to gross $30 million to $35 million in its opening weekend, a disappointing figure considering it cost at least $185 million to produce. The film grossed $400,000 from Thursday night and midnight runs, ahead of its wide release open on Friday, March 1, 2013. Through the weekend, the film grossed $28.01 million in North America at 3,525 locations, taking first place at the box office. The audience was 55% male and 56% were over the age of 25, despite the studio's efforts to target families. At the same time, the film took in an additional $13.7 million in 10 Asian markets at 1,824 locations.
Four weeks into its theatrical run, "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that the film was on track to lose between $125 million and $140 million for Legendary Pictures, suggesting that the film would likely close at $200 million worldwide, short of its combined production and marketing budget. "Jack the Giant Slayer" closed in theaters on June 13, 2013, grossing a total of $65,187,603 in North America and $197,687,603 worldwide. In explaining its box office failure, analysts pointed to the conflict between the director's darker, more adult-themed vision with the studio's desire for a family-friendly product, leading to the final compromise of a PG-13 film that did not sufficiently appeal to adults or children.
Critical reception.
"Jack the Giant Slayer" received a mixed response from film critics. , the film holds a 52% approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 5.8/10 based on an aggregation of 189 reviews, and received the critical consensus: "It's enthusiastically acted and reasonably fun, but "Jack the Giant Slayer" is also overwhelmed by its digital effects and a story so middle-of-the-road as to be a bit bland and impersonal." Metacritic, which uses a weighted mean, assigned a score of 51 out of 100, based on reviews from 37 film critics. Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" said, "Simply in terms of efficient storytelling, clear logistics and consistent viewer engagement, "Jack" is markedly superior to the recent ""." Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" said, ""Jack the Giant Slayer" is a rousing, original and thoroughly entertaining adventure."
Conversely, Justin Chang of "Variety" said, ""Jack the Giant Slayer" feels, unsurprisingly, like an attempt to cash in on a trend, recycling storybook characters, situations and battle sequences to mechanical and wearyingly predictable effect." Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" said, "This finally is just a digitally souped-up, one-dimensional take on 'Jack and the Beanstalk'." Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" said, "Bryan Singer's take on the old fairy tale has all things money can buy — except a good script."
Home media.
In April 2013, Warner Bros. Home Entertainment announced the release of "Jack the Giant Slayer" on Blu-ray 3D, Blu-ray Disc and DVD. The discs were released on June 18, 2013 in two editions; a three-disc 3D/Blu-ray/DVD combo pack, and a two-disc Blu-ray/DVD combo pack. Both sets include the "Become a Giant Slayer" featurette, deleted scenes, gag reel and a digital copy of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="31057371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057371" title="Zayed National Museum">
Zayed National Museum

Zayed National Museum (Arabic: متحف زايد الوطني) is a planned museum, to be located in Abu Dhabi, UAE. It will be built on Saadiyat Island. The museum will be the centrepiece of the Saadiyat Island Cultural District and will showcase the history, culture and more recently the social and economic transformation of the Emirates.
The British Museum is helping to launch the museum.
The building is being designed by Foster + Partners. It is set to be first museum to be finished on Saadiyat Island.

</doc>
<doc id="31057374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057374" title="Camp Pendleton (Virginia)">
Camp Pendleton (Virginia)

Camp Pendleton is a state military reservation in Virginia Beach, Virginia, named after Brigadier General William N. Pendleton, who served as Robert E. Lee's chief of artillery during the Civil War. It lies on the Atlantic coast slightly east of Naval Air Station Oceana.
History.
The facility was laid out in 1911, with construction beginning in 1912, as the State Rifle Range for the use of the state militia. Between 1922 and 1942, it was named after the then serving Governor of Virginia, being firstly named Camp Trinkle (1922–1926), then Camp Byrd (1926–1930), Camp Pollard (1930–1934), Camp Peery (1934–1938), and Camp Price (1938–1942). During both World Wars, the base was federalized. In World War I it was used by the U.S. Navy for coastal artillery training and during World War II it was controlled by U.S. Army, who first applied the name Camp Pendleton.
National Register of Historic Places.
The Camp Pendleton-State Military Reservation Historic District was designated a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 26, 2005. The camp initially was about in size. The original 1912 construction mostly related to the rifle range, but most of those buildings were demolished prior to World War II. A second major construction phase began in 1919, during which the U.S. Navy focused on improvements to the rifle range. Those buildings have also been demolished, but the layout of both the first and second phase remains. The third and final phase of construction was the responsibility of the U.S. Army during World War II; most of the camp's remaining buildings date from that phase. At the time it was listed on the National Register, Camp Pendleton had 108 buildings in a condition good enough to qualify them as contributing properties.
Current use.
The operation and maintenance of Camp Pendleton is funded primarily by the federal government through the National Guard Bureau, and its primary purpose is the training of personnel and organizations of the Virginia National Guard, as well as other states' National Guard units and components of the U.S. Armed Forces. When the facilities are not used by military organizations, state and local civilian agencies also conduct training at the site. Its facilities include a small arms range, helicopter landing strip, classrooms, barracks, dining halls, maintenance garages, training fields, and a chapel. Other tenants include the Military Sealift Command, whose facilities are leased to the federal government by the State of Virginia, and the 203rd RED HORSE Air National Guard. On March 3, 2001 the 18 members of the 203rd RED HORSE and 2 Florida Air Guardsmen died in a plane crash over Georgia. It is considered the worst peacetime Air Guard crash ever and the worst National Guard loss of life in Virginia since World War II.
In 1991 the United States Department of Defense began the Youth Challenge Program. The Virginia implementation of that program is the Commonwealth Challenge (or Commonwealth ChalleNGe), a program with a military structure operated by the Virginia National Guard on Camp Pendleton for at risk 16-18 year olds. It focuses on developing "values, skills, education and self-discipline". Youths come from all parts of Virginia. The Camp Pendleton program opened in September 1994 (some cite July 1994), is 5 1/2 months long, and offers a GED program. There are three phases: 2 weeks of indoctrination, 20 weeks of the core program, and a 12-month post-graduation program. Community service is part of the program. Classes start each January and June. The only cost to the participant is personal items; tuition, room, and board are provided. So far 30 classes and over 3000 cadets have graduated. In 2010 Virginia almost removed funding for the program but it was restored by the governor.
Since shortly after World War II a home on the camp has served as a vacation spot for the presiding governor of Virginia. The architecture of this home is in the same style as the rest of the camp. It has vinyl siding. The "cottage" was originally built in 1915 and initially served as the commanding officer's residence. Since the summer of 2004, the United States Naval Sea Cadet Corps has conducted summer and winter boot camps at Camp Pendleton.
Future.
When the facility was created it was in a relatively remote, sparsely populated area, but since then, the City of Virginia Beach has grown and developed around it, leading to concerns over safety issues. Over time hundreds of acres of land belonging to the camp have been sold to the city of Virginia Beach. The role of Camp Pendleton is also changing, as more National Guard training takes place at the much larger Fort Pickett, lessening the importance of Camp Pendleton. This has led to repeated requests by the City authorities to convert it to other uses, including complete or partial conversion to a state park. The findings of a report completed at the behest of the Virginia General Assembly on November 22, 1998 were that it was not feasible at that time to convert Camp Pendleton to a state park because of the demands of long-term planning, coordination with the federal government, and environmental reclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="31057380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057380" title="Prince Sarat kumar Rai of Dighapatia">
Prince Sarat kumar Rai of Dighapatia

Kumar Saratkumar Rai (1876–1946) was a member of the royal family of Dighapatia. A noted scholar, he was the son of the Raja ("King") Pramadanath and lived in the Maharaja's Palace. Along with historian Ramaprasad Chanda, he co-founded the Varendra Research Museum, which Lord Dundas the Governor of Bengal, inaugurated on November 1919. He was well traveled, and visited England in 1900. He was a friend of Rabindranath Tagore.

</doc>
<doc id="31057387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057387" title="North Shore, Blackpool">
North Shore, Blackpool

North Shore is the northern coastal area of Blackpool on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire, England which has a large local community. It houses Blackpool's primary railway terminus station, Blackpool North railway station. It also has close proximity to the town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="31057389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057389" title="Rio Minho-class fiscalization boat">
Rio Minho-class fiscalization boat

The "Rio Minho"-class fiscalization boat is a patrol vessel designed by the Portuguese navy to conduct patrol missions in shallow waters.

</doc>
<doc id="31057396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057396" title="Uri Regev">
Uri Regev

Uri Regev is a lawyer and rabbi of the Reform movement of Judaism in Israel, and an active civil rights and religious pluralism advocate. Currently he serves as the President and CEO of “Hiddush – For Freedom of Religion and Equality”, a trans-denominational nonprofit organization aimed at promoting religious freedom and equality in Israel, a partnership between Israeli Jews and World Jewry, founded in 2009.
Regev was born in Tel Aviv in 1951 to a secular family. As a child he had no interest in religion. His first contact with the Reform movement was in 1967, when he joined a student delegation to Jewish communities in the United States. After returning to Israel, he joined the small Reform youth movement.
Regev studied law at Tel Aviv University Law School and went on to practice law. In the late 1970s, he began studying at the Reform movement′s rabbinical school, Hebrew Union College - Jewish Institute of Religion, where he was ordained in 1986. He served in the Israeli Defense Force (IDF) as an assistant legal advisor in the Gaza Strip and Sinai and as military prosecutor for the Israeli Navy. He retired from military service with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
Regev has been executive director of the Israel Religious Action Center (IRAC), the political arm of the Reform movement in Israel, and President of the World Union for Progressive Judaism. The Israeli newspaper "Haaretz" calls him “a charismatic figure who speaks eloquently and often sharply and has an impressive work output”, and credits him and Laurence Kogan with changing the Reform Movement′s face in Israel and making IRAC the most active institution within the movement, turning it “into a factor that both the religious and political establishment cannot ignore”.
Regev successfully argued and won in the Supreme Court some of the recent landmark cases regarding Religion and State in Israel, including the recognition of Reform and Conservative conversion performed abroad. The long legal battle for the recognition of Reform conversion and the political struggle against the Conversion Law led to the appointment of the Ne'eman Commission, which recommended the creation of a common conversion institute for all three streams of Judaism - a recommendation that was accepted by the Chief Rabbinate.
Regev is a founding member of B'Tselem, the organization monitoring human rights in the occupied territories, and has served on the boards of many Jewish organizations, including the World Zionist Organization, the Jewish Agency, Rabbis for Human Rights, and the Association for Civil Rights in Israel.
Regev lives in Jerusalem with his wife, Garri. Their son and daughter in law are studying for the rabbinate at Hebrew Union College and their daughter graduated from the Culinary Institute of America. She resides in Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="31057398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057398" title="Lahang Dumariya">
Lahang Dumariya

Lahang Dumariya is a village in the Bhojpur district of the state of Bihar in India. It is located approximately 25 km from the major city of Ara.
Lahang dumariya is said to be related to the great king Bhoja. The freedom fighter Kamta Singh used to live in the village. Kamta singh was a freedom fighter who help poor family. His fight was against jamindari system too. He was really a robinhood for that time. His elder brother Ramyagya singh was a police inspector. This family had built the first house of brick in 1928 and the guest house in 1932 of this village. Recent generation of this family has got some achievement.Sri Ramendra Pratap Singh is a grandson of Ramyagya Singh. Ramendra Pratap Singh is one of the active person of congress and lucky to be the part of planning commission for sc/st. He was one of the nearest person to honourable prime minister Rajiv Gandhi at that time. Rakhi singh is a doctor and Pradeep singh is a chartered accountant, both talented youth belong from this family.
Lahang Dumariya consists of eight patti. The village is integrated, as several castes live together. 
The government-run Rajkiya Madhya Vidyalaya school is located in the east side of the village. The Behea road to Salempur is also in the east side of the village, along with a temple to the god Shiva in Purana Dih.
There is a large Rajput population here.
The village has a number of historic temples, such as Maa Kali Temple, Thakurbari, Goreya Baba temple, Barkhandi Baba temple and a historic Akhada in front of the Hanuman temple.
People of this village show love and unity in many festival. In holi, all male meet at math north side of this village. They celebrate this festival. In Durga puja, it's very big festival for this village. The statue of durga and other god is celebrated in the ground of school. The most holy festival is chhat for this village. During the period of flood, water of ganga come to the east of this village and after flood some water block here till the festival of chhat. This area called ajagara. The holy festival chhat is celebrated by many people of this village at ajagara ghaat. {Source by Dilip Singh -M. A.- History (Delhi University)) 

</doc>
<doc id="31057408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057408" title="Nightrunner (comics)">
Nightrunner (comics)

Nightrunner is a fictional character created by David Hine and Kyle Higgins for publisher DC Comics. A comic book superhero, Nightrunner first appeared in "Detective Comics Annual" #12 (February 2011). Nightrunner is a 22 year-old Algerian Sunni Muslim French citizen that lives in Clichy-sous-Bois in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France. He was recruited by Bruce Wayne and Dick Grayson for Batman Incorporated as the Batman of Paris, "Le Batman Of France".
Publication history.
Nightrunner was introduced in a two-part story that spanned "Detective Comics Annual" #12 and "Batman Annual" #28 in December 2010 (cover-date February 2011). David Hine created Nightrunner to mirror the current social and political situations unfolding in the French projects of Clichy-sous-Bois.
Origin.
Bilal Asselah (Arabic: بلال الصلاح), a French-Algerian was raised by his single mother on the outskirts of Paris, France. Though peaceful, on Bilal's 16th birthday, he and his friend Aarif were caught in the middle of a French-Muslim protest, and beaten mercilessly by the police force. After they both healed, Aarif gave Bilal a gift including the music of Leni Urbana, an urban representative of the Muslim people in France, urging Bilal to listen to her words. That night Aarif was killed by police after he set fire to their station. After hearing of his friend's death, Bilal would forever be changed. Though he sympathized with the protesters, he found faults on both sides and decided to take a cue from Batman's origins: becoming a symbol, without racial or religious bias that could make a difference for what's right and just. Already a superior parkour and freerun athlete, he donned the mask of Nightrunner in order to help the people's cause and bring justice to Clichy-sous-Bois.
He assists Batman in taking down a child-slavery ring.

</doc>
<doc id="31057414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057414" title="Leonardo Bordad">
Leonardo Bordad

Leonardo Bordad (born June 30, 1979 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sportivo Italiano of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31057417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057417" title="Canton of Saint-Gervais-sur-Mare">
Canton of Saint-Gervais-sur-Mare

The Canton of Saint-Gervais-sur-Mare is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Béziers.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2004, and is up for re-assessment in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31057442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057442" title="Fondazione Sigma-Tau">
Fondazione Sigma-Tau

Aims.
Fondazione Sigma-Tau is an institution that aims to promote and share scientific knowledge and interdisciplinary dialogue between branches of learning. It was created as a charitable organization and is recognized by law with Presidential Decree No. 648 of 4 August 1986. Chaired by Silvia Cavazza, Sigma-Tau acts as a national and international point of reference for research development, cultural debate and the promotion of scientific progress, introducing for the first time, the concepts of entirety and complexity normally vested in the humanities. 
Fondazione Sigma-Tau fosters outreach and development activities, such as seminars, conferences, lectures, round tables and events, in collaboration with universities, research institutes, and the world of culture and science.
Projects.
Since 1989, Fondazione Sigma-Tau has launched important projects and many conferences and meetings from which a vast number of publications have arisen, such as the volumes published by Bari based Editore Laterza, from the "Lezioni Italiane" (Italian Lessons) cycle, and the proceedings from SpoletoScienza in particular.
Spoleto Science.
Spoleto Science festival (SpoletoScienza) – the precursor of the many outdoor literature and philosophy festivals, and venue par excellence of cultural contamination – was established in 1989 as an add-on to the banner of the Festival dei Due Mondi (Festival of the two worlds), with the début title "What is knowledge?" ("Che cos’è la conoscenza?"); seemingly simple yet at the same time strongly representative of the character of the scientific and intellectual world. It became an event able to capture the curiosity of the public and anticipate trends in thinking. 
Each year in the halls of the cloister of San Nicolò, the most important names in global scientific learning and artistic creativity meet to compare practices and respective languages. 
Topics discussed vary from the debate "Mente, Corpo e Linguaggio: cosa ne pensano i ... Robot?" ("Mind, body and language: what do robots think?") in 2003, to "Indagine sul futuro di Gaia" ("Investigation into the future of Gaia") on global climate change organized in 2006, followed a year later with a symposium on "La Scienza nell’era della sua comunicazione digitale" ("Science in the era of digital communication"), and the 2009 and 2010 editions that focused on the themes of energy, disease and ageing.
Fondazione Sigma-Tau Laboratory.
Active from 1996 to 2006 as a Spoleto Science festival focus area, the laboratory not only analyzes the elements that identify and characterize the medical profession, but also the more sensitive aspects in the field of conditions that affect the human body; studying them for metabolic and energetic profiling in particular. 
The round tables of Fondazione Sigma-Tau Laboratory, which often used work groups and role-playing, were geared to increasing and spreading information on themes such as the doctor-patient relationship and error management in medicine, cancer as a metabolic syndrome, and also the testing of financial management models in the National health system.
Italian lessons.
Following the Anglo-American lecture model, and paraphrasing Italo Calvino, "the Italian lessons project" ("Lezioni italiane"), active since 1991, offers informal seminars at university campuses with a scientist from Italy or elsewhere. A wide audience of non-specialists are introduced to a cutting-edge scientific or philosophical research topic, based on European directives of continuing education and using non-technical language. The project has produced on average two titles every year, published by Laterza and translated into other languages.
Permanent forum on scientific reasoning.
Launched in 1999 with the round table, "Biotechnologies of germ cells – opportunities and limits" ("Biotecnologie delle cellule germinali − opportunità e limiti"), the forum aims to grow a debate in Italy on the social effects of scientific research, through a discussion that helps to ensure a more complete understanding of the decisions made and shared.
Science on-stage.
This project was the brainchild of Luca Ronconi, then director, and Sergio Escobar, of the Piccolo Teatro di Milano, that emerged from the need to refresh the dramatic structure through a genuine intellectual challenge. The project was launched in 1999 with the theatrical interpretation and staging of scientific texts. What this immediately revealed, as confirmed by Giulio Giorello, professor of Philosophy of Science at the University of Milan, was “one of the most powerful means with which to come to terms with the natural and technical transformations of reality, and one of the most extraordinary opportunities for achieving a truly universal community.”
Lessons on the Medicine of Complexity.
An international symposium in Milan on the interaction between the metabolic system and the DNA of cells in 1999, marked the launch of the project "Lessons on the Medicine of Complexity" ("Lezioni sulla Medicina della Complessità"), aimed at understanding the current, innovative prospects offered by the metabolic approach to disease, in the field of research of degenerative pathology and the limitation of damage caused by ageing. In November 2010, 11 years after its début, the project celebrated Mitochondrial DNA Day with a conference attended by Masashi Tanaka, leader of the "Core Research Team of Genomics for Longevity and Health at Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology".
Continuing Education in Medicine (CEM).
During 2002-2006, Fondazione Sigma-Tau established a program of continuing education in medicine, for the vocational training and retraining of public and private health professionals, which includes 150 training credits.
On the radio: Moebius.
Continuing with the central theme promoted by Fondazione Sigma-Tau, science communication had top billing on the scientific program broadcast on the Radio 24 radio station with Moebius on air.
Latest projects.
The carnitine website Carnitina Official Site launched in 2010 is one of the most important sources of information online on carnitine worldwide. Promoted by Fondazione Gianni Benzi and Fondazione Sigma-Tau, the website can be found at [http://www.carnitinaofficialsite.it].
Fondazione Sigma-Tau conferences – participating Nobel Prize winners.
(New York, 30/5/1912 – Rockville, 29/12/2004) Biochemist
(Uddingston, Scotland, 14/07/1924 – 22/03/2010) Pharmacologist 
(Catanzaro, 22/2/1914) Biologist
(Melbourne, 27/1/1903 - Locarno, 2/5/1997) Neurophysiologist 
(New York, 1/7/1929) Biologist
(Boston, 21/3/1932) Biochemist and physicist 
(New York, 11/12/1925) Neuroscientist
(27/02/1926, Windsor, Canada) Doctor and neuroscientist
(Brooklyn, N.Y. 31/5/1941) Biochemist
(Vienna, 7/11/1929) Neurologist, psychiatrist and neuroscientist
(Montclair, New Jersey, 23/5/1925 – New York, 2/02/2008). Microbiologist, one of the founders of modern biotechnology 
(Turin, 22/4/1909) Scientist and Italian senator 
(20/5/1944, Landsberg am Lech) Physicist and biophysicist
(Moscow, 25/1/1917 - Bruselles, 28/5/2003) Chemist and physicist 
(28/5/1942, Des Moines) Biochemist and neurologist 
(Adelaide, 11 June 1937) Scientist and doctor 
(Uppsala, 1924) Doctor and neuroscientist

</doc>
<doc id="31057472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057472" title="Mae Chan Fault">
Mae Chan Fault

Mae Chan Fault is an east-west strike fault in Northern Thailand, responsible for a 6.3 magnitude quake on May 16, 2007 that caused property damage in the provincial capital of Chiang Rai A part of it stretches from Mae Chan to Mae Ai for 40 km along the highway, then goes through Fang, Chiang Dao, Mae Rim and San Kamphaeng districts of Chiang Mai, to Mae Tha district of Lamphun. A Japanese study found it is capable of producing a 7.0 magnitude quake., is considered as one of two the most "worrying" faults in Thailand. 
It is part of a roughly parallel series of faults that accommodate the twisting of the northern Sunda Block from northern motion of the Indian plate at the Sagaing fault and southern motion of China at the Red River Fault. Among the members of this set of parallel clockwise moving faults are the Jinghong Fault stretching from Kengtung, Myanmar to Xishuangbanna, Yunnan, the Nan Ma Fault, Muang Houn Fault, and Dien Bien Phu Fault.
It has become "more active" since the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake. The 2011 Burma Earthquake hit some 20-30 km north of this fault, most likely at the roughly parallel Nan Ma Fault, killing well over 100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31057473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057473" title="Lucas Cornelisz de Kock">
Lucas Cornelisz de Kock

Lucas Cornelisz de Kock or Kunst (1495–1552) was a Dutch Renaissance painter active in the Tudor court.
Biography.
De Kock was born and died in Leiden. According to Karel van Mander he was a pupil of his father, the painter Cornelis Engelbrechtsz and like his brothers Cornelis and Pieter, was taught to paint by him in Leiden. The little encouragement the art experienced at that time in his native country, obliged him, for the support of a numerous family, to exercise the occupation of a cook, and eventually induced him to visit England. In the time of Henry VIII of England he left for England with his wife and 7 or 8 children, and nothing more was heard of him, though a painting was brought to Leiden by a merchant named Hans de Hartoogh that seemed to be by his hand. He was made painter to the king. Later when the Earl of Leicester became governor and visited the Netherlands with some other Englishmen, they bought up many of his works to take them back to England, where they were sought after.
According to the RKD he was formerly considered to be the same person as "Luca d'Olanda", and is known today for historical allegories, drawings, and glass painting.
Van Mander mentions some of the works of this master at Leyden, among others, the 'Adulteress before Christ.' Of his works in England, the sixteen portraits of the Constables of Queenborough Castle, at Penshurst, are the most considerable; and though few of them can be original paintings, they possess great merit. At Hampton Court there are four small female portraits, probably copies, attributed to him.
Today some works of that are considered stylistically similar to works by Jan Wellens de Cock hang in the Museum "Societeit" in Tiel.

</doc>
<doc id="31057477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057477" title="LiteFoot ATV">
LiteFoot ATV

LiteFoot ATV rubber tracks are a track conversion system for ATVs manufactured by Mattracks Inc. Tracks are bolted in place of tires. Mattracks launched the LiteFoot ATV track conversion systems in 2002, adding to the Mattracks rubber track conversion product line up.

</doc>
<doc id="31057486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057486" title="Huda al-Attas">
Huda al-Attas

Huda al-Attas (born 1970 - 1971) is Yemeni journalist and author. She was born in Dawan in Hadhramaut. She is best known for her short stories, for which she has won a number of awards, including the Al-Afif prize in 1997. Her first collection of stories "hājis rūḥ wa hājis jasad" was published in Aden in 1995. Since then she has published two more collections.
In addition to her short stories, Huda is also a regular writer of columns and articles in Yemeni newspapers, many of them focusing on women's issues. She has worked in the arts faculty at the University of Aden. In 2001, she was elected to the governing body of the Yemeni Writers' Union, alongside fellow female author Ibtisam al-Mutawakkil.
Huda's work has been translated into Italian and appeared in a 2009 anthology of contemporary Yemeni writing entitled "Perle dello Yemen".

</doc>
<doc id="31057488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057488" title="Tebenna chingana">
Tebenna chingana

Tebenna chingana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from Czech Republic, Ukraine and the Khingan Range in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31057492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057492" title="South African Class 8C 4-8-0">
South African Class 8C 4-8-0

The South African Class 8C 4-8-0 of 1903 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.
In 1903, soon after the establishment of the Central South African Railways, a second batch of thirty Cape 8th Class 4-8-0 Mastodon steam locomotives were ordered and placed in service as the Class 8-L3, immediately following upon a previous order in that same year for a variation on the same locomotive type. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8C.
Manufacturer.
Upon the establishment of the Central South African Railways (CSAR) in July 1902, soon after the end of the Second Freedom War, Chief Locomotive Superintendent P.A. Hyde became the custodian of a mixed bag of locomotives inherited from the Imperial Military Railways (IMR). These included locomotives that originated with the Selati Railway, the Nederlandsche Zuid-Afrikaansche Spoorweg-Maatschappij (NZASM), the Pretoria-Pietersburg Railway (PPR) and the Oranje-Vrijstaat Gouwerment Spoorwegen (OVGS).
The comparatively small number of serviceable locomotives that were immediately available for service, compounded by the poor condition of many of the original NZASM, PPR, Selati and OVGS locomotives and an expected post-war increase in traffic, led to an order for altogether sixty new steam locomotives. They were to be built in two variations, to the specifications of the 8th Class Mastodon type that was designed by H.M. Beatty, the Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the Cape Government Railways (CGR) from 1896 to 1910.
Orders were placed with Neilson, Reid and Company in 1903, but while they were being built, Neilson, Reid amalgamated with Dübs and Company and Sharp, Stewart and Company to form the North British Locomotive Company (NBL). As a result, the thirty locomotives of the second batch, numbered in the range from 471 to 500, were all delivered as built by the North British Locomotive Company (NBL) at the Hyde Park shops of the former Neilson, Reid.
They differed from the first batch of the same order only by not being equipped with Drummond water tubes in the fireboxes. To differentiate them from the Class 8-L1 and the Drummond tube-equipped Class 8-L2, these locomotives became the CSAR Class 8-L3. These were the last locomotives to be ordered by the CSAR that were built to the design of another railway.
Class 8 sub-classes.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the CSAR, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these thirty locomotives were renumbered in the range from 1162 to 1191 and reclassified to Class 8C on the SAR.
These locomotives, together with the CSAR’s Class 8-L1 and 8-L2 Mastodon locomotives and all the CGR’s 8th Class Consolidations and Mastodons, were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Modification.
During A.G. Watson’s term as the Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the SAR from 1929 to 1936, many of the Class 8 to Class 8F locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, larger bore cylinders and either inside or outside admission piston valves. The outside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased from to and retained their existing SAR classifications, while the inside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased to and were reclassified by having a "W" suffix added to their existing SAR classifications.
Of the Class 8C locomotives, seven were equipped with superheating, bore cylinders and outside admission piston valves while retaining their Class 8C classification.
Five locomotives were equipped with superheating, bore cylinders and inside admission piston valves, and were reclassified to Class 8CW.
The Class 8C and 8CW works numbers, renumbering and superheating modifications are shown in the table.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8 family of locomotives worked on every system in the country and in the 1920s became the mainstay of motive power on many branchlines. Their final days were spent in shunting service and by 1972 they were all withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="31057501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057501" title="1915–16 Stoke F.C. season">
1915–16 Stoke F.C. season

The 1915–16 season was Stoke's first season in the non-competitive War League.
With the start of World War I, all Football League football was cancelled. In its place were formed War Leagues, based on geographical lines rather than based on previous league placement. Stoke contested the Lancashire Section in the Principal Tournament, and the Southern Division of the Midland Section in the Subsidiary Tournament. However, none of these were considered to be competitive football, and thus their records are not recognised by the Football League.
Season review.
With Peter Hodge returning to his family in Scotland former club great, Joe Schofield returned to the club in 1915 as manager for the War-time seasons and with a number of first team players joining the army Stoke fielded a number of 'guest' players as did many other clubs. For the whole war Stoke played in the Lancashire section and in the 1915–16 season ended up in mid-table position of 8th while in the Midland Section Secondary Competition Stoke finished 4th. Stoke's best result was a 7–1 win over Chesterfield Town and guest forward Bob Whittingham was top scorer with 26 goals to his name.
Final league table.
Lancashire Section Primary Competition.
Key: P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GA = Goal average; Pts = Points
Results.
"Stoke's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31057522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057522" title="Dawid van Lill">
Dawid van Lill

Dawid Johannes van Lill is a writer, journalist, translator and editor, specialising in the creation of quiz programmes for radio, television, magazines and the Internet. He conceptualised, compiled and presented more than 2 000 episodes of radio quizzes, and compiled questions for a number of TV quizzes. 
He contributed the sports section for the South African Encyclopaedia (for MWeb Learning), compiled questions for the previous South African version of Trivial Pursuit, and verified the questions and answers for five series of The Weakest Link. In 1984 and 1986 he was the winner of the popular TV quiz series Flinkdink and he is also the author of several books.
Dawid is currently the CEO of Think Media, a quiz and trivia company.
Life and career.
Dawid van Lill was born in South-West Africa (Namibia) in 1957. He graduated from Stellenbosch University in 1984 with a Masters degree in Theology. In 1984 and 1986 he was the winner of the popular TV quiz series Flinkdink. He joined the SABC in 1985, and became a well-known radio personality after his Flinkdink experience. From 1985 to 1997 he was a broadcaster at the SABC, where he created, compiled and presented quiz and trivia programmes for radio.
Dawid van Lill is currently a writer, journalist and broadcaster. He has specialised in the creation and presentation of general knowledge programmes and quiz shows for radio, TV, books, magazines and notable publications for 25 years. 
In 1998 Dawid and his wife, Marina, founded Think Media, a research company. In 2000 and 2001, Think Media provided the questions and scripts for quiz programmes such as 100%, Blitsvinnig, and Vat ’n Kans! They also compiled questions for the M-Net sports quiz programme Going for Gold, as well as for two series of the SABC 3 quiz show Greed, e.tv’s Mahala on e and he was a consultant and researcher for SABC2’s Flinkdink and SABC3’s Weakest Link. Think Media provided the questions for the M-Net quiz series Temptation and Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
The writing of the Sports section of the South African Encyclopedia (which appeared on M-Web in April 2001) proved to be another major highlight. 
Dawid also compiled general knowledge questions for a South African version of Trivial Pursuit. Other achievements include quiz and trivia books, as well as a number of books about Africa, including Amazing Africa, Amazing Animals of Southern Africa, Wonders of African and Man-made Wonders of Africa.
His hobbies include reading, movies, travel, sport and general knowledge. 
In 2000 Dawid and his wife, Marina, started a General Knowledge and News quiz programme for schools and the public, called I KNOW!
He also collects books on everything and anything that will enrich one’s general knowledge repertoire. He also loves a good whodunit. One of his specialities is the collection of information and books on sports, especially rugby, cricket, athletics and tennis. 
“Incurable curiosity is a thousand times better than terminal ignorance.”
TV Quizzes.
Compiled questions

</doc>
<doc id="31057562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057562" title="Tebenna pretiosana">
Tebenna pretiosana

Tebenna pretiosana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Finland, Estonia, France, Spain, Italy (including Sardinia and Sicily), Greece, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="31057569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057569" title="Claudio Cavazza">
Claudio Cavazza

Claudio Cavazza (4 May 1934, Bologna - 6 June 2011, Rome) was an Italian entrepreneur, Chairman and founder of the Sigma-Tau pharmaceutical company.
History.
Instigator and promoter of the scientific section of the Festival dei Due Mondi (Festival of the Two Worlds) in Spoleto, SpoletoScienza, organized by the Fondazione Sigma-Tau, which quickly established itself as one of the most important events dedicated to matters of science and epistemology of our times.
After having graduated with a degree in pharmaceutical chemistry and studied for some time under Professor Noris Siliprandi, Professor of Biochemistry at the University of Padua, Cavazza soon made the decision to dedicate himself to entrepreneurial activities.
His entrepreneurial breakthrough into the pharmaceutical sector happened in the mid 1960s, thanks to the launch of Rekord B12, which soon became one of the highest selling medicines in Italy and elsewhere. Its success originated from the discovery that vitamin B12 develops an antiasthenic and antidepressant effect at high doses.
The medicine was also distinctively packaged in a particularly innovatively designed tube, which was exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
An equally fundamental step in the history of Sigma-Tau group was the decision – resulting from the passion and determination of Claudio Cavazza – to dedicate significant resources to scientific research into the study of carnitine, an endogenous substance of natural origin that is without side effects, which intervenes in the processes that allow cells to produce their own energy sources. The study of carnitine produced preparations of proven efficiency, able to correct metabolic defects, whether congenital or acquired, in different clinical situations.
Over the years, Sigma-Tau group has broadened its presence in the international scene with branches not only in the major European countries of France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Portugal, Germany, and the United Kingdom, but also in India, and with two production plants in the United States and Spain. Sigma-Tau group has around 2,500 employees, 400 of whom are researchers involved in the most advanced sectors of national and worldwide research in which it reinvests 16% of its turnover.
Roles.
Claudio Cavazza was Chairman of Italian pharmaceutical industry association, Farmindustria, from 1986 to 1992.
He was a member of the presiding committee of the Italian employers’ federation, Confindustria, subsequently invited to join Confindustria’s technical education committee and the steering committee formed by the Confindustria Health Commission. In January 2008, Cavazza was made manager of the industrial innovation project “Nuove Tecnologie della Vita” (New life science technologies) within the Italian Ministry of Economic Development. He was a member of the board of EFPIA (European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations), of which he was Vice President from 1992 to 1994. He was also member of the Council of IFPMA (International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association).
Recognition.
Cavazza was appointed to the order of Knight of Labour in 1987. In 2005, the University of Genoa awarded him an honorary degree in Medicine. He was awarded an honorary degree in International Business Strategies from LUSTICO, the Free International University for International Studies of Ostia. In recognition of his commitment to research and development activities for rare diseases in the United States, in 1995 the county of Maryland established the Claudio Cavazza Science Award. In June 2005 he was awarded the Pharma-Finance award for biotechnologies, and in December 2009 was given the title of meritorious member of the non-profit Italian association for fragile X syndrome (Associazione Italiana Sindrome X Fragile Onlus) for the commitment he has shown towards those affected by the syndrome.
Commitment to culture.
In 1986 Claudio Cavazza instigated the creation of the Fondazione Sigma-Tau, intended to introduce the concepts of entirety and complexity of the humanities into entrepreneurial planning and medicine, in order to promote academic and cultural debate and encourage scientific progress.
Cavazza founded the Sigma-Tau publishing house in 1988, producing the scientific magazine "Sfera", an editorial project of 43 parts published between 1988 and 1995. Through its innovation it gained two awards, the Galileo in Italy in 1989, and the Prix Caméra in Paris in 1991.
Involvement in activities in the public interest.
Cavazza took part in numerous CNR (Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche – Italian National Research Council) consulting committees:
For the Italian Ministry of Research he has also participated in:
He was Vice President of the committee of Aspen Institute Italia, an institute that promotes collaboration and research at international level on the policies of development in large global areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31057574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057574" title="Jakub Kresa">
Jakub Kresa

Jakub Kresa, , (July 19, 1648 – July 28, 1715) was one of the most important Czech mathematicians of the Baroque era.
Biography.
Early life.
Jakub Kresa was born into a smallholder's family at Smržice, not far from Prostějov. He studied at the Jesuit gymnasium (school) in Brno. There he proved to be an extraordinary student. He not only displayed rare skills in mathematics, but he also became a polyglot, able to speak fluently Hebrew, German, Latin, Italian, Spanish, French and Portuguese, in addition to his Czech mother-tongue.
In 1669–70 he taught at the gymnasium (school) in Litoměřice. Then he went to Prague, where he studied at the Faculty of Philosophy of Charles University between 1670 and 1673. After spending a short time back in Litoměřice, he returned to Prague in 1675 and continued his studies in mathematics and theology. Kresa was ordained a priest in 1680. After this he spent a short time in Telč.
In the Czech crown lands.
In 1681 Jakub Kresa started to teach Hebrew at the University of Olomouc. There he obtained his first doctorate and between 1682 and 1684 taught mathematics. In Olomouc Kresa's other high points included presiding at the academic dissertation of the mathematician and astronomer Jan Taletius, who devised a model to predict eclipses of the sun and of the moon.
Jakub Kresa was also often entrusted with diplomatic tasks. During the peasants' uprising in northern Bohemia in 1680, he served as mediator between the cavalry regiment of general Vilém Harant z Polžic and the peasant leaders.
In 1684 Kresa left Olomouc to become head of the Departments of Mathematics and of Hebreistics at the Charles University. He was also preaching at the St. Salvador church in Prague. By this time he was already well known for his extraordinary skills regarding mathematics, languages and diplomacy, and he was offered the position of head of Department of Mathematics at the Colegio Imperial de Madrid. He relocated to Spain in 1686 and stayed there for fifteen years.
In Spain.
In order to make the study of mathematics easier for the Spanish students, Kresa translated the 8 books of Euclid's Elements into Spanish. This brought him recognition and he soon became renowned in the whole country, being dubbed the "Euclid of the West". At that time it became a custom in Spain to let Kresa assess mathematical treatises ahead of publication. Apart from the Collegio Imperial De Madrid, Kresa was also giving lectures at the Naval academy of Cadiz.
Back in the Czech Crown lands.
Following the death of spanish king Charles II in 1700 Kresa went back to Prague. He obtained a doctorate in theology at Charles University and also started to teach theology there. At the same time he was privately teaching mathematics and was acquiring mathematical apparatus for the Department of Mathematics. He was engaged in arithmetic, fractions and logarithms, trigonometry, astronomy, algebra, but also in military architecture. One of his private students, Count Ferdinand Herbert, published Kresa's ideas in magazine "Acta Eruditorum" in 1711.
Late life.
The Emperor Leopold I appointed Kresa as confessor of his second son, the Archduke Charles. He remained in this position after Charles took over Spanish throne, and therefore returned to Spain with him (1704–13). After nine years in Spain, Kresa went back to the Czech Crown lands, working with the help of Karel Slavíček on mathematical theories in Brno, where he died in 1715.
Legacy.
Kresa's manuscripts were transcribed for printing by his students František Tillisch and Karel Slavíček, who both later taught at Olomouc.
The lectures Kresa gave at Charles University were recorded by student called Kryštof John, who published them under the title "Mathematica in universitate Pragensi tradica a P. Jacobo Kreysa ... excerpta anno 1685". The manuscript is today stored at the library of Strahov Monastery.
In Kresa's era the Trigonometric functions were derived using geometry. Kresa was the first to introduce algebraic number to trigonometry.
Kresa's death was followed by a decline in mathematics and science in the Czech Crown lands due to the dogmatic application of Catholic Church doctrines. With Slavíček having gone to China, scientific work largely disappeared from the Czech lands for two decades. Although the theories of Isaac Newton, Jacques Cassini and Edmond Halley were well known, local scientists (such as Josef Player or Jan Slezina) were continued to work with the obsolete theories of Ptolemaios and Aristoteles. It was only a quarter of a century later, that scientific work was resumed by peoples such as Jan Antonín Scrinci (1697–1773) and Joseph Stepling (1716–1778).

</doc>
<doc id="31057575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057575" title="1836 in Mexico">
1836 in Mexico

Events in the year 1836 in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31057579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057579" title="Zeuxippus (disambiguation)">
Zeuxippus (disambiguation)

Zeuxippus is a Greek name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31057580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057580" title="Henry Hansson">
Henry Hansson

Henry Hansson (23 July 1918 – 9 February 1945) was a Norwegian resistance member.
He was born in Kristiania as the son of Swedes Karl and Anna Andersson. He went to middle school, commerce school and auditing courses, and worked as an auditor's assistant. In 1943 in Oslo he married Signy Leisegang, born 1916 in Durban. He was also an accomplished amateur boxer in the club Fagforeningenes IF av 1926.
During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany he joined the armed resistance group Milorg. He advanced from being team leader ("troppssjef") via deputy company leader to district leader in 1943. He was arrested on 9 December 1944 and was imprisoned in Møllergata 19. Several of his team members were arrested as well. On 8 February 1945, when the Nazi police leader Karl Marthinsen was assassinated by the Norwegian resistance, it was decided to execute Hansson as a reprisal. He was transferred to Akershus Fortress. He was executed by gnushot on 9 February together with six of his team members, as well as two earlier arrestees including Asle Grepp. Both the court-martial which sentenced them and the firing squad consisted of Norwegians. Hansson's body was disposed of in the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="31057587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057587" title="1842 in Mexico">
1842 in Mexico

Events in the year 1842 in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31057595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057595" title="1987 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
1987 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 1987 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the sixth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 1986 was Utah. The Competition took place in Salt Lake City, Utah hosted by the University of Utah in the Jon M. Huntsman Center. The 1987 Championship was won by Georgia, breaking the Utah Red Rocks five-year NCAA Championship streak.

</doc>
<doc id="31057601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057601" title="Will Groulx">
Will Groulx

Will Groulx (born March 11, 1974) is an American wheelchair rugby player and member of the United States wheelchair rugby team. 
He was part of the US team that took the gold medal at the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing, and a bronze medal in Athens in 2004.
He served in the United States Navy from 1995 to 2001.
In 2001, he suffered a spinal cord injury after a motorcycle accident.
He was nominated for an ESPY Award in 2009, in the category Best Male Athlete with a Disability.
He is a member of the Paralyzed Veterans of America.

</doc>
<doc id="31057604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057604" title="List of career achievements by Michael Johnson">
List of career achievements by Michael Johnson

This page details the career achievements of American track & field athlete Michael Johnson. Over the course of his career, Johnson consistently dominated his events, winning almost every time he took to the track. He set numerous world and Olympic records in short distance track, both as an individual and as a member of relay teams. His domination of the 400 meter race is unprecedented in the history of track and field, making him surely the greatest 400 m runner of all time. For approximately one decade, Michael Johnson held the world records in the 200 meters, 400 meters and indoor 400 meters, as well as the world's best time in the 300 meters and the world record for the 4 by 400 meter relay. He still holds the world records for the 400 meters, 4 by 400 meter relay, and 300 meters. In 2004, Johnson was voted into the United States Track & Field Hall of Fame. At the ceremony, his record-setting 200-meter performance at the 1996 Olympics was deemed the greatest track and field moment in the past 25 years. These achievements make him the greatest long sprinter in the history of track and field.
Personal bests.
400 meters.
In the history of track, only 47 times has a runner run the 400 meter in less than 44 seconds. Johnson alone accounts for 22 of these 47 sub-44 performances.
Records.
World records.
Fastest 4 x 400 meter relay leg in history: 42.91, fourth leg, United States relay team, , Stuttgart, Germany
Consecutive 400 meter finals won: 58
Largest margin of victory in the 200 meters in 55 years (1991 World Championships)
Largest margin of victory in the 200 meters in history (1996 Olympics)
Largest improvement ever on a 200 m world record: .34 seconds
Largest margin of victory in the 400 meters in history (1999 World Championships)
Only athlete to be ranked #1 in the world in both 200 meters and 400 meters in the same year
First athlete to break 20 seconds in 200 meters "and" 44 seconds in 400 meters in a career
Only athlete to break 20 seconds in 200 meters "and" 44 seconds in 400 meters at the same meet
First athlete to break 45 seconds in indoor 400 meters: 44.97, , Reno, NV, United States
Most gold medals won on the track: Twelve (4 Olympics, 8 World Championships)
First athlete to win both 200 meters and 400 meters at U.S. National Championships (1995)
Olympic records.
Only man to win 200 meters and 400 meters at the same Olympics (1996 Atlanta)
Only man to repeat as Olympic champion in 400 meters (1996 Atlanta, 2000 Sydney)
IAAF World Championships records.
Fastest 4 x 400 meter relay leg in World Championships history: 42.91, fourth leg, United States relay team, , Stuttgart, Germany
Only athlete to win the 200 meters and 400 meters at the World Championships in a career (1991 Tokyo, 1993 Stuttgart)
Only athlete to win the 200 meters and 400 meters at the same World Championships (1995 Gothenburg)
Most gold medals won in World Championships history: Eight

</doc>
<doc id="31057614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057614" title="1843 in Mexico">
1843 in Mexico

Events in the year 1843 in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31057624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057624" title="Finch (surname)">
Finch (surname)

Finch is a popular surname. Finch was also the surname of the Earls of Winchilsea and Nottingham (now Finch-Hatton) and Earls of Aylesford (now Finch-Knightley).
Fictional characters.
Jamie Finch, Skye's boyfriend in Summer's Dream, Bittersweet, Coco Caramel and presumably Sweet Honey

</doc>
<doc id="31057639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057639" title="Roberto de Mattei">
Roberto de Mattei

Roberto de Mattei (born 21 February 1948, in Rome) is an Italian Roman Catholic historian and author.
Biography.
Former student and assistant to the philosopher of politics Augusto Del Noce and to the historian Armando Saitta at the Faculty of Political Sciences of the Sapienza University of Rome, he has extensively studied European history of the 16th and 20th Century with particular focus on the history of religious and political ideas. Among other academic positions, he was Professor of Modern History at the Faculty of Arts of the University of Cassino and is currently Professor of Modern History and History of Christianity at the European University in Rome, where he is also Coordinator of the Degree Course in Historical Sciences. 
He was vice-President of the National Research Council of Italy (since 2004). As a vice-President he has been highly criticized for his scientific ideas, in particular for having organized and funded a meeting supporting antievolutionism. This fact led part of the Italian scientific community to a request for his resignation. The controversy upsurged again after some statements by de Mattei, e.g. that the tsunami in 2011 in Japan was a divine punishment. Furthermore he claimed gay people to be responsible for the fall of the Roman Empire. 
He is member of the Board of Directors of the “Italian Historical Institute for the Modern and Contemporary Age” and of the "Italian Geographic Society". He is President of the Lepanto Foundation (Rome - Washington) and he is editor-in-chief of the monthly review “Radici Cristiane”, of the three-monthly historical review “Nova Historica” as well as of the weekly “Corrispondenza Romana”. From February 2002 to May 2006, he held the post of Adviser for International Affairs to the Italian Government. He furthermore cooperates with the Pontifical Council for Historical Sciences and has been awarded from the Holy See the Order of Knighthood of St. Gregory the Great, as acknowledgement to this service to the Church. Among his most recent publications, there is the history of the Vatican Council II (Il Concilio Vaticano II. Una storia mai scritta, Lindau, Turin 2010) wherein, without touching onto the theological debate on the hermeneutics of the Council, suggests an historical view on the event which is antithetical to that proposed by the School of Bologna. This book has been translated into English in known as "The Second Vatican Council - An Unwritten Story" with Michael M. Miller as editor.

</doc>
<doc id="31057646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057646" title="TAPS (buffer)">
TAPS (buffer)

TAPS is used to make buffer solutions. It has a pKa value of 8.44 (ionic strength I=0, 25°C). It can be used to make buffer solutions in the pH range 7.7–9.1.
The pH (and pKa at I≠0) of the buffer solution changes with concentration and temperature, and this effect may be predicted using online calculators.
Binds Co(II), Ni(II).

</doc>
<doc id="31057650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057650" title="Santa Ynez Fault">
Santa Ynez Fault

Santa Ynez Fault is a left-reverse fault in Santa Barbara County of California. Its length is at least 130 km., running through Santa Ynez and nearby Santa Barbara. The Santa Ynez Mountains were uplifted within the last 5 million years along this fault.

</doc>
<doc id="31057654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057654" title="Hal Leathers">
Hal Leathers

Hal Leathers (2 December 1898 – 12 April 1977) was a Major league baseball shortstop/second baseman who played seven games for the 1920 Chicago Cubs. He was born in Selma, California, and died in Modesto, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31057655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057655" title="2001 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2001 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2001 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship in women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twentieth NCAA gymnastics national championship and took place in Athens, Georgia, hosted by the University of Georgia in Stegeman Coliseum. The 2001 Championship was won by UCLA, which also won the 2000 Championship. Onnie Willis, UCLA, 39.525, and Elise Ray, Michigan, 39.525 shared the individual championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31057664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057664" title="2009 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2009 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2009 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty eighth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 2008 was Georgia. The Competition took place in Lincoln, Nebraska hosted by the University of Nebraska in the Bob Devaney Sports Center. 
The 2009 six regional fields and sites were as follows:
At the national championships at Lincoln, Nebraska, the top three teams from each of the first day's sessions advancing to the Super Six Team Finals were: Georgia, Florida and LSU (first session); Alabama, Arkansas and Utah (second session). Utah used a tie breaker over UCLA to advance to the finals. Individually, top all-around title went to Georgia's Courtney Kupets who scored 39.80 points, including a perfect 10 on balance beam. Utah's Kristina Basket with 39.60 points and UCLA's Vanessa Zamarripa with 39.575 points were second and third place finishers. Kupets became just the second three-time NCAA All-Around champion in NCAA history. Additionally, other gymnasts competing were 12 of the nation’s best all-arounders and four individual event specialists.
The Georgia Gym Dogs finished on top with 197.825 points to win the 2009 team championship, a record 10th NCAA title. They were followed by Alabama with 197.575 points, Utah with 197.425 points, Florida with 196.725 points, Arkansas with 196.475 points and LSU with 196.375 points at the Super Six Team Finals.
Head coach Suzanne Yoculan, in her 26th year at the helm of the University of Georgia program, retired with a record of 831-117-7 after the 2009 championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31057669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057669" title="Tebenna agalmatopa">
Tebenna agalmatopa

Tebenna agalmatopa is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Sumatra.

</doc>
<doc id="31057676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057676" title="Kula Municipality, Bulgaria">
Kula Municipality, Bulgaria

Kula Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 10 km southwest of Danube river. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Kula. The area borders on the Republic of Serbia to the west.
The municipality embraces a territory of 291 km² with a population of 4,958 inhabitants, as of December 2009.
Settlements.
Kula Municipality includes the following 9 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="31057679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057679" title="Gapforce">
Gapforce

Gapforce is a UK-based Gap Year and student volunteering provider. The company was founded in 1989 by Marcus Watts.
The main age groups who travel with Gapforce are the 17- to 19-year-old ‘traditional gappers’ and the 21- to 25-year-olds who are either looking for an elective or taking a year out from studies. 
Gapforce is based in Parsons Green, London and has in country staff all around the world. They offer several different types of experience split into 6 brands.
Greenforce.
Greenforce provide overseas conservation and volunteering projects. Greenforce works in The Bahamas, Fiji, Tanzania, the Amazon, China, Thailand and more. 
Trekforce.
Trekforce provides expeditions in jungle environments in Belize, Borneo and Nepal. The focus is still very much on conserving the local environment and working with local communities however volunteers also learn jungle survival skills, and how to lead expeditions. 
Medforce.
Medforce offers medical placements in Cambodia, India, South Africa, Ghana and Ecuador. They have placements for those with none or minimal medical experience, medical professionals and their speciality is medical elective placements for students. 
Skiforce.
Skiforce provide ski instructor training courses in Morzine and Canada. The SkiForce courses use the BASI (British Association of Ski Instructors) levels as the basis of their courses allowing participants to take their BASI one and two tests. On completion of both participants are qualified to ski teach in the Alps. On completion of their Eurotest they are eligible to teach in France. SkiForce sponsors British FIS Ski Racer Ben Clatworthy who will be training as a ski instructor with SkiForce in 2012.
Ozforce.
Ozforce provide jobs in Australia for people on their gap year.
Sportforce.
Sportforce provides overseas coaching expeditions in Ghana, South Africa and Ecuador as well as dive instructor training courses in Egypt. 
About Gapforce.
Gapforce abide by the governing guidelines of the:
Year Out Group (YOG)
Young Explorers Trust (YET)
Foreign Commonwealth Office (FCO)
Expedition Providers Association (EPA)
BSi8848 - Specifications For The Provision Of Visits, Fieldwork, Expeditions and Adventurous Activities, Outside the United Kingdom - approved by the YET

</doc>
<doc id="31057691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057691" title="1847 in Mexico">
1847 in Mexico

Events in the year 1847 in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31057696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057696" title="Tebenna alliciens">
Tebenna alliciens

Tebenna alliciens is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="31057703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057703" title="Hermann Speck von Sternburg">
Hermann Speck von Sternburg

Hermann Speck von Sternburg (21 August 1852 Leeds, England – 23 August 1908 Heidelberg, Germany) was a German diplomat.
Biography.
He was educated in the Fürstenschule Saint Afra, Meissen, Saxony, and the military academy of Potsdam, fought through the Franco-Prussian War in the Second Saxon dragoons, and remained in the military service until 1885. In 1890 he entered on his diplomatic career, being made successively first secretary of legation at Beijing, chargé d'affaires at Belgrade, Serbia, and first secretary of the embassy at Washington. In 1898 he was high commissioner on the Samoan Commission; became consul general for British India and Ceylon in 1900, minister plenipotentiary and envoy extraordinary to the United States in 1903, and ambassador in July 1903, succeeding Theodor von Holleben.
He died of complications from lupus in Heidelberg on August 23, 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="31057714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057714" title="2010 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2010 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2010 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship was held in Gainesville, FL on April 22–24, 2010. UCLA Bruins won the 2010 team competition, earning their sixth national championship. LSU's Susan Jackson scored 39.625 points to capture the individual title.
NCAA Women's Gymnastics Regional Fields:
NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship:

</doc>
<doc id="31057715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057715" title="2011 European Diving Championships">
2011 European Diving Championships

The 2011 European Diving Championships took part from 8–13 March 2011 in Turin, Italy. For the second time, the event was held separately from the European Swimming Championships. The event was held on Monumentale Diving Stadium. The former capital of Italy was hosting European Diving Championships for the third time after 1954 and 2009. The 2011 Championships were also an event within the frame of the 150-year celebrations of the unification of Italy. A total of ten disciplines was on the schedule. Additionally, there was a team event on the first day of competition.
Participating Nations.
103 athletes from 22 nations competed.

</doc>
<doc id="31057716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057716" title="1853 in Mexico">
1853 in Mexico

Events in the year 1853 in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31057732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057732" title="True Media">
True Media

True Media is an independent, full-service media strategy and communications company. True Media is headquartered in Columbia, Missouri with offices in St. Louis, Missouri and Calgary, Canada. True Media collaborates with clients and creative agencies to make sure media aligns with the overall message and brand. The agency buys digital and non-digital media all over the U.S. & Canada for clients in retail, finance, education, health care and athletics. In 2013 True Media earned recognition from The Agency Post on the The Agency 100 list, coming in as America’s 63rd fastest growing advertising agency. True Media’s President and founder, Jack Miller, is a regular speaker on the subject of traditional media, social media, and interactive advertising for a variety of firms and educational institutions.
History.
In January 2009 Chris Evans was named the media director for True Media-USA. Evans’ previous experience includes developing media plans for Hummer, Cadillac, Pontiac and GM Goodwrench. 
In April 2009 Ed Anderson was named as the Associate Media Director for True Media-Canada.
In August, 2009 Miller was recognized as one of Columbia Business Times Magazine’s top 20 business professionals under the age of 40.
In 2010 True Media was ranked as one of the fastest growing media agencies in Inc. (magazine)'s yearly top 5000 fastest-growing private companies in the U.S. The agency had a 164% growth from 2006 to 2009.
In 2011, True Media was once again ranked on the Inc. 5000 list at #2108 for 120% growth for the years 2007-2010.
True In 2012, True Media was ranked on the Inc. 5000 for the third year in a row for a 250% increase in growth for the years 2008-2011.
In 2012 True Media was named by the Missouri Chamber of Commerce and Industry as a 2012 Missouri Fast Track award winner. The award recipients will be recognized during the Missouri Chamber Annual Meeting on Nov. 14 at the Chase Park Plaza in St. Louis.
Before starting True Media, Miller was a partner and vice president at Premier Marketing before serving as market manager at Cumulus Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="31057740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057740" title="Typewriter Eraser, Scale X">
Typewriter Eraser, Scale X

Typewriter Eraser, Scale X is a sculpture of a large-scale typewriter eraser by Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen.
Constructed in 1999, it is located at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.
Other examples are also located at Seattle Art Museum Olympic Sculpture Park, and CityCenter, Paradise.

</doc>
<doc id="31057764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057764" title="Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China">
Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China

The Vice Chairman of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China () was the highest rank under the Party Chairman within the Communist Party of China (CPC) from 1956 to 1982.
All the vice-chairmen were members of the CPC Politburo Standing Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31057768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057768" title="Oedemera atrata">
Oedemera atrata

Oedemera atrata is a species of beetle belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Oedemerinae.
These beetles are present in Albania, Croatia, France, Italy, Greece, Spain and in the Near East.
They are entirely black or very dark green or dark purple. The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from May through July feeding on pollen and nectar.

</doc>
<doc id="31057791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057791" title="List of international cricket centuries at the Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium">
List of international cricket centuries at the Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium

The Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium is a cricket ground in the Mirpur Thana district of Dhaka, Bangladesh. There have been 25 Test centuries scored at the ground and 37 in One Day Internationals (ODIs).
Test centuries.
The following table summarises the Test centuries scored at the Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium.<ref name="Statsguru: Test matches / Batting records / Innings by innings list" />
One Day International centuries.
The following table summarises the One Day International centuries scored at the Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium.<ref name="Statsguru: One-Day Internationals / Batting records / Innings by innings list" />

</doc>
<doc id="31057801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057801" title="Pelucones">
Pelucones

Pelucones (Spanish for bigwigs) was the name used to refer to Chilean aristocratic conservatives in early 19th century. The name Pelucones was originally used by the Pipiolos or liberals in a despective maner by linking the conservatives to oldfashioned wigs that were popular in the 18th century. Following the Chilean Civil War of 1829, where the Pipiolos were defeated, the Pelucones would enforce the Chilean Constitution of 1833 with led to creation of a strong unitarian and authoritarian presidentialist system held up by upper-class democracy.
In Ecuador the President Rafael Correa popularized the term since he assumed the presidency in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31057804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057804" title="Daemon Tools">
Daemon Tools

DAEMON Tools (short for "Disk And Execution MONitor tools") is a virtual drive and optical disc authoring program for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS.
Overview.
DAEMON tools was originally a successor of "Generic SafeDisc emulator" and incorporated all of its features. The program claims to be able to defeat most copy protection schemes such as SafeDisc and SecuROM. It is currently compatible with Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8. DAEMON Tools has a special mode for proper operation of copies of discs with advanced protection (SafeDisc, SecuRom and LaserLock, CDCOPS, StarForce and Protect CD), which are used on some discs with games.
Editions.
Five editions of the product exist: Ultra, Lite, Pro Standard, Pro Advanced, and Net. A feature comparison is given below. Also the company provides two additional solutions for the data storage organization. DAEMON Tools USB allows sharing different types of USB devices, and DAEMON Tools iSCSI Target enables creating a server storage and sharing virtual or physical devices together with VHD.
File format.
The default file format of DAEMON Tools is Media Data eXtended (MDX). MDX is a disc image file format similar to MDS/MDF images. It supports all of MDS/MDF format features except that all data is in one monolithic file only. The files of these types bear the filename extension of .mdx.
MDX file contains metadata of original media - specifically the main physical parameters of disc, such as layer breaks, sessions, tracks and other. It could be described as being an archive file containing all data from a CD/DVD. It also supports data compression. MDX file includes the magic number "MEDIA DESCRIPTOR" at the beginning of the file.
Controversy.
On 13 February 2012, one of DAEMON Tools components known as MountSpace became a subject of privacy concerns. MountSpace, a service-oriented component gathers and sends information about disc images used in DAEMON Tools to mountspace.com along with users' IP addresses. Although MountSpace can be disabled during installation, it is criticized for transmitting information despite being disabled and lacking a privacy policy. The initial discovery of the concerning issue is attributed to one Rafael Rivera of "Within Windows blog".
Related programs.
Y.A.S.U..
YASU "(Yet Another SecuROM Utility)" is a very small tool that works as a "SCSI-drive protector". It was created by sYk0 and can be used to hide emulated drives from SecuROM 7 and SafeDisc 4. YASU is a companion program for Daemon Tools and currently being hosted, supported and maintained by the Daemon Tools team. On March 4 of 2009, sYk0 announced development of Omen which is to succeed development of YASU. As of January 2010, development of Omen has been abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="31057824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057824" title="Anthony Kamanga">
Anthony Kamanga

Anthony D. Kamanga is a lawyer who has held various senior official positions in Malawi, and as of 6 December 2012 was the Attorney General.
Career.
Kamanga earned an LLB (Bachelor of Laws) in Malawi in 1978, an LLM (Master of Laws) in Toronto, Canada in 1982 and a Diploma in Legal Drafting in Ottawa, Canada in 1993.
He was appointed Senior Counsel by the State President in 2004.
Kamanga was legal counsel to the Malawi Government for over twenty years.
He was responsible for international financial transactions with the World Bank Group, the African Development Bank and other multilateral financial institutions.
Kamanga was appointed Chief Parliamentary Draftsman in the Ministry of Justice, and was appointed a Commissioner when the Privatization Commission was established.
He was a member of the Constitutional Review Commission from August 2006 until July 2007, when he was appointed Solicitor General and Principal Secretary for the Ministry of Justice and Constitutional Affairs.
Controversy.
In June 2009, Kamanga said that the department of justice was failing to execute its programs due to inadequate office equipment.
In December 2010, Kamanga yielded to pressure from George Chaponda, Malawi’s Justice and Constitutional Affairs Minister, to enable Chaponda to use just over MK2 million ($13,000) of government money to travel to Geneva, Switzerland to attend a personal function.
In January 2011, a bill was passed giving the government the power to close print media outlets that published material it deems "contrary to the public interest". Kamanga defended the law, saying the Minister of Information must have "reasonable grounds" for such a closure, and that decisions could be challenged in court.
He said the amendment was based on the recommendation of the Malawi Law Commission, and "takes into consideration fundamental freedoms as enshrined in the constitution".
Local Courts bill.
Kamanga assisted in drafting the Local Courts bill, which would give authority to traditional courts to hear minor, non-criminal cases, and was passed by parliament in February 2011.
The bill was controversial. 
Traditional courts had been tools for political persecution in the past, and were banned by Bakili Muluzi in 1994 after he won the first multi-party elections following independence.
Opposition leaders and human rights activists expressed concerns that the chiefs would abuse the authority of the revived traditional courts, and that the Judiciary would lose power.
Kamanga defended the law, saying the traditional courts would operate only at the local level,
with a jurisdiction limited to small matters.
The Local Courts bill includes a clause that bans fouling the air: "Any person who vitiates the atmosphere in any place so as to make it noxious to the public to the health of persons in general dwelling or carrying on business in the neighbourhood or passing along a public way shall be guilty of a misdemeanour".
Speaking on Capital Radio's "Straight Talk" program, Justice Minister Chaponda said that legislation bans farting in public places and makes it a criminal offense.
The story was quickly picked up by the foreign press, particularly the British tabloids.
Kamanga contradicted Chaponda, saying the bill referred only to air pollution. 
Later, Chaponda retracted his remarks, saying he had not read the proposed bill before commenting.

</doc>
<doc id="31057826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057826" title="TAPSO (buffer)">
TAPSO (buffer)

TAPSO is used to make buffer solutions. It has a pKa value of 7.635 (I=0, 25°C). It can be used to make buffer solutions in the pH range 7.0-8.2.

</doc>
<doc id="31057832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057832" title="David Geller">
David Geller

Dr. David Geller is the Richard L. Simmons Professor of Surgery at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, and Co-Director of the UPMC Liver Cancer Center. As a hepatobiliary Surgical Oncologist, his clinical interests center on the evaluation and management of patients with liver cancer. He has pioneered laparoscopic liver resections, and has performed more than 300 of these cases. Most of these patients are discharged home on the second post-operative day with 4-5 band-aid-sized incisions. He also specializes in performing laparoscopic radiofrequency ablations of liver tumors. Dr. Geller is a member of many professional and scientific societies including the American Surgical Association, Society of Surgical Oncology, Society of University Surgeons (Past President 2010), and the American Society of Transplant Surgeons.
Research.
Dr. Geller has published over 200 scientific papers and chapters. He is often a guest lecturer speaking on the management of liver tumors and has presented at more than 320 meetings or seminars. He has active research grants from the NIH, and is also the Principal Investigator on Industry-sponsored clinical trials for liver cancer.
Selected Publications.
On-line Videos.
Laparoscopic resection of a benign liver mass

</doc>
<doc id="31057852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057852" title="YSR Congress Party">
YSR Congress Party

YSR Congress Party or "Yuvajana, Shramika, Rythu Congress Party" () (lit. Youth, Labour and Farmer Congress Party) is a regional political party in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana in India. It was founded by Siva Kumar in 2009 and taken over by Y. S. Jaganmohan Reddy, the son of former Andhra Pradesh chief minister Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy (popularly known as YSR) in 2011. Both YSR and Jaganmohan Reddy (called Jagan by his followers) had been members of the Indian National Congress. Jagan was also elected as the national president of the party.
Background.
After the death of the then-incumbent Chief Minister Y. S. Rajashekhara Reddy in a helicopter crash in September 2009, his son Jaganmohan Reddy, the incumbent MP from Kadapa, started an "Odarpu Yatra" (condolence tour) across Andhra Pradesh, supposedly to console the families of those who had committed suicide or died of shock after the death of his father. This was however not supported by the Congress leadership. Congress President Sonia Gandhi claimed the rising volatile situation in the state regarding the Telangana issue as the main reason for opposing the "Odarpu Yatra". Defying the Congress High Command's order to call off the tour, Jagan went ahead with the first leg of the "Odarpu Yatra" in the West Godavari and Khammam districts from in April 2010. 
Meanwhile, Jagan-owned "Sakshi TV" news channel and "Sakshi" newspaper, had been continuously criticising the new Chief Minister Konijeti Rosaiah and the Congress leadership at New Delhi. In a special programme on "Sakshi TV" to mark the 125th anniversary celebrations of the Congress party, a voice-over made remarks on Sonia Gandhi and the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the "current state of affairs" in the State, which invited anger and protests from the Congress loyalists and increased the gap and friction between Jagan and the Congress loyalists. The channel later deleted those remarks in a re-telecast.
Creation of the new party.
After accusing the Congress of ill-treating him and creating rifts in his family by luring his uncle YS Vivekananda Reddy (younger brother of YSR) with a state ministerial berth in the aftermath of the death of his father, Jagan and his mother Y. S. Vijaya Lakshmi resigned from the Kadapa Lok Sabha and Pulivendula Assembly constituencies respectively and also as members of the Congress in November 2010. They took over the leadership of an existing YSR Congress Party in March 2011, which was founded by Siva Kumar, a Telangana-based advocate and a fan of YSR, in 2009. Many Congress leaders loyal to Jagan also quit the Congress and joined the YSR Congress. This resulted in the weakening of the Congress's strength in both the assembly and the Lok Sabha, necessitating by-elections. In the ensuing by-elections, the party won most of the vacated seats with record breaking majorities, with many of the Congress and the Telugu Desam Party (the main opposition) candidates losing their deposits. The party has a strength of 67 members in the 295-member state assembly and 9 members in the Lok Sabha(out of 42 in AP) as the election results declared on 17 May 2014, simultaneously.
Electoral performance.
In March 2012, YSR Congress won the Kovur assembly seat in Nellore district in a by-election. 
On 10 30, 2012, YSR Congress won the Nellore "Lok Sabha" seat and 15 of 18 assembly seats in Andhra Pradesh. YSR Congress leaders P. Subhash Chandra Bose from Ramachandrapuram constituency of East Godavari district and Konda Surekha from Parakala constituency of Warangal district, both ministers in the YSR cabinet, had switched to YSR Congress party but lost their races. The Performance of the party in 2014 is pretty poor and lost the elections to its political rival Telugu Desam Party.

</doc>
<doc id="31057866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057866" title="Fata Kot Taja">
Fata Kot Taja

Fata Kot Taja is a village of Tehsil Bhawana which is situated at bank of Chenab River 18 km far from Bhawana. This village has one of the oldest primary schools in that area.

</doc>
<doc id="31057868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057868" title="Mario Trevi">
Mario Trevi

Mario Trevi, stage name of Agostino Capozzi (born November 2, 1941, in Melito di Napoli) is an Italian singer, film actor, and theater actor.
Biography.
Mario Trevi was born in Melito di Napoli, Italy, on November 2, 1941. 
He is the son of Domenico and Maddalena Capozzi Ciletti and the first of nine children. Mario is the head of a family set in the melodic song in the heart of Naples, Italy. He is the brother of Lino Capozzi, Stefano Fany, and Franco Moreno. He is also the uncle of Salvatore Capozzi and Mimmo Moreno and grandfather of Tony Mariano.
Mario Trevi spent his childhood in poverty during Italy's post-war. At a young age he began working as a bricklayer, and some evenings he sang for free in the basement of a local puppet theatre where he entratained small audiences. Agostino, in art known as Mario Trevi, soon changed job from a bricklayer to a fabric cutter in a fabric shop at Piazza Nicola Amore in Naples, but did not give up singing. Instead his passion for singing grew, and he soon became a fan of Sergio Bruni, a well-known Neapolitan singer. At the age 14, he took on singing lessons with Maestro Attilio Staffelli, a professor at the Conservatory of San Pietro a Majella. 
Soon, Mario's voice was heard in one of Galleria Umberto I, thanks to one of his uncles. At that event, Vincenzo Acampora noticed Mario's talent and proposed him to sing at the Piedigrotta Festival, a well-known local show. Mario started his career at the age of 17, when he sang "Nuvole D’Ammore". That night, he shared the stage with famous artists such as Giacomo Rondinella, Tecla Scarano and Nicla Di Bruno. Soon, his fame started to build as he performed with famous singers Gennaro Pasquariello and Claudio Villa in Porta Capuana.
In 1961, Mario Trevi was invited to Totò's house, a well-known comedian, in Rome, who asked him to sing "Malafemmena", a famous song written by Totò himself. 
In that same year Trevi married Titina Spagnolo, the daughter of a Neapolitan record dealer. 
In 1965, two days after the birth of their second child, Titina died of aneurism. Among many who honored her at her funeral was Sergio Bruni. 
In 1967, despite family opposition, Trevi married Titina's younger sister, Teresa, with whom he had two more daughters.
Career.
During his career, Mario Trevi has recorded more than eight hundred songs and has participated in ten Festival of Naples. In 1959, he recorded the first series of 78's with the Royal records. Among Mario Trevi's famous songs several have become classics, such as "Indifferentemente" (1963), "Mare Verde" (1961, written by Giuseppe Marotta), "Me Parlano 'e Te" (1964, written by the poet Salvatore Palomba and music by Antonio Vian), "Settembre Cu' Mme' " (1962, written by Renato flowers and music by Antonio Vian), and "Cara Busciarda" (1969, directed by Eduardo Alfieri). Because of his successful career, Mario Trevi was appointed to the "Encyclopedia of the Neapolitan song" by Ettore De Mura.
In 1973 Trevi devoted himself to a new musical genre known as "songs of the underworld," and to the sceneggiata. Among many of his plays, " 'A Paggella", brought so much success that was filmed in 1980 and directed by Ninì Grassia, starring Mario Trevi, Marc Porel, Rosalia Maggio, Beniamino Maggio, Marzio Onorato, Marisa Laurito. 
In 1981 he was scheduled to play in another movie, " 'O Carabiniere", but he ended up turning down the opportunity and his character was played by Fabio Testi.
In 1978, Mario Trevi took on tours to the U.S. and Canada. In New York, he sang at the Madison Square Garden, at the Brooklyn Academy of Music and at the Kenkiol Theatre. He also participated in a tour in Europe and worked side by side with other Italian artists such as, Luciano Tajoli, Nilla Pizzi, and Claudio Villa.
In 1995 he recorded an album with Zeus Record, a record making company, where he sang Pino Daniele’s songs. In 1997 he was invited by Paolo Limiti in the show "Ci vediamo in Tv" and in 2001, Piero Chiambretti and Fabio Fazio invited him to the Festival della canzone italiana to represent the Neapolitan song genre.
Mario Trevi also participated in television shows such as "Canzonissima", "Napoli Contro Tutti", "Scala Reale", "Canzoni alla Finestra", "4 Passi Tra Le Note", "Il Paroliere", "Questo Sconosciuto", "15 Minuti Con ...", "La Fiera dei Sogni", "Senza Rete", "Napoli Prima e Dopo", "Viva Napoli", "Domenica In", "Mezzogiorno In Famiglia", "La vita in diretta".
On November 26, 2005 Mario Trevi was appointed, Knight of Malta, together with Bruno Venturini and Mario Merola.
On September 22, 2009 Mario Trevi inaugurated its official website and entered the world of YouTube. 
On September 24, 2009 he participated in the "Premio Carosone 2009", held at the Arena Flegrea, Mostra d'Oltremare in Naples, where he sang "Indifferentemente", "Scalinatella" and "Giacca Rossa ‘e Russetto". On November 4, Mario participated in the show "Omaggio a Sergio Bruni" ("Tribute to Sergio Bruni") where he sang the songs "Lusingame" and "Carmela", and paired with Enzo Gragnaniello in singing "Indifferentemente". 
On April 17, 2010 Mario Trevi starred a new beginning with Luna Bianca, a live concert created to tour Italy. In Luna Bianca, Trevi is accompanied by six young members of the Orchestra Luna Bianca and two young voices, performing the revisiting classic Neapolitan songs with new music arrangements consisting of accelerated rhythms combined with the folklore of the Neapolitan song, a remake Turbo-folk genre.

</doc>
<doc id="31057878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057878" title="Living It Up (disambiguation)">
Living It Up (disambiguation)

Living It Up is a 1954 comedy film starring Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis.
Living It Up may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31057882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057882" title="Qorvis">
Qorvis

Qorvis Communications is an international Washington, D.C.-based public relations, advertising, media relations and crisis communications firm. It was acquired by the Publicis Groupe in January 2014, and became Qorvis/MSLGroup.
Qorvis provides public relations (PR) representation on behalf of a range of public companies, financial services firms, sovereign nations, and wealthy individuals. During the late-2000s financial crisis, Qorvis represented Wells Fargo and AIG.
History.
Qorvis was founded in August 2000 through the merger of The Poretz Group (investor relations firm serving technology companies), The Weber/Merritt Company (a public affairs and grassroots specialist) and JAS Communications (a public relations and marketing communications agency).
Michael Petruzzello, former CEO of Weber Shandwick, founded the new PR firm and the managing director.
Offering traditional public and investor relations services, Qorvis launched with 22 employees and revenues of approximately $14 million in revenues. In addition, the law firm Patton Boggs established a strategic alliance with the Qorvis and became its lead investor. The CEO described the firm to "PR Week" as "in the gray area where technology, finance, public affairs and marketing converge".
During the first six years, the firm added market and consumer research, media training and grassroots lobbying to its services, working for clients such as United Technologies, the Jim Beam liquor family and the Consumer Electronics Association. By 2006, the firm had 90 employees in two offices, billing approximately $23 million.
In 2007, Qorvis extended its services of web design and advertising through the acquisition of boutique advertising agency Sparky’s garage.
Notable work.
In addition to foreign governments, Qorvis' clients have included numerous corporations, non-governmental organizations and high net-worth individuals. 
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia hired Qorvis to improve its image in the wake of the September 11 attacks, receiving $14.7 million between March and September 2002. Qorvis engaged in a PR frenzy that publicized the "9/11 Commission finding that there was 'no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded Al Qaeda, while omitting the report's conclusion that 'Saudi Arabia has been a problematic ally in combating Islamic extremism.'" Petruzzello told "The Washington Post" that the work was not about "lobbying" but "educating" the public and policy makers.
In 2004, Matt J. Lauer, previously executive director of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy at the State Department, was hired by Qorvis to work on public relations for Saudi Arabia and other clients.
In December 2004, the Federal Bureau of Investigation executed search warrants at Qorvis's offices as part of a criminal investigation into whether a pro-Saudi radio ad campaign run by the firm broke federal law by not disclosing funds from the Saudi government. No charges were ever filed.
Bahrain.
Qorvis is the agency of record for the Kingdom of Bahrain. According to Foreign Agents Registration filings with the Department of Justice, Bahrain's government pays Qorvis $40,000 per month to manage the government's communications strategy and image in the United States in face of civil protests. In August 2011, it was widely reported that Qorvis wrote press releases on behalf of Bahrain's government, defending its crackdown on Doctors Without Borders. Qorvis employee Tom Squitieri has written articles critical of the protesters that have appeared in "The Huffington Post" and "USA Today". Qorvis assists in organizing delegations of individuals who represent the government's point of view. These delegations often criticize opposition to Bahrain's monarchy.
Qorvis was criticized by human rights groups for representing rogue governments such as Bahrain.
In early February 2011, three of Qorvis's partners left the firm disgruntled by compensation; however, they later attributed it to the company's controversial work with foreign governments. A former employee was reported as saying, "I just have trouble working with despotic dictators killing their own people." During the Arab Spring uprisings in 2011, executive vice president Seth Thomas Pietras said, “Our clients are facing some challenges now... But our long-term goals — to bridge the differences between our clients and the United States — haven’t changed. We stand by them.”

</doc>
<doc id="31057897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057897" title="4722d Defense Group">
4722d Defense Group

The 4722d Defense Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was assigned to the 27th Air Division, stationed at George Air Force Base, California. It was inactivated on 31 July 1958.
This command and control organization was activated on 1 December 1956 for the ADC interceptor squadrons assigned to George AFB, California. It was relatively short-lived, and its assigned units were reassigned to Thule AB or directly to the 27th Air Division.
Components

</doc>
<doc id="31057908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057908" title="TES (buffer)">
TES (buffer)

TES is used to make buffer solutions. It has a pKa value of 7.550 (I=0, 25°C). It is one of the Good's buffers and can be used to make buffer solutions in the pH range 6.8–8.2. It is one of the components of Test yolk buffer medium used for refrigeration of semen and transport.

</doc>
<doc id="31057937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057937" title="Battle of the Valerik River">
Battle of the Valerik River

The Battle of the Valerik River on July 11, 1840 was fought as part of the Russian conquest of the Caucasus. It occurred about southwest of the fortress of Groznaya (now Grozny) between forces of the Imperial Russian Army and North Caucasian mountaineers led by the "naib" (viceroy) Ahberdila Muhammad. It remains famous because of the poem "Valerik" by Mikhail Lermontov, a participant.
Situation in the eastern Caucasus on the eve of the battle.
An attempt to disarm the population of Chechnya in the spring of 1840 had caused unrest which grew into open rebellion against the Russian authorities. The Caucasus resistance leader, Imam Shamil, took this opportunity to appoint Ahberdila Muhammad as "naib" (governor) of Lesser Chechnya and call for a general uprising of the "Nadterechny" Chechens, the tribes inhabiting Ingushetia, the Galashevtsy, and the Arshtins. The Russian authorities felt compelled to organize a military expedition against the rebels.
On July 6, the Galafeyev detachment set out from the Groznaya fortress and began destroying the fields and villages to the south and southwest of the fortress, as the inhabitants fled. The rebels did not resist directly, but engaged in constant harassing actions which afflicted the Russians and caused losses.
The detachment's line of march led toward the village of Achkhoy, the road to which passed through the Chekhinsky Forest and crossed the Valerik River. The rebels apparently anticipated the Russian movement and for three days fortified the banks of the Valerik with abatis and debris. On July 11 the Galafeyev detachment decamped from the village of Gekhi and moved toward the Valerik.
Opposing forces.
The resistance.
Lermontov in a letter to Barbara Lopukhin and later in his poem "Valerik" evaluated the strength of the enemy at 6,000 to 7,000 fighters. Given that in the area of Lesser Chechnya under the leadership of Ahberdila Muhammad, there were 5,700 families, and that an unprecedented effort was being made on the part of the rebels; assuming about one fighter from each family, the number 6,000 does not seem too high.
Course of the battle.
Passing through the Chekhinsky Forest toward the Valerik, the Russian column stretched along a narrow forest road. The approaches to the river saw the first clash as the rebels fired on the column from the forest undergrowth. The Russian advance guard, however, quickly chased off the enemy and the column's battle order was restored.
Soon a Russian detachment reached the Valerik. The river at this point intersects the road the Russians were using almost perpendicularly, and in normal conditions is easily fordable. The bank on the Russian side is an open beach, but the opposite bank is steep and wooded. On both sides of the road the rebels had cut down trees to create a clear field of fire about the length of a musket shot.
Approaching the river to within canister range, the Russian gunners fired a volley into the thicket on the opposite shore, but no reaction was seen.
The vanguard of the infantry battalions were preparing to cross the river and occupy the forest on both sides of the road, to facilitate the passage of the baggage train and other units. Parts of the main body were deployed in their support. At this point, the rebels began to fire on the Russians from across the river.
The battalions of the Kurinsky Regiment, with combat engineers, rushed forward on both sides of the road and crossed the river, where on the opposite side was a rebel fortified blockhouse of logs, and engaged the enemy in a bayonet fight in the forest thicket. The rebels broke before the onslaught and started to retreat, but many of them, cut off from their own people, ran out of the woods near the river where they came under Russian artillery fire from the opposite bank, which drove them back into the woods.
Separate groups of rebels cut-off from the main forces attempted to attack the convoy and the headquarters of General Galafeyev, but were everywhere repulsed. Skirmishes continued for some time in the forest near the abatis, which the rebels defended particularly tenaciously, but by six o'clock the battle began to subside and the engineers, withdrawn from the forest, began to assist the convoy in crossing the Valerik.
Casualties.
According to the action report of the Galafeyev detachment, the unit's losses were:
29 Russian horses were killed and 42 injured.
The rebels left 150 dead on the battlefield. According to the reports of spies, Ahberdila Muhammad was shot in the leg. Lermontov stated in a letter that 600 bodies were left by the rebels.
Results and implications.
After crossing the Valerik, the Galafeyev detachment moved to Achkhoy, meeting no further serious resistance. Some minor clashes and skirmishes continued.
Local residents said that the rebels had been sure that the Russians would not be able to cross the Valerik, so at Achkhoy and other nearby villages the residents did not leave until the Russians actually arrived. Here the Galafeyev detachment was met by troops under Major General Ivan Labyntsev who had been performing similar operations in Ingushetia. On July 14 the Galafeyev detachment returned to Groznaya.
After a series of similar operations in the late summer and autumn of 1840, the rebellion in Chechnya and Ingushetia was extinguished. The rebels, who did not want to accept this situation, were forced to leave the mountainous region of Dagestan, and a strategic success against the Russian authorities was not obtained.
Lermontov's role and poem.
Mikhail Lermontov, a lieutenant in the Tenginsky Regiment, showed exemplary valor in the battle. The official battle report stated:
For this, Lermontov was awarded the Order of St. Vladimir Fourth Class, but he never received the award as his name was removed from the final list of recipients by Czar Nicholas I, who harbored a strong dislike for the contumacious poet.
Lermontov's poem "Valerik" was first published (with omissions) in 1843 in the anthology "Dawn". Although the poem contains battle scenes both stirring and grisly (which correlate in great detail to the official action report), the poem ultimately views war as a senseless slaughter, and he and the fighters (on both sides) as "beasts" violating the beautiful world of his beloved pristine Caucasus
Lermontov also made several drawings depicting scenes of the battle.
In the poem, Lermontov names the Valerik as the River of Death (the Chechen name (Valargthe) does actually mean "river of the dead"):
and because of this, the term "Valerik" is still used occasionally in Russia as a metaphor for "place of slaughter".

</doc>
<doc id="31057939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057939" title="Samudra Methi">
Samudra Methi

When Fenugreek or Methi plants are harvested as microgreens they are referred to as Samudra Methi.
This nomenclature is typical to places in and around Mumbai, in Maharashtra, India. It is grown locally typically in sandy tracts near the sea shore. It derives its name from a conjunction of Samudra (which means ocean in Sanskrit) and Methi (which is the Indian name for fenugreek.
It tastes slightly less bitter than full grown fenugreek and is usually sold in small bunches in local vegetable markets in and around Mumbai.
Cultivation of samudra methi may be related to sea shore degradation and may pose a threat to the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="31057942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057942" title="Tây Vinh Massacre">
Tây Vinh Massacre

The Bình An / Tây Vinh massacre () was a series of massacres conducted by the ROK Capital Division of the South Korean Army between February 12, 1966 and March 17, 1966 of 1,200 unarmed citizens in Bình An village, today Tây Vinh village, Tây Sơn District of Bình Định Province in South Vietnam. During the operation, the Capital Division assaulted 15 hamlets in Tây Vinh village. In the one hamlet, the ROK soldiers rounded up and shot 68 villagers. Only 3 villagers survived. The Capital Division carried out a similar massacre in Bình An village on 26 February 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="31057943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057943" title="Manuel Toharia">
Manuel Toharia

Manuel Toharia Cortés is a Spanish science writer, museum director and television personality.
Biography and career.
Born on August 3, 1944 in Madrid, Spain, Toharia is the Science Director of the City of Arts and Sciences and the Príncipe Felipe Science Museum in Valencia, Spain since taking the post in 1999. 
Toharia holds a degree in Physics from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid specializing in astrophysics. From 1970 to 1979 he was the editor of the science section of the Spanish newspaper 
Informaciones, and was one of the most popular figures in Spanish television as the "weather man" on Televisión Española (TVE) until the early 1980s. 
Toharia directed and hosted various science programs on TVE including "Alcores" (1981–1983), "Última Frontera" (1983–1984), "Viva la Ciencia" (1990) and "El Alambique" (1989) on Canal Sur.

</doc>
<doc id="31057972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057972" title="Sergei Polunin">
Sergei Polunin

Sergei Vladimirovich Polunin (; born November 20, 1989) is a ballet dancer who was formerly a principal dancer with the British Royal Ballet and is currently a principal dancer with The Stanislavsky Music Theatre (Moscow) and the Novosibirsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre (Novosibirsk) in Russia.
Life and career.
Sergei Polunin was born in Ukraine. He comes from Kherson.
From the age of 4 until 8 he trained at a gymnastics academy and then spent another four years at the Kyiv State Choreographic Institute. His mother Galina Polunina moved with him to Kyiv while his father Vladimir Polunin worked in Portugal to support them.
After Sergei Polunin graduated from the Kyiv Choreographic Institute he joined the British Royal Ballet School at the age of 13 in 2003, sponsored by the Rudolf Nureyev Foundation. He became a first soloist at the Royal Ballet in 2009. In June 2010 Polunin became the Royal Ballet's youngest ever principal. After two successful years, on January 24, 2012, Polunin announced his resignation from the company with immediate effect. Several months later, in summer 2012, Polunin was invited to Russia by its famous ballet dancer and an artistic director of ballet of the two Russian theatres Igor Zelensky, and became a principal dancer with The Stanislavsky Music Theatre and Novosibirsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre. On April 4–7, 2013, it was reported that Polunin had walked out on the Schaufuss Ballet's performance of 'Midnight Express' just days before its opening night.
Polunin has received numerous awards, including the Prix de Lausanne and Youth America Grand Prix in 2006, and in 2007 was named the Young British Dancer of the year.
The New York Times described Polunin as "a fabulous dancer, with a steely technique and beautiful line" in its review of "Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland" (2011) when he danced as the Knave, who doubled as Alice's romantic interest.
He was first shown in the international spotlight in the role of Slavemaster/Sheppard in the 25th Anniversary "The Phantom of the Opera at the Royal Albert Hall".
Polunin was shortlisted as the best male dancer for The 2014 National Dance awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31057987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31057987" title="2000 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2000 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2000 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the nineteenth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 1998 was Georgia. The competition took place in Boise, Idaho, hosted by Boise State University in the BSU Pavilion. The 2000 Team Champions were the UCLA Bruins. For the individual championship, Heather Brink, Nebraska, 39.625, and Mohini Bhardwaj, UCLA, 39.625 shared the title.

</doc>
<doc id="31058012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058012" title="FV434">
FV434

The FV434 is the Armoured Repair Vehicle variant of the British Army's FV430 series of armoured fighting vehicles. Introduced in the 1960s, it is operated by the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME). It is still used by the REME, but is soon to be phased out.
Description.
The FV434's primary role is to repair disabled and damaged vehicles, but it also has a limited recovery capability. It is fitted with a crane (capable of lifting up to 3 tons) to assist its work in repairing armoured and un-armoured vehicles. The FV434 is capable of changing other FV430 series power packs, however, it is unable to handle the power pack the British Army's Challenger 2 main battle tank - this is done by Challenger ARRV in forward areas and soft skin repair vehicles in base areas.
In addition to the crane, the FV424 is fitted with a fold-away work bench to the rear of the vehicle. Like its personnel carrier version, it is capable of amphibious operation with the aid of a floatation screen. Once in the water, it is propelled by its tracks at up to 5.6 km/h. It is crewed by 4 soldiers: commander, driver and two fitters.
Examples on Display.
The REME Museum of Technology has an example of a FV434 demonstrating the change of a power-pack on a FV432.

</doc>
<doc id="31058025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058025" title="Raven Quinn">
Raven Quinn

Raven Quinn (born March 4, 1984) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. Her first self-titled album was released March 4, 2010. Her second album "Not In Vain" is currently in progress. Quinn released the title track "Not In Vain" as the forthcoming album's first single on October 31, 2013.
Biography.
Raven Quinn was born in Salt Lake City (Utah) and attended high school and college in St. George, Utah. Today she lives in Los Angeles (California). She is not married, but is engaged.
Career.
Raven Quinn released her first solo album "Raven Quinn" on 4 March 2010. It soon became a success and number one on Amazon's "Movers and Shakers" charts (charts Amazon's fastest selling digital albums) and held top 100 chart positions in Rock and MP3 albums in general within the first twelve hours of release. 
The album was produced with Dan Brodbeck who previously worked with Dolores O'Riordan. O'Riordan introduced Brodbeck and Quinn.
The songs from Quinn's debut album have different characters. Beneath some dark and brooding goth rock tracks ("The Window" and "Giving Up the Ghost") there are also light, ethereal and angelic ballads ("Ballerina In a Music Box"). The album leads through Quinn's psyche and shows the light and darkness in everyone's life. Her strong and unique voice gives the album its special character.
Quinn is now working on her second album which is entitled "Not In Vain". Quinn released an album teaser video with snippets of the tracks "Not In Vain" and "Atypical" in May 2012. In December of 2012, Quinn released a digital EP entitled "Demos & Rarities Part I" a collection of demo recordings and previously unreleased tracks which were recorded during the making of her debut album. In October of 2013, Quinn released the title track "Not In Vain" from her forthcoming second album of the same name, and announced that it would be the album's first single. Three of Quinn's songs are available for Rock Band: Decadence, The Window, and Catalyst.
Discography.
Album:
Singles:
Other appearances:

</doc>
<doc id="31058041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058041" title="Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Mixed relay">
Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Mixed relay

The Mixed relay of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 was held on March 3, 2011 at 16:30 local time. 26 nations participated. The two participating women athletes raced over 2 x 6 km, while the men's distance was 2 x 7.5 km.

</doc>
<doc id="31058053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058053" title="Halde Rheinpreußen">
Halde Rheinpreußen

The Halde Rheinpreußen is a spoil tip in the German city Moers which lies above its ambit. It is part of the category "Panoramas" of the Ruhr Industrial Heritage Trail.
In 1963, the spoil tip was heaped up with materials of the pit 5/9, i.e. the mine "Zeche Rheinpreußen".
In autumn 1999, the artist Otto Piene, co-founder of the "ZERO" group, presented his idea of a mining lamp memorial called "Geleucht" for the first time. Between 2005 and 2006, 35 lamp poles were assembled on the spoil tip for red illumination of an area of . In 2007, the circa and heavy landmark was constructed on the Halde Rheinpreußen.
Since the dedication of the "Geleucht" on , the mining lamp memorial and the lamp poles are illuminated every night. The stairs to the observation deck are opened on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="31058061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058061" title="2008 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2008 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2008 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty seventh NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 2007 was Georgia. The Competition took place in Athens, Georgia hosted by the University of Georgia in Stegeman Coliseum. The 2008 Championship was won by Georgia, their fourth in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="31058066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058066" title="Net stable funding ratio">
Net stable funding ratio

During the 2007 banking crisis, several banks (such as Northern Rock in the UK or US investment banks Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers) suffered a liquidity crisis, due to their over-reliance on short term wholesale funding from the interbank lending market. As a result the G20 has launched an overhaul of banking regulation, known as Basel III. In addition to changes in capital requirements, Basel III also contains entirely new liquidity requirements: the net stable funding ratio (NSFR) and the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). Both ratios are landmark requirements: it is planned that they will apply to all banks worldwide if they are engaged in international banking activities.
Net stable funding ratio (NSFR or NSF ratio).
The net stable funding ratio has been proposed within Basel III, the new set of capital requirements for banks, which will over time replace Basel II. Basel III has been prepared within the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision of the Bank for International Settlements. 
Basel III is not yet implemented. 
This funding ratio seeks to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long term, stable funding.
These components of stable funding are not equally weighted: see page 21 and 22 of the Consultative Document dated December 2009 for the detailed weights.
Long term assets or "structural term assets" means:
See page 23 of the consultative document dated December 2009 for the detailed weights.
This consultative document will be amended.
The standard (or metric).
Stable funding/weighted long term assets "must be" > 100%
See page 20 of the consultative document dated December 2009 
Planned implementation.
Together with the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), the net stable funding ratios (NSF ratios)
are part of the new proposed development of international liquidity standards.
The LCR will gradually be implemented starting from 2015. In 2015 the ratio should be 60 percent or higher. The implementation must be finished in 2019, with a ratio higher than 100 percent 
Banks have until 2018 to meet the NSFR standard. Over time this Net stable funding ratio will be reviewed as proposals are developed and industry standards implemented.
Off-balance sheet categories.
As mentioned above, off-balance sheet categories are also weighted: they will contribute to the long-term assets. This is best explained by the potential for contingent calls on funding liquidity (revocable and irrevocable line of credit and liquidity facilities to clients). As a consequence, once the standard is in place, off-balance sheet commitments will need to be funded, within the stable funding.
See page 24 of the consultative document dated December 2009 for the detailed weights.
This may help prevent the excessive use of the shadow banking system, including special purpose entity and structured investment vehicle, as these conduits often benefit from liquidity facilities (so-called back-stop facilities) granted by the bank which created them.

</doc>
<doc id="31058068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058068" title="Concourse Program at MIT">
Concourse Program at MIT

The Concourse Program is a freshman learning community at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Concourse admits up to fifty select MIT freshmen a year who are interested in understanding the breadth of human knowledge and the larger context of their science and engineering studies. Concourse has been recognized with the 2011 Irwin Sizer Award for Most Significant Improvement to MIT Education.
History.
Concourse began in 1970 as an experimental project initiated by Professors Louis Bucciarelli and David Oliver of the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics and sponsored by the Commission on MIT Education. The founding staff members (later known as the Clock Group) came from a variety of academic disciplines. From science and engineering were Ronald Bruno, Louis Bucciarelli, Duncan Foley, Martin Horowitz, Daniel Kemp, David Oliver, and Brian Schwartz. They were joined by Nancy Dworsky and Travis Merritt from the humanities. In fall 1970, the group ran a seminar titled "From Earth to Moon: Fact, Fiction, and Fantasy."
In spring 1971, Concourse received academic and budgetary approval, along with permission to enroll up to 35 freshmen in the fall (i.e., class of 1975). The common room and office space were in building 35. Nancy McFarland was the administrative assistant. Jeffrey Hankoff, Adrian Houtsma, Karl Linn, and Robert Silbey joined the staff.
Past directors include David Adler, Jerome "Jerry" Lettvin, and Robert M. Rose (1989-2009). Cheryl Butters was the program administrator from 1975 until her retirement from MIT at the end of January 2011.
The program had office and classroom space on the second floor of the old barracks building (MIT building 20; the lounge was room 20C-221), where it resided until the building's demolition in 1998 to make way for the Stata Center. It now resides in the Dorrance Building (MIT building 16) at the center of the central section of campus and along the extension of the Infinite Corridor.
Present Program.
Since 2009, new leadership at Concourse has been gradually returning its curriculum to its interdisciplinary roots. The humanities component has been reinvigorated with two foundational Fall course which addresses the 'fundamental questions': CC.110 "Becoming Human: Ancient Greek Perspectives on the Best Life" and CC.113 "Ancient Greek Philosophy and Mathematics". All freshmen in Concourse take one of these two HASS-H, CI-H courses. The courses are linked by a Friday lunch and seminar series that is also required of all freshmen.
As a freshman learning community, Concourse teaches the math and science General Institute Requirements of physics, chemistry, calculus, and differential equations. The Concourse Integration Seminar bridges the humanities and the sciences by exploring questions about the origins of science and the distinct human choices that have produced modern scientific institutions. The aim is to teach students the intellectual-historical context of the present so that they can learn to identify and evaluate the unspoken assumptions that underlie the modern perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="31058093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058093" title="All Saints Church, East Horndon">
All Saints Church, East Horndon

All Saints Church, East Horndon, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of East Horndon, Essex, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands north of the village, and northwest of the junction between the A127 and A128 roads, some south of Brentwood.
Early history.
The church was built in the last quarter of the 15th century by the Tyrells of nearby Heron Hall to replace an earlier church on the site. The south chapel and the porch were added in the first quarter of the following century. The upper stage of the tower was rebuilt in the 17th century. During the 19th century, the fabric of the church deteriorated, by the 1890s it was "almost ruinous", and it was closed in 1898. During the next ten years the church was restored by George Frederick Bodley to return it to as near as possible to its original condition. However, it was allowed to deteriorate again. During the Second World War, a bomb exploded close to the church, destroying much of the stained glass and weakening its structure. After the war, a tramp set the tower alight, and thieves stole items from the church, including its four bells. Then vandals caused more damage. The font and the surviving monuments were removed to museums for safe keeping.
Architecture.
Exterior.
All Saints is constructed in red brick, with English bond brickwork, and stone dressings. Its plan consists of a three-bay nave with north and south two-storey transepts, a chancel with north and south chapels, a south porch, and a west tower. The tower is in two stages, with large corner buttresses. The buttresses continue upwards and become turrets at the corners. In the upper stage are round-headed bell openings. The parapet is stepped. On top of the tower is a shingled pyramidal roof, surmounted by a weather vane. In the centre of the south side of the church is a gabled transept. In its lower storey is a square-headed three-light window, above this is a small window with a brick surround, and in the gable is a sundial. To the west of the transept is a porch, continuous with the transept, with a pilaster buttress at the junction. Above the entrance to the porch is an arched recess, and at its west corner is a diagonal buttress. Inside the porch is the original seating. The porch leads to the doorway into the church, which dates from about 1500. In the spandrels over the archway are carvings of a shield and a Tudor rose. To the west of the porch is a tall window with a brick surround. To the east of the transept, protruding from the chancel is a two-bay chapel. This contains two square-headed windows, one with two lights, and one with three lights. On the corners are diagonal buttresses. On the north side of the church there is also a central transept. It has similar windows to those in the south transept, plus another square-framed window. To the east of this, in the north wall of the chancel, is a window with an arched head. There are no windows in the north chapel, but there are two large crosses on pedestals. The east window in the chancel has a three-light window with a stone surround, dating from the 19th century.
Interior.
On the north wall of the nave are monuments to the Powell family, forerunners of Robert Baden-Powell. Beside the south door is a damaged stoup. The north transept contains a narrow brick staircase leading to the upper storey. The upper room of the transept is joined to the corresponding room in the south transept by a beam, the only remaining part of a rood screen. The pulpit dating from about 1700 was destroyed by vandals in 1971. In the chancel, a small chapel known as the Founder's Tomb projects from the north wall. A single fragment of medieval stained glass is in one of the chancel windows. The 15th-century chancel roof was damaged during the Second World War, but the parts that have survived include bosses carved with flowers, fruit, shields and angels. There is a two-bay arcade between the chancel and the south chapel. This is known as the Tyrell Chapel and contains memorials to members of the Tyrell family. The oldest monument is to Lady Alice Tyrell who died in 1422. This had been moved to Layer Marney in 1969 for safety, but was returned here in 1976. There are marble wall monuments to other members of the Tyrell family, with dates in the 17th and 18th centuries. Under the floor of the chapel is a small crypt, now sealed. In the south transept is an altar tomb dating from about 1520, and in the upper storey is a medieval fireplace and chimney. A staircase leads from the upper storey room down to the porch. 
Many of the fittings have been stolen or moved elsewhere. A font dating from about 1200, formerly in the north transept, has been moved to Great Wakering in Essex. An escutcheon formerly above the Founder's Tomb has been moved to Layer Marney church. A black marble floor slab to the memory of Sir John Tyrell who died in 1675 is in Heron Hall. The most important monument was made by Joseph Nollekens to Sir John Tyrell, 5th baronet, who died in 1766. This is now in the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Recent history and present day.
In 1970 a committee was formed in an attempt to save and preserve the church. Work was undertaken to make the building as safe and as waterproof as possible. The All Saints Society was formed to raise money, donations were received from individuals, and grants were made by the Friends of Friendless Churches, the Ford Trust of Britain, and Essex County Council. The church was declared redundant on 13 November 1970, and it became vested in the Redundant Churches Fund, the forerunners of the Churches Conservation Trust. The Trust has organised further repairs and restorations. An organisation known as the Friends of All Saints East Horndon arranges events in the church. The church is open on Saturdays during the summer months.
External features.
In the churchyard is a memorial to members of the Freman family. It consists of an enclosure surrounded by railings, containing three 18th-century tombs in Portland stone. It has been listed at Grade II. Also listed at Grade II and associated with the church is a small 17th-century timber-framed stable. There are the war graves of a Northamptonshire Regiment soldier of World War I, and two airmen of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31058096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058096" title="House I">
House I

House I is a sculpture by Roy Lichtenstein.
It is located at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.
The house uses optical illusion to play with perspective. To appreciate the full effect, walk at a steady rate along the arc of the sidewalk that runs in front of and nearly perpendicular to the sculpture, with your head turned to one side, facing the sculpture. The house will appear to be spinning in space, like the "Wizard of Oz" house. 
It was constructed of painted aluminum, modeled in 1996 and constructed in 1999.
Among his last works, it was a part of the "House" series. "House II" was shown at the Venice Biennale in 1997, and "House III" was shown at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="31058111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058111" title="Gare de Lamotte-Beuvron">
Gare de Lamotte-Beuvron

Lamotte-Beuvron is a railway station in Lamotte-Beuvron, Centre, France.
The Station.
The station opened on 20 July 1847 and is located on the Orléans–Montauban railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Lamotte-Beuvron:

</doc>
<doc id="31058116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058116" title="Miss Earth México 2011">
Miss Earth México 2011

Miss Earth México 2011, the 10th annual national beauty pageant of Miss Earth México, was held on September 17, 2011 in Quintana Roo, Municipality of Othon P. Blanco. Claudia Mollinedo of Tabasco, crowned the winner Casandra Ananké Becerra Vázquez from Distrito Federal.
The winner of Miss Earth México 2011 represented México in the international Miss Earth 2011 pageant which was held on December 3, 2011 at the University of the Philippines Theater in Diliman, Quezon City, Philippines.
Results.
The following is the outcome of the pageant:
Special awards.
Special awards were given during the Miss Earth México 2011 coronation night as follows:
Delegates.
The following is the list of delegates that represented the 32 States of Mexico as listed in the Miss Earth Mexico 2011 website including their height and age during the pageant:

</doc>
<doc id="31058126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058126" title="Gertrude Flynn">
Gertrude Flynn

Gertrude Flynn (born January 14, 1909 in New York, died October 16, 1996 in South Carolina) was an American stage, film and television actress. She was married to Asa Bordages, a feature writer for the "New York World-Telegram" and playwright known for the 1941 play "Brooklyn USA".
Career.
Her film and television career began in 1954. In the movie "The Barefoot Contessa" she played Lulu McGee. She then played Maggie Blake in the "Sherlock Holmes" episode, "The Case of the Belligerant Ghost." She made four guest appearances on "Perry Mason" in the early 1960s, including the role of Agatha Culpepper in "The Case of the Floating Stones." During the 1965-1966 season of the soap opera "Days of Our Lives" she made five guest appearances as Anna Sawyer. She made her final television appearances in 1987 in the series "Outlaws".
Theater.
Flynn performed on Broadway beginning in the late 1920s. She appeared in over a dozen plays through 1952, including
"The New York Times" noted her appearance in the 1940 performance of "Romantic Mr. Dickens", a drama about the romances of Charles Dickens, and wrote that she "fit smoothly into this rather unorthodox picture of a literary tradition."
After beginning her work in film and television, Flynn continued work in theater, making appearances in such as "Summer Voices" at the Circle Theater in Los Angeles as late as 1977. Of her 1965 performance in the West Coast Repertory Company's troubled production of "Long Day's Journey Into Night", the "Los Angeles Times" wrote "The one saving grace of the evening was the fine performance by Gertrude Flynn of Mary Tyrone".
Film and television.
Flyn appeared in the Academy Award winning film "I Want To Live" other films include "Invitation to a Gunfighter" and "Rome Adventure". She also guest starred on over a dozen TV series including "The Millionaire", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Maverick", "Dr Kildare", "Perry Mason", "Gunsmoke" and "The Love Boat" and most notably the classic 1961 "The Twilight Zone" episode, "Will the Real Martian Please Stand Up". She also appeared in the 1978 miniseries "How The West Was Won".

</doc>
<doc id="31058129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058129" title="Turkish lobby in the United States">
Turkish lobby in the United States

The Turkish lobby in the United States is a lobby that works on behalf of Turkey in promoting that nation's interests with the American government. The Turkish lobby is one of the many lobby groups in the United States working to promote their interests.
Main lobbyists.
In 2009 the Turkish lobby spent almost $1.7 million lobbying American officials on Turkish issues and on behalf of the Middle Eastern policy concerns it shares with the Arab lobby in the United States. Lobbyists working on behalf of and paid by the government of Turkey include former Congressman Dick Gephardt and former Congressman Bob Livingston. 
Strength.
According to ProPublica, in 2007-8 paid, professional lobbyists acting on behalf of the government of Turkey had more contacts with members of congress than lobbyists acting for any other foreign government.
Efforts against Armenian Genocide recognition.
The Turkish lobby worked "intensely" to prevent passage of HR 106, the United States resolution on Armenian genocide. The "New York Times" writes that, "former Representative Robert Livingston (Bob Livingston) has been the main lobbyist for Turkey in blocking congressional efforts to pass an Armenian genocide resolution." In 2010 the "Washington Post" wrote that the Armenian Genocide resolution "prompted an aggressive push by the government of Turkey and its lobbying firm led by former House majority leader Richard A. Gephardt (D-Mo.), who had urged recognition of the Armenian genocide when he was in Congress. Public-relations firm Fleishman-Hillard also has a contract with Turkey worth more than $100,000 a month, records show. A "contingent of members of the Turkish parliament visited Washington" to lobby on behalf of the Turkish view.
According to the "Washington Post", "The Turkish government has spent millions on Washington lobbying over the past decade, much of it focused on the Armenian genocide issue. The country's current lobbyist, the Gephardt Group, collects about $70,000 a month for lobbying services from the government in Ankara, according to federal disclosure records. 
Spendings.
According to ProPublica, Turkey is one of "The Top Players in Foreign Agent Lobbying," spending $3,524,632 lobbying the American government in 2007 and 2008 alone.
According to the Sunlight Foundation, the government of Turkey "has consistently lavished millions each year on well-connected Washington lobbying firms."

</doc>
<doc id="31058132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058132" title="2011 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament">
2011 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament was held at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. The tournament began on March 3 and ended on March 6, 2011. The first round and quarterfinals were televised by Fox Sports South, the semifinals by ESPNU, and the finals by ESPN2. 
Seeds.
All SEC schools played in the tournament. Teams were seeded by their 2010–11 SEC season record, with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records. Unlike men's basketball play, SEC women's play is not conducted in a divisional format; all 12 teams are organized in a single table. The top four teams on the regular-season table received byes.

</doc>
<doc id="31058160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058160" title="Exotica (book)">
Exotica (book)

Exotica: Fabricated Soundscapes in a Real World, published in 1999, is English musician and author David Toop's book on the musical genre Exotica.

</doc>
<doc id="31058165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058165" title="Tomáš Zápotoka">
Tomáš Zápotoka

Tomáš Zápotoka (born 4 February 1987 in Bardejov) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for FK Drustav Svidník.

</doc>
<doc id="31058184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058184" title="Pir-e-Kamil">
Pir-e-Kamil

Pir-e-Kamil (or Peer-e-Kamil), () meaning The Perfect Mentor, is a fiction novel authored by Pakistani writer Umera Ahmad. It was first published in Urdu in 2004 and later in English in 2011. The book deals with the turning points in intervening lives of two people: a runaway girl named Imama Hashim; and a boy named Salar Sikander having an IQ level above 150. The story spans a time period of around ten years.
It is Ahmad's most popular work.
Plot summary.
The story's protagonist, Imama Hashim, belongs to an influential Ahmadiyya family living in Islamabad. She decides to convert to Sunni Islam after being influenced by her friends. She attends her senior shabiha's lectures in secrecy from her family and her roommates, Javeria and Rabia. While studying in a medical school in Lahore, she falls in love for her friend Zainab's elder brother doctor Jalal Ansar. But Imama's family tries to coerce her to marry her first cousin Asjad, which is unacceptable to her as she can not marry a non-Muslim. In the result, her parents respond by locking her up in the house and taking away her cell phone.
Imama seeks help from Salar whom she is antagonistic with since she is a religious girl and Salar is not. He is a rich boy with an IQ level above 150. Imama wishes to marry Jalal, but Salar lies to her that Jalal has married someone else. Imama is saddened and asks Salar to marry her so that her family will not be able to force her. Salar helps her and marries but soon after loses contact with her.
Imama finds a sanctuary under Sibt-e-Ali and his family. She changes her name and completes her studies and starts working in a pharmaceutical company in Lahore. She hates Salar because he refused to divorce her as he had promised. 
Salar later travels to New Haven for education, then he works for United Nations for some time
before permanently settling in Lahore. Salar finally sees the errors of his ways and changes for good. Later, the scene shifts near to Kaaba, where Salar and Imama are sitting together worshipping God. Salar realizes that God has given him a blessed women to be his companion, and vows to protect her.

</doc>
<doc id="31058185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058185" title="Zaldapa">
Zaldapa

Zaldapa ("Zeldepa", ) was a Late Roman fortified town in Scythia Minor/Moesia, located near Abrit, Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="31058200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058200" title="Adobe Walls, Texas">
Adobe Walls, Texas

"Not to be confused with Adobe Wells, Kansas"
Adobe Walls ia a ghost town in Hutchinson County, northeast of Stinnett, in the U.S. state of Texas. It was established in 1843 as a trading post for buffalo hunters and local Indian trade in the vicinity of the Canadian River. It later became a ranching community. Historically, Adobe Walls is the site of two decisive battles between native Americans and Anglo forces. In the November of 1864 First Battle of Adobe Walls, native Americans successfully repelled attacking troops led by Kit Carson. Ten years later, on June 27, 1874, known as the Second Battle of Adobe Walls, civilians at the Adobe Walls trading post successfully repelled an attack by native Americans. The second battle led to a military campaign which resulted in the relocation of native Americans to Indian Territory in Oklahoma.
On May 22, 1978, the Adobe Walls site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in Texas, and in 1979 recognized as a Texas state archeological landmark.
Establishment.
In 1843, the trading firm of Bent, St. Vrain and Company established a log structure trading site on what is now known as Bent Creek in Hutchinson County. In 1845, they replaced the log structure with an adobe brick 80 foot square, single-entrance fort, with walls that rose 9 foot high. The fort was closed in 1848, due to Indian depredations. In 1849, William Bent found part of his livestock slaughtered by local Indians. He blew up the remains of the fort and departed the panhandle of Texas.
By the time of the renowned battles, the adobe structure was permanently abandoned, leaving only the crumbling adobe walls. In 1874, a new complex was erected north of the ruins by traders from Kansas.
"Bent's Creek, west of the Walls, flowed from the northwest in a southeasterly direction to the Canadian, passing close to the ruins of old Adobe Walls, about a mile and a quarter south of the new Adobe Walls...East of Adobe Walls lay the open valley of Adobe Walls Creek, terminating in a growth of willows, cottonwoods, hackberry, chinaberry, and stunted elms that fringed this stream...".
Dixon described the 1874 establishment, "All the buildings at Adobe Walls faced to the east, the main ones standing in a row. On the south was the store of Rath & Wright, with a great pile of buffalo hides at the rear. Then came Hanrahan's saloon, and fifty yards or so north of the latter was the store of Leonard & Myers, the building forming the northeast corner of the big picket stockade. In the southwest corner of the stockade was a mess house and the store as well. The blacksmith's shop was located just north of Hanrahan's saloon. The adobe walls of the main buildings were about two feet thick."
The battles of Adobe Walls.
First battle.
In November 1864, an estimated 3,000 Kiowa, Comanche and Plains Apache repelled an attacking 372 Army troops under Kit Carson in what became known as the
First Battle of Adobe Walls.
Second battle.
On June 27, 1874, known as the Second Battle of Adobe Walls, 28 trading post civilians repelled 700 attacking Native Americans led by Isa-tai and Quanah Parker.
Post battle era.
Following the battles and relocation of native American tribes, buffalo hunters would still come, but the herds had thinned. The Turkey Track Ranch was established, but the population of the area remained sparse. Human remains were left scattered on the battlefields.
In 1883, civilian Medal of Honor winner Billy Dixon (1850–1913) hired on at the Turkey Track Ranch. He filed for two sections of land at Bent Creek and erected a log house. In 1902, Dixon and his family moved to Plemons. The first school building was destroyed by fire in 1920, and a temporary school was held on the second floor of Billy Dixon's former home at Bent Creek, until a new one would be erected.
Dixon was appointed the first postmaster when Adobe Walls received its post office on August 3, 1887. Dixon ran the post office out of his home, where he and business partner S.G. Carter also had a store. Dixon served as postmaster until 1901, at which time Otto Anderson was appointed postmaster. The post office was in operation until 1921, when it was closed and mail service moved to Plemons.
Adobe Walls was a polling site, and voting there in the 19th Century was a multi-day community event that included barbecue and accompaniments. Today, Adobe Walls is a ghost town.
In 1923 the Panhandle-Plains Historical Society became owners of the remains of the 1874 trading post, and conducted archeological excavations in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="31058209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058209" title="Weak in the Presence of Beauty (song)">
Weak in the Presence of Beauty (song)

"Weak in the Presence of Beauty" is a song written by Michael Ward and Rob Clarke which was first released by their band, the British soul and jazz-influenced pop group Floy Joy, in 1986. The song was later covered by singer Alison Moyet in 1987 and became a hit for her.
Floy Joy version.
Following the band's 1984 debut album "Into the Hot", which spawned two minor Top 100 single entries in the UK chart ("Until You Come Back to Me" and "Operator"), lead vocalist Carroll Thompson left the group, along with Shaun Ward. Michael Ward continued the group with Rob Clarke, and lead vocalist Desi Campbell, the latter who originally the unofficial backing vocalist and bongo player for the group. Together the new trio released one album in 1986 - "Weak in the Presence of Beauty" - which would also be the band's final album. The title track "Weak in the Presence of Beauty" was the lead single from the album. It peaked at #85 in the UK, lasting in the Top 100 for a total of three weeks. It was the group's highest charting single. The song also saw minor success in Canada, where it peaked at #68 on the Singles Chart and #14 on the Adult Contemporary Chart.
Like the band's debut album, the song (and the album) was produced by Don Was in Detroit.
As revealed in The Face magazine during 1986, the inspired "Weak in The Presence" catch phrase originally came to Michael Ward as a joke. He stated ""This girl was saying that she didn't trust me and I said, just off the cuff, "what can I do, I'm weak in the presence of beauty". I still don't know where it came from.""
In The Times, a Malta interview with Campbell saw the interviewer ask ""Weak in the Presence of Beauty was a minor hit for you – but then, Alison Moyet covered it and it became a huge hit. Did you feel cheated?"" Campbell replied ""On the contrary, my association with that song has and continues to open many doors for me and I'm very proud to have been part of a little piece of pop history.""
Critical reception.
In the official American "Billboard Magazine" of January 18, 1986, "Weak in the Presence of Beauty" was mentioned under the "Dance Trax" section. The article stated: ""Floy Joy, much praised but barely charted (like Working Week, another of our undiscovered faves), sound like they have the key to both the U.S. and U.K. charts with "Weak in the Presence of Beauty" (Virgin/U.K.), a Don Was production that's sort of Shannon-meets-"Every Breath You Take". Addictive.""
Alison Moyet version.
"Weak in the Presence of Beauty" is the first 1987 single released by Alison Moyet from her second studio album "Raindancing". Unlike the original version, this cover became a hit throughout Europe.
Background.
Over the last decade, Moyet has revealed that the song was only recorded as she knew it would be a hit single, and that she is not actually fond of the song at all. To promote her 2004 album "Voice", Moyet appeared on This Morning. On the show the introductory clip used was a snippet of the song's music video. Immediately after Phillip Schofield commented ""You just said you hate that song? Why'd you hate that song?"" Moyet stated ""Oh, because I know how cynical I was being when I recorded it. I recorded it 'cause I knew it was a hit rather than the fact that I loved it, and that will teach me, you know? You have a massive hit with something you're not particularly fond of, and it's not a good feeling."" Schofield added ""Of course it's gonna haunt you forever then."" Moyet stated ""Oh yeah it does, you know?""
In an interview by Ian Wade for The Quietus in May 2013, Wade had commented ""You seem much happier that you have fuller control over everything."" Moyet mentioned the song in her response, where she stated ""What I must say is that it's sometimes very easy to sit there and rescind responsibility, but sometimes I couldn't be arsed. That's the truth of it. We can all make the right choices, but sometimes we're just too lazy to. And sometimes I was just too lazy to do it myself. "Love Letters" and "Weak in the Presence of Beauty" – neither song I enjoy now – they're both my fault. I found them. That was when I was feeling smart, thinking that I knew what a hit was - I don't know what's a fucking hit! But they were hits, and now I'm forever to fucking sing them years later!""
In a June 2013 interview by Chi Ming Lai for The Electricity Club, Moyet spoke of the song and her reason for recording the track. Lai asked ""Was that the same circumstances when you released "Love Letters" after the success of "Raindancing"?"" Moyet replied ""Love Letters" was me shooting myself in the foot! That was me being a show-off! That was me showing I had an A&R thing... "oh, I know what a hit is"! I did that twice, I did it with that and with "Weak in the Presence of Beauty"! Two times that I recorded songs knowing they were hits as opposed to the fact I loved them! I say that honestly, that's the only time I've ever recorded anything cynically!""
Other versions.
The American band Eddie & the Tide released a version on their 1987 album "Looking For Adventure".

</doc>
<doc id="31058221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058221" title="Ford Ecostar">
Ford Ecostar

The Ford Ecostar was an experimental electric car in the form of a small delivery van. A sodium-sulfur battery in the floor of the cargo area stored power for a electric motor under the front hood. The Ecostar introduced the road-and-leaf logo now used on a number of Ford products.
Just over 100 Ecostars were produced, and used in fleet tests between 1992 and 1996 with over driven. The Ecostar averaged on a full charge, and demonstrated miles range in one test. However, on several occasions the battery burst into flame during recharging. For this, and several other reasons, Ford lost interest in the sodium-sulfur battery and turned to fuel cell concepts instead.
The product niche appeared to be a useful one and has led to a number of similar designs. The Citroën Berlingo électrique was almost identical in looks, performance and range. Ford is re-entering the market as well, with an electric version of the Transit Connect.
History.
Ford developed the sodium-sulfur battery technology in 1965, but had not developed it commercially. Development was later picked up in Europe.
The Ecostar was introduced as a purely experimental effort, to help develop all aspects of electric vehicle design from engineering to supplier development to market development. A "prototype-of-the-prototypes" was completed with lead acid batteries in 1992, and introduced with the comment that future models would include the new battery technology. Several similar models followed and were lent out for test drives with favorable results.
A total of 80 to 105 "production-prototype" sulfur-powered Ecostars were hand-built starting in 1993, and used in fleet trials with a number of customers starting the next year. At the time, the cost of the battery was a significant $46,000. However, the vehicles were hand-built at a cost of $250,000, so the battery cost was not representative of a production version.
The tests ran for 30 months. Throughout the tests there were problems with the system, including two vehicles that burst into flame while charging. The sulfur in the battery was flammable, a serious safety risk. ABB introduced a new version of the battery, but was unwilling to guarantee performance beyond one year.
In late 1997, Ford announced a partnership with Daimler-Benz and Ballard Power Systems to introduce car-ready fuel cells, and their experiments with the sodium-sulfur batteries ended.
Description.
The Ecostar's chassis was based on the Escort Van produced by Ford's Halewood Body & Assembly factory outside Liverpool. This was essentially a European Escort Mk V with a raised cargo area forming a 2-door panel van. Fully equipped, it weighed .
A significant portion of that weight was its sodium-sulfur battery, which stored 37 kWh. Using the Federal Urban Driving Schedule, this gave the Ecostar a range of . The sodium-sulfur technology was invented by Ford in the 1960s, but the battery for the Ecostar was built by ABB Group in Heidelberg, Germany. In order for the battery to work, it had to be maintained at a temperature of , which keeps the sulfur molten.
To avoid heat loss, and to insulate the cabin from its heat, the battery was stored inside a double-walled stainless steel vacuum bottle. This allowed it to stay warm overnight, and keep its temperature constant even during cold weather, when traditional batteries are less responsive. The container was mounted below the floor plan of the cargo area, which gave the vehicle a low center of gravity that give it well-liked handling. One complaint, however, was the lack of power steering.
The battery powered a three-phase electric motor located under the hood in the area normally used for the gasoline engine. The motor delivered only 75 hp, low for a vehicle of this size, but up to 143 foot-pounds of torque, numbers typical of a much more powerful gasoline engine. This was better torque than the Ford Escort GT, for instance, whose 1.8 litre four-cylinder engine delivered 127 hp but only 114 ft-lb.
One drawback of the sodium-sulfur battery is its relatively slow discharge rates, which limited the amount of power that could be drawn from the battery during acceleration. Drivers described it as "sedate", while Ford estimated its 0-60 mph (0-100 km/h) acceleration at about 16.5 seconds. While slow by car standards, this is similar to other small European delivery vans of the era, like the Volkswagen Eurovan.
While cruising the motor used only 8 kW to maintain speed, about . This speaks to the motor-to-wheel efficiency of the electric drivetrain, as well as the 50 psi low-drag tires. However, the long quoted ranges referred only to driving, not accessory systems. These added considerably to the load; the electric heater burned 5 kW, and the air conditioner 6 kW. In real-world driving, using either would significantly impact range.

</doc>
<doc id="31058225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058225" title="Jade Changed My Life">
Jade Changed My Life

Jade Changed My Life was a tribute special that aired on Sky Living which aired on the second anniversary of Jade Goody's death with interviews from family and friends and also how Goody helped raise awairness with interviews from various women who found out they had the same illness due to the awareness Goody made during her battle through media attention.
Concept.
The show titled ‘Jade Changed My Life’ centred around the reality TV star’s ex Jeff Brazier, widower Jack Tweed and mother Jackiey Budden, who will talk about how they have coped in the aftermath of her death. The show also concentrated on how Jade fought to raise awareness of cervical cancer before she passed tragically on Mother’s Day. Producer Sarah Caplin told The Sun:
“We feel Jade would want us to continue to help raise awareness of the disease.”
Jeff Brazier, the father of her two sons, Bobby and Freddy, talked about how his children have coped since they lost their mother.
Jack Tweed broke his silence about life after Jade, opening up about his daily struggles as her widower. And Jade’s mother, Jackiey Budden, spoke honestly about how she still finds life hard without her daughter.
Previously unseen footage was shown for the first time in the show.

</doc>
<doc id="31058231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058231" title="Brookville BL36PH">
Brookville BL36PH

The Brookville BL36PH is a four-axle diesel-electric locomotive for commuter trains, designed by Brookville Equipment Corporation. It is built with an MTU 20V4000 V20 engine rated at 3,619 horsepower to meet EPA Tier 3 emissions standards. Head end power is generated by a separate, smaller diesel (Caterpillar C-18) gen-set and is rated at 500 kW. The outer shell of the locomotive has been designed by Cesar Vergara, who has also designed the outer shells of several other North American passenger locomotives, including the GE Genesis and the EMD F59PHI.
Tri-Rail, a Florida commuter rail service operated by the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority, is the launch customer, with an initial order for 10 locomotives and later an option order of 2 more locomotives. The order had an option for 17 additional (now 15) locomotives, up to four of which may be sold to Sound Transit, operator of Sounder commuter rail service in Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="31058239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058239" title="Edward Filmer">
Edward Filmer

Edward Filmer (fl. 1707), was an English dramatist.
Filmer was born in or about 1657, was the second son of Sir Robert Filmer, 1st Baronet, of East Sutton, Kent, who died 22 March 1676, by his wife, Dorothy, daughter of Maurice Tuke of Layer Marney, Essex. Hasted wrongly describes him as the ‘second son of Sir Edward Filmer, who died in 1629.’ He was himself seated at East Sutton. In 1672 he was admitted as founder's kin fellow of All Souls' College, Oxford, and took the degree of B.A. on 17 December of that year, proceeding B.C.L. 21 February 1675, D.C.L. 27 Oct. 1681 (Cat. of Oxford Graduates, 1851, p. 229). He wrote a lugubrious blank verse tragedy of extreme length, called ‘The Unnatural Brother,’ 4to, London, 1697, which appears to have been acted three times at the theatre in Little Lincoln's Inn Fields (Genest, Hist. of the Stage, ii. 114). It met with a ‘very cold reception,’ which the author ascribes principally to his having ‘made choice of too few persons in the drama, and that the stage was never filled; there seldom appearing above two at a time, and never above three, till the end and winding up of the whole. … If these must be thought faults now in our nicer age, I am sure they were not thought such heretofore by the Antients’ (Preface). Part of this drama was reproduced by Pierre Antoine Motteux as ‘The Unfortunate Couple; a short Tragedy,’ in ‘The Novelty,’ &c., 4to, 1697. Filmer defended the stage against the attacks of Jeremy Collier in a sensible, well-written treatise entitled ‘A Defence of Plays, or the Stage Vindicated, from several Passages in Mr. Collier's Short View, &c. Wherein is offer'd the most probable method of Reforming our Plays. With a Consideration how far Vicious Characters may be allow'd on the Stage,’ 8vo, London, 1707. Collier replied in ‘A Farther Vindication of the Short View,’ &c., 8vo, London, 1708. Hasted (loc. cit.) is again wrong when he states that Filmer ‘died in 1703.’ By license, dated 29 Jan. 1686–7, he married Archiballa, only daughter and heiress of Archibald Clinkard or Clenkard of Sutton Valence, Kent (Chester, London Marriage Licences, ed. Foster, col. 484), and was buried at East Sutton.

</doc>
<doc id="31058266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058266" title="National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe">
National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe

National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe, or "Giorno del ricordo" in Italian language, is an Italian celebration for the memory of the victims of the Foibe and the Istrian-Dalmatian exodus. With Law 92 of 30 March 2004 has been instituted this "Day of Remembrance" in day 10 February, to keep memory of victims of Foibe and of the exodus to which almost the whole population of Italian origins living in Dalmatia and Julian March has been constricted by Yugoslavia. The same law has instituted a specific medal to be conferred to relatives of victims:
Law's motivation.
This National Memorial Day is held annually on 10 February and is celebrated by all Italian political parties including the President and comune mayors. The remembrance is in memory of the killing and enforced exile of Italians and democrat or anticommunist Slavs ordered by communist dictator Josip Broz Tito in 1943–60.
The incidents are known as the foibe massacres and the Istrian exodus. The estimated number of people killed between 1,500 and 5,000, and up to nearly 400,000 Italians were expelled or emigrated from Dalmatia, Istria and the area bordering Slovenia.
Introduction of the Law.
Exiles requested recognition of the Foibe many years ago but diplomatic reasons delayed any progress, given Italy's peaceful relations with president Tito, who was a useful ally against the Soviet empire during the cold war; but after the fall of all the communist dictatorships in Europe and the subsequent dissolution of the Italian Communist Party in January 1991, a Bill was introduced into parliament. Italian deputies and senators almost unanimously voted in favour and the law was passed as number 92 on March 30, 2004.
Law's effect.
The National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe is a civilian memorial day but no reduction of working time is observed. The law grants an award, but no money, for all relatives of assassinated victims, upon request. Those who died in concentration camps are also considered victims. The award consists of a certificate and a metal insignia with sentence "The Italian Republic remembers". The law also institutes two museums; the Museum of Istrian-Dalmatian civilization in Trieste and the historical archive museum of Fiume, transported to Rome.
Approval and criticism.
Italian president Giorgio Napolitano gave an official speech during the 2007 celebration of the "Memorial Day of Foibe Massacres and Istrian-Dalmatian exodus" in which he stated:
Although widely welcomed in Italy, this commemoration has received some criticism from the Italian radical left and in Croatia claiming it was an "attempt at neofascist revisionism". In February 2012 a photo of Italian troops who were killing Slovene civilians (as a retaliation because Tito's partizans murdered Italian soldiers) was shown on public Italian TV as if being the other way round. When historian Alessandra Kersevan, who was a guest, pointed it out to the television host Bruno Vespa that it is Slovenes on the photo who were killed and not vice versa, the host did not apologize. A diplomatic protest followed.

</doc>
<doc id="31058274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058274" title="Alfredo Abon Lee">
Alfredo Abon Lee

Captain Alfredo Abon Lee is a retired Cuban army officer. He was the commander of the garrison at Yaguajay, where he fought the 26th of July Movement in December 1958 in one of the final engagements of the Cuban Revolution.
Lee is of Chinese Cuban ancestry. He currently lives in New Jersey, U.S.A.

</doc>
<doc id="31058277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058277" title="Advancing Human Rights">
Advancing Human Rights

Advancing Human Rights (AHR) is 501 (c) 3 non-profit organization that focuses on human rights. Its stated objective is to "leverage the tools of democracy to support those fighting for human rights in closed societies."
Profile.
Advancing Human Rights (AHR) was created in 2010 by Robert L. Bernstein, the founder of Human Rights Watch and former President and CEO of Random House for twenty-five years. AHR focuses on freedom of speech, women’s rights and promoting the freedoms outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Programs.
AHR currently runs multiple programs: CyberDissidents.org, Dissident Squared, and Movements.org.
CyberDissidents.org's stated mission is to support human liberty by promoting the voices of online dissidents.
Dissident Squared is an AHR campaign with the mission of renaming the streets in front of the embassies of closed societies in honor of imprisoned or killed dissidents. In June 2014, Dissident Squared was supported by members of Congress in their campaign to rename the street in front of the Chinese embassy "Liu Xiaobo Plaza." 
In August 2012, Movements.org, in collaboration with Al-Jazeera, launched an interactive tracking tool that tracks the Syrian Defections of senior military officials, members of parliament and diplomats of Assad's regime. The tracker was released on Al Jazeera and can be found here.
As of June 2014, Movements.org is evolving into a marketplace site. Its stated goal is to be a marketplace where dissidents in closed societies can connect to legal, PR, and technological experts in open societies.

</doc>
<doc id="31058288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058288" title="2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 8">
2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 8

The eighth and final competition weekend of the 2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in Heerenveen, Netherlands, from 4–6 March 2011.
Schedule of events.
The time schedule of the event stands below:

</doc>
<doc id="31058289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058289" title="Leposava Glušica">
Leposava Glušica

Leposava Glušica (born 9 July 1982 in Ruma) is a Serbian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE. She joined the East Hungarian team on a one-year contract in 2010 and became a free agent in the summer of 2011, however, not much later she re-joined the purple-whites on a short term deal. Her current contract runs until 31 December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31058296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058296" title="11/22/63">
11/22/63

11/22/63 is a novel by Stephen King about a time traveler who attempts to prevent the assassination of President John Fitzgerald "Jack" Kennedy, which occurred on November 22, 1963 (the novel's titular date). The novel was announced on King's official site on March 2, 2011. A short excerpt was released online on June 1, 2011, and another excerpt was published in the October 28, 2011 issue of "Entertainment Weekly" The novel was published on November 8, 2011 and quickly became a number-one bestseller. It stayed on the list for an additional seventeen weeks. "11/22/63" won the 2011 Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Best Mystery/Thriller and the 2012 International Thriller Writers Award for Best Novel, and was nominated for the 2012 British Fantasy Award for Best Novel and the 2012 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
The novel required deep research to accurately portray the late 1950s and early 1960s. King commented on the amount of research it required, saying "I've never tried to write anything like this before. It was really strange at first, like breaking in a new pair of shoes."
Background information.
According to King, the idea for the novel first came to him in 1971, before the release of his first novel, "Carrie" (1974). He was going to title it "Split Track". However, he felt a historical novel required more research than he was willing to do at the time and greater literary talent than he possessed. Like his novel, "Under the Dome" (2009), he abandoned the project, returning to the story later in life.
King first talked publicly about the idea in "Marvel Spotlight" issue "The Dark Tower" (January 27, 2007), prior to the beginning of the ongoing comic book adaptation of King's "Dark Tower" series. In a piece in the magazine entitled "An Open Letter From Stephen King", he writes about possible original ideas for comics:
I'd like to tell a time-travel story where this guy finds a diner that connects to 1958... you always go back to the same day. So one day he goes back and just stays. Leaves his 2007 life behind. His goal? To get up to November 22, 1963, and stop Lee Harvey Oswald. He does, and he's convinced he's just FIXED THE WORLD. But when he goes back to '07, the world's a nuclear slag-heap. Not good to fool with Father Time. So then he has to go back again and stop himself... only he's taken on a fatal dose of radiation, so it's a race against time.
Commenting on the book as historical fiction, King said: "This might be a book where we really have a chance to get an audience who's not my ordinary audience. Instead of people who read horror stories, people who read "The Help" or "People of the Book" might like this book".
King and longtime researcher Russ Dorr prepared for the novel by reading many historical documents and newspaper archives from the period, looking at clothing and appliance ads, sports scores, and television listings. The book contains detailed minutiae such as the 1958 price of a pint of root beer (10 cents) or a haircut (40 cents). King and Dorr traveled to Dallas, where they visited Oswald's apartment building (now a private residence), found the home of Gen. Edwin Walker (a target of an assassination attempt by Oswald), and had a private tour of the Sixth Floor Museum in the Texas School Book Depository. King studied various conspiracy theories, ultimately coming to the conclusion that Oswald acted alone. King met with historian Doris Kearns Goodwin, an assistant to Lyndon B. Johnson and the author of books about several presidents, and used some of her ideas of worst-case political scenarios in the absence of Kennedy's assassination.
Publication.
The trade hardcover edition features a dust jacket that is a faux-newspaper front page, with the front of the jacket featuring articles recounting the real historical event of Kennedy's assassination, and the back recounting the Lee Harvey Oswald 11/22/63 assassination as just an aborted assassination "attempt" that Kennedy survives unscathed. The newspaper headlines were written by Stephen King. In addition to the regular trade edition, Scribner produced a signed limited edition of 1,000 copies, 850 of which were made available for sale beginning on November 8, 2011 (ISBN 978-1-4516-6385-3). This edition features a different dust jacket, exclusive chapter-heading photos, and a DVD. Due to a website problem on November 8, most copies remained unsold and a drawing ran from November 10 to 11 to sell the remaining copies.
There was also a limited edition of 700 published in the United Kingdom. It was a slipcased hardcover with deluxe binding, photographic endpapers, and a facsimile signature, and included a DVD.
On July 24, 2012, Gallery Books published a trade paperback edition of the novel (ISBN 978-1451627299), which contains an additional "book club kit", featuring an interview with Stephen King about "11/22/63", a set of discussion questions, as well as a period playlist with King's commentary and recipes.
Plot.
Jacob "Jake" Epping is a divorced high school English teacher living in Lisbon Falls, Maine. The book begins with Jake's recounting an emotional experience from his teaching career, when he assigned his evening GED class to write an essay entitled "The Day That Changed My Life". One of his students, a disabled janitor named Harry Dunning, writes about how his alcoholic father murdered his mother and three siblings with a sledgehammer on Halloween night in 1958, an attack that left Harry permanently brain damaged and crippled. Jake is deeply touched by the essay and gives Harry an A+. When the appreciative Harry later earns his GED, Jake invites him to dinner at a diner he frequents, owned by Al Templeton.
Two years later, in June 2011, Al asks Jake to meet him at the diner. Jake is shocked to see that Al seems to have aged years from when Jake encountered him at the diner the previous day. Al explains that he is dying and that his appearance is attributable to his having lived in the past. Al's method of time travel is a time portal he discovered in his diner's pantry, which he has used to transport himself to 1958. Doubting Al's story at first, Jake travels through the portal, initially encountering an addled wino whom Al has dubbed the "Yellow Card Man". Jake spends an hour in 1958 before returning to the present, after which Al explains that he's figured out the basics of how the portal functions:
Al's ambition had been to prevent Lee Harvey Oswald from assassinating John F. Kennedy, believing that doing so would mitigate the Vietnam War and prevent the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. To complete this mission, Al endeavored to live in the past until 1963, but only made it to 1962 before developing terminal lung cancer due to his lifelong habit of smoking cigarettes. His dying wish is for Jake to carry out the mission on Al's behalf. Jake decides to prevent the attack on Harry's family as a precursor to taking up Al's cause. Before Jake departs, Al provides him with a fake ID to create the alias "George Amberson" as well as a supply of 1950's era cash he's accumulated.
Jake emerges from the portal to find that something is unexpectedly different: the card in the band of the Yellow Card Man's hat has turned orange, and the wino seems to recognize Jake this time. Jake buys a convertible and travels to Derry, Maine, where he observes Harry's father, Frank, in the weeks leading up to the attack. Unfortunately, his plan to prevent the attack is hampered by interference from the "obdurate" past in the form of a man called Bill Turcotte; while Jake's intervention (with Bill's reluctant help) stops Frank from killing the entire family, he is not able to stop him from killing one of Harry's brothers and badly injuring Harry's mother. Injured himself, Jake retreats through the portal back to 2011. Upon calling Harry's now-living sister, Jake learns that while Harry didn't suffer the wounds he received in the original timeline, he was drafted into the military and killed in Vietnam—an unintended consequence of Jake's altering the past.
When Jake goes to rendezvous with Al at the diner the next morning, he discovers that Al has committed suicide by overdosing on painkillers. Jake takes Al's detailed notes on Oswald, plus a list of past sporting event outcomes to make bets with, and returns to 1958, resetting the changes he had made on his previous trip to the past. Reemerging in 1958, he discovers yet another startling change: the Yellow Card Man has also killed himself, and the card in his hat has turned black. Jake returns to Derry, utilizing the knowledge gained during his first trip to the past to more efficiently dispose of Frank Dunning. Jake flees Derry and eventually settles in Florida, where he procures a mail-order degree from an Oklahoma diploma mill and secures a substitute teaching job. After winning a large sum of money on a reckless bet with a local bookie, Jake experiences a strong premonition that his life is in danger and flees Florida scant hours before his rental home is fire-bombed.
Jake drives to Texas to await Oswald's arrival. Rather than live in Dallas, Jake drives south and ends up in Jodie, a pleasant small town located a few hours away. Using his falsified credentials, he again finds a substitute teaching job, and after making a good impression on the school's principal and retiring librarian, Miz Mimi, he is invited to become a full-time English teacher at Denholm Consolidated High School. Fitting well into the community, Jake begins a relationship with the school's new librarian, Sadie Dunhill, who came to Jodie from Georgia to escape from her abusive and psychotic husband, John "Johnny" Clayton. Jake quickly falls in love with Sadie but is torn between his duty to prevent the Kennedy assassination and his desire to abandon the mission to spend the rest of his life with her. 
The relationship is strained when Sadie becomes increasingly suspicious of his secretive behavior and use of anachronistic slang. When Sadie confronts him with these suspicions, Jake refuses to confide in her, and she angrily breaks off the relationship and departs for Reno, Nevada. After the principal also discovers that "George Amberson's" mail-order diploma and references are falsified, Jake reluctantly leaves the life he has cultivated in Jodie. He rents an apartment across the street from Oswald's Fort Worth residence, and monitors the would-be assassin's activities via audio bugs and a parabolic microphone. Several weeks later, Jake reconciles with Sadie after he correctly predicts the outcome of the Cuban Missile Crisis and reveals his identity to her. 
Jake is reluctant to kill Oswald without knowing whether he acted alone in the assassination. He decides to wait until April 10, 1963 when, according to Al's notes, Oswald will make an unsuccessful assassination attempt on Major General Edwin Walker, giving Jake the confirmation he will need. However, while Jake is in Dallas awaiting the attempt on Walker's life, he learns that Sadie's ex-husband Johnny has tracked her down in Jodie and taken her hostage. Jake races to Jodie and manages to save Sadie, but arrives too late to prevent Clayton from mutilating her face with a knife. Johnny commits suicide afterwards. When Sadie is taken to the hospital, Jake offers to bring Sadie back to 2011 with him after he completes his mission, where modern plastic surgery would be able to treat her wound. After some consideration, Sadie agrees.
As Sadie's medical bills begin to strain his financial resources, Jake reluctantly places another high stakes wager on a boxing match, earning a large sum of money. Assuming that the match has been fixed, the suspicious bookie and his henchmen track Jake to his home and severely beat him with a pipe. In the attack, Jake receives a blow to the head that renders him partially amnesiac. Jake suffers from memory loss for three months, unable to recall the details of his mission in the past. While being nursed back to health by Sadie, Jake suddenly remembers that he had hidden Al's notes in a bank safety deposit box. Rereading the notes helps him regain his memory just in time for Kennedy's visit to Dallas—but with his physical debilitation Jake doubts that he will be able to stop Oswald. When Sadie offers to help, Jake initially refuses, fearing that the "obdurate" past will jeopardize her safety. However, Jake changes his mind after Sadie convinces him that he will fail without her assistance.
On the morning of the assassination attempt, Jake and Sadie race toward Dallas, where the "obdurate" past throws numerous deadly obstacles in their way. They manage to reach the Texas School Book Depository moments before Kennedy's motorcade drives past. Jake successfully distracts Oswald from shooting the President, but Oswald instead fatally wounds Sadie. The noise from their confrontation draws the attention of the Secret Service and police, who shoot through the window and kill Oswald. Sadie dies in Jake's arms. After Jake is personally thanked by President Kennedy and his wife, the FBI suggests that Jake "disappear" to avoid attention. Agonized over Sadie's death, Jake decides to return to 2011 to reset the timeline and undo Sadie's untimely death. Before he leaves Dallas, Jake hears a news report about a massive earthquake in California and suspects this event might be related to his changing history.
After traveling back to Lisbon Falls, Jake finds that the Yellow Card Man has been replaced by a younger man whose card is green. The Green Card Man reveals that he is part of a group that monitors time anomalies and further explains that other portals exist in the universe, and that these portals are temporary "bubbles" that will eventually disappear as the physical environment in which they reside changes. He cautions that traveling back to 2011 does not "reset" the timeline, as Al believed, but instead creates alternate timelines. The more divergent timelines that are spawned and the greater the magnitude of the changes made to the original timeline, the more unstable reality becomes. The Green Card Man advises Jake to return to the future to see the damage his changes to the past have wrought.
When Jake returns to June 2011, he discovers that the United States has been ravaged by nuclear apocalypse and frequent natural disasters. Stumbling through Lisbon Falls, he comes across a wheelchair-bound Harry Dunning and saves him from being attacked by a teen gang. Harry outlines the history of the world after November 22, 1963. Kennedy was re-elected, but the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was never passed because of the declining American support for Kennedy. King was assassinated anyway, and controversial Alabama governor George Wallace became president in 1968 and escalated Vietnam into a nuclear war that precipitated other atomic conflicts around the globe. The state of Maine seceded from the U.S. and is now a Canadian province. Massive earthquakes have sunk several Japanese islands, and scientists predict that the earthquakes will escalate in intensity until they eventually tear the world apart circa 2080.
Jake undoes these events by traveling back to September 1958. He again encounters the Green Card Man, who urges him to return to June 2011 without altering and allow the portal to close permanently. After much consternation, Jake reluctantly returns to 2011 and the time portal dissipates for good. Less than a year later, Jake searches old newspaper archives to learn what became of Sadie and is overjoyed to discover that she survived Johnny's attack and went on to lead an extraordinary life of civic accomplishment. Jake also comes across a present day news article indicating that Sadie will be honored as Jodie's "Citizen of the Century" at the town's upcoming July 4 celebration.
Jake travels to Jodie for the festival and encounters Sadie, now an elderly woman. When he approaches her and introduces himself as "George Amberson", he notices that even though they have never met in this reality, the elderly Sadie experiences a glimmer of déjà vu—a testimony to how strong their love had been in the alternate timeline. The novel concludes as Jake and Sadie share a final dance to Glenn Miller's "In the Mood", the couple's favorite song from the divergent timeline wherein they met and fell in love in the 1960s.
Original ending.
Stephen King published an alternative ending on his official website on January 24, 2012, in which Jake finds a November 2013 news article where Sadie has turned 80. She had married a man named Trevor Anderson, with whom she has five children, eleven grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren. This ending was changed to the published version at the suggestion of King's son, writer Joe Hill.
Critical reception.
The reviews for "11/22/63" have been generally positive, with "The New York Times" selecting the novel as one of its top five fiction books of the year and the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" calling "11/22/63" King's "best novel in more than a decade". The review aggregate site Metacritic judged 30 out of 36 reviews as positive, with four mixed and two negative. NPR book critic Alan Cheuse found no fault with the structure, commenting: "I wouldn't have change a single page." "USA Today" gave the novel four out of four stars, noting the novel retains the suspenseful tension of King's earlier works but is not of the same genre. "[The novel is not typical Stephen King." Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" also commented on the genre change and pacing but felt the writer has built the narrative tightly enough for the reader to suspend disbelief. "The pages of '11/22/63' fly by, filled with immediacy, pathos and suspense. It takes great brazenness to go anywhere near this subject matter. But it takes great skill to make this story even remotely credible. Mr. King makes it all look easy, which is surely his book’s fanciest trick." The review in the "Houston Chronicle" called the novel "one of King’s best books in a long time" but "overlong", noting: "As is usually the case with King’s longer books, there’s a lot of self-indulgent fat in 11/22/63 that could have been trimmed." The review in the "Bangor Daily News" commented that the novel " another winner", but provided no critical review of the plot construction. Lev Grossman, in reviewing the novel for "Time", called the novel "the work of a master craftsman" but commented that "the wires go slack from time to time" and the book wanders from genre to genre, particularly in the middle. More pointedly, "Los Angeles Times" book critic David Ulin called the novel "a misguided effort in story and writing"; Ulin's primary criticism is the conceit of the story, which requires the reader to follow two plotlines simultaneously - historical fiction built upon the Kennedy assassination as well as the tale of a time traveling English teacher - which adds a page load to the novel that Ulin finds excessive.
Film adaptation.
On August 12, 2011, before the novel's release, it was announced that Jonathan Demme had attached himself to write, produce, and direct a film adaptation of "11/22/63" with King serving as executive producer. However, on December 6, 2012, Demme announced that he withdrew from the project, after disputes with King over what to include in the script. On April 26, 2013, it was reported that Warner Bros. Television and J. J. Abrams' Bad Robot Productions were in negotiations for the rights to adapt the novel as a TV series or miniseries.

</doc>
<doc id="31058304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058304" title="Olívia Kamper">
Olívia Kamper

Olívia Kamper (born 7 June 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Váci NKSE as a playmaker. She was previously member of the Hungarian youth and junior national team and achieved her best result in 2003 on the Junior World Championship by winning the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31058308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058308" title="Szonja Gávai">
Szonja Gávai

Szonja Gávai (born 19 August 1993 in Budapest) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a playmaker.

</doc>
<doc id="31058311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058311" title="Kitti Kudor">
Kitti Kudor

Kitti Kudor (born 22 January 1988 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Debreceni VSC in middle back position.

</doc>
<doc id="31058316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058316" title="Emese Mózes-Rácz">
Emese Mózes-Rácz

Emese Mózes-Rácz (born 16 March 1983 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a playmaker.

</doc>
<doc id="31058324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058324" title="Andrea Gerzsényi">
Andrea Gerzsényi

Andrea Gerzsényi (born 23 May 1991 in Gyula) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE in left back position.

</doc>
<doc id="31058326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058326" title="Sára Tóth">
Sára Tóth

Sára Tóth (born 18 November 1993 in Békéscsaba) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE in left back position.

</doc>
<doc id="31058333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058333" title="Vishweshwar Bhat">
Vishweshwar Bhat

Vishweshwar Bhat is the editor of Kannada Prabha newspapers and the television channel Suvarna News. Previously he was the editor of "Vijaya Karnataka".
Hails from Murur, North Canara district of Karnataka, is a postgraduate in Geology and a goldmedalist(4) in MA journalism.
Had a brief stint as Assistant professor at Asian School of Journalism and also officer on special duty to Ananth Kumar, Minister of Tourism and culture in Vajpayee government.
In early 2011, Bhat became the editor-in-chief of the newspaper Kannada Prabha, where he had previously served for four years as sub-editor. Bhat had resigned from VK at the end of 2010, stating he intended to pursue higher studies, and had started a blog.
In August 2012 Bhat was allegedly one of the journalists who was being targeted by terror suspects for harbouring anti-Islamic sentiments.

</doc>
<doc id="31058338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058338" title="1966 Nashville 400">
1966 Nashville 400

The 1966 Nashville 400 was a NASCAR Grand National Series racing event that took place on July 30, 1966, at Nashville Speedway in Nashville, Tennessee, USA.
Summary.
It took two hours and forty-seven minutes to complete 400 laps on a paved track spanning . Richard Petty would defeat Buck Baker by five laps while leading all 400 laps. 15,161 spectators watched this race with four cautions being handed out by NASCAR for 41 laps. Petty qualified for the pole position at a speed of and also averaged during the actual race. The other top ten finishers were: Bobby Allison, Henley Gray, John Sears, Neil Castles, Clyde Lynn, Coo Coo Marlin, Wendell Scott and James Hylton. The racing grid was made up of 27 Americans and one Canadian (Don Biederman who finished the race in 19th place). Darel Dieringer received the last place finish for crashing his car at the beginning of the race.
Marty Robbins participated in this race and was announced as "Columbia Records' recording star". He finished 25th due to an oil leak problem on lap 48. This race was the Robbins' NASCAR Cup Series debut.

</doc>
<doc id="31058343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058343" title="Campbell village">
Campbell village

Campbell Village is a small village in Dominica. It is located in the parish of Saint. Paul, near Mahaut Village and is notable for its hidden waterfalls.

</doc>
<doc id="31058364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058364" title="2011 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2011 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2011 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship will be held in the Wolstein Center, at Cleveland, Ohio on April 15–17, 2011. Twelve teams from the six regional meets advanced to the NCAA Division I national team and individual titles. The Alabama Crimson Tide were the 2011 national champions.
Regional Championships were held on April 2, 2011 at the following six sites:
NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship:
Champions.
Final Team Standings:

</doc>
<doc id="31058366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058366" title="Leona Baumgartner">
Leona Baumgartner

Leona Baumgartner (August 18, 1902 – January 15, 1991) was an American physician. She was the first woman to serve as Commissioner of New York City’s Department of Health (1954–1962). She was a strong advocate of health education and a pioneer in promoting health services among New York’s immigrant and poverty-stricken population.
Leona Baumgartner was born in 1902 to Olga and William Baumgartner. She earned her B.A in Bacteriology and M.A in Immunology at the University of Kansas where her father was a professor of zoology. She was a member of the Kansas Alpha chapter of Pi Beta Phi. Moving onto Yale University, Baumgartner received her Ph.D. in Public Health in 1934 and received her M.D. the same year. 
From 1934–1936, she interned in Pediatrics at New York City Hospital. It was during this time, in depression-era New York, that Baumgartner began making home visits in the city’s poorest areas. In 1937, She joined New York’s Department of Health as a medical instructor in Child and School Hygiene. In 1939, Baumgartner was promoted to district health officer, where she managed a number of health services including school health programs, parenting classes and clinics on venereal disease. 
In 1954, Baumgartner was appointed Commissioner of Health of New York City. In addition to revising the city’s health code, she also implemented routine inspections of the city’s many restaurant kitchens, slaughterhouses and day-care facilities. She was instrumental in garnering funding for public health research and a premature childcare facility. Following in the work of Sara Josephine Baker, Baumgartner sought to increase public knowledge of health issues through a series of radio and television broadcasts.
Maternal and child health remained a constant concern throughout her career and informed her decision to promote family planning practices and birth control. In 1962, she was appointed by President John F. Kennedy to head the Office of Technical Cooperation and Research at the United States Agency for International Development. Under the Johnson administration she fought to 
overturn policies that prevented the inclusion of birth control in the agency’s health programs. She is credited with convincing President Lyndon B. Johnson to reverse policy on funding for international programs that provided birth control.
In 1965, Baumgartner accepted a position as a visiting professor at Harvard Medical School. She remained at this post until her retirement in 1972. During the same years, she also served as Executive Director of the Medical Care and Education Foundation. 
Throughout her career, Baumgartner was dedicated to health education as the cornerstone to the creation of a healthy community, beginning with her work as district health officer in planning classes and clinics. Baumgartner was also an early advocate of the vaccine developed by Jonas Salk as a method of immunization against polio and the fluoridation of water as a bulwark against dental disease. 
Baumgartner was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1969. She was awarded the Public Welfare Medal from the National Academy of Sciences in 1977. Her other awards include the Sedgwick Medal, the Albert Lasker Public Service Award, the Elizabeth Blackwell Award, and the Samuel J. Crumbine Award. In 1942, Baumgartner married Nathaniel Elias, a chemical engineer. The marriage lasted until Elias’ death in 1964; in 1970, Baumgartner married Dr. Alexander Langmuir who survived her death in 1991 from polycythemia by two years.

</doc>
<doc id="31058371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058371" title="MagCloud">
MagCloud

MagCloud is a web service from Hewlett-Packard that allows users to self-publish and distribute content—for business or personal use—as a professional-quality print publication or digitally for mobile and online viewing. Magazines are printed in full color via HP's indigo printers on high quality paper in a variety of sizes and formats at a cost of US $0.16 or $0.20 per page. Authors set the cost for the publication and receive profits from the MagCloud service periodically. MagCloud offers users a variety of publishing and distributions services including automated ordering, print management, worldwide shipping, direct mail services, digital distribution and an online storefront all free of charge. In addition introduction to the market by new, small publications, the service is used by existing magazines and publications with a more traditional distribution method to make back issues available for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="31058372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058372" title="Star Turn on 45 (Pints)">
Star Turn on 45 (Pints)

Star Turn on 45 (Pints) is an English novelty song musical ensemble, originally with Steve O'Donnell, Colin Jennings and J. Vincent Edwards. They recorded a number of singles between 1981 and the mid-1990s, two of which appeared in the UK Singles Chart, and released two albums.
Career.
Influenced in name by Stars on 45, their debut single was "Are You Affiliated?" (1981), followed by "Starturn on 45 (Pints)" in October that year. Both were released by V Tone Records. Based in and around the fictional Whitley Bay social club, the 'club singer' approach sampled and mangled various pop standards, with Geordie vocal over dubs.
In 1984, their album, "Are You Affiliated?" was released on the Turn Trax record label. It contained parodies of songs such as "Send in the Clowns", "House of the Rising Sun", "Mary's Boy Child" and "White Christmas". 
Their biggest commercial success occurred in 1988, when "Pump Up the Bitter", climbed to no. 12 in the UK Singles Chart. It parodied "Pump Up the Volume", which had been a no. 1 hit single in the UK the previous year. The success of "Pump Up the Bitter" gave Star Turn on 45 (Pints) an appearance on BBC Television's "Top of the Pops". Various subsequent releases were not big sellers.
Steve O'Donnell died on 4 August 1997.
The group went on to cover (amongst other songs) Franz Ferdinand's 2004 hit, "Take Me Out". In addition they released a medley to coincide with the Royal Wedding in 2011, downloadable with all their back catalogue from iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="31058393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058393" title="Shaws of Darwen">
Shaws of Darwen

Shaws of Darwen is the common trading name of a manufacturer of fire clay sinks and general terracotta products. Founded by Arthur Gerard Shaw in 1897, he began manufacturing the rich clay deposits found at his father’s coal mines in Lancashire, UK 
The company flourished until the outbreak of World War II in 1914. In order to survive through the war, acid ware and ceramic conductors were manufactured for the government. During this time, Arthur Gerald patented the system of burning clayware by gas.
In 1919, the Shaws Gas Kiln Company formed, making and installing kilns in Great Britain, Europe and America.
Apart from creating the standard belfast sink Shaws also are involved in architectural terracotta - having created the Hackney Empire sign and working on the exterior terracotta structure of buildings such as harrods in the UK and The Wrigley Building in Chicago USA.

</doc>
<doc id="31058401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058401" title="Sturgeon River (Black Bay Peninsula)">
Sturgeon River (Black Bay Peninsula)

The Sturgeon River is a short river in Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada. It is located on the Black Bay Peninsula about south of the community of Hurkett and flows to Sturgeon Bay on Lake Superior.
The similarly named Black Sturgeon River in the area flows to Black Bay, a bay separated from Lake Superior by the Black Bay Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="31058433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058433" title="David Atrakchi">
David Atrakchi

David Atrakchi (born December 10, 1977) is an actor best known for his role of Malcolm Manville in "Transporter 3". He played Lanyon in the 2011 thriller "Faces in the Crowd".
Biography.
Born in Former Yugoslavia, David Atrakchi spent his childhood in Opatija, and Baghdad, Iraq. Now based between Paris and New York, he studied theater, dramatic arts and film at New York University with esteemed acting coach Jack Waltzer, a member of the Actors Studio. In 2005 he became one of the founding partners of the French film production company and artists collaborative "FullDawa Films". He has directed & produced several short films as well as a documentary for UNESCO titled "A World for Inclusion" featuring Philip Seymour Hoffman. 
With his company FullDawa Films, he has recently handled the production services and coproduced the feature film, "My Old Lady", by Israël Horovitz alongside American production company Deux Chevaux Inc. in New York, L.A based Krasnoff/Foster Entertainment, BBC Films & COHEN Media starring Kevin Kline, Maggie Smith and Kristin Scott Thomas.
Movie career.
David's first lead role was in the independent movie "Broken Idyll" by Victoria Raiser. In 2008, he appeared as "Malcolm Manville" alongside Jason Statham and François Berléand in Transporter 3 by Olivier Megaton, produced and written by Luc Besson. Later David appeared in a series of 5 short films for Tag Heuer -Meridiist by director Pierre Morel.
In 2010, he shoot for Fred Vargas book adaptation "Un Lieu Incertain" by Josée Dayan, starring alongside Jean-Hugues Anglade, Charlotte Rampling and Pascal Greggory. The same year David filmed Faces in the Crowd in Canada. Directed by Julien Magnat, it stars Milla Jovovich, Julian McMahon, Sarah Wayne Callies, Michael Shanks and Marianne Faithfull.
In Spring 2011, he shot for "Blind Watching" in Portugal by Andrzej Jakimowski with Alexandra Maria Lara and Edward Hogg and two episodes for Canal+ in Pragues as "Yves d'Allègre" in Borgia written by Tom Fontana with John Doman. David shot in November 2011 "Au Nom D'Athènes" a 2X52' for the network Arte as Xerxes with Persian dialogue.
The same year he is shooting for HBO in Toronto throughout May 2012, directed by Bruce McDonald (film director) with Chris Vance (actor) and Delphine Chanéac.
In 2013, David stars and produces Camille Delamarre (Brick Mansions) directorial debut film "Last Call" collecting over 20 nominations worldwide such as Montréal World Film Festival, Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films, Festival européen du film court de Brest. He also receives several acting nominations and one acting award at the Festival du film de Vendôme for "Pour la France" directed by Shanti Masud.
He is also the leading actor of the official video directed by Antony Hoffman (Red Planet (film)) for the Lamborghini Huracán LP 610-4, aired for the first time the 4th March 2014, during the Geneva Motor Show.
David is now shooting the movie "House of Time" directed by Jonathan Helpert with Pierre Deladonchamps, Julie Judd, Esther Comar, Julia Piaton, Bengamin Wamgermee and Maxime Dambrin

</doc>
<doc id="31058448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058448" title="Color's Notes">
Color's Notes

"Color's Notes" is an independent music documentary film about a music festival called "Mestival" which took place in Elx (Spain) from 17 May to 6 June 2005. Filmed at the 10th Mestival Anniversary for six days, some of musicians from the different places of the World came to Spain to take place in a Cross Culture Music Festival, like Eliades Ochoa (Cuba), Raimundo Amador (Spain), Ken Hensley (Great Britain), Sazed ul Alam (Bangladesh), among others.
The documentary film only uses footage shot during the events, and music recorded there, and includes interviews with the musicians, talking about different concepts like: Peace, Music and Cross Culture. It also includes Fatma el Medhi's participation (Sahara women's) and a Benefit Concert to the Nelson Mandela Children's Fund.
The film was produced by Filmmaker Xavi Tello (Musician, and independent Producer) and Juanpe Gimeno (also Musician, and sound ingineer), and was shot with small minidv (3ccds) cameras, by fourteen kinocs from Alicante, Elx, and Murcia who were joined in less than two days.
The Festival.
Mestival, or the International Festival of Music and Ethnic Culture and Miscegenation, is a festival that is realized from 1996 between the months of between May and June in the city of Elche (Spain). This festival represents a forum for the approximation and the cultural exchange between the peoples of the world. It is characterized by spectacles of music, dance, cinema, theatre and workshops on gastronomy. The festival has as aim principal promote the peace and the brotherhood, and takes place in the natural environment of the Palm grove of Elche, declared from 2000 Heritage of the Humanity for the UNESCO.
Performers.
"19th May. Great Theatre"
Eliades Ochoa and the Patria Quartet (Cuba)
"28th May. Elx Streets"
Muluk the Hwa (Marrakech)
"29 May. Great Theatre"
Francisco Contreras "The child of Elx" (Spain)
"1st June. Great Theatre"
Sarabanda (Spain, Uruguay, Brazil, Cuba)
"3rd June. Municipal Park"
Luétiga (Cantabria)
La Negra (Spain)
Aztex (Mexico / USA)
"4 June. Municipal Park
Benefit concert Nelson Send Child's Fund "
Fetium Kora (Senegal)
Ken Hensley (Great Britain)
Raimundo Amador (Spain)
Shiv Shankar (India)
Sazed Ul Alam (Bangladesh)
Film production.
In May 2005, the first events of the 10th Music Anniversary of the Mestival, began to be known in walls and press, and Xavi Tello made a propousal to Sazed Ul Alam (Master sitar, and Nelson Mandela concert organizador) to film and record the concerts of the benefit Concert with new digital cameras (minidv 3cdds) that began to be accessible to the young filmmakers.
Two days befote, the beginning of the Mestival, in a small meeting in a bar, the Mestival crew offers the possibility to film all the acts, conferences, concerts, and interviews that it World take place during these days. There wasn't any Money to do it, but there was cameras and sound equipment
Inspired by the father of the Documentary Dziga Vertov, and his texts about the Kino-Eye, Xavi Tello called some young Filmmakers and friends of the zone, and joined team up to fourteen people with their own digital cameras, and like Vertov’s Kinocs, came out to film the Festival. With only 400 € paid in videotapes, fuel, and some food&te, 72 hours of video footage were filmed and 12 hours of live music were recorded from the mix table. It began a long process of catalogation of all tapes, listen the concerts, and transcript the interviews made by Producciones Ociosas. In August 2005, the first videoclip of a Song were edited to the band ‘La Negra’.
In 2006 there was released by a small edition of a music album with the concert of Sazed Ul Alam, Shiv Shankar and Raimundo Amador. (It was produced by Master&Padawan).
With any money and only time and a PC edit station, the edition process continued, selecting and editing one full song of each band. Involved in successive productions, shorts movies, and shootings during the next four years, while was working as a Filmmaker and Editor of War Documentaries, Xavi Tello got time to continue the show edition of the film. Three extra editors were hended to end all songs.
In the Autumn of 2009, all concerts were edited, and began to join interviews and music to do the first Script. The film began to take sense. Finally in the beginning of the 2010 the first version was ended, and it began the post-production work and next the audio edition, mixes and masterization.
The film was filmed by Producciones Ociosas and Zenital Films and produced by Producciones Ociosas and Ninguna Parte Estudios, placed in Alicante, Spain. It's the first Spanish film produced, distributed and exhibited in digital.
Exhibition.
December 2012. Online Festival. Humanity Explored. India
September 2012. Lucerne International Film Festival . Award of Merit
16 to 23 March 2012. VII Encuentro Hispanoamericano de Cine y Video Documental Independiente
Voces contra el Silencio. México.
28 July 2011. FESTIVAL 1000 Metros Bajo Tiera PIA. Alicante. Spain
June 2011. 39th FESTIVAL OF NATIONS 2011. Ebensee, Austria. Metion of the Jury
23 April 2011. 1º Temuco International Documentary Film Fest. 
South America Premiere. Chile.
16 February 2011. Local Premiere. Club Información. Alicante.Spain.
Since 7 February 2011. Atlantida Film Fest (Official Section)
1–6 February 2011. Docs Barcelona International Documentary Film Festival.
World diffusion.
In 2011, February 25, a digital copy sent to a festival, appeared in the web, and quickly it was extended world wide.

</doc>
<doc id="31058449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058449" title="Jade's P.A">
Jade's P.A

"Jade's P.A" was a British Living reality television series following the late Jade Goody teaming up with celebrity PA Heather Howard and recruitment psychologist Dr Rob Yeung to put 10 wannabe PAs through a series of gruelling tasks. Following her death on 22 March 2009 Sky Living re ran the series.
Episode 1.
Reality series in which hopefuls compete to become Jade Goody's assistant. The wannabes undergo an audition with some testing tasks and endure a severe grilling.
Episode 2.
The 10 finalists visit Jade's house, where they are tested on skills vital to any personal assistant - negotiation techniques and cocktail-making.
Episode 3.
Fashion expert Carly Brook teaches the hopefuls the basics of putting an outfit together, and challenges them to create a look for one of Jade's photo shoots.
Episode 4.
Organisation expert Catherine Nicholson analyses the contestants through psychometric tests and the contents of their handbags.
Episode 5.
Jade hires an undercover journalist and secretly films the hopefuls in interviews to test their discretion.
Episode 6.
The hopefuls go back to school to learn the necessary skills to enable them to brief Jade prior to interviews.
Episode 7.
The remaining three hopefuls are given their toughest assignments yet, as the prize of becoming Jade's PA draws closer.
Episode 8.
The two remaining hopefuls are pushed to their limit in the final task, which involves planning a huge charity bash with no budget.
Episode 9.
The final two are pushed to their limit when they are challenged to organise a charity event with no budget, and some old faces return to give their opinion on who should win.
Episode 10.
A special edition which follows the winner home as they prepare for the biggest role of their career - personal assistant to reality TV star Jade Goody. Last in series.

</doc>
<doc id="31058453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058453" title="International Business School, Budapest">
International Business School, Budapest

International Business School () is an accredited private college in Budapest, Hungary. It was founded in 1991 by Prof. István Tamás, a Hungarian businessman.
International Business School – Budapest (International University since 2010) is a vibrant modern business school in the middle of Europe that attracts students from around 80 countries of the world. More than 300 international students from all around the world choose to study at IBS every year. International Business School Budapest (Hungary) offers degree programmes in partnership with The University of Buckingham (UK) in Budapest and Vienna campuses. It was accredited in Hungary, UK, EU and USA. The graduates of this university receive diploma of The University of Buckingham, ranked #16 by Guardian.
Campuses.
Budapest.
Residence Hall offers accommodation in en-suite rooms to international as well as local students and visiting professors. Only 20 minutes from the city center, the fully refurbished rooms overlooking the garden offer guests peace and quiet. Rooms can be occupied by one person or shared with another student. Each room has its own bathroom, and there are communal kitchens and laundry rooms at the disposal of our students on each floor.
Several sports possibilities for both students and teachers are available on the campus of the School.
From 2014-2015 education year IBS will be transferred to a newly built Campus located close to Obuda. This campus is said to have a business environment which will be helpful for students to involve in business related activities.
Vienna.
The next stage in internationalization will be the opening of our new in Vienna, Austria in 2013. Through this new location university will reach new target groups, and new partners, academic institutions and corporates. The new campus will also be instrumental in facilitating inhouse international mobility for students. IBS plans to offer the following Master's programmes in Vienna starting AY 2013/2014:
Surrounded by the Viennese Forest, the Campus is located in one of the greenest districts of Vienna, Penzing (district 14). The campus is a newly renovated, modern facility that offers spacious classrooms, study rooms, a computer lab and a library.
Programs.
Non-degree programs.
Pre-Med

</doc>
<doc id="31058472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058472" title="Adaptive memory">
Adaptive memory

Adaptive memory is the study of memory systems that have evolved to help retain survival- and fitness-related information. One key element of adaptive memory research is the notion that memory evolved to help survival by better retaining information that is fitness-relevant. One of the foundations of this method of studying memory is the relatively little adaptive value of a memory system that evolved merely to remember past events. Memory systems, it is argued, must use the past in some service of the present or the planning of the future. Another assumption under this model is that the evolved memory mechanisms are likely to be domain-specific, or sensitive to certain types of information. Additionally, it is argued that mechanisms for memory should be geared toward helping an organism enhance its reproductive fitness and chances of surviving.
History of adaptive memory research.
A recent development in the field of evolutionary psychology, adaptive memory was first proposed in 2007 by James S. Nairne, Sarah R. Thompson, and Josefa N.S. Pandeirada. Evolutionary psychologists often state that humans possess a "stone-age" brain. Therefore, optimal cognitive performance may be found in problems faced by our ancestors, or related to the environments in which our evolutionary ancestors lived. Based on this finding, Nairne and his colleagues proposed that human memory systems are 'tuned' to information relevant to survival.
The first study on the subject of adaptive memory was published in 2007 and its methodology has been replicated many times since. Participants were told to imagine themselves in one of three randomly assigned scenarios. In the "Survival" condition, they imagine being stranded in a grassland area of a foreign land, and need to find a steady supply of food and water, and protect themselves from predators. The second condition was the "Moving" condition. Participants were instructed to imagine themselves moving to a foreign land, needing to locate a new home and transporting their possessions. Finally, the "Pleasantness" condition asked participants to simply rate the pleasantness of a list of words. In the "Survival" and "Moving" conditions, participants were asked to rate the relevance of each word on a list to their imagined situation. Participants were then subject to a surprise recall test. Nairne et al. found what they called the survival advantage.
The survival advantage means that information that is more salient, or relevant, to survival in an ancestral environment has a higher rate of retention than control conditions. This became clear following free recall experiments conducted by Nairne and colleagues. Processing information relevant to survival leads to more information being remembered than most known encoding techniques. One explanation for the survival advantage's improved retention is that this kind of processing taps into a sort of memory 'module' specialized for remembering and processing information that is important for survival. Another proposed explanation is that it leads to more arousal and emotional processing. Because many survival situations are emotionally arousing, retention is enhanced.
Studying survival-based processing.
Methodology.
An important first step toward a functional analysis of survival processing is thinking about the kinds of problems memory would have evolved to solve. Figuring out selection pressures can be difficult. "Post-hoc" accounts, also known as just-so stories, are an important problem to avoid. Nairne et al.'s work stressed the importance of "a priori" predictions, and designing empirical tests. A very important element of studying adaptive memory to consider, like other scientific research, is its basis on empirical evidence and study methodology.
The methodology for testing adaptive memory and the survival advantage in human participants has thus far mostly consisted of ranking lists of words by their relevance to a survival setting (and along control dimensions as well), followed by a recall session. The basic research methodology involves having participants rate a series of words by their fitness relevance. In the control condition, the words were rated for their relevance to moving for a foreign land, and their pleasantness. A surprise recall test is administered, and recall of the listed words in all three conditions is recorded and analyzed.
Findings.
General findings.
One major finding is that survival processing has been shown to yield better retention than imagery, self-reference and pleasantness, which are all considered to be among the best conditions for remembering learned information. Otgaar, Smeets and van Bergen hypothesized that since visual processing developed earlier than language, there ought to be a survival advantage for images as well as words, and they found such an advantage. Grasslands survival scenarios showed higher retention than near-identical scenarios in which the word 'grasslands' was replaced with 'city' and the word 'predators' replaced with 'attackers'. It is suspected that this result is due to the human mind being scenarios relevant to our species' ancestral past, even though threats present in a modern urban society are far more relevant today. There was a greater memory recall in both the ancestral and modern survival conditions when compared to pleasantness control conditions, but only the ancestral condition presented significantly greater word recall. Both conditions are fitness-relevant, but there was no memory enhancement for survival processing in the modern context. Additionally, as females typically performed gathering tasks over the span of human evolution, and males performed hunting tasks, research into this gender dichotomy was conducted. No significant data were found. The implications of this research lie in helping to understand how the mind evolved and how it works. The idea that we are able to retain information most relevant to our own survival provides a foundation of research for empirical studying of memory through an evolutionary lens. Understanding the circumstances when memory is at its best can help study the functions of memory as a whole, and help understand what memory is capable of.
True and false memory.
The survival processing advantage has been shown to increase both true and false memory in adults and children. True memory refers to the correct retention of information. False memory means remembering something that was never present. A false memory is not necessarily maladaptive. Misremembering can have advantages in certain situations (for example, misremembering an environment with predator tracks as the actual presence of a predator may lead to avoidance of that area in the future). False memory can be seen as a side-effect to an otherwise highly adaptive process.
Planning future acts.
One of the most important functions of memory is the ability to use learned information to make predictions in future planning. Adaptive memory states that memory was created and developed by the process of natural selection, so many components of memory systems were important for long-term planning, the importance of which is central to ensuring survival and the passing of genes.
Gathering-related navigation.
There exists evidence that the human memory system has evolved to be equipped with a gathering-related navigation system, helping remember the location of gatherable food sources in spatial memory. This was suggested in a recent study that tested spatial memory for various food items, with additional predictions later extended and validated. In the first study, both males and females were shown to have better spatial memory for more caloric foods at a farmer's market than foods with a lower calorie content. It has been suggested that calorie-dense foods are an important resource to be able to gather in an ancestral environment, and the inability to locate this kind of food would put an organism at a disadvantage.
Neurobiological basis of adaptive memory.
Although there has not been any research done on the direct neurological processes that go on during an adaptive memory consolidation, there is a growing body of evidence that the neurotransmitter dopamine modulates the hippocampus, a cortical structure (brain structure) crucial to memory. The release of dopamine has been known to be associated with events of a motivationally important nature, and has a role in the creation of episodic memories and the consolidation thereof. Episodic memories are crucial in the development and implementation of adaptive future behaviours, for which adaptive memory is a very central construct. Functional imaging research conducted during an adaptive memory experiment might be able to provide some insight into the exact brain activity responsible for the phenomenon.
Proximate mechanisms responsible for survival processing.
It has been suggested that the recall advantage for survival processing can be attributed to the use of both item-specific processing (the encoding of individual characteristics of items) and relational processing (encoding the relationships between items). It was found that the survival advantage was present when words were encoded using only item-specific or only relational processing, but was eliminated in cases where both methods of encoding were encouraged. Employing both item-specific and relational processing simultaneously makes survival processing unique; the only other phenomenon that also activates both item-specific and relational is self-referential processing. Self-referential processing is one of the proposed explanations explaining the survival recall advantage. Evidence suggests that it is possible that the survival task might generate self-referential processing, which may be responsible for the reported recall improvements, since considering one's own survival is very self-relevant.
Evolutionary adaptations of memory in non-human species.
Adaptive memory behaviours have been observed in animal species, as well as humans. Dr. John Garcia discovered that taste aversion conditioning in rats results in a lasting association between sickness and an ingested substance, and that aversion can be established after only one trial. This rapid learning led others to the idea that rats have biological dispositions for learning to associate sickness with a taste memory as a result of its evolutionary history. The results of a study that compared rats and quail in the acquisition of taste aversion suggested that rats rely on their memory of taste to avoid nausea while quail relied on their visual memory. Since the rat is a nocturnal feeder and has poor vision, it was suggested that they rely on taste cues to learn to avoid toxic substances, leading to a highly developed chemical sense system.
In a study of black-capped chickadees ("Poecile atricapilla") from Alaska and Colorado, those birds from Alaska cached more food, remembered the hiding places more quickly and readily, and had significantly larger hippocampal volumes than black-capped chickadees from Colorado. This supports what is known as the adaptive specialization hypothesis. The adaptive specialization hypothesis states that animals that hide food should have bigger hippocampi than animals that do not hide food. Additionally, those animals that hide food performed better than non-hiding animals on spatial memory tests. This finding suggests that since the climate tends to be harsh in Alaska, there may be an increased need to remember where food is hidden, to help them survive through the winter.
Under the pressure of natural selection, sex differences in spatial memory skills can develop under distinct mating systems. Comparing different vole species that are either polygamous or monogamous, researchers found that sex differences in spatial skills are only found in the polygamous mating meadow vole. Further examination found that unlike monogamous pine voles (who travel together on a permanent basis with their partners), polygamous males have increased mobility (compared to the females) in order to reap reproductive benefits. Male meadow voles with good spatial skills are more likely to be able to survive and reproduce. It is suggested that such evolutionary pressure led to greater spatial skills in comparison to female meadow voles and monogamous male pine voles. This suggestion is based on better performance by male meadow voles on route and place learning tasks in laboratory tests. Polygamous voles have a significantly larger relative hippocampus than females of the same species, and no such difference was found between the pine vole sexes. These findings suggest that when better spatial memory is more evolutionarily adaptive, as in polygamous species, these organisms may develop a larger hippocampus, to allow greater spatial memory.
Alternative viewpoints/explanations.
Congruity effect.
In contrast to Nairne's findings of a survival advantage, it has been found that the superiority of survival processing can be explained by a congruity effect. The congruity effect means that people tend to be better at remembering items if they are congruent with the way they are processed. Congruence between the processing task and target words leads to deeper and more elaborate encoding, which is thought to explain the survival advantage. Butler and colleagues conducted three experiments to test this view; the first replicated Nairne's work and confirmed a survival recall advantage. The second and third experiments controlled for the congruity effect, which was thought to be an underlying explanation for such a memory advantage. A survival scenario along with a robbery scenario were used to rate words instead of the original survival, moving or pleasantness categories. Butler found that, when the materials are controlled for with respect to congruence between type of processing (survival vs robbery scenario) and nature of materials (word lists), survival processing does not always produce superior recall; survival processing did not produce a recall advantage within the congruent conditions where congruity was controlled for.
False memory illusions and net accuracy.
It has been proposed that survival processing and recall of survival-relevant materials increases both true and false memory recall. Howe and Derbish suggested that if human memory does benefit from survival processing, this benefit must include both an increase in true recollection of information actually present and also a reduced susceptibility to false memory illusions. Further, Howe and Derbish state, if survival information is more distinctive and processed at an item-specific contextual level, false memory rates should be low. To test this, Nairne's survival/pleasantness experiment was modified to manipulate the type of processing along with the information being processed (eliminated the possibility of recollection of survival-related material due to arousal or emotionality; neutral, negative or survival related). It was concluded that participants in the survival condition had higher rates of false recognition than participants in the pleasantness condition. Evidence for a survival recall advantage has been found to be accompanied by higher false recall rates and results in lower rates of net accuracy (ratio of true recall to recall as a whole). The survival recall advantage appears to occur when only true recall is considered. When total output is taken into account and net accuracy is calculated, the survival recall advantage disappears.
Basic memory processes.
Basic memory processes have also been examined in terms of their relation to survival processing, in hopes of explaining the survival recall advantage. Weinstein, Bugg and Roediger contrasted two basic memory processes: schematic processing (the memory performance is made easier and more efficient with the creation of schemas) and self-referential processing (elaboration becomes easier when relating the concept to oneself). Weinstein and colleagues conducted two experiments, the first duplicating Nairne's findings, and the second comparing the survival advantage to schematic and self-referential processing. Weinstein's findings verified Nairne's survival advantage and found it unlikely that the survival advantage can be explained in terms of schematic processing or self-reference.
Falsified assumptions.
Adaptive memory research depends on different auxiliary assumptions drawn from evolutionary psychology. One assumption is that memory will be specially tuned to remember information that is processed in a context similar to the environmental context where the adaptation took place, i.e., the African savannah or "grasslands of a foreign land". However, information that was processed for its relevance to an environment involving zombies was remembered better than information processed under the African savannah context and the African context condition did not differ from outer space processing. These experiments present a problem for the assumption of the importance of the ancestral environment because retention was better for information processed under a non-African savannah context, something not predicted by the theory of adaptive memory. 
A second assumption of adaptive memory research is that memory evolved because it was beneficial for survival, thus, based on a functional approach, memory should be more sensitive and retention better for information that is processed for its fitness-relevance. The assumption of fitness-relevance has been experimentally evaluated using a number of specific evolutionarily relevant scenarios designed to tap different adaptive mechanisms (or psychological adaptations), for example, a mating mechanism, fear and phobia mechanism, cheater detection mechanism, etc. When words were processed with respect to these different adaptive mechanisms, there was not a processing benefit for these scenarios. This finding suggests that fitness-relevance is too amorphous of a construct to explain the mnemonic benefit found with survival processing and Sandry et al. suggest that research efforts should be directed at identifying the underlying mechanisms and developing a taxonomy of adaptive memory, similar to evolutionary biology.
Future research.
As the concept of adaptive memory is a relatively recent development in memory research, there is still much research to be done in this field. One important consideration for further research in this field is adopting of a functional perspective of memory, leading to the important goal of further empirical findings and the refinement of those results obtained thus far. Another important research goal is identifying the precise conditions under which the survival advantage is in effect and those under which it is not. A third critical research focus is determining the specific functional mechanism or mechanisms responsible for this effect. Future research should be conducted with a wide variety of items such as pictures, categorized lists, and content specific materials (for example, those related to food, reproduction, predators and other survival-relevant domains). Finally, neuroimaging research has yet to be done to address any neurological activity that may be different in adaptive memory processing compared to normal conditions. Further research into adaptive memory would be very helpful in understanding more about how exactly the brain works in a survival situation.

</doc>
<doc id="31058478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058478" title="2011 Adelaide Sevens">
2011 Adelaide Sevens

The 2011 Adelaide Sevens, promoted as the International Rugby Sevens Adelaide 2011, was a rugby sevens tournament that was part of the IRB Sevens World Series in the 2010–11 season. It was the Australian Sevens leg of the series, held over the weekend of the 2 and 3 April at the Adelaide Oval in South Australia.
The competition was won by New Zealand who defeated South Africa 28–20 in the Cup final.
This was the final edition of the Adelaide Sevens, though not of the Australian leg of the IRB Sevens. The Gold Coast became the new host for the next four events beginning in 2011–12. The Gold Coast tournament was moved to the start of the calendar for the IRB series, opening the season in November 2011.
Format.
The teams were drawn into four pools of four teams each. Each team played the other teams in their pool once, with 3 points awarded for a win, 2 points for a draw, and 1 point for a loss (no points awarded for a forfeit). The top two teams from each group progressed to quarter-finals in the main competition, with the winners of those quarter-finals competing in cup semi-finals and the losers competing in plate semi-finals. The bottom two teams from each group progressed to quarter-finals in the consolation competition, with the winners of those quarter-finals competing in bowl semi-finals and the losers competing in shield semi-finals.
Teams.
The following teams participated:
Pool stage.
Play on the first day of the tournament consisted of matches between teams in the same pool on a round robin basis. The following is a list of the recorded results.
Knockout stage.
Play on the second day of the tournament consisted of finals matches for the Bowl, Plate, and Cup competitions. The following is a list of the recorded results.

</doc>
<doc id="31058493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058493" title="1977 Old Dominion 500">
1977 Old Dominion 500

The 1977 Old Dominion 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series (now Sprint Cup Series) racing event that took place on September 25, 1977 at the historic Martinsville Speedway; a race track that has enjoyed the presence of NASCAR since its first sanctioned race on July 4, 1948.
NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races are still held on the track today in addition to the Nationwide Series (started in 1982) and Camping World Truck Series (started in 1995). Since the track was repaved back in 1976, the one-year-old concrete surface allowed cars to travel at relatively fast speeds for a short track during the 1970s. All of the race car drivers on the 30-car grid were American-born males; no women or foreigners actually qualified for the race.
Historical summary.
It took three hours and thirty-four minutes for the race to completely progress from the first green flag to the checkered flag. Had the race been held on this day in the year 2010, temperatures would have reached - an increase of 16.8 degrees Fahrenheit from the temperatures of 1977. Five hundred laps on a paved oval track spanning per lap was the official distance of the race dictated by NASCAR. A grand total of was calculated from all the laps of the race. Thirteen lead changes were made as a part of the racing action.
Despite popular knowledge shared by non-NASCAR fans, the "500" number that was in the event's title indicated the number of laps that were in the race; as opposed to the number of kilometers or miles that the drivers had to finish. All Martinsville races traditionally advertised the number of laps that a race had because it is a very short track. Cale Yarborough managed to defeat Benny Parsons by 8/10ths of a second in front of 33000 live spectators; nine cautions were given out during the event for 57 laps. Neil Bonnett would qualify for the pole position with a speed of - which would be the equivalent of 87.637 seconds. However, Yarborough would average a speed of during the entire race.
He would retain his championship hopes after this race; being 219 points ahead of Richard Petty in the 1977 NASCAR Cup Series standings. The other top ten finishers were: David Pearson, Richard Petty, Sam Sommers, Jimmy Hensley, Buddy Arrington, James Hylton, Jimmy Means, and Darrell Waltrip. Baxter Price would become the event's last-place finisher with an oil leak on the fourth lap of the race. Chevrolet vehicles would make up the majority of the grid with Ford, Dodge, Mercury, and Matador holding a sizeable minority of the vehicles that would compete in this event.

</doc>
<doc id="31058505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058505" title="Pipiolos">
Pipiolos

Pipiolos was the name used to refer to Chilean upper class liberals in early 19th century. The name Pipiolo was originally used by the Pelucones or conservatives in a despective maner by associating the liberals to inexperience. In the Chilean Civil War of 1829 the Pipiolos led by Ramón Freire were defeated and the Pelucones could triumphantly enforce the Chilean Constitution of 1833 which led to creation of a strong unitarian and authoritarian presidentialist system held up by upper-class democracy. 
During the Revolution of 1851 the Pipiolos made a failed attempt to seize power from conservatives. With the Liberal–Conservative Fusion in 1858 term Pipiolo fell into disuse.

</doc>
<doc id="31058510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058510" title="Belong (album)">
Belong (album)

Belong is the second studio album from New York indie band The Pains of Being Pure at Heart. It was released on March 29, 2011 through Slumberland Records. The album was recorded in the fall of 2010 after extensive touring in support of the band's debut album. It was produced by Flood and mixed by Alan Moulder.
Background and recording.
In an interview with Pitchfork, vocalist/guitarist Kip Berman explained that the band "wanted the songs to exist in an immediate and instinctual place. The album sounds like we're taking away what we were hiding behind before. Lyrically, the first record had a lot of remembered experiences that I was looking back on and trying to make more clever, which can sound contrived. I like the idea of lyrics that don't get beyond themselves but catch you and make an impression. I think that's more emotionally compelling." 
Release and reception.
February 2011 saw the announcement of Belong. The sophomore LP was preceded by the release of "Heart in Your Heartbreak" and "Belong", the title track.
The album's release will be followed by a national tour, supported by indie pop/electronic artist Twin Shadow. On March 10, 2011, The full album was posted on their website for streaming.
The album has been received positively by music critics, earning a 76 on review aggregator site Metacritic, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
On March 23, 2011, "Heart In Your Heartbreak" was performed on the Late Show with David Letterman. Tours across the United States, Europe, and United Kingdom saw the year out for the five-piece. In 2012, the band returned to Australia and New Zealand for the St. Jerome's Laneway Festival in January and February. After this, Japan, China, and Singapore were visited by the performers.

</doc>
<doc id="31058513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058513" title="2003 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2003 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2003 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship was held in April 2003 and involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty second NCAA gymnastics national championship. The defending NCAA Team Champion for 2002 was Alabama. The competition took place in Lincoln, Nebraska hosted by the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in the Bob Devaney Sports Center. The 2003 team championship was won by UCLA and the individual champion was Richelle Simpson, Nebraska, 39.800 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="31058528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058528" title="Robert Filmer (disambiguation)">
Robert Filmer (disambiguation)

Robert Filmer was a political theorist.
Robert Filmer is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31058530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058530" title="Witchduck Point">
Witchduck Point

Witchduck Point is the name of the location where suspected witch Grace Sherwood was subjected to trial by water July 10, 1706. It is located within the neighborhood of Witchduck in Virginia Beach, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="31058534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058534" title="Raigad Ropeway">
Raigad Ropeway

The Raigad Ropeway is a ropeway which provides passenger transportation to Raigad fort.
Raigad fort, which is located in the Indian state of Maharashtra, is considered as the "capital of national resistance" and the "final resting place of the great founder of the Indian liberation" - Shivaji. It is a place of national importance and attracts "pilgrims" of all ages. Prior to the ropeway the only way to ascend Raigad fort was to trek to it, which took an hour. The Ropeway makes this site relatively more accessible to those not in a physical condition to make this trek. The Raigad Ropeway project is a non-profit endeavour, being the only one of its kind in India. This facility is owned by the Shri Shivaji Raigad Smarak Mandal, (SSRSM) Pune an organisation started by Bal Gangadhar Tilak in 1886. Construction of this Ropeway was completed in 1996.
History.
In 1990 the SSRSM was permitted by the government of Maharashtra to construct a ropeway at Raigad fort. An offer of Rupees Eighty Million, received from a Central Government firm, from Naini, Allahabad, was considered to be unviable. Subsequently Jog Engineering Limited offered to execute the project on a Build - Operate - Transfer basis in 1994, at a cost of Rupees 31 Million, and the same was accepted by SSRSM .
Salient features of the project.
The construction work commenced in November 1994, and was completed by March 1996. The project was inaugurated by the late Prof. Rajendra Singh, Sarsanghchalak of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. The ascent is 420 m and the rope length is 760 m. The motor capacity is 52.22 kW and the cabin weight is 100 kg each.
Ropeway Museum.
The project includes a museum which was created by Babasaheb Purandare and Ninad Bedekar.

</doc>
<doc id="31058535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058535" title="Kissing Time">
Kissing Time

Kissing Time, an earlier version of which was titled The Girl Behind the Gun, is a musical comedy with music by Ivan Caryll, book and lyrics by Guy Bolton and P.G. Wodehouse, and additional lyrics by Clifford Grey. It is based on the 1910 play, "Madame et son Filleul" ("Madame and her Godson") by Maurice Hennequin, Pierre Véber and Henry de Gorsseis. The story is set in contemporary France, with a glamorous actress at the centre of a farcical plot of imposture, intrigue and mistaken identity.
The piece ran for 160 performances on Broadway in 1918 with its former name, and, after substantial revision, for 430 performances in London in 1919–20 as "Kissing Time", to catch the post-war mood. This was followed by a touring production. The New York cast included Donald Brian. The star-studded London cast included Stanley Holloway, Yvonne Arnaud, Leslie Henson, George Grossmith, Jr. and Phyllis Dare.
History.
The plot of the musical was adapted by Bolton and Wodehouse from the 1910 play, "Madame et son Filleul" ("Madame and her Godson") by Maurice Hennequin, Pierre Véber and Henry de Gorsse. "The Girl Behind the Gun" opened at the New Amsterdam Theatre in New York 16 September 1918, running until 1 February 1919. It then was rewritten and opened as "Kissing Time" at the Winter Garden Theatre, London, on 20 May 1919, running until 3 July 1920. "The Observer" calculated that a million people saw the show during the 13 months of its run. A touring company took the production to the British provinces, led by George Gregory and Maidie Adams. 
The J.C. Williamson company toured the piece in Australia in 1920 with a company headed by Gladys Moncrieff. In October 1920, a musical called "Kissing Time", with mostly the same music by Caryll, played in New York beginning at the Lyric Theatre, but the book was by George V. Hobart, and the lyrics were by Hobart, Philander Johnson, Clifford Grey and Irving Caesar. It starred Edith Taliaferro.
Synopsis.
Four people are separately travelling to visit the glamorous actress Georgette St. Pol at her country house at Fontainebleau. First, her godson, Brichoux, whom she has not seen for many years; he is now the cook to a regiment of the French army. Second, her friend Lucienne Touquet. Third, Georgette's former guardian, Colonel Bolinger. Fourth, Lucienne's husband, Max Touquet, temporarily absenting himself from his military service; he is unaware that his wife is to visit Georgette, whom he hopes to interest in a play that he has written. 
Max and Brichoux meet as they approach the house. To gain access, Max persuades his comrade to exchange army papers, and Georgette allows him in, believing him to be her godson. Partly in revenge for her husband's roving eye and partly because she finds Max attractive, she does not discourage his evident interest in her.
The sudden arrival of Max's wife sets off a series of impersonations and swapped identities. Max, to avoid discovery by Lucienne, shaves off his moustache and beard and continues to maintain that he is Brichoux. Lucienne is not deceived, and she retaliates by a vigorous flirtation with Colonel Bolinger. To prevent the embarrassment of Georgette's exposure, her husband, Bibi, finds himself having to pose as a servant in his own house, while the Colonel assumes Max is Georgette's husband. Max, meanwhile, has to keep silent while his real wife receives the attentions of the Colonel. The real Brichoux intermittently appears and has to be explained away.
Max, still unaware of Bibi's real identity, finds himself attending an evening event in his company. Bibi's indignation at his position breaks out continually. Eventually, Max confesses to Georgette that he is not her godson, and the chain of imposture unravels. The Colonel, finding that he has been flirting with Max's wife, hastily overlooks Max's deception and breach of military rules, and all ends happily.
Musical numbers.
The musical numbers in the London production were as follows:
A new song composed by William Merrigan Daly, called "The Nicest Sort of Feeling", was added in the 1920 New York production.
Critical reception.
For the London opening at the new Winter Garden Theatre, reviewers devoted up to half their allotted column-space to remarks about the interior of the new building. Moreover, the two male leads, Grossmith and Henson, had both been away from the West End on wartime service in the navy and army respectively, and reviewers devoted further space to welcoming them back. As to the show itself, "The Manchester Guardian" commented, ""Kissing Time" has a story, so that the old reproach of musical comedy cannot be made here. … Mr. Caryll's music was reminiscent of Mr. Caryll. And very nice too." "The Observer" wrote of "a constant state of merriment", and praised all the principal performers, remarking on Henson's "inexhaustible humour", and describing Grossmith as "cheery, good natured, as in the old days", Phyllis Dare as "wholly delightful", and the other female leads as "charming".

</doc>
<doc id="31058540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058540" title="2004 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
2004 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 2004 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship was held in April 2004 and involved 12 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the twenty third NCAA gymnastics national championship. The defending NCAA Team Champion for 2003 was UCLA. The competition took place in Los Angeles, California hosted by the UCLA in Pauley Pavilion. The 2004 team championship was won by defending champion UCLA and the individual champion was Jeana Rice of Alabama, 39.650.

</doc>
<doc id="31058544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058544" title="William Eliot (MP)">
William Eliot (MP)

Sir William Eliot (1586 – 7 December 1650) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640.
Eliot was the son of Lawrence Eliot of Busbridge, Surrey. He matriculated at Queen's College, Oxford on 15 October 1602 aged 15. He was a student of Middle Temple in 1605. He inherited the estate at Busbridge in 1618 and was knighted on 1 February 1621. 
In April 1640, Eliot was elected Member of Parliament for Haslemere in the Short Parliament. 
Eliot died in 1650 at the age of 64.
Eliot married Joan and had a son William.

</doc>
<doc id="31058545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058545" title="Zosimus aeneus">
Zosimus aeneus

Zosimus aeneus is a species of crab that lives on coral reefs in the Indo-Pacific from East Africa to Hawaii. It grows to a size of and has distinctive patterns of brownish blotches on a paler background. It is potentially lethal due to the presence in its flesh and shell of the neurotoxins tetrodotoxin and saxitoxin.
Description.
"Zosimus aeneus" reaches a size of . It is "a well known brightly coloured and strikingly patterned species": its carapace and legs (including the claws) are marked with a characteristic pattern of red or brown patches on a pale brown or cream background. The carapace is deeply grooved, and the walking legs have prominent crests.
Distribution and ecology.
"Zosimus aeneus" is found across a large part of the Indo-Pacific, from South Africa to the Red Sea, and as far east as Japan, Australia and Hawaii. It lives on reef flats in the intertidal zone.
Taxonomy.
"Zosimus aeneus" was first described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1758 10th edition of "Systema Naturae". It was transferred to the genus ""Zozymus"" by James Dwight Dana in 1852, which was replaced with "Zosimus" by Mary J. Rathbun in 1907. It is the type species of the genus "Zosimus".
Toxicity.
Both the shell and the meat of "Zosimus aeneus" contain significant concentrations of neurotoxins including tetrodotoxin and saxitoxin. Tetrodotoxin (TTX) is the compound responsible for the toxicity of puffer fish, while saxitoxin (SXN) is the best known of several related neurotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning (PSP). Both are absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and interfere with sodium channels in the membranes of nerve cells. Poisoning with "Z. aeneus" can be fatal; one man in Timor-Leste died hours after consuming the crab, having received a dose equivalent to 1–2 μg saxitoxin per kilogram body mass.

</doc>
<doc id="31058554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058554" title="Just Jade">
Just Jade

Just Jade was the second Series following Jade Goody in her bid to become a successful businesswoman, this series focused on finding out what happened after she opened her salon Uglys. Living re-ran the series all weekend following the death of Goody on 22 March 2009.
Episode 1.
Jade considers releasing her own perfume brand and opening up more branches of her salon.
Episode 2.
Jade makes a decision about how she is going to launch her new perfume brand, and starts training for the London Marathon.
Episode 3.
Jade embarks on a shopping trip to Venice, and begins creating designs for her new perfume bottle and packaging.
Episode 4.
After looking into marketing methods for her perfume, Jade goes house-hunting for a property in Dubai.
Episode 5.
Jade has to make a very important decision about what her perfume will smell like, and she throws an Ann Summers party for her friends.
Episode 6.
Jade goes riding with a new acquaintance, and encounters some issues with a staff member.
Episode 7.
Jade hits the road to promote her autobiography, and her 25th birthday is marked by a party.
Episode 8.
Jade has agreed on the design for her perfume and has even sold it to the retailer. However, with only five days to go before the launch of Jade's new product, perfume guru Bob has to get 12,000 bottles ready in time.

</doc>
<doc id="31058583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058583" title="Schroeder's Cat">
Schroeder's Cat

Schroeder's Cat was a two-piece indie rock band formed by Simon Kenny (alias Si Schroeder) and Darragh O'Grady in Dublin, Ireland, whose influences included My Bloody Valentine.
They released a self-titled four-track EP in 1998 on LA label Emperor Norton Records owned by California oil heir Peter Getty, the grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty, where their label mates included Ladytron and the soundtracks to the Sofia Coppola films The Virgin Suicides and Lost in Translation. The band previously released a self-titled three-track 7-inch single in 1995 on Dublin independent record label Otterbran Records.
Discography.
EP track listing.
The CD contains two unnamed instrumental pieces between the four tracks and the vinyl contains two of these pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="31058591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058591" title="Balkan Games">
Balkan Games

The Balkan Games are a regional multi-sport event held between nations from the Balkans. The first Games were held in Athens in 1929, and the most recent LXVII Games were held in Alexandroupoli in 2012.
Organization.
The Games of 1929 were unofficial, and organized by the Hellenic Amateur Athletic Association (SEGAS). They became formalized after 1930 and have been held regularly since, with the exception of the 1940–1953 period due to the Second World War and post-war turmoil. In 1946 and 1947, unofficial Games were organized, under the name Balkan and Central European Games, in which Czechoslovakia, Poland and Hungary (1947) also participated.
1940 athlete naming.
The 1940 shot put champion was listed as Arat Ararat from Turkey. The birth name of this athlete was Sokratis Ioannidis, a Greek Orthodox born in Istanbul. Due to political friction between Turkey and Greece at that time, the Turks decided it would be more politically correct to change his name to Arat Ararat. This was the name he was known by in the athletic circles.

</doc>
<doc id="31058601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058601" title="Stoke Mandeville Stadium">
Stoke Mandeville Stadium

Stoke Mandeville Stadium is the National Centre for Disability Sport in the United Kingdom. It is sited alongside Stoke Mandeville Hospital near Stoke Mandeville and Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire. The stadium was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II in August 1969.
The stadium developed out of the Stoke Mandeville Games — the forerunner of the Paralympic Games — founded in 1948 by Ludwig Guttmann. He was a neurosurgeon at the National Spinal Injuries Centre at Stoke Mandeville Hospital who recognised the value of exercise and competition in the rehabilition of ex-members of the British armed forces. By 1961 Guttmann had founded the British Sports Association for the Disabled (now named English Federation of Disability Sport), expanding the concept of organising sport for men, women and children with disabilities and developing Stoke Mandeville Stadium into an international centre of disabled sport.
When Sir Ludwig Guttmann died in 1980 the Stadium was renamed Ludwig Guttmann Sports Centre for the Disabled. In 1993 the Stadium hosted the first international ex-service wheelchair games, organised by the Royal British Legion and opened by King Hussein and Queen Noor of Jordan. In 2001, following a £10million refurbishment, it was again renamed as "Stoke Mandeville Stadium".
Stoke Mandeville Stadium is owned by WheelPower, the national organisation for wheelchair sport in the United Kingdom.
The Olympic mascot Mandeville is named after the village due to its legacy with the games.
Facilities.
Facilities include a 400-metre outdoor running track, Cazenove Sports Hall, a 25m six-lane swimming pool, tennis courts and an indoor bowls arena. 
In addition the Stadium has its own "Olympic Village" accommodation for athletes and the Olympic Lodge Hotel and the Wolfson Conference Centre provide guest facilities.
Stoke Mandeville Institute of Sport and Education at the stadium provides specialist disability education and training for the sport and leisure sector.
1984 Summer Paralympics.
Stoke Mandeville Stadium was one of the two venues of the VII Paralympic Games, the last of the Summer Paralympics not held in the same venue as the Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="31058608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058608" title="Karel Ferdinand Irmler">
Karel Ferdinand Irmler

Karel Ferdinand Irmler (born March 18, 1650, date of death unknown) was a Moravian lawyer and the first professor of secular law at University of Olomouc.
Irmler was born in Olomouc to a family of local physician. He studied at the Faculty of Philosophy of University of Olomouc and Law at the University of Prague, where he defended his dissertation in 1674 and 1675. Since 1678 he was privately teaching law in Vienna.
He became the first professor of law at University of Olomouc, giving the first lecture at 8 in the morning on January 3, 1679 to six students.
It was Moravian nobility that forced establishment of Professorate of Law by a decree of Emperor Leopold I despite the opposition of Jesuits, who were in charge of the University. Irmler was paid 150 gulden a year directly by the nobility and was obliged to teach only students immatriculated at the University. As Jesuits opposed the secular law lectures, he was forced to give lectures in his house. He held the post of professor of law until 1691. Late in his life, he was blind.

</doc>
<doc id="31058611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058611" title="Hollywood (database)">
Hollywood (database)

Hollywood is a RNA splicing database containing data for the splicing of orthologous genes in different species.

</doc>
<doc id="31058618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058618" title="Susan Crosland">
Susan Crosland

Susan Barnes Crosland (23 January 1927 – 26 February 2011) was an American journalist and novelist who was resident in London for more than fifty years. She was the widow of the Labour Party politician Anthony Crosland.
Born Susan Barnes Watson in Baltimore, Maryland, the descendant of passengers on the "Mayflower", she was the daughter of Mark Skinner Watson, a defence correspondent for "The Baltimore Sun", later the publication's editor, and Susan Owens who was also a journalist. She graduated from Vassar College and taught at the Baltimore Museum of Art. In 1952 she married Patrick Skene Catling, then working with her father, and relocated to London in 1956 when Catling was posted to the London office of "The Baltimore Sun".
At a party during the year she met Anthony Crosland shortly after "The Future of Socialism", his most significant book, had been published. Her first marriage collapsed in 1960, and she and Crosland married in 1964; they kept separate residences at first. By now she had begun to write for British newspapers, originally as Susan Barnes. Taken on by John Junor of "The Sunday Express" just prior to her divorce, she freelanced after her second marriage, and specialised in writing features and profile articles. Following a period on the pre-Murdoch "The Sun", Crosland worked for "The Sunday Times" from 1970. Noted for her profiles she insisted on not interviewing the wives of 'great men' feeling that "they wanted to perpetuate the image". Labour politician Tony Benn though, one of her subjects and a friend of her husband, persuaded Crosland not publish an article dedicated to himself (he had been allowed to vet it) which Benn considered unflattering. The interview was eventually published in "The Spectator" during October 1987. 
Anthony Crosland had a fatal stroke in February 1977. His wife had strongly supported him throughout his periods as a Cabinet Minister, culminating in his appointment as Foreign Secretary in 1976, was pressed to stand as the Labour candidate for his Grimsby constituency in the subsequent by-election. She declined, but subsequently wrote a well-received biography of him published in 1982. One friend she acquired in this period via the biography, Therese Lawson, second wife of the Conservative politician Nigel Lawson, once spoke of the impression Crosland made on her:Some people make a deliberate stage entrance. Susan isn't like that but she does have a definite presence. Her voice has a slow, gentle, appealing laugh to it. It's not in the least bit raucous. Susan is much too ladylike for that. She has a particular American sense of humour which I appreciate.
Resuming her writing career, a biography of Anthony Blunt fell through after Crosland had already spent a third of the advance. George Weidenfeld, her publisher, suggested a novel instead, the result "Ruling Passions" appeared in 1989, the first of several works of fiction ending with "The Politician's Wife" in 2001. Crosland also assembled two volumes of collected journalism.
By the mid-1980s, Crosland had formed a deep platonic relationship with the conservative journalist Auberon Waugh which lasted until his death in 2001. By then she had begun to suffer from severe arthritis, thought to have had its origins in a riding accident she had suffered at eighteen, and acquired the MRSA bacterium while in hospital having a hip replaced; the infection went undiagnosed for some time. 
Susan Crosland was survived by her first husband and their two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31058662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058662" title="Maurice Day (bishop of Cashel and Waterford)">
Maurice Day (bishop of Cashel and Waterford)

Day was educated at Clonmel Endowed School and Trinity College, Dublin and ordained in 1840. He was the incumbent of St Matthias, Dublin from 1843 to 1868 when he became Dean of Limerick. He was Bishop of Cashel, Emly, Waterford and Lismore from 1872 until his retirement in 1899. He died on 13 December 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="31058693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058693" title="Intronerator">
Intronerator

The Intronerator is a database of alternatively spliced genes and a database of introns for Caenorhabditis elegans.

</doc>
<doc id="31058694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058694" title="Face.com">
Face.com

Face.com is a Tel Aviv-based technology company that developed a platform for efficient and accurate facial recognition in photos uploaded via web and mobile applications. Face.com apps and API services scan billions of photos monthly and tag faces in those photos, tying them directly to available social networking information. As of February, 2011, the company had “discovered” 18 billion faces across its API and Facebook applications.
The company was established in 2009, and maintains an office in Tel Aviv, Israel with 10 full-time employees. Face.com has developed and released two Facebook applications: Photo Finder and Photo Tagger. Photo Finder allows users to find untagged pictures of themselves as well as friends on Facebook and then tag those photos. Photo Tagger enables bulk-tagging of faces that appear in multiple photos uploaded to the Facebook website. On June 18, 2012, the company announced that it has been acquired by Facebook. With this announcement they also announced that they are winding up their api's to 'focus on new products at Facebook' 
REST API Program.
In March 2010, Face.com opened an Alpha of their free REST API, allowing third party developers to integrate the Face.com facial recognition technology, algorithms, and database of tagged faces with their own apps and services. The REST API gave developers free access to all of the platform’s technology, with some applicable rate limits while also offering white listing and premium licensing options. With the API, developers could tag and recognize users from Facebook and Twitter, attach Face.com technology to their own index of images, or even mix and match facial recognition across photo sources, including Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Picasa, and more.
In February 2011, Face.com’s API program moved from Alpha to Beta, increasing the rate limit from 200 scanned photos per hour to 5,000 photos per hour. As of February 10, more than 10,000 developers were using the Face API.
Funding.
Face.com has raised a total of $5.3 million in funding for their face recognition technology. A Series A round, totaling $1 million was raised in February 2009. On September 27, 2010, the company announced that it had closed a Series B round of $4.3 million, led by previous investor Rhodium and Russia-based investor Yandex. On June 18, 2012, the company was acquired by Facebook for an undisclosed sum estimated to be between $55 and $60 million.
University of Massachusetts study.
In 2011, a study conducted at the University of Massachusetts Amherst compared a portion of the Face.com algorithm, and found it to have a recognition rate of 0.91
Update.
As of June 2012 Face.com was sold to Facebook

</doc>
<doc id="31058701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058701" title="Luceafărul (poem)">
Luceafărul (poem)

Luceafărul ("The Vesper/The Evening Star/The Lucifer/The Daystar") is the name of a Romanian poem by Mihai Eminescu, published in 1883. It is generally considered his masterpiece.
The World Records Academy announced in January 2009 that "Luceafărul" had been officially recognized as being the longest love poem ever made.

</doc>
<doc id="31058714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058714" title="551 Beirut earthquake">
551 Beirut earthquake

The 551 Beirut earthquake occurred on 9 July 551. It had an estimated magnitude of about 7.6 on the moment magnitude scale and a maximum felt intensity of X (Intense) on the Mercalli intensity scale. It triggered a devastating tsunami which affected the coastal towns of Byzantine Phoenicia, causing great destruction and sinking many ships. Overall large numbers of people were reported killed, with one estimate of 30,000 by Antoninus of Piacenza for Beirut alone.
Tectonic setting.
Lebanon lies astride the Dead Sea Transform, which forms part of the boundary between the Arabian Plate and the African Plate. In Lebanon the fault zone forms a restraining bend associated with a right stepping offset of the fault trace. Transpressional deformation associated with this bend has formed a number of thrust faults, such as the recently identified "Mount Lebanon thrust", which underlies the city and is interpreted to crop out at the seabed offshore.
Damage.
There is little in the way of detailed descriptions of the damage caused by this earthquake in contemporary accounts. Sources refer to the coastal cities from Tyre to Tripoli being reduced to ruins with many thousands of casualties. Antoninus of Piacenza reported that 30,000 people died in Beirut alone. Reports of damage at Petra and other locations in the Jordan Valley associated with the 551 event have been re-analyzed, suggesting that a later earthquake was more likely to be responsible.
Characteristics.
Earthquake.
The earthquake was felt over a wide area from Alexandria in the southwest to Antioch in the north. The area of felt intensity of VIII or more extends from Tripoli in the north to Tyre in the south. Estimates for the magnitude vary from 7.2 on the surface wave magnitude scale to a possible 7.5 on the moment magnitude scale. The rupture length is estimated to be greater than 100 km and possibly as long as 150 km. The origin of the tsunami was thought to have been due to an underwater landslide triggered by an earthquake on the Dead Sea Transform itself. More recent analysis suggested that an offshore continuation of the Roum Fault mapped onshore was responsible. However, seabed surveys have discounted this possibility and the discovery of geologically recent fault scarps at seabed indicate that movement on the newly identified Mount Lebanon Thrust was the cause of the earthquake and the resulting tsunami. Quaternary uplift recorded by a series of marine-cut terraces between Tripoli and Beirut are consistent with continuing upward movement of the hanging wall of the proposed thrust. At a smaller scale, an uplifted vermetid bench, which indicates vertical movement of about 80 cm, is dated to the sixth century A.D. Continued uplift above this thrust since the late Miocene may explain the formation of the Mount Lebanon range.
Tsunami.
The tsunami affected the whole of the coast from Tyre to Tripoli. Withdrawal of the sea by up to two miles was recorded in some contemporary accounts.
Future seismic hazard.
The estimated return time for large earthquakes on the Mount Lebanon thrust is 1500–1750 years, although a shorter return time is also possible depending on the dating of the most recent sea-level highstand. This latter possibility would indicate that a repeat of this event may be long overdue.

</doc>
<doc id="31058719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058719" title="Helen (album)">
Helen (album)

Helen is an album released by Helen Humes in 1981 on Muse MR 5233, her second for that company. The album was in the final nominations for the 24th Annual Grammy Awards in the category of “Best Jazz Vocal Performance.” 

</doc>
<doc id="31058735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058735" title="Fort San Juan (Joara)">
Fort San Juan (Joara)

Fort San Juan was a 16th–century fort built by the Spanish under the command of conquistador Juan Pardo in the native village of Joara, in what is now Burke County, North Carolina. Used as an outpost for Pardo's expedition into the interior of what was known to the Spaniards as "la Florida", Fort San Juan served as one of six forts throughout modern–day North and South Carolina and Tennessee that were established to extend Spain's effective control further in the North American continent. It was the first European settlement in North Carolina, predating the earliest British coastal colonies by a few decades. In 1568, natives from Joara and the region surrounding the fort razed the Spanish settlement. 
The fort is now recognized has having been the earliest European settlement in the interior of what is now the United States of America. After the fort's destruction, its exact location was lost. During the summer of 2013, archaeologists affiliated with the University of Michigan, Tulane University and Warren Wilson College announced that they had discovered the location of a defensive moat believed to belong to Fort San Juan.
Joara and the Pardo expedition.
In 1566, a fleet under the command of Pedro Menéndez de Avilés established the coastal town of Santa Elena on what is now Parris Island in South Carolina. Santa Elena was established to be the headquarters for further Spanish expeditions into the interior of North America, and in this vein, Avilés ordered conquistador Juan Pardo to explore the interior of the new territory, and to find an overland route to Spain's silver-rich holdings in Zacatecas, Mexico, located at that time in the Viceroyalty of New Spain. Pardo's expedition set out from Santa Elena in December, 1566, and followed the routes of the Congaree and Wateree Rivers up to the native city of Cofitachequi, which had been visited 26 years prior by Hernando de Soto. The expedition then continued to follow the course of the Wateree past where it becomes the Catawba River (in modern-day naming conventions), arriving at the Native American city of Joara (spelled "Xuala" in later Spanish maps) in 1567.
By 1567, Joara had been occupied consistently since the 15th century A.D.
Establishment of the Fort.
Pardo's expedition was forced to stop at Joara for an extended period of time due to heavy snowfall in the Blue Ridge Mountains, which prevented their forward movement. During their two week stay at Joara, Pardo's men constructed Fort San Juan in the style of a blockhouse, and possibly also utilized a palisade and moat.
Further expeditions from Fort San Juan.
After two weeks at Joara, Pardo left a garrison of 30 Spanish soldiers at the newly built fort under the command of Hernando Moyano de Morales. Pardo and the remaining Spaniards headed east, exploring away from the Catawba River, towards the modern-day city of Salisbury. While exploring in that direction, Pardo received word that Santa Elena was being threatened by a French expedition. Pardo began the return march to Santa Elena, leaving Moyano without support at Fort San Juan. Pardo returned to Santa Elena on March 7, 1567. Meanwhile, Moyano set out on an expedition through the mountains toward the Chiaha village of Maniatique near Saltville, Virginia, which he attacked. Pardo was tasked again with returning to Fort San Juan and locating a road to Zacatecas. Upon reaching Joara, on September 24, 1567, Pardo received word that Moyano was under attack from a force of Native Americans at Chiaha. Pardo arrived at that town on October 7, 1567, and retrieved Moyano and his men, returning with them to Fort San Juan on November 6, 1567.
Destruction.
After resting and replenishing supplies at Fort San Juan for two weeks, Pardo and his men began their return voyage to Santa Elena, leaving a garrison of 31 men at the fort. Along the way back to the coast, Pardo constructed several more forts, including one named Santiago and another named Santo Tomás. Pardo arrived at Santa Elena on March 2, 1568, and never again returned to the interior of the continent. The fate of the Spanish garrison at Fort San Juan is not exactly known, but it is known that in May, 1568, a contingent of Native Americans laid siege to the fort, lured out its garrison, and killed the Spaniards, with the exception of one, Juan de Badejoz, who claimed to have escaped and hidden in the woods. Subsequent to its destruction, the occupants of Joara constructed a ceremonial mound over the site of the Fort.
Archaeological work and Location.
Joara's location has been long disputed, but several archaeologists and researchers, including Robin Beck of the University of Michigan, believe that evidence uncovered at the "Berry Site", an archaeological site centered on the remains of a large Native American settlement in Burke County, North Carolina, definitively demonstrates that that site contains a portion of Joara. Previously, scholars believed that the site of Joara may have been located near the Qualla Boundary in Swain County, North Carolina, or elsewhere in the Appalachian foothills of North Carolina or Tennessee, between Knoxville and the Catawba River.
Commemoration and current status.
Despite being unsure of the fort's exact location at the time, in 2008, the State of North Carolina erected a highway historical marker commemorating the fort in Morganton, North Carolina. Excavation work at and educational outreach concerning the site is supported by the nonprofit Exploring Joara Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="31058742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058742" title="Sonesta Records">
Sonesta Records

Sonesta Records is an independent record label that was founded in 2007 by Israeli DJ Lior Lahav a.k.a. Solar System, who achieved world wide recognition in 2008 at DJ Magazine Top 100 DJs Poll, and continuously releases records in the fields Electronic Dance Music.

</doc>
<doc id="31058748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058748" title="The Modernista">
The Modernista

The Modernista (also known as the Modern Maid Cocktail) is a scotch-pastis/absinthe cocktail. It is a bitter cocktail with proportions of rum-based Swedish Punsch. This is a sophisticated challenging beverage made by:

</doc>
<doc id="31058755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058755" title="ProSAS">
ProSAS

ProSAS is a database describing the effects of splicing on the structure of a protein

</doc>
<doc id="31058770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058770" title="Jay Reynolds (sportscaster)">
Jay Reynolds (sportscaster)

Jay Reynolds is a radio sports and news anchor. He began his reporting and anchoring work in Poughkeepsie, New York radio, having worked the newsrooms of WKIP, WEOK, and WPDH. Currently he is the anchor for ESPN Radio SportsCenter and is the host of SportsCenter AM.
Reynolds, being the tallest person on staff at WPDH, was nicknamed "The 6-Foot-8 Jay Reynolds".

</doc>
<doc id="31058773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058773" title="Volleyball 1on1">
Volleyball 1on1

Volleyball 1on1 is an interactive Volleyball website that was founded by former NCAA volleyball champion and businessman Andor Gyulai and entrepreneur and finance expert Vanessa Summers in March 2009. The website is a resource for instructional volleyball videos, drills, practice plans as well containing an extensive online volleyball store. The site showcases in excess of 1,000 volleyball videos featuring coaching and instruction from former AVP tour professionals in addition to well known volleyball coaches and FIVB professionals. 
The main function of volleyball1on1.com is as a pay website that brings exclusive content in the form of instructional volleyball videos to the consumer. These instructional volleyball videos feature step by step coaching on volleyball techniques from professionals such as Eric Fonoimoana, Jeff Nygaard, Stein Metzger, Anthony Medel, Seth Burnham, Logan Tom and more. The site also has association with several affiliate sites that specialize in volleyball resources such as findavolleyballclub.com, vbvolleyball.com, and indoorvolleyballs.com.

</doc>
<doc id="31058777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058777" title="Jake Cody">
Jake Cody

Jake Cody is a professional poker player from Rochdale, England, United Kingdom.
He burst on to the European tournament scene in 2010 with major wins at the European Poker Tour event in Deauville in January where he won €857,000 and the main event of the World Poker Tour London in August where he pocketed a further £273,783.
Cody revealed in an interview with Bluff Europe magazine that he started his online career by depositing just $10 and hasn't made a further deposit since. The Rochdale native was studying psychology at university before giving up his studies to play poker professionally, a decision that didn't initially sit well with his parents. He puts his success down to hard work, regularly playing 12 hours days and constantly reading about poker, posting on forums and discussing hands and strategy with fellow players, something he says is crucial to developing as a player.
He enjoyed his first minor tournament success with a small cash in the Grosvenor UK Poker Tour side event in Manchester in April 2009 and also made the money in the maiden UK and Ireland Poker Tour (UKIPT) event in Galway in December 2009. Cody's professional career really took off a month later when the youngster outlasted a field of 768-runners to take the €5,000 EPT Deauville Main Event for a massive €857,000 pay day. 
Cody had a relatively quiet time on the tournament circuit with a few small cashes at UKIPT events before completing the second part of poker's triple crown after winning the World Poker Tour event in London. Cody beat Sweden's Nichlas Mattsson heads up in the £5,000 buy-in event at the Palm Beach Casino to take home the £273,783 first prize.
Cody's impressive achievements were recognised by the judging panel of the European Poker Awards where he was named the Poker Player of the Year and the Rookie of the Year. He was unable to attend the ceremony at the Aviation Club de France in Paris on 13 February as he was playing in the £1,500 High Roller tournament at the UKIPT event Nottingham. He beat a final table that included Dave 'Devilfish' Ulliott to take the title and the £34,200 first prize.
On 4 June 2011, he completed the triple crown by winning his first WSOP Bracelet. He defeated Yevgeniy Timoshenko to win the $25,000 Heads-Up No-Limit Hold'em event, only the second bracelet event in which Jake had played.
At the 2011 WSOPE, he made the final table at the Main Event and finished 7th, earning €150,000.
On 17 November 2011, Cody signed a sponsorship deal with online poker site PKR.com. However, on 8 January 2013 Cody was announced as a member of Team PokerStars Pro at the PokerStars Caribbean Adventure in the Bahamas. Cody plays online regularly on PokerStars under the screen name "jakecody".

</doc>
<doc id="31058779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058779" title="Henry Real Bird">
Henry Real Bird

Henry Real Bird, a native Crow Indian, grew up ranching on the battlegrounds of the Little Big Horn on the Crow Reservation in Montana. A former rodeo cowboy, appointed as Montana's Poet Laureate in 2009, Henry still lives in and draws inspiration from the land of the Little and Big Horn Valleys. Horses picture large in Henry’s creative work and are the thread of his "Rivers of Horse" CD. In the summer of 2010, as Montana’s Poet Laureate, Henry traveled by horseback 415 miles to distribute books of poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="31058802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058802" title="The Porcupine">
The Porcupine

The Porcupine is a short novel by Julian Barnes originally published in 1992. Before its British release date the book was first published earlier that year in Bulgarian, with the title "Бодливо свинче" (Bodlivo Svinche) by Obsidian of Sofia. 
Synopsis.
Set in a post-communist fictional country, likely based on Bulgaria, the novel concerns the trial of Stoyo Petkanov, a character judged to be loosely based on Todor Zhivkov, the former communist leader of Bulgaria. As the newly appointed Prosecutor General attempts to ensnare the former dictator with his own totalitarian laws, Petkanov springs a few unwelcome surprises on the court by conducting a formidable defense.
"The Times" described the book as 'Superbly humane in its moral concerns...an excellent novel'.

</doc>
<doc id="31058805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058805" title="Pretty Saro">
Pretty Saro

Pretty Saro is an English folk ballad originating in the early 1700s. The song died out in England by the mid eighteenth century but was rediscovered in North America in the early twentieth century where it had been preserved in the Appalachian Mountains through oral traditions. The work of Cecil Sharp is credited for keeping songs such as Pretty Saro and others, alive well into modern times.
During his "Self Portrait" sessions in March 1970 at Columbia Records' New York studio, Bob Dylan ran through "Pretty Saro" six consecutive times. While none of those versions made the final cut for the album, the song remained in Columbia's vault, until it was released on "Another Self Portrait", a 35-track box set of songs cut for Nashville Skyline, Self Portrait and New Morning.
Performers.
Notable artists who have recorded "Pretty Saro" include:

</doc>
<doc id="31058808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058808" title="Rengsjö SK">
Rengsjö SK

Rengsjö SK is a Swedish football club located in Rengsjö in Bollnäs Municipality, Gävleborg County.
Background.
Rengsjö Sportklubb (RSK) were founded on the 16th March 1931, although Rengsjö SK was formed as a skiing club in 1907. Rengsjö SK won the 2009 Ljusnan Cup. Among notable players who previously played for the club is Johan Oremo as well as the defender Jens Sigfridsson.
Since their foundation Rengsjö SK has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Norrland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Rengsjö IP in Rengsjö.
Rengsjö SK are affiliated to Hälsinglands Fotbollförbund.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Rengsjö SK have competed in the following divisions:
2011 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2010 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2009 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2008 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2007 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2006 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2005 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2004 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2003 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2002 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2001 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2000 - Division V, Hälsingland
1999 - Division V, Hälsingland
Attendances.
In recent seasons Rengsjö SK have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="31058832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058832" title="D. Nichol Smith">
D. Nichol Smith

David Nichol Smith FBA (16 September 1875- 18 January 1962) was a Scottish literary scholar and Merton Professor of English Literature at Oxford University.

</doc>
<doc id="31058839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058839" title="Bankia">
Bankia

Bankia () is a Spanish banking conglomerate that was formed in December 2010, consolidating the operations of seven regional savings banks. As of 2012, Bankia is the fourth largest bank of Spain with 12 million customers
Bankia reports a total business volume of €486 billion with total assets of €328 billion. Formerly a private bank, it was partially nationalized by the government of Spain in May 2012 due to near collapse of the institution.
On 25 May 2012, Bankia requested a bailout of €19 billion, the largest bank bailout in the nation's history. The new management, led by José Ignacio Goirigolzarri reported losses before taxes of 4.3 billion euros (2.98 billions euros taking into account a fiscal credit) compared to a profit of 328 millions euros reported when Rodrigo Rato was at the head of Bankia until 9 May 2012. A report in March 2013 put 2012 net losses at 19.06 billion euros, the largest corporate loss in Spanish history.
Formation and IPO.
Bankia was formed on 3 December 2010 as a result of the union of seven Spanish financial institutions, with major presence in their areas of influence. The merger of the seven savings banks, known as 'cold fusion', took only four months, with the integration contract being signed on 30 July 2010. Caja Madrid, which is itself owned by the government of the Community of Madrid, holds controlling interest. The distribution of shares was as follows:
After the merger, Bankia was initially owned by a holding company Banco Financiero y de Ahorros (BFA), and the seven banks controlled BFA. The most toxic assets from the banks were transferred to BFA, which obtained 4.5 billion euros from the Spanish government rescue fund FROB in exchange for preference shares with an annual interest rate of 7.75%, maturing in 2015. In 2011 Bankia offered shares to the public in an IPO. Investment bankers found little interest in the IPO among international institutional investors. Strategy shifted to selling the stock domestically with 98% of the initial 3.1 billion euros raised by domestic sales of shares.
Shares of Bankia began trading on the Bolsa de Madrid on 20 July 2011, under the symbol BKIA, and was listed in the IBEX 35.
Insolvency and state bailout.
In 2012, Bankia was the third largest lender in Spain, but the largest holder of real estate assets at 38 billion euros. On 7 May 2012, Rodrigo Rato stepped down as chairman of Bankia SA in order to clear the way for a rescue plan that the Spanish government hoped would persuade international investors of the country's financial stability. José Ignacio Goirigolzarri became the new president. Concerns about the value of Bankia's assets, and the potential for further losses in the future prompted speculation that the Spanish government would inject up to 10 billion EUR of new capital into the troubled bank.
On 10 May, the Spanish government said it would convert its preference shares in BFA into voting shares, giving it a controlling stake of 45% in Bankia. On 25 May, trading in the shares was suspended at Bankia's request.
On 25 May, it was reported that Bankia SA had negotiated a further 19 billion euro (US$23.8 billion) bailout, marking another rise in the cost of a drawn-out rescue. The government had already spent 4.5 billion euros to prop up Bankia, and the entire rescue was then seen totalling some 20 billion euros. "The New York Times" described the increasing bailout as making Spain one of the new focal points of the European sovereign-debt crisis. Bankia also revised its earnings statement for 2011, stating that instead of a profit of 309 million euros, it had in fact lost 4.3 billion euros before taxes and asked for 1.4 billion fiscal credit to reduce its loss.
In response to growing concerns, Standard & Poor downgraded its rating of Bankia's creditworthiness to "double-B-plus", making it a junk bond.
Headquarters.
The new bank has its registered office and address of the subsidiaries in Valencia, while its operational headquarters are in Madrid. It is also present in the following countries: Germany, Austria, China, France, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, the UK and the US.

</doc>
<doc id="31058840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058840" title="Jones v. Dirty World Entertainment Recordings LLC">
Jones v. Dirty World Entertainment Recordings LLC

Jones v. Dirty World Entertainment Recordings LLC is case in which the United States Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals adopted the "Roommates" material development test for limiting immunity under section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA). A libel suit was pursued by Sarah Jones, formerly a high school teacher and Cincinnati Ben–Gals cheerleader, against Dirty World, LLC, (Dirty World) operator of the celebrity gossip web site TheDirty.com, concerning two postings on TheDirty.com that Dirty World refused to remove. 
Background.
TheDirty.com is a website, originally founded by Nik Richie, that publishes anonymous gossip from site users. In October and December of 2009, two posts pictured Jones and accused her of promiscuity and infecting others with sexual transmitted diseases. Each post was authored by a site user and anonymously attributed to "The Dirty Army". An editorial note by Richie was appended and signed "nik". Jones sent several e-mails to Richie asking for the posts to be removed. Richie refused to, even after Jones hired an attorney and threatened suit.
Jones filed suit in federal district court on December 14, 2009, alleging defamation, libel "per se", false light, and intentional infliction of emotional distress under state tort law. Jones was a resident of Northern Kentucky, a teacher at Dixie Heights High School in Edgewood, Kentucky and a member of the cheerleading squad of the Cincinnati Bengals professional football team. Jones initially brought suit against Dirty World Entertainment Recordings, and in August, 2010, was awarded an $11 million default judgement when the defendant failed to answer the suit. It later came to light that the plaintiff had mistakenly sued the wrong company: Dirty World Entertainment recordings operates "TheDirt.com," while the operator of the offending site ("TheDirty.com") is named DirtyWorldLLC. Jones subsequently filed an amended complaint including Dirty World, LLC.
Richie and Dirty World moved dismiss the case for lack of personal jurisdiction, and for judgement as a matter of law, claiming that Section 230 of the CDA gave Dirty World, as a provider of interactive computer services, immunity from suit over material authored by third parties and published on the website. The district court denied these motions, concluding that a publisher, by "ratifying or adopting the posts" by addition of comments and invitation of further material would lose their immunity. The trial ended in a mistrial after the jury hung, but Jones prevailed at the second trial, winning $338,000 in combined compensatory and punitive damages. Richie and Dirty World appealed to the Sixth Circuit.
Parallel Developments.
In an unusual turn of events, while her civil lawsuit remained pending, on March 29, 2012, plaintiff Sarah Jones was indicted by a Kenton County grand jury which charged her with a felony count of "Sexual abuse in the first degree" and "Unlawful use of electronic means to induce a minor to engage in sexual or other prohibited activities". On October 8, 2012, Sarah Jones pleaded guilty to felony custodial interference and misdemeanor sexual misconduct. She was given a two-year sentence, but will not have to serve any time if she follows the terms of her probation for five years. Jones' mother, former school principal Cheryl Armstrong Jones, also pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of attempted tampering with evidence. She admitted to the judge that she sent the teen a text message telling him to get rid of his phone and also avoided jail time. The teen in question has publically identified himself as 18 year old Cody York. The same day Jones pleaded guilty in her criminal cases, Jones notified a Kentucky civil court that she was prepared to pursue her 2009 lawsuit against TheDirty.com. “Sarah Jones is only seeking damages prior to her relationship with [the high school student,” writes lawyer Eric Deters in the court filing requesting a January 2013 trial. “The conduct of thedirty.com and her reputation from the time of the libel was intact. It may be harmed now, but she does not seek damages for this time period or in the future.”
Appeal.
On July 15, 2013, the defendants filed a timely Notice of Appeal. The district court judge, William O. Bertelsman, filed a Memorandum Opinion to further explain his decision. The case generated considerable interest in the reputation management industry, since it was the first time CDA was not accepted as a defense. Many feared that a successful suit by Jones open the doors to a flood of similar lawsuits. Several amicus briefs were filed with the court:
Issue on appeal.
Does a website have immunity under section 230 of the CDA, even when published material is edited and editorial notes are attached?
Opinion.
On June 16, 2014, the Sixth Circuit vacated the district court's decision with instructions to enter judgment as a matter of law in favor of Dirty World. The Sixth Circuit held that the district court erroneously applied an "adoption or ratification test" and instead adopted the material contribution test from Fair Housing Council of San Fernando Valley v. Roommates.com, LLC. The Court noted, "... determinations of immunity under the CDA should be resolved at an earlier stage of litigation," having earlier noted in the opinion that the lower court had denied Dirty World's motion to dismiss, motion for summary judgment, motion to revise judgment, motion for judgment as a matter of law, as well as their motion for leave to file an interlocutory appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="31058854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058854" title="Sporogonites">
Sporogonites

Sporogonites was a genus of Lower Devonian land plant with branching axes. It is known from Europe, Australia and Newfoundland. It resembles a moss in that many straight axes, which grew to about five centimetres in height and possess terminal sporangia, grow from a planar basal surface. Its spores were trilete and around 30 µm across.

</doc>
<doc id="31058860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058860" title="Jawne">
Jawne

The Jawne (Hebrew: יבנה) was a Jewish Reformrealgymnasium in Cologne.
Name.
The school took its name from the town Yavne near Tel Aviv, where the Jewish Supreme Court, the Sanhedrin, after the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 CE, tried to maintain the Jewish traditions with a school of Jewish law.
History.
The Jawne in Cologne was the first and only continuative Jewish school in Rhineland. It was founded by Rabbi Emanuel Carlebach (1874–1927), brother of rabbi Ephraim Carlebach, of the congregation Adass Jeshurum around Easter 1919, was built in 1921 and was recognized by the state in 1925 as a "Real-Progymnasium" and "Lizeum", with the rights of a semi-public institution.
Rabbi Carlebach had founded in 1907 a private elementary school by the name of "Moriah".
On September 28, 1929, the its official name was changed to "Privats Jüdisches Reform-Realgymnasium mit Realschule für Knaben und Mädchen". The Javne school position was strengthened when, on April 27, 1928, it entered into an agreement with the executive board of the Cologne community whereby, for a period of five years, this school would receive an annual stipend. In return the school was to be administered by a board of governors the majority of whom was appointed by the executive board of the Jewish community. Its teachers and directors had to be of conservative religious views. Since April 9, 1929, its director was Dr. Erich Klibansky.
During the school year 1930–31 the pupils numbered 103 boys and 75 girls, during 1936–1937 the total number of students, boys and girls, was 410.
Klibanksy recognized early the Nazi danger. He reacted reinforcing the lessons in English and Modern Israeli Hebrew to prepare his students to a life out of Germany. Already in 1933 he said without illusion: "To which School can I send my child? This question is today peremptory. One cannot answer that we should not go back by ourselves into a ghetto, because the breakup process of the German people towards us Jews is in full movement."
Erich Klibansky and his teachers planned after 1938 to evacuate the whole school to Great Britain, and organized to this end the Kindertransport. The outward voyage by train and ship could be done only without the company of their parents. He thus succeeded to let a part of his students leave for England.
At least 130 Jewish children from Cologne were able to survive.
After the breakout of the Second World War this was no longer possible. Klibansky, his family and the remaining students were deported in 1942 with more than 1,000 other Jewish from Cologne near Minsk and killed there without exception.
Remembrance.
In the Cologne Lern- und Gedenkort Jawne, that is located in the area of the destroyed gymnasium, the history of the school is remembered with exhibitions. At moment there is the exhibition "The children of the next door schoolyard" conceived by the historian Cordula Lissner. The area, thanks to the insistent efforts of citizens of Cologne, was named in 1990 Erich Klibansky Platz. In the small square a survived student has created a memorial with the Löwenbrunnen (designed by the sculptor and survivor of the school Hermann Gurfinkel) and the names of the killed children. In November 2008 the initiative was honored by the prize "Aktiv für Demokratie und Toleranz", in December 2009 by the Cologne Bilz-Prize of the "Bilz-Foundation".
The preservation of the memorial place is from 2009 endangered, because the necessary space is not as previously rented for free from the owner, but the association has to pay a market rent.

</doc>
<doc id="31058861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058861" title="The Old Spotted Dog Ground">
The Old Spotted Dog Ground

The Old Spotted Dog Ground is a football ground in Forest Gate, London, and the oldest senior football ground in the city. It has been the home ground of Clapton since 1888, and currently is also the home ground of London Bari.
History.
The ground was originally part of the grounds of the Old Spotted Dog Hunting Lodge used by Henry VIII. The lodge became a pub, the Spotted Dog, which was later Grade II listed, but closed in 2004 and is now in disrepair. The land later became a sports ground and was used for county cricket matches.
Clapton moved to the ground in 1888 after learning that St Bartholomew's Hospital were giving up their tenancy. The club played the first match at the ground on 29 September 1888 against Old Carthusians, winning 1–0 in front of over 4,000 spectators. Their record attendance at the ground of 12,000 was set for an FA Cup game against Tottenham Hotspur during the 1898–99 season.
During World War II the ground was used as an anti-aircraft station.

</doc>
<doc id="31058870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058870" title="F. P. Wilson">
F. P. Wilson

Frank Percy Wilson FBA (11 October 1889 – 29 May 1963) was a British literary scholar and bibliographer. Author of many works on Elizabethan drama and general editor of the "Oxford History of English Literature", Wilson was Merton Professor of English Literature at the University of Oxford from 1947 to 1957.
Education and early career.
Wilson was born and raised in Birmingham, studying at King Edward's School, Birmingham. He received his BA (1911) and MA (1912) in English at the University of Birmingham, and a B. Litt. at Lincoln College, Oxford, in 1913, writing his thesis on Thomas Dekker.
At the outbreak of World War I Wilson joined the army, serving in France, and sustaining serious injuries at Battle of the Somme in 1916. Recovery in hospital took over a year, and, besides, left Wilson with a permanent limp and vulnerability to recurrent infections. He returned to Oxford as University Lecturer in 1921 and was promoted to Reader in 1927. At Oxford, Wilson published "Dekker's Foure Birds of Noahs Arke" (1924) and "Plague Pamphlets of T. Dekker" (1925). He worked on and off for many years on a four volume edition of Dekker's prose works, but it was never completed. However, the incidental, "The Plague in Shakespeare's London" (1925) proved popular with readers and was brought out in paperback in 1958.
Later career.
During the next three decades, Wilson was to serve as Professor of English Literature at the University of Leeds (1929–1936), Hildred Carlile professor of English literature at Bedford College, London (1936–1947), and Merton Professor of English Literature at Oxford (1947–57), remaining at Oxford for three years more as Senior Research Fellow at Merton College.
He visited many American academic institutions during this time, including Huntington Library in San Marino, California, on three separate occasions, Columbia University, Folger Shakespeare Library and Stanford University. In addition, he gave lectures, all later published, at University of Toronto, Smith College, Johns Hopkins University, and UCLA.
With Bonamy Dobrée, Wilson became in 1935 the general editor of the "Oxford History of English Literature". He wrote the volume, "English drama from 1485 to 1642" himself. He gave British Academy lectures in 1941 and the Clark Lectures at Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1951, both published later in book form.
During World War II, in spite of his disability, Wilson served in the Home Guard. He became general editor of the Malone Society in 1948 and during his dozen years at the helm edited reprints of many works were produced including those of John Fletcher, Samuel Rowley, and Thomas Middleton.
Critical reputation, influence, and honours.
According to ODNB biographers, Jean Robertson and P. J. Connell, "The chief merits of Wilson's dramatic criticism were his constant alertness to the exigencies of the stage (he was a promising amateur actor in his early days); and, most remarkably, his unrivalled knowledge of contemporary word usage and phraseology..." yielding ultimately his "Oxford Dictionary of English Proverbs". He was, they continue, "the most learned Elizabethan scholar of his generation, as well as a master of social graces and a witty conversationalist."
Wilson was elected Fellow of the British Academy in 1943 and awarded an honorary LLD of the University of Birmingham in 1947; he was made an honorary fellow of Lincoln College, Oxford, in 1948. F. P. Wilson died at his home in Berkshire, on 29 May 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="31058876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058876" title="Samsung Champ">
Samsung Champ

The Samsung Champ is a feature phone that was announced by Samsung in May 2010. It features a quad band GSM support along with a 40 MB internal flash memory (expandable up to 8 GB via microSD), a 2.4-inch, 240x320-pixel resistive touchscreen display, a digital camera and on select models, a 1.3-megapixel camera.
The phone is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack, which enables it to be connected with any earphones or speakers of daily use. The phone also comes with dual speakers and a built in voice equalizer.
It is one of the cheapest touchscreen phones available to buy in the market, with prices ranging around 70–80 euros. Due to its low price and compact size, the phone is very popular with youth.

</doc>
<doc id="31058893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058893" title="The Wind in the Willows (1987 film)">
The Wind in the Willows (1987 film)

The Wind in the Willows is a 1987 American animated musical television film directed by Arthur Rankin, Jr. and Jules Bass. It is an adaptation of "The Wind in the Willows" by Kenneth Grahame. Set in a pastoral version of England, the film focuses on four anthropomorphised animal characters (Moley, Ratty, Mr. Toad, and Mr. Badger) and contains themes of mysticism, adventure, morality, and camaraderie. The film features the voices of Charles Nelson Reilly, Roddy McDowall, José Ferrer, and Eddie Bracken. The screenplay was written by Romeo Muller, a long-time Rankin/Bass writer whose work included "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer", "The Hobbit", and "The Flight of Dragons", among others.
This was the last project produced by Rankin/Bass Productions. This is also the last post-1974 Rankin/Bass library by Warner Bros. The film was finished in 1985, but its television premiere was delayed several times. In this version the horse pulling the barge is the same horse who pulls Mr. Toad's caravan, Portly is Badger's nephew, and The Piper at the Gates of Dawn and Wayfarer's All chapters are included, although the events of Wayfarer's All occurs before the events of The Piper at the Gates of Dawn, and Raty actually leaves the Riverbank, only to be found later by Mole (alongside Portly).
Plot.
The "well-known and popular" Mr. Toad (voice of Charles Nelson Reilly), a conceited and impulsive animal, embarks on a madcap river voyage in a paddleboat, nearly shipwrecking his friend Ratty (voice of Roddy McDowall) who is out for a leisurely row. At the same time, Toad whelms the entrance to the subterranean home of the Mole (voice of Eddie Bracken). So disturbed, Moley comes above ground for the first time in his life, and is positively amazed by the surface world. At once he meets Ratty, who invites him to come along on his river cruise ("Messing Around in Boats"). All too soon, Toad returns and recklessly washes Ratty's boat ashore again.
Ratty resolves to have it out with Toad. On the way downriver to Toad Hall, he and Moley pass Badger (voice of Jose Ferrer), who is tending his land on the riverbank. Despite their friendly greetings, Badger gruffly reminds them that he is not the most social of animals and retreats. At Toad Hall, Ratty and Moley find that Toad (true to his form) has tired of boating and instead developed an appetite for overnight wagoneering. Not one to take no for an answer, Toad invites them to come along on his first trip, but they find that he has planned the journey terribly, including forgetting to pack any food ("We Don't Have Any Paté de Foie Gras"). Toad shrugs off the criticism. The next day, their wagon is almost wrecked by a passing motorcar while the horse runs away and gets lost, inspiring Toad to forget all about wagoneering and turn his undivided attention to motoring. Within days of buying his first car ("Messing Around in Cars"), his reckless driving demolishes it ("Mr. Toad").
Nearing winter, Moley wishes to visit Badger in spite of Ratty's remonstrations. While Ratty dozes, Moley slips out to dare the Wild Wood and call on Badger. But as he walks through the Wild Wood, his imagination gets the better of him; perceiving evil faces in the trees all around him, he is frightened into hiding. Ratty eventually finds him, but heading for home, they lose their way in falling snow. By pure chance they happen upon Badger's front door, and although Badger is at first annoyed by their call ("I Hate Company"), he has a change of heart and welcomes them in when he recognises them as friends.
Badger hears of Toad's automotive antics and decides to do something about it in the spring. When Toad still refuses to listen to reason, Badger orders him locked in his bedroom until he comes to his senses. Nonetheless, Toad still longs for the open road ("Messing Around in Cars Reprise"), and tricks Ratty into leaving him alone in the house. He escapes his exile, makes his way to a nearby village and promptly makes off with another motorcar, which he just as promptly wrecks. After insulting a responding police officer, Toad is taken to court and sentenced to 20 years in prison ("Guilty!") for his offenses.
Fortunately for Toad, the warden's daughter takes pity on him and helps him escape in the guise of a washerwoman. At first hitching a ride on a train, Toad finds the police in hot pursuit but is aided in his getaway by the engine driver. His next reprieve comes from a barge woman, but when he bungles a load of laundry, he angrily reveals himself to the barge woman and finds himself back on the road with his old caravan horse. There he encounters the very same motorcar whose theft landed him in prison; but in his disguise he fools the owners into letting him drive again. Lesson still not learned, he loses control of the car and barely survives.
In the meantime, Ratty, unaware of Toad's escape, writes him a letter detailing the takeover of Toad Hall by Wild Wood animals, principally weasels. While describing the ruin wrought on Toad Hall ("A Party That Never Ceases"), Ratty hears the news about Toad. Not long thereafter, an old wayfarer visits Ratty and tells him all about the world beyond the riverbank. Overcome with wanderlust, Ratty follows him, but aborts his adventure when he finds Badger's young nephew Portly lost in the woods. Moley finds them at the same time as Badger finds Toad washed up on the riverbank, ostensibly with the help of a mystical wood-spirit called Pan.
As part of the scheme to retake Toad Hall, Moley calls upon the stoats guarding the gate, using Toad's washerwoman disguise. He vastly exaggerates the battle plan, fooling the stoats into thinking that overwhelming forces are marching on Toad Hall. That night, Badger, Ratty, Moley and Toad sneak into Toad Hall via an old secret tunnel. Aided by the fear of Moley's warning, they deceive the weasels into surrendering and reclaim Toad Hall. Even though he has won the day, Toad acknowledges that his experiences have done away with his conceit and ignorance ("Mr. Toad Reprise"). He adopts a new philosophy of charity and friendship, assuring his friends that he has changed for better.

</doc>
<doc id="31058903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058903" title="CleanTech Park">
CleanTech Park

CleanTech Park is an eco-business park in Singapore, the first in that nation. Under development in three phases with a proposed completion year of 2030, the Park's first multi-tenanted building, CleanTech One, was opened in October 2010. The site is located adjacent to Nanyang Technological University, which plans an integration between the sites as part of its own expansion. In addition to focusing on hosting environmentally friendly industry, the complex is being developed by JTC Corporation with an eye towards environmentally responsible practices, with "green" buildings and maintenance of natural terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="31058904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058904" title="Buchanan Furnace">
Buchanan Furnace

The Buchanan Furnace is a historic iron furnace located in Licking Township, Clarion County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1844, and is a cold blast charcoal furnace measuring 30 feet by 33 feet at the base and 33 feet tall. It had a maximum production of 1,200 tons per year and was abandoned in 1858 because of a lack of timber to be used as fuel.
Thirty-one iron furnaces were built in Clarion County, mostly from 1840-1850. They supplied the region as well as the Pittsburgh rolling mills.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31058915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058915" title="Clarion County Courthouse and Jail">
Clarion County Courthouse and Jail

The Clarion County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse and jail located in Clarion, Clarion County, Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built between 1883 and 1885, and is a 3 1/2-story, brick Victorian structure with Classical details measuring 78 feet, 8 inches, wide and 134 feet deep. It has a 213 foot tall, 25 feet square, clock tower. The jail was built between 1873 and 1875, and is a half brick / half sandstone building, located behind the courthouse.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
History.
Two earlier courthouse were built on the site, the first was completed in 1843, the second in 1863. Both were built of brick and both were destroyed by fire. The second courthouse burned down on September 12, 1882. 
Sixteen contractors bid to construct the current courthouse, with bids ranging between $88,370 and $135,000. P.H. Melvin made the winning bid. Construction started on July 6, 1883 and was scheduled to be completed on November 16, 1884, but actual completion was on October 14, 1885. On January 27, 1885 Melvin was removed as contractor and the three bondsmen became acting contractors, retaining Melvin as superintendent of construction. Total completed cost was $126,936. Melvin later sued the county for $40,000, apparently unsuccessfully, for failure to comply with the contracted conditions.
The architect was E.M. Butz of Allegheny, Pennsylvania (now part of Pittsburgh) who designed the building in the Queen Anne style and the supervising architect was D. English of Brockville. Henry Warner of Allegheny painted the frescos. The floor tiling was laid by the Star Encaustic Tile Company of Pittsburgh and the Howard Clock Company of New York supplied the 9-foot diameter clock dial and the 1313 pound bell. A galvanized iron sculpture called the "Lady of Justice", standing 9 feet 11 inches tall on top of the clock tower, is of unknown origin.
Changes and renovations to courthouse include:
The "Lady of Justice" was restored in 1981. About 25 bullet holes were in the statue and her left arm was missing. The statue was restored by Ranochak & Company of Shelbyville, Indiana with a fiberglass coating and fiberglass backing inside the statue. During the restoration the statue's weight doubled to 250 pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="31058922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058922" title="GGPS, Bokaro">
GGPS, Bokaro

Guru Gobind Singh Public School or GGPS is an educational institute in Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand, India. It provides education from Nursery to Standard 12 under the C.B.S.E Board.
The school has a campus in Sector V, Bokaro Steel City. The indoor Games and the Gymnasium provide fitness to the staff and students of the school. The school's library is known as Mata Gujri Library in memory of Guru Gobind Singhji's mother Mata Gujri.
The school has two other branches, located in Chas and Dhanbad, both in Jharkhand state.

</doc>
<doc id="31058929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058929" title="Michael S. Gottlieb">
Michael S. Gottlieb

Michael Stuart Gottlieb (born 1947) is an American physician and immunologist known for his 1981 identification of acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) as a new disease, and for his HIV/AIDS researcher, HIV/AIDS activist, and philanthropist efforts associated with HIV/AIDS treatment.
Biography.
A native of Highland Park, New Jersey, he graduated from the Rutgers Preparatory School (1965) and Rutgers University (1969). He graduated from the University of Rochester School of Medicine (1973) and trained in internal medicine at Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, New York. Following a fellowship in immunology at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, in 1980 Gottlieb accepted an assistant professor of medicine position at the UCLA School of Medicine in Los Angeles.
Identification of AIDS.
Beginning in January,1981, Gottlieb, then thirty-three, and several colleagues identified an apparent novel immunologic condition in homosexual men; the condition had common features of cytomegalovirus infection, pneumocystis pneumonia, mucosal candidiasis and Kaposi's sarcoma, all conditions found rarely outside of immunosuppressed patients. Gottlieb reported an initial five patient series in the June 5, 1981, "Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report" and published a more detailed report in December, 1981, in the "New England Journal of Medicine". The New England Journal paper included the first description of the CD-4 T cell deficiency which is the immunologic hallmark of HIV infection. The work of Gottlieb and others suggested that these patients had an acquired immunodeficiency, characterized by depressed T-lymphocyte numbers and function, allowing for potentially fatal opportunistic infections. Initially, the researchers termed the disease Gay-Related Immune Deficiency (GRID); in 1982 this syndrome became known as AIDS, a consequence of infection by Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Physician Joel Weisman was one of Gottlieb's early collaborators in the identification of AIDS. Weisman's practice treated a large number of gay men, some of whom were among the first identified AIDS patients.
Gottlieb was Rock Hudson's doctor following the actor's AIDS diagnosis until his death in 1985. He was also physician to the late Elizabeth Glaser, co-founder of the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation (EGPAF). In 1987 he resigned from the full-time UCLA faculty, and established a private practice of internal medicine and clinical immunology. In the period 1981-1987 he published 50+ papers on various aspects of HIV infection and treatment. He was an investigator on the early clinical trials of AZT that led to approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1987. Gottlieb was the Principal Investigator on a 10.3 million dollar National Institutes of Health contract for an AIDS Clinical Trials Group (ACTG) awarded to UCLA to test potential therapies for HIV. His work in the early years of the epidemic is chronicled in Randy Shilts' book "And the Band Played On".
AIDS research philanthropy.
Gottlieb, Elizabeth Taylor and Mathilde Krim were founding chairs of the American Foundation for AIDS Research. The organization was established with a $250,000 gift from the estate of Rock Hudson. He served on the boards of AIDS Project Los Angeles (APLA), the Pasadena AIDS Services Center and the Global AIDS Interfaith Alliance (www.thegaia.org), an NGO working in Malawi, Africa.
Clinical practice.
Gottlieb is certified with the American Board of Medical Specialties in Internal Medicine and Allergy & Immunology. He is affiliated with two hospitals, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and the Olympia Medical Center where he is Committee Chairman of Bioethics. He continues on the faculty of the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA with the rank of Associate Clinical Professor of Medicine.
In 1989 Gottlieb and two other physicians were sent letters of reprimand by the Medical Board of California for "allegedly over-prescribing controlled substances" to actress Elizabeth Taylor.
Gottlieb received and responded to a warning letter in 2005 from the Food and Drug Administration regarding errors and inconsistencies in the testing of an investigational HIV-1 rapid diagnostic test
In 1997 Gottlieb was inducted into the Rutgers University Hall of Distinguished Alumni, and in 2007 he was awarded the Charles Force Hutchison and Marjorie Smith Hutchison Medal by the University of Rochester.

</doc>
<doc id="31058930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058930" title="Bridge in Nicholson Township">
Bridge in Nicholson Township

The Bridge in Nicholson Township is a historic lenticular truss bridge located in Nicholson Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1876, and measures long. It spans Tunkhannock Creek.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31058933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058933" title="Anthony Bushby Bacon">
Anthony Bushby Bacon

Anthony Bushby Bacon (also known as Anthony Bushby or Anthony Smith or, occasionally, Anthony Bacon II; and, as a child, William Addison) (1772 - 11 August 1827) was a British industrialist turned landed gentleman.
Anthony was the eldest of the five illegitimate children of Anthony Bacon, the prominent Welsh ironmaster, by Mary Bushby of Gloucestershire. All were still minors when their father died. In his father's will, Anthony Junior was left his main estate at Cyfarthfa in Glamorgan, including the ironworks, and also half of the nearby Hirwaun works. His three younger brothers and single sister also received shares in their father's property. However, upon coming of age, Anthony seems to have had little desire to continue his father's business and he leased the Cyfarthfa ironworks to Richard Crawshay. In 1806, he sold his share of the Hirwaun works to his brother, Thomas, and, with the proceeds, he bought the Mathews' estate at Aberaman, also in Glamorgan, where he lived when in Wales. However, he later also held lands in Berkshire. About 1811, he rented Benham Park in Speen. He later purchased Elcot Park in Kintbury. When he died in 1827, he was buried in the family vault at Shaw-cum-Donnington near his brother's home at Donnington Castle House. Anthony's Aberaman estate later came into the possession of Crawshay Bailey. He married Elizabeth, the daughter and sole heiress of Richard Ramsbottom MP of Woodside House at Old Windsor in Berkshire, and they had eleven children together: Gen. Anthony, Col. Charles, George William, Richard Thomas, Philip, Elizabeth (who married Thomas Thornhill), Mary, Fanny, Emily (who married Thomas Peers Williams, Father of the House of Commons), Henry and William.

</doc>
<doc id="31058941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058941" title="Odonax">
Odonax

Odonax was a genus of Early Devonian (Early Emsian) Zosterophyll with branching axes.
It bore kidney-shaped sporangia and spiny branches.

</doc>
<doc id="31058968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058968" title="Chhajje Chhajje Ka Pyaar">
Chhajje Chhajje Ka Pyaar

Chhajje Chhajje Ka Pyaar is an Indian television series that aired on Sony TV February 28–July 26, 2011. The story is about a romantic love experience on the terrace of old Delhi between the daughter of a homeowner and the son of tenant. The series portrays culture, lifestyle and tradition of old Delhi. 
Plot.
Based in Delhi, this story deals with two families, the Sehgals and the Tripathiis, living under the same roof as owners and tenants. There are colorful characters sharing emotions and bonds of friendship, animosity, love, hate, conspiracy, trust and respect.
The story starts with Ginny and Dhruv, who are best friends and share a love-hate relationship. Through them we establish the rest of the family members. Dhruv’s youngest sister Megha gets married. At the sangeet ceremony Dimpy (Ginny’s elder sister) and Daksh (Dhruv’s elder brother) perform on a song. This gives an idea to the fathers and they convince their wives to get the two married. However, on the wedding day, Daksh ditches the wedding and gets married to his manipulative boss, who plays the villain's role.
All the while, Ginny and Dhruv fall in love with each other but can't tell their family members because they are waiting for the right time. In a twist, their families decide to get Dhruv and Dimpy married, thinking Dhruv will keep her happy, which brings Dhruv's and Ginny's love to a complete halt. Ginny decides to sacrifice her love for the sake of her older sister. Dhruv is not happy about this but he silently agrees to get married to Dimpy despite still being in love with Ginny. Thus, the wedding preparations begin. They get married and Lipika will ruin everything.
After a while, Dimpy gets to know about Dhruv and Ginny's sacrifice. She decides to divorce Dhruv so he can stay happily with Ginny. But Dhruv refuses to divorce her and tells Dimpy that he wants to give their relationship one more chance. He explains her that no one will be happy after their divorce: neither him nor Ginny, not even Dimpy nor the family members.
In the last episode, Dimpy keeps fast for Dhruv's well being. Ginny feels happy to see everybody happy. A new neighbour comes from his chajja to their chajja and introduces himself as Rohan. He starts flirting with Ginny and Pammi Aunty tells Ginny that the lad is very good.

</doc>
<doc id="31058971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058971" title="Princess Sophie of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld">
Princess Sophie of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld

Princess Sophie of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld (Sophie Fredericka Caroline Louise; 19 August 1778 – 9 July 1835) was a princess of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, and the sister of Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and King Leopold I of Belgium, and aunt of Queen Victoria. By marriage, she was a Countess of Mensdorff-Pouilly.
She was born in Coburg, the eldest child of Francis, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Countess Augusta Reuss of Ebersdorf. She met her future husband, Emmanuel von Mensdorff-Pouilly, at Schloss Fantaisie, a meeting place for French emigrants. They married on 23 February 1804 in Coburg. Her husband was elevated to count in 1818.
In 1830, she published her romantic collection of fairy tales, "Mährchen und Erzählungen". Sophie received the Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Catherine.
Princess Sophie died in Tuschimitz, Bohemia.
Family.
Emmanuel and Sophie had six sons:

</doc>
<doc id="31058977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058977" title="Milgram v. Orbitz">
Milgram v. Orbitz

In Milgram v. Orbitz Worldwide, LLC, the New Jersey Superior Court held that online ticket resellers qualified for immunity under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA), and that such immunity preempted a state law consumer fraud statute. The opinion clarified the court's test for determining whether a defendant is acting as a publisher, the applicability of the CDA to e-commerce sites, and the extent of control that an online intermediary may exercise over user content without becoming an "information content provider" under the CDA. The opinion was hailed by one observer as a "rare defeat for a consumer protection agency" and the "biggest defense win of the year" in CDA § 230 litigation.
Background.
Factual background.
TicketNetwork was a software company that operated TicketNetwork Exchange, an "online marketplace" for ticket resales. Third-party sellers (ranging from individuals to professional ticket brokers) could list tickets for sale, and buyers could search for and purchase tickets directly from these sellers. At no point did TicketNetwork possess the actual tickets for sale. Orbitz Worldwide, LLC owned CheapTickets and operated CheapTickets Exchange, an online marketplace site similar to the TicketNetwork Exchange. Orbitz entered an agreement with TicketNetwork that made CheapTickets' listings available on the TicketNetwork Exchange.
Although neither network guaranteed the accuracy of ticket listings or the availability of tickets, TicketNetwork's "Broker Guidebook" required sellers to accurately list the seat location printed on the tickets for sale, and prohibited the sale of tickets the seller did not own at the time of listing. TicketNetwork also guaranteed buyers on its Exchange a row and seat equal or better to the one purchased, and offered a full reimbursement if the tickets did not arrive in time or were not valid.
The New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs began investigating online ticket resellers following a newspaper report that online resellers were offering tickets to a Bruce Springsteen concert a week before the show's tickets were publicly available. An investigator visited the CheapTickets site six days before the public on-sale date and purchased two tickets. When the tickets arrived, the issuing authority confirmed that they had been printed and sold several days after the investigator ordered them, on the public on-sale date.
Following the investigation, Attorney General Anne Milgram filed suit against five online ticket resellers for violations of New Jersey's Consumer Fraud Act and the state's Advertising Regulations. Milgram called the resellers' practices "plain fraud," arguing that "can’t tell consumers that you have a ticket to sell when in fact you do not have that ticket." Two of the resellers settled out-of-court, but Orbitz and TicketNetwork moved to dismiss the state's complaint, claiming immunity under a provision of the Communications Decency Act of 1996.
Legal background.
New Jersey's Consumer Fraud Act § 56:8-2 makes it unlawful to use "any unconscionable commercial practice, deception, fraud, false pretense... misrepresentation" intending that others will rely upon such representations "in connection with the sale or advertisement of any merchandise or real estate." The Advertising Regulations promulgated pursuant to the Consumer Fraud Act provide specific rules concerning many types of advertisement, including those involving the resale of tickets.
After the New York Supreme Court found an online service provider liable for defamation because of anonymous bulletin board posts made by its customers in "Stratton Oakmont, Inc. v. Prodigy Services Co.", Congress added an immunity provision to the CDA to avoid such third party liability in the future. Section 230(c)(1) of the CDA reads: "No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider." Section 230(e)(3) establishes that this immunity provision preempts any inconsistent causes of action established under state or local law.
Arguments.
New Jersey alleged that Orbitz and TicketNetwork committed acts of deception, fraud, misrepresentation, and other violations of the Consumer Fraud Act by advertising tickets for sale that they could not have possessed at the time they were listed, some of which referred to seats that did not exist in the concert venue. The state also claimed that Orbitz and TicketNetwork violated applicable regulations by "falsely implying that they had possession and control over the advertised tickets" and by advertising tickets for sale prior to general public availability and tickets to seats that did not exist in the concert venue.
As a defense, Orbitz and TicketNetwork argued that they were providers of an interactive computer service and their users were information content providers, so the § 230(c)(1) immunity provision preempted plaintiffs' state law claims. The state responded that Orbitz and TicketNetwork were ineligible for § 230(c)(1) immunity because the state law claims treated them as "commercial actors" rather than publishers or speakers, and because their active participation in the creation of the ticket listings qualified them as "information content providers" rather than merely "interactive computer services."
Opinion of the court.
Providers of an interactive computer service?
The court found "no issue" with the claim that the defendants qualify as providers of an interactive computer service under the CDA. It cited several cases for the proposition that the category includes website operators, then concluded that this issue required "no further discussion."
Commercial actors or publishers?
The court held that the defendants' status as "commercial actors" did not deny them the protections of the CDA. The court began its discussion of this issue with a reminder that, although CDA immunity is most often used to preempt defamation claims, it has also been applied to a variety of other causes of action including housing anti-discrimination laws and negligent publication of advertisements. In the court's view, the title or wording of the cause of action is not dispositive of whether a defendant is acting as a "publisher or speaker." Rather, CDA § 230(c)(1) precludes liability where "the duty that the plaintiff alleges the defendant violated derives from the defendant's status or conduct as a 'publisher or speaker.'"
As such, the court rejected the plaintiffs' argument that the CDA did not apply because its claims treated the defendants as "commercial actors." It compared the argument to one rejected in "Barnes v. Yahoo!", and quoted the Ninth Circuit court's explanation that the CDA covers "any activity that can be boiled down to deciding whether to exclude material that third parties seek to post online." The court went on to cite "Donato v. Moldow", a New Jersey appellate decision holding that the CDA's language was intended to "promote the development of e-commerce" and prevent websites from being taken down by litigation. Therefore, the court concluded that the defendants' activity fell "squarely within the CDA's purview."
Information content providers?
The court rejected the state's argument that Orbitz and TicketNetwork were information content providers for the purposes of CDA § 230 immunity. First, the court discussed two other CDA § 230 cases: "Donato", mentioned above, and "Carafano v. Metrosplash.com, Inc." The plaintiff in "Donato" argued that the defendant became an information content provider by selectively deleting certain posts from the bulletin board he operated, thereby shaping the content of the forum. The New Jersey Appellate Division court disagreed, finding that the defendant exercised "a publisher's traditional editorial functions," which are "the very conduct Congress chose to immunize by § 230," and held that he qualified for immunity. In "Carafano", the defendant operated a dating website that required users to fill in a standard form, including several multiple-choice questions, in order to complete their profiles. The plaintiff argued that, by determining in advance which answers its users could choose, the defendant participated in the "development" of the information, making him an information content provider. The Ninth Circuit court rejected this theory, holding that a defendant's editing or selection do not render him a provider as long as the "essential" content is provided by a third party.
Next, the court examined the control that Orbitz and TicketNetwork exercised over their sites' content. Orbitz's control was largely formal, with requirements as to where Orbitz's name, logos, and other design elements should be located, but Orbitz also retained the ability to insert certain links and request removal of content. TicketNetwork provided payment services, customer service, and confirmation emails, and performed some level of verification of events and brokers.
Finally, the court concluded that the Orbitz and TicketNetwork were not information content providers. In its view, the defendants' actions were "nothing more than the exercise of a publisher's traditional editorial functions," as in "Donato" and "Carafano". The inaccurate/misleading ticket information originated not from defendants, but from third-party sellers. The court distinguished "Fair Housing Council of San Fernando Valley v. Roommates.com, LLC", a case in which the defendant service was denied CDA § 230 immunity because it was "actively participating in the objectionable content" by requiring users to provide certain information in violation of a state anti-discrimination statute in order to register. Here, the objectionable content complained of (the fraudulent listings) was not supplied, required, or requested by the defendants, who provided a mere interface that did not violate any laws in and of itself. The court also distinguished "NPS LLC v. StubHub, Inc.", another case involving online ticket sales, because the defendants in that case "materially contributed to the illegal 'ticket scalping' of its sellers."
Disposition.
The court granted the defendants' motions for summary judgment, finding that they "help to create and maintain a vibrant, competitive, market" for consumers of travel and concert tickets shopping online, consistent with Congress's intent in enacting § 230 of the CDA.

</doc>
<doc id="31058992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058992" title="Noxen School">
Noxen School

The Noxen School, also known as Noxen High School, is a historic school building located in Noxen Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1897, and is a 2 1/2-story, "T"-shaped frame building. It has a two classroom addition built in 1922. Originally built as a grade school, it was used as the high school from 1902 to 1951. It then housed an elementary school until closed in 1976. It has since been used for a variety of commercial and institutional purposes. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31058999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31058999" title="Polythecophyton">
Polythecophyton

Polythecophyton was a genus of Early Devonian aneurophyte with branching axes, drooping, many-branched sporangia, but no trace of a vascular system. It grew to several centimetres in length, and its axes were almost a centimeter across.

</doc>
<doc id="31059003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059003" title="Dukan Diet">
Dukan Diet

The Dukan Diet, is a diet plan originating in France. It is a protein-based diet designed by French doctor Pierre Dukan. Although Dukan has been promoting his diet for over 30 years, it gained greater popularity after publication of his book in 2000. His book "The Dukan Diet" has sold more than 7 million copies globally. The book has since been translated into 14 languages and published in 32 countries. "The Dukan Diet" was released in the United Kingdom in May 2010, and in the United States in April 2011.
As with some other diet plans, Dukan has launched an online coaching service, as well as online shops.
History.
In 1975, Pierre Dukan was a general practitioner in Paris when he was first confronted with a case of obesity. At the time, being overweight or obese was thought to be best treated by low calorie and small sized meals. Dukan thought of an alternative way to prevent patients from regaining their lost weight. He designed a new approach in 4 phases, including stabilisation and consolidation. After more than 20 years of research Pierre Dukan published his findings in 2000 in his book "Je ne sais pas maigrir" ("I don't know how to get slimmer") which became a best seller.
In July 2011 a French court ruled against Dukan in his attempt to sue rival nutritionist Jean-Michel Cohen for libel, after Cohen had criticised his method in the press.
Stages.
The diet is based on a list of over 100 allowed foods, as well as four specific "ground pillars" also known as "phases": attack, cruise, consolidation, and stabilization.
The "attack" phase is designed to enable dieters to rapidly lose in 2–7 days by kick-starting their metabolism. Dieters are allowed to eat as much as they want of 68 protein-rich foods.
The "cruise" phase is designed to allow dieters to more gradually achieve the weight they aim for by eating protein-rich foods with the addition of 28 specific vegetables (but avoiding those especially starchy or fatty, e.g., potatoes or avocados). The length of this phase is usually calculated as of weight loss per week, but this is based on specific personal conditions. Tolerated foods are also allowed as per the programme, but any weight gain will ban some of these.
The "consolidation" phase is designed to help in preventing any future massive weight gain. During this phase, fruit, bread, cheese and starchy foods are reintroduced into a normal diet, leaving two celebratory meals a week as directed by the plan.
Finally, in the "stabilization" phase, dieters can essentially eat whatever they want without gaining weight by following a few rules: protein day once a week, eating oat bran every day and making a commitment to "take the stairs". According to Dukan, dieters shall follow this last phase for the rest of their life to avoid regaining weight. Of course the glycemic index (on a scale from 1 to 100) of the kind of carbohydrate consumed is also of importance (see the GI diet).
Exposure in the UK media.
On May 14, 2010, BBC Radio 4 broadcast a 10 minute 3 sided interview/discussion, conducted by Jenni Murray, and including Dr Dukan on "Woman's Hour", examining and evaluating the diet's strategy.
The French magazine "L'Express'" list of the top 20 non-fiction books for the week of December 27, 2010 ranked "La Méthode Dukan Illustrée" in 19th place.
Channel Four included the Dukan Diet in the program "Will my crash diet kill me?" on 26 January 2011.
In 2010, 2011 and 2012, The British Dietetic Association named the Dukan Diet the number 1 diet to avoid.

</doc>
<doc id="31059005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059005" title="Old White Mill">
Old White Mill

The Old White Mill, also known as Sterling Mill and Pinnock Mill, is a historic grist mill located at Meshoppen, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1852, and is a 5 1/2-story, banked frame structure. It measures , sits on a stone foundation, and has a gable roof. It contains original milling equipment. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31059012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059012" title="Top Gear (series 17)">
Top Gear (series 17)

The seventeenth series of British motoring programme "Top Gear" began on BBC Two and BBC HD, on 26 June 2011, with the usual presenting team of Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, James May and The Stig.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude> 
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31059025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059025" title="County roads in Pine County, Minnesota">
County roads in Pine County, Minnesota

The following is an incomplete list of county-maintained roads in Pine County, Minnesota, United States.
Within Pine County, a County Road (CR) is referred to as a "Highway" if a sealed road and "Road" if an improved road. Though some of them are county state aid highways (CSAH), all Pine County roads and highways bear the black and white standard square shield for County Routes rather than having the CSAH bearing the blue and gold pentagonal M1-6 shield for those that are CSAH designated routes.
The procedure of Pine County referring to the plurality of its county routes as a "county highway" rather than a "county road" is an anomaly in Minnesota; whereas with most other counties in Minnesota, the opposite method is followed for addressing the name of a county route.
CR 1–CR 25.
County Highway 1 is a discontinuous road that serves Greeley and Royalton Township. The southern segment is a continuation of "Rush Lake Trail" (Chisago CR 1), from the county line, generally heading northwest for approximately on "Greeley Road" through Greeley, then north for to State Highway 70 (MN 70). The northern segment of County Highway 1 resumes approximately east of the terminus of the southern segment on Highway 70, and heads north along "Woodland Road", to the intersection with "Brunswick Road" (CR 5), approximately . "Woodland Road" continues as County Road 115.
County Highway 2 is a road that serves Rock Creek. The road begins at the intersection of County Road 3 and County Road 104, on "560th Street", head west for , terminating at State Highway 361 (MN 361). "560th Street" continues west as County Road 109.
County Highway 3 is a road that serves Rock Creek and Pine City Township. The road begins at the intersection of County Road 2 and County Road 104, on "Maple Avenue", head north for , becoming "Maple Grove Road", continuing north for , head west for along "Russell Road", and then head north for along "Milburn Road", terminating at County Road 8.
County Highway 4 is a road that serves Rock Creek and Pine City Township. The road begins at State Highway 70 (MN 70), on "Government Road", generally heading north for approximately , terminating at County Road 8.
County Road and Highway 5 is a road that serves Pine City Township and Royalton Township. County Road 5 begins at County Road 23, on "Gold Avenue", heads west for , heads south on "Emerald Street" for , heads west on "Diamond Avenue" for , heads south on "Ruby Street" for , then heads west on "Pearl Avenue" for to the intersection with County Road 6 and County Road 115. Becoming County Highway 5, the road continues southwest on "Brunswick Road" for to the intersection of County Road 1 and County Road 115 at "Woodland Road". Again, becoming County Road 5, the road generally heads west for approximately and continues as "133rd Avenue" (Kanabec CR 28).
County Highway 6 is a road that serves Pine City Township and Royalton Township. The road begins as a continuation of County Road 5 on "Brunswick Road", heads north for and terminates at "Pokegama Lake Road" (CR 7).
County Highway 7 is a road that serves Pine City, Pine City Township, Royalton Township, Pokegama Township and Grasston. The approximately road begins as continuation "Pine Street" (Kanabec CR 23) in Grasston, which becomes "Pokegama Lake Road" upon entering Pine County. "Pokegama Lake Road" generally heads east and north until reaching its intersection with Interstate Highway 35, enters Pine City as "Hillside Avenue Southwest", and terminates at its intersection with "Main Street" (CR 61). Though the short segment of Pine Street in Grasston between the county line and State Highway 107 (MN 107) is designated as Kanabec CR 23, the sign for the short segment is that of Pine CR 7. The segment within Pine City was originally signed as former State Highway 324 (MN 324) until 2003.
County Highway 8 is a road that serves Pine City Township and Pine City. The approximately road begins at the intersection of "Ravine Road" (CR 117) and "St. Croix Road" (CR 118), heads west into Pine City on "St. Croix Road", then on "St. Croix Road Southeast", heads north on "2nd Street Southeast", heads west on "3rd Avenue Southeast", and terminating at "6th Street" (CR 61).
County Highway 9 is a road that serves Pine City, Pine City Township, Chegwatana Township and Pokegama Township, Pine County, Minnesota. The road begins at "St. Croix Road Southeast" (CR 8) in Pine City, heads out of Pine City on "East Cross Lake Road", generally heads northeast on "Cross Lake Road" for approximately along portions of former Point Douglas to Superior Military Road, then north for , terminating at "Beroun Crossing Road" (CR 14).
County Highway 10 is a road that serves Chengwatana. The road begins at the intersection of "Cross Lake Road" (CR 9) and "Forest Road", heads east for approximately on "Forest Road", heads north on "Evergreen Road" for , and terminates at its intersection with "Beroun Crossing Road" (CR 14 / CR 128).
County Highway 11 is a road that serves Pine City, Pokegama Township and Henriette. The road begins at the intersection of County Highway 61 and "Henriette Road", heads northwest on "Henriette Road" for approximately and heads west for approximately . The road heads south along State Highway 107 (MN 107) in Henriette, then continues west for to the county line, and continues as "195th Avenue" (Kanabec CR 1).
County Road 12 is a road that serves Pokegama Township and Henriette. The road begins at the intersection of "Pokegama Lake Road" (CR 7) with "Auburn Road", heads north on "Auburn Road" for , heads west and north into Henriette, heads west on "5th Avenue Southeast", heads north on "Main Street" and terminates at "Henriette Road" (CR 11).
County Highway and Road 13 is a road that serves Pokegama Township, Brook Park Township and Brook Park. The route begins at the intersection of "Pokegama Lake Road" (CR 7) and "Brook Park Road", generally heads north on "Brook Park Road" for into Brook Park, continues north on "3rd Stree"t for and heads west for on "2nd Avenue". Upon leaving Brook Park, the road continues north as a County Road for on "Brook Park Road", and then continues as "Usher Street" (Kanabec CR 20).
County Highway 14 is a road that serves Chengwatana Township, Munch Township, Pokegama Township, Beroun, Mission Creek Township and Brook Park Township. The road begins at the intersection of "Brook Park Road" (CR 13) and "Beroun Crossing Road", heads east on "Beroun Crossing Road" for , and terminates at the intersection of "Beroun Crossing Road" (CR 14 / CR 128) and "Evergreen Road" (CR 10).
County Highway 15 is a road that serves Munch Township, Mission Creek Township, Barry Township and Hinckley. The road begins at the intersection of "Beroun Crossing Road" (CR 14) with "Hinckley Road", heads north on "Hinckley Road" for into Hinckley and terminates at State Highway 48 (MN 48).
County Road 16 is a road that serves Mission Creek Township. The road begins at the intersection of County Highway 61 with "Cross Park Road", heads east on "Cross Park Road" for , and terminates at its intersection with "Hinckley Road" (CR 15).
County Road and Highway 17 is a road that serves Mission Creek Township, Hinckley Township and Dell Grove Township. The southern segment of the road begins at State Highway 23 (MN 23) on "Sunny Hill Road", heads north for , heads east on "Bear Road" for , heads north for on "Fox Road". The road continues north as a County Highway for before reverting to a County Road, and continues north for , terminating at "Grindstone Lake Road" (CR 27). The northern segment begins on "Grindstone Lake Road" (CR 27), north of the terminus of the southern segment, continues north on the northern segment of "Fox Road" for before it terminates at "Groningen Road" (CR 28).
County Highway 18 is a road that serves Hinckley and Hinckley Township. The road begins in Hinckley at the intersection of "Craig Avenue" and "Old Highway 61" (CR 61) with "2nd Street Northwest", heads west for , continues west on "Dahl Road" to the county line. The road continues west as "300th Avenue" (Kanabec CR 3).
County Road 19 is a road that serves Munch Township and Barry Township. The road begins at the intersection "Wildlife Road" (CR 20) with "Townline Road", heads east on "Townline Road" for , south on "Kettle River Road" for , heads east on "Fishtail Road" for , and terminates at its intersection with "Cloverdale Road" (CR 21).
County Road and Highway 20 is a road that serves Barry Township and Sandstone Township. The County Road begins at the intersection of "Fishtail Road" (CR 19) with "Wildlife Road", heads north on "Wildlife Road" for to State Highway 48 (MN 48). The road continues north as a County Highway for before reverting to a County Road, then continues to head north for , heads west for on "Klejeski Road" and terminates at its intersection with "Prison Road" (CR 29).
County Highway and Road 21 is a road that serves Crosby Township and Arlone Township. The County Highway begins at the intersection of "Fishtail Road" (CR 19) with "Cloverdale Road", heads north on "Cloverdale Road" for to "Duxbury Road" (CR 30). The road continues north as a County Road for and terminates at its intersection with "Rutabaga Road" (CR 32).
County Highway and Road 22 is a road that serves Crosby Township, Clover Township, Danforth Township, Fleming Township, Bruno Township and Bruno. The County Highway begins at St. Croix River at the former Fleming Landing now located in St. Croix State Park, generally heads west and north on "St. Croix Park Road", briefly heads east, concurrently on State Highway 48 (MN 48), continues to head generally north on "Fleming Logging Road". At its intersection with "Barns Spring Road", CR 22 becomes County Road 22 and continues to generally head north to "Duxbury Road" (CR 30), where it briefly heads west concurrently with CR 30, then heads north to "Rutabaga Road" (CR 32), heads west concurrently with CR 32 or , heads north as County Highway 22 for , terminating at its intersection with "Main Street" (CR 44).
County Highway 23 is a road that serves Rock Creek and Pine City Township. It begins as a continuation of "Falcon Avenue" (Chisago CR 9), heads north on "Falcon Avenue", heads east on "570th Street", heads north on "Fairway Road", and terminating at its intersection with "Pokegama Lake Road" (CR 7).
County Highway and Road 24 is a road that serves Ogema Township, Wilma Township and New Dosey Township. It begins as a County Highway at the intersection of State Highway 48 (MN 48) with "Tamarack River Road", generally heads north on "Tamarack River Road" for . Becoming County Road 24, the route continues north for , heads east , heads north and terminating at its intersection with "Rutabaga Road" (CR 32).
County Highway 25 is a road that serves Arna Township and Wilma Township. It begins at the Minnesota-Wisconsin border at the intersection of "State Line Road" with "Markville Road", generally heads west and north on "Markville Road", and terminates at its intersection with "Tamarack River Road" (CR 24).
CR 26–CR 50.
County Highway and Road 26 is a road that serves Dell Grove Township and Friesland. The County Road begins as a continuation of "340th Avenue" (Kanabec CR 29) when it enters Pine County as "Friesland Road", heads east for , becomes a County Highway, continues east for an additional , terminating at its intersection with "Old Highway 61" (CR 61).
County Highway 27 is a road that serves Dell Grove Township. The County Highway begins as a continuation of "355th Avenue" (Kanabec CR 21) when it enters Pine County as "Grindstone Lake Road", heads east for , briefly heads north for , continues to head east for another , terminating at the interchange with "Old Highway 61"/"Lake Road" (CR 61) and "Finlayson Road" (CR 35), west of Sandstone.
County Highway 28 is a road that serves Dell Grove Township and Sandstone Township. The County Highway begins as a continuation of "380th Avenue" (Kanabec CR 30) when it enters Pine County as "Groningen Road", heads east for , heads south for , terminating at its intersection with "Lake Road" (CR 61), west of Sandstone.
County Highway 29 is a road that serves Sandstone Township and Sandstone. Located on the southwestern border of the city, the road is routed the entire length of "Prison Road", connecting the Federal Correctional Institution, Sandstone, with State Highway 123 (MN 123).
County Highway 30 is a road that serves Sandstone Township, Danforth Township, Wilma Township and Duxbury. The route begins at its intersection with State Highway 123 (MN 123), heads east on "Duxbury Road" for , terminating at its intersection with "Tamarack River Road" (CR 24). "Duxbury Road" continues eastward as County Road 141.
County Road 31 is a road that serves Markville, Arna Township, New Dosey Township and Cloverton. It begins at its intersection with "Markville Road" (CR 25), heads north for on "Cloverton Road", and terminates at its intersection with "Rutabaga Road" (CR 32).
County Highway and Road 32 is a road that serves Askov, Partridge Township, Fleming Township, New Dosey Township and Cloverton. The County Highway begins at its intersection with State Highway 23 (MN 23), heads east on "Brogade" in Askov, continues to head east on "Guvernors Vej", and upon leaving Askov continues to head west on "Rutabaga Road" until its intersection with "Wolf Creek Road" (CR 22 / CR 146). At this point, the road becomes a County Road, continues to head east for , heads south for and heads east . Upon entering Cloverton on "Rutabaga Road", the road again becomes a County Highway and continues east for approximately another into Wisconsin, continuing as Douglas CR T, heading into Cozy Corner.
County Highway and Road 33 is a road that serves Askov, Partridge Township, Norman Township, Kettle River Township and Rutledge. The County Highway begins at its intersection with CR 32 in Askov, heads northeast on "Brogade", heads north on "H.C. Andersensalle", upon leaving Askov, continues north for on "Beavertail Road", becomes a County Road, continues heading north for , heads west on "Swanson Road" for , heads generally north and west, terminating at its intersection with County Highway 61.
County Highway 34 is a road serving Finlayson, Finlayson Township, Groningen and Kettle River Township. It begins at its intersection with State Highway 18 (MN 18) in Finlayson, as a continuation of "Scotch Pine Road" (CR 144), heads north on "Scotch Pine Road", and terminates at its intersection with "Rutledge Road" (CR 39). "Scotch Pine Road" continues north as CR 151.
County Highway 35 is a road serving Dell Grove Township, Groningen, Pine Lake Township and Finlayson. It begins at the interchange with "Old Highway 61"/"Lake Road" (CR 61) and "Finlayson Road" (CR 27), heads north on "Finlayson Road", and terminates at its intersection with State Highway 18 (MN 18) in Finlayson.
County Highway 36 is a road serving Dell Grove Township and Pine Lake Township. It begins at its intersection with "Groningen Road" (CR 28), heads north on "Dell Road", heads east on "Korpi Road", becomes a County Highway and heads north on "Norway Spruce Road", and terminates at its intersection with "Rutledge Road" (CR 39). "Norway Spruce Road" continues north as (CR 150).
County Highway 37 is a short County Highway serving Pine Lake Township. It begins at its intersection with "100th Avenue"/"Big Pine Road" (CR 38), heads east on "Big Pine Cutoff", and terminates with its intersection with State Highway 18 (MN 18).
County Highway 38 is a short County Highway serving Pine Lake Township in Pine County and Wagner Township in Aitkin County. The County Highway continues north for on "100th Avenue" as a continuation of Aitkin CR 25, heads north and east on "Big Pine Road", and terminates with its intersection with State Highway 18 (MN 18).
County Highway 39 is a County Highway serving Rutledge, Kettle River Township and Bremen Township. It begins in Rutledge at its intersection with "Pine Street" (CR 61), heads west on "Rutledge Road", and terminates at its intersection with "Norway Spruce Road" (CR 36/CR 150). "Norway Spruce Road" continues west, but without a highway designation.
County Road and Highway 40 is a road that serves, Bremen Township and Birch Creek Township, and Denham. It begins at its intersection with "Rutledge Road" (CR 39), heads north for on "Twin Oaks Road", heads west on "White Spruce Road", heads north on Denham Road. Heading east on Soo Line Road, CR 40 becomes a County Highway and enters Denham from the west, continues to head north on "Denham Road" to its intersection with "Farm to Market Road" (CR 46), returns to being a County Road, continues north for additional , and continues northward as Carlton CR 17.
County Highway and Road 41 is a road that serves Bremen Township, Kettle River Township and Willow River. The highway begins at its intersection with "Cross Street" (CR 61) in Willow River, generally heads west for approximately , becomes a road and continues west for , heads north on "Jones Road" for along the Pine and Aitkin county border. The road continues west as "220th Street" (Aitkin CR 2).
County Road 42 is a road that serves Kettle River Township and Sturgeon Lake Township. The road begins at the intersection of County Road 41 and "Scotch Pine Road", heads north on "Scotch Pine Road" for , and terminates at its intersection with "Denham Crossing Road" (CR 52).
County Highway 43 is a road that serves Bruno, Bruno Township, Norman Township, Kettle River Township and Willow River. The Highway begins in Bruno at the intersection of "Main Street" with State Highway 23 (MN 23), heads west on "Main Street", continues west and north for approximately , heads west across Interstate Highway 35 and enters into Willow River. The Highway terminates at its intersection with "Cross Street" (CR 61).
County Road 44 is a road that serves Bruno Township. The Highway begins in Bruno at the intersection of "Main Street" with State Highway 23 (MN 23), heads east on "Main Street", heads north on "Spruce Street", heads northeast and east on "Wild Haven Road" for approximately , north on "Norden Road" for , west on "Park Hills Road" for , and terminates at its intersection with "Park Hills Road" (CR 44 and CR 171) and "Shady Pine Road" (CR 45).
County Road 45 is a road that serves Bruno Township. The road begins at the intersection with "Park Hills Road" (CR 44 and CR 171) and "Shady Pine Road", heads north on "Shady Pine Road" for , and terminates at its intersection with "Kerrick Road" (CR 46 and CR 154).
County Highway and Road 46 is a road that serves Kerrick, Kerrick Township, Windemere Township, Sturgeon Lake, Sturgeon Lake Township and Birch Creek Township. The Highway begins at its intersection of "Kerrick Road" (CR 46 and CR 154) with "Shady Pine Road" (CR 45), heads generally west and north on "Kerrick Road", through Kerrick on "Main Street", continues to head north and west on "Deerfield Road" for approximately , heads north on "Military Road" for , generally head west on "Lakeland Road" for approximately into Sturgeon Lake and heads northwest and west to its intersection with "Main Street" (CR 61). Though official maps show the eastern segment terminating and the western segment resuming approximately south at the intersection of "Main Street" (CR 61) with "2nd Avenue", the signage in town indicates concurrent routing of County Highways 46 and 61 for that road segment. The western segment heads west on "2nd Avenue", heads south on "Market Street", heads northwest and west on "Bryan Street". Continuing out of Sturgeon Lake, county highway heads north and west for on "Farm to Market Road", becomes a county road and continues west on "Farm to Market Road" for to the Pine and Aitkin county border. Upon leaving the county, the road continues as "260th Street" (Aitkin CR 34).
County Highway and Road 47 is a road that serves Duquette and Kerrick Township. The county highway begins at its intersection with State Highway 23 (MN 23) and "Oak Leaf Road" in Duquette, heads northwest on "Oak Leaf Road" out of Duquette and becomes a county road. The county road continues to head west on "Oak Leaf Road" for , where it terminates at its intersection with "Willow Hay Road" (CR 49). The road continues west as "Oak Leaf Road" (CR 162).
County Highway 48 is a road that serves Kerrick Township, Pine County and Moose Lake Township, Carlton County. The route begins at the intersection of "Oak Leaf Road" (CR 47) and "Larson Road", heads north on "Larson Road" for , heads west on "Shadow Oak Road" for , heads north on "Oak Lake Road North" for , head west on "County Line Road" for , and terminates at the intersection of "County Line Road" (CR 48 / Carlton CR 10) and "Willow Hay Road" (CR 49) / "Red Hill Road" (Carlton CR 13).
County Road 49 is a road that serves Kerrick Township. The county road begins at the intersection of "Deerfield Road" (CR 46) with "Willow Hay Road", heads north for , and terminates at the intersection of "County Line Road" (CR 48 / Carlton CR 10) and "Willow Hay Road" (CR 49) / "Red Hill Road" (Carlton CR 13). The road continues north into Carlton County as "Red Hill Road" (Carlton CR 13).
County Highway 50 is a road that serves Windemere Township. The highway begins at the intersection of "Lakeland Road" (CR 46) and "Military Road" (CR 46 / CR 50), heads north on "Military Road" for , heads west on "North Shoreland Road" for approximately and terminates at its intersection with "East Frontage Road" (CR 51).
CR 51–CR 66.
County Highway 51 is a road that serves Windemere Township. The route begins its intersection with "Lakeland Road" (CR 46), heads north and northwest, paralleling Interstate Highway 35 on the east side on "East Frontage Road" and terminates at its intersection with "County Line Road" (Carlton CR 10).
County Highway and Road 52 is a road that serves Sturgeon Lake Township, Birch Creek Township and Denham. The route begins at the intersection of "Old Highway 61" (CR 61) with "Denham Crossing Road", generally heads west for on "Denham Crossing Road" into Denham, heads north on "Ballfield Road", heads west on "Old Creamery Road", heads north on "Edgewood Road", heads west on "Birch Valley Road", and terminates at its intersection with "Denham Road" (CR 40).
County Highway 53 is a road that serves Pokegama Township. The route begins at the intersection of "Pokegama Lake Road" (CR 7) and "Tigua Road", generally heads north and east on "Tigua Road", and terminates at its intersection with "Henriette Road" (CR 11).
County Highway 54 is a road that serves Mission Creek Township. The route begins at the intersection of "Beroun Crossing Road" (CR 14) with "Frontage Road", heads north on "Frontage Road" as it parallels on the west side of Interstate Highway 35, heads west on "Two Creek Road", heads north on "Wildwood Road", and terminates at its intersection with State Highway 23 (MN 23) between Brook Park and Hinckley.
County Highway and Road 55 is a road that serves Pine City and Pokegama Township. The route begins on the north end of Pine City, at the intersection of "6th Street" (CR 61) with "Airport Road", heads east on "Airport Road Northeast", heads north on "Airwaves Road Northeast", heads east on "Visions Road Northeast", heads north on "Crossway Road Northeast", heads west on "Everready Road", and terminates at its intersection with "County Highway 61".
County Highway 56 is a road that serves Kerrick Township. The route begins at the intersection of "Deerfield Road" (CR 46) and "Oake Lake Road South", heads north on "Oak Lake Road South" for , and terminates at its intersection with "Oak Leaf Road" (CR 47).
County Highway 60 is a road that serves Finlayson. The route begins at the intersection of State Highway 18 (MN 18) with "Broadway Street", heads south 1 block on "South Broadway Street", heads east 2 blocks on "Finland Avenue", heads north 1 block on "Front Street" and terminates at its intersection with MN 18.
County Highway 61 is a road that serves through Pine County, roughly paralleling Interstate Highway 35. The roadway is part of the former alignment of U.S. 61, and the stretch of the road between Rock Creek and Pine City was designated as part of State Highway 361 (MN 361) until it was turned back to Pine County maintenance in 2003. The approximately long road begins at State Highway 70 (MN 70) as a continuation of Highway 361 on "Forest Boulevard" in Rock Creek, heads north through Pine City Township on "County Highway 61" and Pine City on "Main Street", Pokegama Township, Beroun and Mission Creek Township on "County Highway 61", briefly heads west across the Interstate Highway 35 while running concurrently with State Highway 23 (MN 23), and then continues north on "Old Highway 61" through Hinckley Township and Hinckley. In Hinckley, a spur designated as CR 61 along "Monument Road" connecting the terminus of State Highway 48 (MN 48) at Interstate 35 with "Old Highway 61" (CR 61) also exists. County Highway 61 continues north along "Old Highway 61" through Barry Township, Dell Grove Township, then heads east on "Lake Road" through Sandstone Township, terminating at its intersection with Interstate 35 and MN 23. County Highway 61 continues north in Finlayson Township at its intersection with State Highway 18 (MN 18), east of Finlayson, passes through Rutledge, Kettle River Township, Willow River, Sturgeon Lake Township, Sturgeon Lake and Windemere Township. Pine County Highway 61 continues northward as Carlton County Road 61.
County Highway 62 is a road that serves Hinckley. The route begins at the intersection of "Monument Road" (CR 61) and "Lawler Avenue North", heads north on "Lawler Avenue North" for 7.5 blocks, and terminates at its intersection with "Old Highway 61" (CR 61).
County Highway 63 is a road that serves Brook Park. The route begins at the intersection of "3rd Street" (CR 13) with "2nd Avenue" (CR 13 / CR 131), heads north for 2 blocks on "3rd Street", and terminates at its intersection with State Highway 23 (MN 23).
County Highway 64 is a road that serves Sandstone. The route begins at the intersection of "Main Street" / State Highway 123 (MN 123) and "3rd Street" / Highway 123, heads north on "Main Street" for 5 blocks, and terminates at its intersection with "Oak Street" / Highway 23 (MN 23), "Lark Street" and "Railroad Avenue" / Highway 23.
County Highway 65 is a road that serves Pine City. The route begins at the intersection of "Main Street" (CR 61) and "8th Avenue", heads east on "East 8th Avenue" for 3 blocks, and terminates at its intersection with "2nd Street" (CR 8).
County Highway 66 is a road that serves Askov. The route begins at the intersection of "Brogade" (CR 33) and "Andersensalle" (CR 33), heads northeast on "Brogade" for 1 block, heads north for 2 blocks on "Købmagergade" and terminates at its intersection with State Highway 23 (MN 23).
CR 101–CR 125.
County Road 101 is a road that serves Royalton Township. The route begins as a continuation of "421st Avenue Northeast" (Isanti CR 54) when the road becomes "540th Street", heads east , then heads north along "Red Oak Road". The route terminates at the intersection of "Red Oak Road" with "Brunswick Road" (CR 5).
County Road 102 is a road that serves Royalton Township and Greeley. The route begins at the intersection of "Clint Road" with "Red Oak Road" (CR 101), heads east along "Clint Road", through Greeley along "Greeley Loop", then southeast concurrently on "Greeley Road" (CR 1), continuing east along "Farming Road", and terminating with its intersection with "Elmcrest Avenue" (CR 103).
County Road 103 is a road that serves Royalton Township, West Rock and Rock Creek. The route begins at the intersection of "540th Street" with "Elmcrest Avenue", heads north along "Elmcrest Avenue", east along "580th Street", north along "Ruby Road" and terminates at its intersection with "Pearl Avenue" (CR 5). "Ruby Road" continues north as County Road 5.
County Road 104 is a road that serves Rock Creek in two discontinuous segments. The western segment begins at the intersection of "550th Street" with "Elmcrest Avenue" (CR 103), heads east for along "550th Street", and terminates with its intersection with "Falcon Avenue" (CR 23). The eastern segment begins east at the intersecion of "550th Street" with "Forest Boulevard " / State Highway 361 (MN 361), heads east along "550th Street", heads north along "Maple Avenue", and terminates at its intersection with "560th Street" (CR 2). "Maple Avenue" continues as County Highway 3.
County Road 105-->
County Road 106-->
County Road 107-->
County Road 108-->
County Road 109-->
County Road 110-->
County Road 111-->
County Road 112-->
County Road 114-->
County Road 115-->
County Road 117-->
County Road 118-->
County Road 119-->
County Road 120-->
County Road 124-->
County Road 125-->
County Road 126-->
County Road 127-->
County Road 128-->
County Road 129-->
County Road 130-->
County Road 131-->
County Road 133-->
County Road 134-->
County Road 136-->
County Road 137-->
County Road 138-->
County Road 140-->
County Road 141-->
County Road 142-->
County Road 143-->
County Road 144-->
County Road 145-->
County Road 146-->
County Road 148-->
County Road 149-->
County Road 150-->
County Road 151-->
County Road 152-->
County Road 153-->
County Road 154-->
County Road 155-->
County Road 156-->
County Road 157-->
County Road 159-->
County Road 160-->
County Road 161-->
County Road 162-->
County Road 163-->
County Road 164-->
County Road 165-->
County Road 166-->
County Road 167-->
County Road 168-->
County Road 169-->
County Road 171-->
County Road 173-->
County Road 174-->

</doc>
<doc id="31059040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059040" title="Bridge in Gibson Borough">
Bridge in Gibson Borough

The Bridge in Gibson Borough in South Gibson, Pennsylvania is a stone arch bridge that crosses over Bell Creek, north of its confluence with Tunkhannock Creek. Its date of construction is unknown. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31059044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059044" title="Henry Compton (MP)">
Henry Compton (MP)

Sir Henry Compton KB (c. 1584 – c. 1649) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1640.
Compton was the son of Henry Compton, 1st Baron Compton of Compton Wynyates, Warwickshire and his second wife Anne Spencer, daughter of Sir John Spencer of Althorp, Northamptonshire. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 8 June 1599. In 1601, he was elected Member of Parliament for East Grinstead. He was of Lincoln's Inn in 1602, and was knighted to the Order of the Bath in 1603. He was an associate of the bench in 1604. He 
Compton was re-elected MP for East Grinstead in 1604, 1614 and 1621. He was a ranger of Ashdown Forest and a J.P. for Sussx. By 1624 he was Deputy Lieutenant. He was re-elected MP for East Grinstead in 1625, 1626 and 1628, sitting until 1629, when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. He was custos brevium, court of common pleas in about 1630.
In April 1640 Compton was re-elected MP for East Grinstead in the Short Parliament. He was subject to a fine in the aftermath of the English Civil War.
Compton lived at Brambletye, Sussex. He died in or before July 1649, because on that date the committee for compounding ordered that the balance of his fine should be paid by the heirs to his estate.
Compton married firstly Cecily Sackville, daughter of Robert Sackville, 2nd Earl of Dorset and had three sons and three daughters. He married secondly Mary Browne, daughter of Sir George Browne of Battle, Sussex and had four sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31059045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059045" title="United States Senate Lobby Investigation Committee">
United States Senate Lobby Investigation Committee

The Senate Lobby Investigation Committee is a now defunct special committee that once operated within the United States Senate during the 1930s and 1940s with the purpose of investigating lobbyist activities. The committee was chaired by Hugo Black, and upon his appointment to the United States Supreme Court, it was chaired by Sherman Minton.
According to professor of political science Linda C. Gugin, a Minton biographer, in practice the committee's investigations were politically motivated and directed against groups that were challenging New Deal legislation.
Black chairmanship.
The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, the first in mid-1935, as the committee launched a major probe into utility companies. These corporations were funding opposition to the Wheeler-Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress. The committee alleged that the nation's major utility companies were conspiring to defeat the bill, and ordered Western Union to turn over all telegrams sent on behalf of the company for the committee to investigate. After weeks of wrangling, which included the issuance of subpoenas and court injunctions, the committee obtained the telegrams and discovered that the utilities had spent over one million dollars to lobby for the bill's defeat. They also found money had been spent to send over five million fake letters and telegrams to senators, supposedly from concerned citizens, opposing the bill. The Wheeler-Rayburn bill passed shortly after the debacle, which quickly led to the collapse and breakup of the nation's three largest utility companies.
In 1936, the committee went a step further to prove that the same companies had improperly influenced Republicans in Congress. The committee subpoenaed telegrams sent by political opponents and their operatives, including the major Chicago law firm Winston, Straw, & Shaw. The firm launched legal action against the committee, claiming their Fourth Amendment Rights had been violated. They won their case in court and ended the committee's ability to issue mass subpoenas. William Randolph Hearst, a prominent and wealthy media magnate, began attacking the committee though his newspapers because of what he called their "reckless attacks on freedom". Minton led the effort to silence Hearst and delivered a speech attacking him for his support of the Republican Party.
The committee also uncovered previously unrevealed links between the Farmers Independence Council of America, a group believed to be a nonpartisan opponent of President Roosevelt's efforts to reform agriculture, and the American Liberty League, which strongly opposed the New Deal.
Minton chairmanship.
In 1937, Senator Black was appointed to the Supreme Court and left the Senate, and Minton secured his post as chair of the committee. He immediately began a full scale investigation of the media conglomerate controlled by Frank E. Gannett. Minton accused Gannett of publishing Republican Party propaganda. For several weeks, Minton delivered speeches attacking Gannett in the Senate, and Gannett would respond in his newspapers. When Gannett accused Minton of creating a dictatorship and attempting to control the press, Minton responded by introducing legislation that would make it "illegal to publish information known to be false." Gannett, and a large number of allies, immediately began to attack Minton and the Democratic Party in newspapers and on radio, claiming he was attacking the freedom of the press. Minton's allies in Congress asked him to withdraw the bill because of its political implications, leading him to drop the matter.
With no chance that his bill would pass, Minton returned to his goal of exposing what he believed to be Republican control of the media. He led the committee to target a newspaper with national circulation, "Rural Progress". The paper published anti-New Deal articles and had been operating at a financial loss for several years. Minton accused the publishers of improperly accepting large sums of money from corporations to influence its editors. The owner of the paper, Maurive V. Renolds, was summoned before the committee for a hearing, where Minton demanded to know why he was accepting money from corporations. Renolds had little day-to-day interaction with the paper and was unable to answer the committee's questions. When Renolds asked his manager, Dr. Glen Frank, who was also president of the University of Wisconsin, to help him answer the questions, Minton and his fellow Democratic Senators began to shout him down. As Frank began to explain that the money from the corporations was for advertising in the magazine, Minton beat his gavel and yelled, "This committee doesn't intend to permit you to use this as a forum to air your Republican views."
Minton did not realize that Frank was president of the University of Wisconsin, and soon suffered retaliation as a result of his mistreatment of Frank. Frank went on NBC radio stations around the country and granted interviews to papers, in which he lambasted Minton for his rudeness. He made lengthy arguments accusing Minton of attempting to violate the Bill of Rights. Minton was outraged by the attacks, which were beginning to have an effect among voters in Indiana. In 1938, he sought funding to launch a massive nationwide investigation of media conglomerates for proof of Republican interference in the press. Democratic Senator Edward R. Burke led an effort to defeat the measure and privately attacked Minton, accusing him of damaging the Democrats' cause, which led Minton to leave the Lobby Investigation Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31059047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059047" title="Francisco García Gómez">
Francisco García Gómez

Francisco García Gómez, commonly known as Paquito (born 14 February 1938 in Oviedo, Asturias), is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager.
Playing career.
Over the course of 14 seasons, Paquito played in 327 La Liga games in representation of Real Oviedo and Valencia CF, scoring 31 goals. In the 1970–71 campaign he appeared in 27 matches (all starts) and netted three times as the "Che" won their fourth national championship, the first in 24 years.
Paquito won nine caps for Spain during nearly five years, his debut coming on 1 November 1962 against Romania.
Manager career.
Paquito coached for more than 30 years, his first job with the professionals being in the 1977–78 season with Real Valladolid (Segunda División, seventh position).
He achieved three promotions to the top flight, with Racing de Santander (1993), Rayo Vallecano (1995) and Villarreal CF (2000). With the latter he also worked in directorial capacities, as an assistant manager, youth academy director and head coach of farm team CD Onda.

</doc>
<doc id="31059049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059049" title="Kryštof Josef Hollandt">
Kryštof Josef Hollandt

Kryštof Josef Hollandt (? - 1713) was a Moravian lawyer and professor of law at University of Olomouc in years 1695-1707, author of a commentary on the "Institutes of Justinian".
Kryštof Josef Hollandt graduated Faculty of Philosophy of University of Olomouc and faculties of law of University of Vienna and Charles University.
He became Professor of Law at the University of Olomouc in 1695. Unlike his predecessors, who taught only secular law, he started teaching also canon law. The Jesuits, who were leading the University at the time, however considered canon law as their own domain and filed a protest by the emperor. Consequently, in 1696 the emperor Leopold I issued a Decree authorizing the lectures of canon law by Hollandt (however, this covered only the lectures of canon law to the law students, the theology students continued to have separate lectures of canon law at the Faculty of Theology until 1771).
Hollandt had to leave the post in 1707 due to mental illness. Despite that Hollandt managed to publish his own commentary on the "institutiones" named "Examen iuridicum" in Olomouc in 1711.

</doc>
<doc id="31059052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059052" title="Alfred Toepfer">
Alfred Toepfer

Dr. Alfred Carl Toepfer (13 July 1894 in Hamburg – 8 October 1993 in Hamburg) was a German entrepreneur, owner of the company Toepfer International and founder of the Alfred Toepfer Foundation. He helped shaped the original internal markets of the European Coal and Steel Community, and was a philanthropist known for his celebration of the arts, sciences, and nature.
Early life.
Toepfer was born in 1894 in Lüneburg Heath, the son of a merchant. He lived on a farm and completed an apprenticeship while learning several languages at school. Early 1912, he joined the Wandervogel, and was greatly influenced by the historian Julius Langbehn. Its leader Hans Breuer shaped his thinking, especially his call for reflection on one's own folklore. In 1913 Toepfer was one of the participants in the meeting of the first Free German Youth Day.
World War One.
The following year he joined the Army as an infantryman, serving in World War I and participating in the Battle of Masurian, the Second Battle of Ypres, the Battle of the Somme, and the Fourth Battle of Ypres. He was wounded several times and in January 1919 was discharged a highly decorated lieutenant.
Freikorps.
The year Toepfer left the military he joined the Freikorps, led by General Georg Ludwig Rudolf Maercker. As the leader of a mounted machine gun unit, he was first deployed in Weimar to protect the Weimar National Assembly. In the following months the Freikorps was ordered to put down Bolshevik insurrections, including in Halle, Magdeburg, Brunswick, Gotha, Erfurt and Eisenach. With the integration of the country's fighter forces in the Reichswehr, Toepfer left the Korps by the end of the year.
Alfred C. Toepfer Company.
Back in Hamburg, he founded the trading company Alfred C. Toepfer Company, registered in January 1920. Specializing in agricultural products, particularly grain, and his company grew globally with trade to the United States, Canada, and Soviet Union. He would also start a private bank and logistics operation. During the 1920s he built up a sizeable fortune which he would direct most of the profits into private foundations.
He ran the companies successfully for many years after the interruption of the end of World War II and his two-year internment. During the 1950s, he opened branch offices in the original six members of the European Coal and Steel Community, helping shape the internal markets of the infant trade zone. In 1979, Toepfer International was founded in Hamburg. He published the monthly "Market Reports."
Philanthropy.
From 1926 Toepfer began to support youth development projects guided by the idea of national renewal after years of demoralization following the defeat of World War I. He funded the construction of youth hostels for wayfarers. Founded in 1931, the Alfred Toepfer Foundation became a primary vehicle of his philanthropy promoting the concept of European unity as well as the arts, sciences, and nature conservation. The same year he also created the Goethe Institute in Switzerland and the Humboldt Foundation in New York City, which would later become the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation awarding the Humboldt Research Award. He would also start the JWG Foundation, and in 1936 created the Hanseatic Scholarships, which allowed British students to study in Germany. 
By 1973, his foundations awarded 30 cultural prizes and 75 scholarships. His European Prize for Statesmanship was first awarded in 1973 to British Prime Minister Edward Heath. Other notable awards include the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism, Shakespeare Prize and Herder Prize. Toepfer, a close friend of European Union founding father Robert Schuman, named a prize in his honor in 1966 called the Robert Schuman Prize.
In 1943, he commissioned Ernst Jünger's work "Peace", which was a manifest to the youth of Europe of how to proceed after the war.
In 1952 his foundations oversaw the reconstruction of the Hamburg State Opera. In 1953 as head of the Verein Naturschutzpark (VNP), he organized protests against the occupying British forces at Lüneburg Heath. His foundations purchased the Hof Möhr for the VNP, which would house nature conservations. As President of the Association of German Nature Parks, a particular concern was the preservation Lüneburg Heath and the creation of National Parks in Germany. 
In the 1970s, he commissioned the renovation of Hamburg's "Old Quarter."
Politics.
A member of the Hamburg National Club since its founding in 1919, Toepfer was introduced to Ernst Niekisch, who published the magazine "Resistance", focused on nationalism and revolution. Toepfer between 1928 and 1931 supported the magazine financially several times despite his opposition to National Bolshevism and the policies of the Soviet Union which at that time which were creating a catastrophic humanitarian situation known as the Holodomor. He was also introduced to work of Ernst Jünger and his brother Friedrich Georg Jünger.
Nazis.
Toepfer was never a Nazi party member himself, and spent a period in 1937-1938 in confinement after being arrested. A supporter of economic liberalism, he never aligned himself with any particular political ideology. However, he financially supported individuals, objectives, and organisations within the Nationalist Socialist system through his businesses and foundations, moving currency through exchanges in New York City, Amsterdam, London, and Liechtenstein while avoiding regulations. They were also used for covert actions. 
In 1936 Joseph Goebbels praised Toepfer in his diaries, calling him a "clever, generous and enthusiastic patron." His extensive real estate portfolio throughout Germany and surrounding countries served to host leading Nazis, including Rudolf Hess, Paul Minke, Odilo Globocnik, Friedrich Rainer, Franz Hueber, Werner Best, Werner Lorenz, Franz Wehofsich, Konrad Henlein, and Hans Friedrich Blunck, while serving as cadres and bases for operations. Many served on Toepfer's board of directors at his foundations.
His brother Ernst Toepfer was a U.S. citizen, and operated the New York branch of Alfred's business while being involved with pro-Nazi organisations in the country. He resided in Switzerland, employing Eugen Wildi of the Swiss National Front as an agent in the country.
World War Two.
With the outbreak of World War II, Toepfer served with the Abwehr. In July 1940 he was transferred to the control center in Paris, established in the Hôtel Lutetia. In early summer 1941, Toepfer's unit issued the "French Report," which planned the reorganization of Europe under Nazi Germany in collaboration with the French. Toepfer had contacts with French separatists such as Hermann Bickler and Olier Mordrel, whom he already knew from before the war, and would serve to help undermine resistance groups.
Toepfer, a captain by July 1942, joined the economics unit with the military commanders in France, which would employ his market expertise using him as an agent. This office was used to control the black market in the country and to procure foreign exchange by selling goods from occupied France to neutral countries, as well as secret barter for the procurement of strategic raw materials from Spain and Portugal. He was also involved in generating foreign currency. 
He would use the contacts he made through these operation in the postwar period. He was able to open new branches for his company in Posen, Kraków, and Lemberg during this period. In August 1944, Toepfer left Paris shortly before the liberation by the Allies. In April 1945, Toepfer was released from military service and saw the end of the war in Hamburg as a civilian.
Post war.
Toepfer was eventually captured and interned until 1947, when he was released primarily based on his arrest in 1937 by the Nazis, indicating his ability to be "de-Nazified."
Toepfer aided Hartmann Lauterbacher's escape to Argentina through a letter of recommendation in 1950, and financed the legal defence of Werner Lorenz at his tribunal. He offered employment to Hermann Bickler to help him escape the death penalty, and Edmund Veesenmayer and Hans-Joachim Riecke worked at his companies well into the 1970s. During World War II Riecke was Staatssekretär of Herbert Backe in the German Ministry for Food and Agriculture and Backes assistant to carry out the Hunger Plan.
Legacy.
In 1959, he was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Kiel. 
The Alfred Toepfer Foundation founded an independent commission of historians in 1997, led by Hans Mommsen, which published a 488 page anthology in 2000 with a critical inventory of Toepfer Foundation biography and history. The commission concluded Toepfer had not shared the key objectives and motives of National Socialism, not even anti-Semitism, and was not enriched by the war.
In 2007 Hans Mommsen praised Toepfer as an exemplary European. He was in accord with the establishment of West Germany, having close contact with leading representatives. The Alfred Toepfer Academy for Nature Conservation was founded in 1981 as part of Lower Saxony's Ministry of Environment.
Toepfer once said “after the terrible World Wars with the enormous sacrifices of human life and material loss, I am committed to European unity, the promotion of peace, general welfare and to cultural development.”

</doc>
<doc id="31059055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059055" title="I Want to Be a Soldier">
I Want to Be a Soldier

I Want to Be a Soldier is a drama film released in Spain and at the Rome Film Festival in 2010. It is the fourth feature film of director Christian Molina.
Plot.
Alex, a 10 year old child, develops an unhealthy obsession with morbid imagery, which marks him asocial. Unable to befriend his peers, he creates an imaginary friend and role model, whom he names Astronaut Captain Harry. Upon the birth of his twin baby brothers, Alex feels more neglected than usual. He emotionally extorts his father into buying him a TV for his room, and starts spending hours watching violent programmes. As his antisocial behavior deepens, he also takes on a new imaginary friend, Sergeant John Cluster who will teach him how to realize his new dream of being a great soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="31059057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059057" title="Barbara L. McQuade">
Barbara L. McQuade

Barbara L. McQuade (born 1964) is currently the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan.
Early life and education.
Born in Detroit, McQuade is a 1987 graduate of the University of Michigan and a 1991 graduate of the University of Michigan Law School. Before joining the U.S. Attorney's Office, McQuade practiced law at the firm of Butzel Long in Detroit, and served as a law clerk for Hon. Bernard A. Friedman on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
Career.
McQuade was an assistant U.S. Attorney in the Eastern District of Michigan from 1998 until becoming U.S. Attorney in that same district. She was also a professor of law at University of Detroit Mercy School of Law from 2003-2009.
McQuade was appointed by President Barack Obama and started her term as U.S. Attorney on January 4, 2010. Upon taking office in January 2010, McQuade restructured the office for the first time in more than 35 years to align attorney resources with the priorities of the district; national security, violent crime, public corruption, civil rights and financial fraud, including mortgage fraud, health care fraud, and environmental crimes. 
Significant case accomplishments during McQuade's tenure include the conviction of former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick on public corruption charges, the conviction and life sentence of an Al-Qaeda operative for attempting to blow up an airliner over Detroit on Christmas Day in 2009, the conviction of a former Michigan Supreme Court Justice on bank fraud charges, and the convictions of former employees for stealing trade secrets from Detroit automakers. McQuade also joined with other law enforcement leaders to launch Detroit One, a violence reduction strategy and community partnership. 
McQuade serves on the Attorney General's Advisory Committee, and serves as co-chair of the Terrorism and National Security Subcommittee. She also serves on subcommittees addressing civil rights and border security.
The first woman to serve as U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, McQuade was an Assistant U.S. Attorney in Detroit for 12 years. She served as Deputy Chief of the National Security Unit, where she prosecuted cases involving terrorism financing, foreign agents, export violations, and threats. During her career as a federal prosecutor, McQuade has also prosecuted cases involving violent crime, fraud and racketeering.
McQuade is married and has four children.

</doc>
<doc id="31059065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059065" title="Richard Napoleon Batchelder">
Richard Napoleon Batchelder

Richard Napoleon Batchelder (July 27, 1832 – January 4, 1901) was a United States Army Officer and the 18th Quartermaster General of the United States Army. Brigadier General Batchelder was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1891.
Early life.
Richard N. Batchelder was born to Nathan and Peace Batchelder on July 27, 1832 in Laconia, New Hampshire. His father was a state representative, and his mother was the daughter of a prominent pastor. Richard attended the county school system of Manchester. During early adulthood he endeavored in many ventures, one of which was business.
Military career.
At the start of the American Civil War he quit private enterprise and enlisted in the Union Army in May 1861. Upon joining the Army, he was commissioned as a first lieutenant, and took duty as regimental quartermaster for the 1st New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry. He was promoted to the rank of captain in August 1861, and became a Divisional Quartermaster in March 1862. He eventually promoted to lieutenant colonel and chief quartermaster of II Corps in January 1863.
During one of his missions in October 1863, the corps' supply units were bombarded by the enemy, and because of his leadership, his unit was able to successfully accomplish the mission without any loss of supplies. This feat would later earn him the Medal of Honor, and he was promoted to Colonel with the title of Chief Quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac the next year. Batchelder was mustered out of the volunteer service on June 8, 1865 and was transferred to the Regular Army, reverting to the rank of captain. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Batchelder for appointment to the rank of brevet brigadier general of Volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866. On February 23, 1869, President Andrew Johnson nominated Batchelder for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general, U.S. Army (Regular Army), to rank from April 9, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the appointment on March 3, 1869.
After the Civil War, Batchelder then served at various commands across the country under the quartermaster branch for 25 years before he was promoted to brigadier general on June 26, 1890. With this promotion he was appointed as the 18th Quartermaster General of the United States Army. As Quartermaster General of the Army he was also in charge of the creation of the emblem used to identify the Quartermaster Corps. He retired from the Army on July 27, 1896. 
General Batchelder was a member of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States, the Sons of the Revolution and the Society of Colonial Wars.
Medal of Honor Citation.
Rank and Organization: Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, 2d Corps. Place and Date: Between Catlett and Fairfax Stations, Va., 13–15 October 1863. Entered Service At: Manchester, N.H. Born: 27 July 1832, Meredith, N.H. Date of Issue: 20 May 1895. 
"The President of the United States in the name of The Congress takes pleasure in presenting the MEDAL OF HONOR to LIEUTENANT COLONEL & CHIEF QUARTERMASTER RICHARD NAPOLEON BATCHELDER
UNITED STATES ARMY For service as set forth in the following CITATION:
Being ordered to move his trains by a continuous day-and-night march, and without the usual military escort, armed his teamsters and personally commanded them, successfully fighting against heavy odds and bringing his trains through without the loss of a wagon.
Later life.
Richard N. Batchelder retired from the U.S. Army on July 27, 1896. He died in Washington D.C. on January 4, 1901 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="31059071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059071" title="Stone Arch Bridge (Champaign, Illinois)">
Stone Arch Bridge (Champaign, Illinois)

The Stone Arch Bridge, located near the intersection East Springfield Avenue and South Second Street in Champaign, Illinois was built in 1860. In c.2010, it was integrated into the design of the Boneyard Creek Second Street Basin, a flood control facility and recreational amenity which is located between First and Second Streets and Springfield and University Avenues.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31059079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059079" title="Michael Gottlieb">
Michael Gottlieb

Michael Gottlieb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31059083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059083" title="Louise (2003 film)">
Louise (2003 film)

Louise is a 2003 animated short by Anita Lebeau, produced by the National Film Board of Canada. The film takes audiences through a day in the life of Lebeau's 96-year-old Belgian-Canadian grandmother, Louise Marginet, who narrates the film. Set in the rural community of Bruxelles, Manitoba, "Louise" features traditional music played by family as well as the Bruxelles Brass Band.
"Louise" received 6 awards including the Hiroshima Prize at the Hiroshima International Animation Festival and the Canal J Jury Junior Award for Short Films at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival. The film was also nominated for best animated short at the 25th Genie Awards.
"Louise" was animated on paper by Lebeau, Jason Doll and John Tanasiciuk, with computer rendering. Lebeau had begun working on the film in 1998, before taking a break to raise her two children. When interviewed at Hiroshima, the filmmaker stated that her grandmother, who had died before the film was completed, was thrilled to have a movie made about her life and family.

</doc>
<doc id="31059101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059101" title="Thomas Spring">
Thomas Spring

Thomas Spring may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31059111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059111" title="Stone Arch Bridge (Danville, Illinois)">
Stone Arch Bridge (Danville, Illinois)

The Stone Arch Bridge is a bridge in Danville, Illinois, which carries U.S. Route 136 across Stony Creek. The segmental arch bridge is long and built with sandstone. The bridge was built in the 1890s to facilitate Danville's expansion during an industrial boom. As various geographic and political limitations prevented the city from expanding in any directions but east and southeast, the city grew over Stony Creek, necessitating a new bridge. Mayor John Beard commissioned the bridge; during the 1890s, Beard and political rival John Cannon clashed over many issues, and Beard most likely built the bridge to demonstrate his political effectiveness. The bridge is the only segmented arch bridge remaining in east-central Illinois and is one of five stone arch bridges in the region.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31059114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059114" title="Vickers Wellington LN514">
Vickers Wellington LN514

Vickers Wellington LN514 was a Vickers Wellington bomber built in 1943 in record time, as part of a British propaganda effort during the Second World War.
The bomber was constructed in 23 hours and 50 minutes, and took off 24 hours and 48 minutes after the first parts of the airframe had been laid down, beating the previous record of 48 hours set by an American factory. It was constructed at the Vickers-Armstrongs factory in Broughton, Flintshire. The record attempt was the idea of the government to bolster morale at home and send a message abroad that British wartime manufacturing capacity was unaffected by German bombing.
The Ministry of Information produced the newsreel "Worker's Week-End" using film of the attempt, detailing the construction process from the beginning to first flight, emphasising the vital role of women in the workforce on the "factory front". It was distributed both at home and in America, deliberately using a North American sounding narrator.
As part of the BBC television's Battle of Britain 70th anniversary season, the record attempt was the subject of a one-hour documentary film "Wellington Bomber". Bringing together some of the workers who were originally involved, it examined the effort through their eyes, and together with historian Max Hastings and Rupert "Tiny" Cooling, a former Wellington pilot, examined the bomber and the wider historical context. It was first broadcast on BBC Four on 14 September 2010.
Background.
Wellington bomber.
The wingspan Vickers Wellington bomber was designed by Rex Pierson and made by the Vickers-Armstrongs company. It was named after Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington. A total of 11,461 were built during the war, more than any other British aircraft except the Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane, which were smaller, single-engine aircraft.
With its geodetic aluminium skeleton airframe construction covered by a varnished linen fabric skin it was said to be held in great regard by aircrews and pilots for its durability and resistance to damage, able to survive long enough to return home, even if one engine failed.
The aircraft's fabric construction and a frame which simply slotted together, likened to the children's toy Meccano, meant that it was easy to assemble, making it a perfect choice for the construction record attempt.
The Wellington was a mainstay of the British air fleet during World War II, used throughout the conflict, first for RAF Bomber Command as a strike bomber during the 1940 Battle of Britain and beyond, and after being superseded by the larger Halifax and Lancaster, for RAF Coastal Command in the anti-shipping role from 1943. Two Wellington bombers have survived to the present; the one recovered from Loch Ness is on display at Brooklands Museum Weybridge, Surrey.
Propaganda.
With the Broughton factory being run by the Ministry of Aircraft Production, 6,000 people, over half of them women used in place of the men sent to fight, worked 12-hour shifts to make 28 Wellington bombers a week at peak production. Propaganda films were a significant part of the British war effort, often examining the 'factory front' which was crucial to the real front, paying tribute to the dedication and skill of the workers, encouraging new workers to volunteer, and keeping up morale of those already working and of the wider population.
The Wellington bomber film came in 1943, at the height of the British bombing efforts against Germany. With speed and morale in aircraft production now an important part of sustaining that effort, the Ministry of War together with the RAF came up with the idea of a construction record attempt, and filming it for a Ministry of Information propaganda newsreel. It was to be both a tribute to the workers of the British aircraft industry, and a way for the Ministry of War to demonstrate to the world the spirit and efficiency still evident in wartime aircraft production, despite heavy German bombardment.
In particular, the movie was to be shown in America, with an American-sounding narrator deliberately chosen, to show that Britain had not been beaten by The Blitz, the sustained German bombing of 1940-1941, and was now holding its own in production efforts. In a show of competitiveness, breaking the record held by the Americans was also seen as 'one in the eye for' the Americans' comparatively late entry into the fight.
Other propaganda films of the period focussing on factory production include the one-off newsreels "Night Shift" (1942), "Clyde-built" (1943), "Coalminer" (1943), and "A Date with a Tank" (1944), and the series "Worker and Warfront" (1942–1946) and "War Work News" (1942–1945). These are now preserved in the Imperial War Museum.
Record attempt.
The aim was to build an operational Wellington bomber from scratch against the clock, “from first bolt to take-off” The record was at the time held by the Americans, having achieved the feat in 48 hours in a bomber factory in California.
The newsreel records that the bomber's wheels lifted from the ground 24 hours and 48 minutes after construction began. The 2010 documentary also states the build time after the first part of the airframe had been laid was “ten minutes less than 24 hours”, and the take-off took place 24 hours and 48 minutes later. Some sources state the assembly time was 23 hours and 48 minutes.
The target time set by the workers was to assemble it in 30 hours or less, with a test pilot scheduled for an afternoon flight. However, assembly moved so fast that the pilot had to be roused from his bed to make the flight.
The bomber was constructed over a weekend, starting on a Saturday morning. The workers donated their free time for the attempt, donating their bonus money to the Red Cross Aid to Russia Fund.
The date of the construction is not known; it was probably early summer 1943 (based on National Archives records) or early autumn (the 2010 documentary asserts it was one autumn weekend). October 1943 was the newsreel's release date according to the National Archives, or the production date according to Imperial War Museum records. The newsreel's narrator states that the record attempt took place “not so long ago”.
The bomber airframe used for the record attempt was serial number LN514. According to the Imperial War Museum record, the newsreel “stresses throughout that standards were not lowered for faster speed”.
"Worker's Week-End" newsreel.
"Worker's Week-End" was the propaganda newsreel that resulted from the construction effort.
Production.
The reel was produced by the Crown Film Unit and financed by the Ministry of Information. Filmed at the Vickers-Armstrongs factory in Broughton, Flintshire, it was directed by Ray Elton and produced by John Monck. The reel was filmed in black and white on 2 reels of 35 mm film (P 1/35/N). It was later also transferred to VHS. The narrator was Flying Officer J. Peach of the Royal Canadian Air Force.
Format.
The newsreel's picture closely followed the Wellington bomber and its construction, interspersed with small periods of the wider scene. The audio consisted of the narration, factory background sounds, and the plane's sound on takeoff. The narration focuses on the people involved until the main parts come together, after which it describes more of the production process.
As well as the construction process, early on in the reel just after the flap testing is shown, chief cameraman Chick Fowl and his camera are briefly shown as they film the workers. In addition to simply describing the process and the workers, the narrator relates a couple of anecdotes during the reel - as the electrical work begins, and during the shot of the cockpit exterior and interior work. He indicates that the company test pilot Gerald Whinney, who “stood next to me” (but not shown), said that the electrical fitters were “like a lot of bloody ants, hope they don't forget anything”. He also describes how he had noticed the girl working on the exterior of the cockpit, Ivy Bennett, because she was wearing a pink chiffon blouse, because she had come back from a party to help out in the attempt.
Assembly depiction.
The newsreel begins by showing a tractor opening the factory door, and with the workers arriving. The construction is seen beginning with the first fuselage pieces being assembled on jigs, as well as the work being inspected. The film moves on to show wing assembly and inspection, and the making of the cabin heater. Returning to the fuselage, it shows the fitting of the wooden floor and a bulkhead frame, moving on to the fitting of the cockpit floor, seat and control column, installed as one part. Moving away from the fuselage, the flaps are shown being tested and the ailerons being assembled. Returning to the fuselage, workers begin fitting the electrical wiring and systems. After more detailed scenes of its assembly, the completed fuselage is shown being removed from the jig.
The film then shows the bolting and stitching of the covering fabric to the wings and other large control surface frames, described as the “4 great sections” of the aircraft. After showing the assembly of the tail end of the fuselage frame, the covering of this and the main fuselage is also shown. While the covering is being completed, the weatherproofing of the finished parts with resin ("dope"), is seen beginning. An overhead crane brings an engine to be fitted to the rest of the power nacelle, referred to as the 'egg', followed by more scenes of engine assembly. The film then shows all the major parts being moved to a main assembly area, including moving the whole fuselage. A crane moves the 'power eggs' into position, and then the tail and elevators are fitted to the fuselage.
The bomb bay beam and the fuel tanks are installed, then a crane fits the wings to the fuselage, and propellers to the engines. After a general scene of the construction, the crane lifts the rear gun turret into place, followed by a shot of the main undercarriage and wheel being moved into the raised position. After a general scene of the cockpit being worked on simultaneously inside and out, the fitting of the inner fuel tank is shown, followed by another wide shot of the general scene at the front of the bomber. A close-up of the Royal Air Force roundel being hand-painted onto the fuselage is followed by a scene of the tailwheel being inspected.
The bomber is towed to the running shed at the end of the factory, the location for final inspection and engine testing. All the assembled workers are shown watching as the engines are started for the first time, for which the factory door is opened. After a shot of the front gun turret being tested for movement, the completed bomber is towed out of the factory tail-first, as a worker cleans the cockpit windows. With the assembled workers watching, the test pilot enters the aircraft, taxies into position, and lifts off for its first test flight.
Timing depiction.
During the film the narrator relates how the attempt is doing for time. At the beginning he says the aim was for completion in under 30 hours, and that work started at 9 a.m.. At 1:45 p.m. the fuselage leaves the jig with electrics fitted. At 6:15 p.m. the main parts are coming together. With the change in shifts also noted, the propeller fitting occurs at 8:23 p.m. It's noted the workers are now making bets as to whether they will beat the 30-hour target. The landing gear is on the aircraft by 10:30 p.m. By 3:20 a.m. the next morning the aircraft is being towed to the running shed. The engines are started for the first time at 6:15 a.m., or 21:15 hrs since construction began. He then relates how the attempt is delayed at this stage for 2 hours of "snagging" (last-minute rectifications). At 8:50 a.m. (the 23:50 hr mark), the completed bomber is wheeled out of the factory door. As the Wellington takes off, he states “its wheels lifted from the ground, in exactly 24 hours and 48 minutes.” The newsreel ends with a note, 'P.S. At 7:45 p.m. this bomber was flown by a ferry pilot to its operational base.'
The workers named in the film are predominantly women doing a variety of jobs including assembly and testing. As workers are named by the narrator, he also relates many of their previous occupations.
Analysis.
According to the Imperial War Museum, the newsreel “provides quite good coverage of various processes in construction” describing it as a “good film well put together: right atmosphere of dedication, efficiency, speed”.
"Wellington Bomber" documentary.
Wellington Bomber is a 2010 television documentary film about the record attempt and accompanying newsreel.
The 1 hour documentary was commissioned by the BBC's digital channel BBC Four and produced by Peter Williams' company Peter Williams Television, with Williams and Cassian Harrison of the BBC acting as executive producers. Williams directed the programme, assisted by Stephen Hopkins and Jo Taylor, with Paul Meadows as editor. Having tracked down workers who originally worked on the record attempt, according to the BBC “Their story of the excitement of the attempt is the heart of this documentary.”
The programme formed part of the BBC's Battle Of Britain season, marking the 70th anniversary of the battle with special programmes across BBC One, BBC Two and BBC Four. It was first broadcast on BBC Four at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, 14 September 2010, and then at 7:30 p.m. on BBC Two on Sunday 19 September.
Participants.
The documentary featured a number of original Broughton workers and their descendants as well as the author and historian Max Hastings who had written "Bomber Command" (described by the narrator as a "definitive work" on RAF Bomber Command). Of the workers two had appeared in the original newsreel. An RAF Wellington pilot also contributed.
Format.
The location for the documentary film is an evening at the Broughton factory, where several of the original workers and their relatives have met to view a screening of the original newsreel in a small cinema room. Eleven of the original workers and their relatives were interviewed in the documentary, while the visible group present at the cinema numbered at least 30. It is stated that the screening was the first time many of them had seen the newsreel.
The documentary featured narrated archive footage and pictures interwoven with shots of the original newsreel being screened and of parts of the newsreel itself, supplemented with interviews with the workers and their relatives, pre-recorded in their homes. In addition, there is a large amount of interview material interwoven with this, from both Cooling and Hastings. Cooling is also interviewed in a home setting, while Hastings is interviewed at the Brooklands Museum in Surrey, site of another wartime Wellington factory, inside one of only two preserved Wellington bombers, N2980.
Content.
The film covered the design of the bomber by Barnes Wallis and the background behind its urgent operational need and thus necessity of easy and quick manufacture. Brooklands Museum's Wellington N2980 is covered in detail. The film discussed the Wellington in service, the daily lives and roles of the bomber crews, with Hastings telling how pilots named the bomber, "the wimpy" after the contemporary cartoon character J. Wellington Wimpy. It had a resilience to flak and could ride out trouble, albeit Hastings said that aircrews were still more likely to die than survive a 30-mission tour. Cooling told how his first flight returned with petrol leaking out of a fuel tank, with the pilot simply remarking they were 'back in time for last orders'; the crew were flying again within two days.
The film covered the Broughton factory, a shadow factory which built many of the 11,461 Wellington bombers built. Its production line, its aircraft hangar, its assembly lines, parts storage systems and component assembly hangars, and the processes of stitching and doping, were shown. It discussed the production line organisation, and that some assembly work such as electrical panels had actually been prepared beforehand for the record attempt. The film covered air raids on the factory and the measures taken to prevent injury or damage, including a system of amber and red warning lights, and the illumination of nearby hills to fool German bombers. With all regular forces committed in theatre, security at the factory was provided by the Home Guard, who also escorted workers as they undertook snagging work to finished aircraft on the neighbouring fields into which they were distributed with wide spacings.
It covered the role of women at the factory, who made up half the workforce, and why they were mobilised to work though many had no experience of such work but were soon training new workers themselves, and how most were motivated by having male relatives involved in the fighting. It described the general patriotic feeling and productive urge felt among workers, in light of German bombing and propaganda efforts, such as the 1940 broadcasts of Lord Haw Haw. By contrast, it also discussed the problems of instances of low morale, absenteeism, death, and the effect of industrial relations movements since the 1926 general strike, and the Labour Acts used to bring in Scottish workers. Dance music was piped into the hangars to boost morale, while the factory had its own doctor, dentist and barber, and employed strict control of comfort breaks. 
It covered the hardships of working long shifts at the factory, and of wartime rationing. Other hazards included walking and driving home in the dark due to raids and the remote location. The workers' scant free time was discussed; they danced and enjoyed radio programs, such as Arthur Askey and "Workers' Playtime" and "It's That Man Again".
In terms of the wider political context, it discussed the build up to war and the approach of Neville Chamberlain, the Prime Minister until May 1940, and featured cabinet papers showing concern over the German effect on production, the domain of Lord Beaverbrook, the Minister of Aircraft Production. The documentary also covered the role of propaganda newsreels in the war effort. According to the documentary, a North American narrator was chosen for the newsreel to be shown in America, to show them that the British were also manufacturing efficiently while under attack, and to not only show them that Brits “could take it”, but that they could “dish it out as well”. According to Hastings it had probably been a Wellington force that had caused an air raid warning in Berlin, just as the visiting Russian ambassador Vyacheslav Molotov was being reassured by Hitler that the British were near defeat.
In the wider civilian context, the film dealt with the effects of domestic bomb damage and air raids, and air raid shelters, and the role of Welsh coal mining, a reserved industry supporting production at Broughton, with Ben Motram having been a coal miner at Llay main colliery, the deepest mine in Europe at the time, with wife Constance employed as a seamstress at the factory.
In the wider military context, the film covered the Battle of Britain and German raids on south eastern RAF airfields, followed by the sequence of the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill ordering a raid on Berlin after a German raid damaged parts of London housing, which (it claimed) led to Hitler switching raids to cities, which while devastating for civilians, took pressure off the RAF. Further on the film relayed the progress of the ground and aerial fighting in Europe, and covered German Luftwaffe raids on the Channel Ports and Dunkirk.
Postwar.
Moving to after the end of war in Europe, the film related how the factory was then put to use making prefab houses and how, while many single women workers were retained, all the married women were made redundant. There were stories about the success or otherwise of the resulting reunions with their husbands returning home from the fighting, moving forward into demobilized civilian life. Linking the Broughton factory of the present day to the time of the war, the film included footage of the present day Airbus operations at the site, including the manufacturing process and the loading of parts onto the Airbus Beluga transport aircraft. Stories of long-serving employers were included, and of an employee of the old factory whose grandson now works at the Airbus plant.
Dedications.
Towards the end of the documentary, there is also extended footage of Air Forces Memorial at Runnymede, used as the backdrop as Cooling recites a poem he wrote. The documentary closes with an on screen dedication to "Flt Lt Rupert “Tiny” Cooling (1920–2010) and to the wartime workers on the Broughton production line".

</doc>
<doc id="31059141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059141" title="Susquehanna (Erie Railroad station)">
Susquehanna (Erie Railroad station)

The Erie Railroad Station in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania was built by the Erie Railway (later reorganized as the Erie Railroad) in 1863. The three-story Gothic Revival structure included a large hotel, called Starrucca House, with rooms for 200 people and a long dining room. Overall building size is length by width.
The railroad converted the hotel into offices and sleeping quarters for railroad personnel c. 1903. Alterations were made to the building in 1913 and 1917. The Erie Railroad merged into the Erie Lackawanna Railroad in 1960, which ended passenger train service over the former Erie Delaware Division through Susquehanna in 1966. All remaining passenger service on the former Lackawanna route via Scranton, PA, was discontinued on January 6, 1970. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31059153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059153" title="Robert Fills">
Robert Fills

Robert Fills (fl. 1562), was an English-French translator who translated works from French into English.
Dedications.
"The Lawes and Statutes of Geneva, as well concerning Ecclesiastical Discipline as Civill Regiment, with certeine Proclamations duly executed, whereby God's religion is most purely mainteined, and their commonwealth quietli governed".
The volume contains a dedication to "Lord Robert Duddley", in which Fills explains that he has done his work to confute those who say "against men of our profession" that "we departed oute of this realme in the late tyme of banishement of Goddes churche onelye to this ende, to enjoye more unchastised freedome of sensuall lyfe".
"A Briefe and Piththie Summe of the Christian Faith, made in forme of a Confession, with a confutation of all such superstitious errours as are contrary thereunto. Made by Theodore de Beza. Translated out of Frenche by R. F.".
In this translated work, Fills inserted a long dedication to Lord Hastings. In this dedication, Fills speaks of himself as "knowing the author , and being somewhat acquainted with him", and makes a fierce attack upon the secular pursuits of the English clergy, complaining of the "myngle mangle of spirituall and temporall regiment", and asserting that many cathedral churches are "a very refuge and denne of ydell, ignoraunt, and unpreaching lubbers."

</doc>
<doc id="31059155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059155" title="Silver Lake Bank">
Silver Lake Bank

The Silver Lake Bank in Montrose, Pennsylvania is a building from 1816. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is now used as the headquarters for the Center for Anti-Slavery Studies nonprofit organization.

</doc>
<doc id="31059172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059172" title="Susquehanna County Courthouse Complex">
Susquehanna County Courthouse Complex

The Susquehanna County Courthouse Complex, also known as Susquehanna County Courthouse & Jail, is a historic courthouse complex located at Montrose, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania. The complex consists of four contributing buildings, one contributing site (the Town Green), and four contributing objects (an 1887 American Civil War memorial, a 1915 monument to Galusha A. Grow (1822-1903), an early surveyor's marker, and a 1930s Veterans' memorial). 
The complex is located on a four acre plot that was donated to Montrose for public use in 1853. The original section of the courthouse was built in 1854-1855, and is a three bay by seven bay, two-story brick structure in the Greek Revival style. It features a pedimented portico with fluted Ionic order columns and five bay arcade at the first level. It has a shallow gable roof topped by an octagonal cupola. The building has been expanded five times; in 1883, 1902, 1950, 1954, and 1982. The original jail was built in 1853, with a brick addition made in 1973. It is a two-story, rectangular stone structure now known as the Susquehanna County Courthouse Annex. Appended to the Annex is a two-story brick building built in 1925, and originally a part of a now demolished school. The Jail of 1867-1868 is a three-story, stone building measuring 48 feet by 64 feet, and topped by a distinctive cupola. It has a red brick extension with stone trim and flat-topped and rounded windows.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31059188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059188" title="Dimmsville Covered Bridge">
Dimmsville Covered Bridge

The Dimmsville Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Dimmsville, Greenwood Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania. It is a Burr Truss truss bridge. It measures and has vertical siding, windows at eave level, and a gable roof. It crosses Cocolamus Creek.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31059196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059196" title="Intellectual Property Law Association of Chicago">
Intellectual Property Law Association of Chicago

The Intellectual Property Law Association of Chicago ("IPLAC") is the oldest intellectual property law association in the United States. Founded in Chicago in 1884 as the “Patent Law Association” and later incorporated on September 23, 1924 as the Patent Law Association of Chicago, it changed to its current name in the late 20th century to reflect the practice of its members within intellectual property law.
Goals.
IPLAC is a not-for-profit organization "dedicated to maintaining a high standard of professionalism in the practice of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and related fields of law". One of IPLAC’s principal goals is to aid in the development and administration of intellectual property law and the manner by which it is applied by the courts, the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and the United States Copyright Office. IPLAC also provides a medium for the exchange of views on intellectual property law among those practicing in the field, and aim to educate the public at large. IPLAC provides many continuing legal education ("CLE") programs in intellectual property law and legal ethics to its members and others who are interested. Through its Creative Achievement Award, IPLAC annually recognizes the inventive and creative achievements of individuals and groups in the Chicago area. The organization also established the IPLAC Educational Foundation, which awards scholarships to Chicago area high school graduates intending to pursue college-level study in engineering and science.
Members.
IPLAC's over 1,100 members are centered primarily in the Chicago area. They represent a full spectrum of the intellectual property law profession and include attorneys in private and corporate practice, law school professors, paralegals, law students, and other intellectual property law professionals. IPLAC also has approximately 30 honorary members from the federal judiciary.
Judges' Dinner and Annual Symposium.
One of IPLAC’s longstanding traditions is the annual Judges’ Dinner to honor the federal Judiciary, with the first dinner held in its founding year. In 2007, IPLAC began presenting an annual patent law symposium on the same day as the Judges’ Dinner.
Patent Claim Construction Book.
Another project of IPLAC is an annual review of patent claim interpretation law of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Originally distributed in manuscript form to federal judges in Chicago, in 2006 it became a West publication and is currently distributed under the title, "Patent Claim Construction in the Federal Circuit". This title is also available on WESTLAW under the database CLAIMCFC.

</doc>
<doc id="31059199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059199" title="Lehman's, Port Royal Covered Bridge">
Lehman's, Port Royal Covered Bridge

The Lehman's, Port Royal Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Port Royal in Turbett Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania. It is a Double Burr Arch truss bridge and was built in 1888. It measures and has vertical siding, windows at eave level, and a gable roof. It was damaged during Hurricane Agnes in 1972, and subsequently rebuilt.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31059200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059200" title="Sturgeon River (Simcoe County)">
Sturgeon River (Simcoe County)

The Sturgeon River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in the municipalities of Tay, Oro-Medonte and Springwater in Simcoe County, Central Ontario, Canada.
Course.
The Sturgeon river begins at an unnamed spring between the Simcoe Highlands and the western edge of the Oro Moraine, and just west of the community of Horseshoe Valley in Oro-Medonte. It passes north through Craigs Swamp, then under Ontario Highway 400 and into Springwater southeast of the community of Hillsdale. It flows over Rumbles Dam and re-enters Oro-Medonte. The river continues north, passes under Simcoe County Road 23 into Tay, then passes under Ontario Highway 12 and through the communities of Sturgeon Bay and Sturgeon Beach to reach its mouth at Sturgeon Bay on Severn Sound, part of Georgian Bay on Lake Huron.

</doc>
<doc id="31059213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059213" title="Tuscarora Academy">
Tuscarora Academy

The Tuscarora Academy in Mifflintown, Juniata County, Pennsylvania is a building from 1816. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
The academy is located about a mile west of the Academia Pomeroy Covered Bridge which is also listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="31059225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059225" title="Mooresburg School">
Mooresburg School

The Mooresburg School is a one story building in Mooresburg, Pennsylvania, USA, that was constructed in 1875 and rebuilt in 1891. It is a brick vernacular building measuring thirty-five feet by twenty-eight feet on a fieldstone foundation and is located on the south side of Route 642-45 one half mile east of Mooresburg. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
History.
The Mooresburg One Room School was constructed in 1875 by Liberty Township near the small village of Mooresburg. In 1891, the Mooresburg School was "rebuilt" by Liberty Township, as indicated on a datestone. It is not known how the school was rebuilt. Mooresburg One Room School remained opened and continued to educate local children in grades one through eight until 1964 when it was acquired by the Montour County Historical Society. It is now a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31059227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059227" title="Silberhütte">
Silberhütte

Silberhütte is German for "silver works" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31059229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059229" title="Captain from Castile (novel)">
Captain from Castile (novel)

Captain from Castile is a historical adventure novel by author Samuel Shellabarger originally published in 1945.
The novel relates the adventures of young Spanish nobleman Pedro de Vargas during the early years of the 16th century, focusing mainly on his mistreatment by the Spanish Inquisition, his adventures in Mexico while serving as a captain during Hernan Cortez' conquest of the Aztecs, and his subsequent return to Spain.
Plot.
Captain from Castile begins on the evening of June 28, 1518 when naïve 19-year-old Pedro de Vargas, the son of local war hero Don Francisco de Vargas, confesses a long list of minor sins to the local priest in Jaen, Spain. The next day, while attending church with his family, Pedro becomes infatuated with the local Marquis' daughter, Luisa de Carvajal.
As Pedro and his family leave church they are met by Diego de Silva, who enlists the help of Pedro in the search for his escaped Indian slave, Coatl. Pedro immediately guesses Coatl's location and sets off alone to find and capture him, but instead is convinced to aid the badly mistreated slave—who claims he is a king among his own people—in his escape.
Pedro then comes across and rescues the local tavern dancer, Catana Pérez, from being raped by several rough men and returns her to the Rosario tavern. There he stops for a drink and befriends Juan García, an adventurous merchant and wanted man, whose mother has been wrongfully taken by the Inquisition. Pedro agrees to deliver García's bribe for his mother's freedom to Father Ignacio de Lora, the head of the Jaen Inquisition, though he does not believe men of God can be bought.
However, when Pedro delivers the money he is surprised to find that Father Ignacio accepts the bribe and agrees to free García's mother. The next night Pedro has a romantic rendezvous with Luisa de Carvajal and when returning home is stopped by Catana's brother Manuel, who informs him that the Inquisition has taken his family and is hunting him. Pedro flees to the Marquis de Carvajal for help, but finds no help from the cowardly nobleman and so flees to the Rosario tavern where Catana begins plans to help him escape Spain. However, Pedro is discovered and arrested there by the Inquisition.
The next morning Pedro is taken back to Jaen, where he witnesses the auto-de-fé at which, despite the bribe, Ignacio de Lora sentences García's mother to death by burning and also sees Garcia (in disguise) manage to kill her before the sentence is carried out. Pedro soon learns that the family has been arrested because of accusations by Coatl's former master, Diego de Silva, who coveted the de Vargas property and whose men Pedro had beaten in defense of Catana's integrity. In an effort to get a confession from Don Francisco, the Inquisition tortures Pedro's sickly sister Mercedes and accidentally kills her.
Afterwards Pedro and his family are rescued from their cells by García and Manuel Pérez. During the escape Pedro is confronted by de Silva, whom he disarms, stabs, and leaves for dead. Afterward the family makes their way through the Sierra de Lucena toward Almería guided by Hernán Soler, a cutthroat whom Catana sells herself to in payment for his help. However during their passage through the mountains, Pedro and García are separated from the others when they are attacked by the Inquisition's hunters. While Pedro's family escapes to Italy, Pedro and Garcia travel to Cadiz and from there join an expedition to Cuba, where they join the company of Hernán Cortez departing for Mexico.
During their stay along the coast of Mexico, the Aztec king Montezuma sends Cortez a tribute of great gold ornaments and, because of his growing favour with Cortez, Pedro is entrusted with one of the guard shifts. However, during his watch, Pedro is called away to help calm down García, who is in a drunken madness. When Pedro returns to the gold, he finds a small pouch of emeralds has been stolen by way of a secret door. Pedro therefore sets out in search of the stolen stones and tracks them to a group of mutineers preparing a ship for escape back to Cuba. Pedro convinces one of them to repent and help him alert the army but during their escape Pedro is wounded in the head and leg by a crossbow.
During Pedro's recovery he receives a promotion to captain (making him the eponymous Captain from Castile), learns of Cortez burning his ships to prevent mutiny, and is reunited with Catana Pérez, who arrives aboard another ship.
Soon after the Spanish head inland towards Tenochtitlan, the capital of the Aztec Empire. Along the way Pedro and Catana fall deeply in love with each other. During their stay in Tenochtitlan, Cortez's company is joined by new group including both Father Ignacio de Lora and a still living Diego de Silva. The Spanish are treated like gods but eventually the Aztecs begin to rebel against the Spanish occupation and the Spanish are besieged within the city. During their desperate escape attempt Pedro, Catana, and García almost escape but are left to die by de Silva.
While awaiting execution by the Aztecs, Pedro witnesses the death of Ignacio de Lora by burning and the miscarriage of his and Catana's first child. However, instead of being executed Pedro, Catana, and García are taken out into the jungle by the Aztecs and transferred to the custody of another tribe ruled by Coatl, the slave Pedro helped to save.
After spending several months living among Coatl's people Pedro becomes eager to return to Cortez. Coatl, as a parting gift, shows Pedro a cave filled with gold treasures which Pedro barters with Cortez to split between themselves, their friends, and the King of Spain. Cortez, now serving as governor of Mexico, has had a son with the native woman who accompanied the conquest of Mexico as his translator, Doña Marina. Pedro returns to Spain rich and world-wise with the King's share and acts as Cortez's ambassador. Upon his return he spurns the (as he now realizes) ambition-serving love of Luisa de Carvajal and is again confronted by Diego de Silva but this time turns the authorities against greedy nobleman and in the end kills de Silva in a fight.
Thereafter the de Vargas family is pardoned and returns to Spain, where Pedro and Catana receive Don Francisco's blessing to be married. The story concludes with the old Don Francisco reflecting on the bright new age his son is entering into, where courage, honor, and love will blossom in the New World just as it had in the Old.
Film adaptation.
The first half of the book was made into a successful film, "Captain from Castile", in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="31059246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059246" title="McConnell House (McConnellsburg, Pennsylvania)">
McConnell House (McConnellsburg, Pennsylvania)

The McConnell House is a historic home located in McConnellsburg Fulton County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1760, and is a 2 1/2-story, "L"-shaped, four bay, yellow pine log structure on a stone foundation. The original rectangular section measures 27 feet by 24 feet, 6 inches. It has a rear wing in two sections, with the newer section dated to 1834. Its original occupant was Daniel McConnell, founder of McConnellsburg.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is located in the McConnellsburg Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="31059247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059247" title="John Fillian">
John Fillian

John Fillian (fl. 1658–1680), was an engraver.
Fillian was a pupil of William Faithorne the Elder, and worked in his style, though he never attained his excellence. Evelyn, in his ‘Sculptura’ (1662), speaks of him as ‘J. Fellian, disciple of Mr. Faithorne, who is a hopeful young man.’ He died early, about 1680, before these hopes could be realised. Very few of his engravings exist, notably a portrait of Thomas Cromwell, Earl of Essex, published by P. Stent in 1658, a good work; a portrait of his master, Faithorne, from a drawing by himself; a copy of J. Payne's portrait of Paracelsus; ‘Dr. Michael,’ after Guido Reni; and the frontispiece to P. Heylyn's ‘Cosmography,’ published in 1669. Walpole was of opinion that Faithorne's engraving of ‘Christ with a Globe,’ from a picture attributed to Raphael, was completed by Fillian.

</doc>
<doc id="31059257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059257" title="Burnt Cabins Gristmill Property">
Burnt Cabins Gristmill Property

The Burnt Cabins Gristmill Property in Burnt Cabins, Pennsylvania includes a gristmill and house built in 1840. 
It is also a contributing property to the Burnt Cabins Historic District.
The historic property is located on Allen's Valley Rd., within Dublin Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The property was documented in the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31059266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059266" title="Henry O'Hara">
Henry O'Hara

O’Hara was born on 6 September 1843 into an ecclesiastical family: his father was for many years Rector of Coleraine, a post he himself was to hold from 1869 to 1894. Educated at Leicester Collegiate School and Trinity College, Dublin he was Vicar of Belfast from 1894 (and its first dean) until around the start of the 20th century. He was then Bishop of Cashel, Emly, Waterford and Lismore, until his retirement in 1919.
He died on 11 December 1923. He had married Hatton Thomasina, the daughter of Thomas Scott of Willsboro. 

</doc>
<doc id="31059285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059285" title="George Fead">
George Fead

George Fead (1729?–1815), was a lieutenant-general and colonel-commandant fourth battalion Royal Artillery.
Career.
Fead entered the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, as a cadet 1 September 1756, became a lieutenant-fireworker Royal Artillery on 8 June 1756, second lieutenant in 1760, first lieutenant in 1764, captain-lieutenant in 1771, captain in 1779, brevet major in 1783, regimental major in 1792, lieutenant-colonel in 1793, brevet colonel in 1797, regimental colonel in 1799, major-general 1803, and lieutenant-general 1810. As a lieutenant-fireworker he was present at the Siege of Louisburg, Cape Breton, in 1758 during the Seven Years' War. He was afterwards taken prisoner at Newfoundland, but exchanged. Returning a second time to America he served there six or seven years, part of the time at Pensacola.
He served in Minorca from 1774 to 1781, and commanded the artillery during the defence of Fort St. Philip from August 1780 to February 1781, during which he lost an eye by the bursting of a shell. He was one of the witnesses on the trial of Lieutenant-general Hon. James Murray, the governor, on charges preferred by Sir William Draper. He went to Newfoundland a second time in 1790, and in 1794 served under the Duke of York in the Flanders Campaign. He went to Jamaica in 1799 and commanded the artillery there many years. He was made lieutenant-governor of Port Royal in 1810. Fead died at his residence, Woolwich Common, 20 November 1815, in the eighty-sixth year of his age and the fifty-eighth of his military service, thirty years of which had been passed abroad. He had nine sons in the service, several of whom were killed or died on duty abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="31059286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059286" title="Carnegie Free Library (Eureka, California)">
Carnegie Free Library (Eureka, California)

The Carnegie Free Library in Eureka, California was built in Classical Revival Style in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986, and currently houses the Morris Graves Museum of Art.
History.
The first reading rooms and libraries in Eureka date from 1859, but they were not stable. The 1878 California Rogers Free Library Act permitted incorporated towns and cities to raise a tax for free reading rooms and public libraries. Eureka was the first city to finance a public library under the Rogers Act and housed its library in rented quarters.
After receiving a $20,000 Carnegie library grant in 1901, the library trustees held a competition and selected local architects Knowles Evans and B.C. Tarver of Eureka to design the building from red brick and Mad River granite exterior with two story solid redwood columns ringing a colorful tile mosaic floor in the domed rotunda. When contractor Ambrose Foster ran over budget, the trustees sought but failed to obtain an additional $10,000 from Carnegie. Changes to the building were few, but the original dome was removed, only a skylight remains. 
The Library was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 recognized both as a Carnegie Library and an example of Classical Revival architecture in a nearly-original condition.
In 1996, the City of Eureka and the Humboldt Arts Council helped save the Library which had been slated for demolition. The capital campaign to save the library raised $1.5 million from corporations, foundations and the local community. Restoration began in 1999 and the Library was converted to house a newly created Museum of Art, named after founding patron, northwest school artist Morris Graves, which opened on January 1, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31059296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059296" title="Viral decay acceleration">
Viral decay acceleration

Viral decay acceleration (VDA) is a therapeutic strategy which increases the mutation frequency of a virus toward an error catastrophe threshold.
Viruses evolve at rates approximately one million times faster than the human genome. The high mutation rate increases diversity within the viral population and facilitates survival in the face of host immune responses, depletion of target cells and antiviral therapeutics. This evolutionary advantage however comes at a considerable cost in that the vast majority of virus particles have mutated beyond a survivability threshold and are therefore non-infectious. Laboratory studies have demonstrated that therapeutics capable of increasing the mutation frequency as little as 2-fold results in collapse of the viral population. These therapeutics, termed VDA agents, accelerate the accumulation of additional mutations in the viral genome, progressively debilitating the virus which causes decay and eventual extinction of the entire viral population.

</doc>
<doc id="31059306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059306" title="Michael McNamara">
Michael McNamara

Michael McNamara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31059308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059308" title="Volcán Bárcena">
Volcán Bárcena

The Bárcena volcano is classified as a dormant, or historical, cinder cone type volcano that encompasses the southern end of the San Benedicto Island, Mexico. It is grouped with a chain of volcanic islands known as the Revillagigedo Islands, Mexico. These islands are situated in close proximity to each other, and can be found in the Pacific ocean. They are also considered to be part of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt. Volcán Bárcena is positioned 220 miles (353.98 kilometers) off the south-eastern coast of the Baja peninsula. The closest city to Barcena is Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
Eruption/Creation.
The Volcan Barcena was created by a series of eruptions that started on 1 August 1952. The first eruption took place in the early morning, and was rated at a 3.0 on the volcanic scale. This eruption spewed immense amounts of ash and rock. The eruption is responsible for the formation of the base of the volcano and the overall extension of the island, the second eruption is responsible for the formation of a large crater inside of the volcanic cone, and the third has been widely accepted as the cause of lava discharge throughout the island. The series of eruptions that created the volcano came to an end less than seven months later. At its peak, the Barcena Volcano reaches an astounding height of 1090 feet (332 meters).

</doc>
<doc id="31059315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059315" title="The Seer (novel series)">
The Seer (novel series)

The Seer Series is a paranormal young adult book series written by American novelist Linda Joy Singleton. There are six books in the series, the first being "Don't Die Dragonfly". The first five books are published by Llewellyn Publications, but the last is published by Flux. Witch Ball, the third book in the series was selected as a Young Adult Library Services Association (YALSA) Quick Pick in 2007.
Plot Summary.
Don't Die Dragonfly.
After being expelled from her old school because of her psychic gift Sabine Rose moves in with her grandmother Nona who also has a "gift". Sabine tries to hide her psychic powers from her family and friends, but has a hard time coming off as a normal teen when her psychic guide Opal always seems to be present in her mind. She has a job in the school newspaper, and her best friend Penny-Love is a cheerleader. Opal tells Sabine that an unnamed girl is in danger, and keeps showing her visions of a dragonfly tattoo. Because of this Sabine is accused of a crime she did not commit.
Last Dance.
Sabine is worried about her grandmother Nona, who is suffering from a memory illness. In order to find a cure for her grandmother she travels to Pine Peaks with her new goth friend Thorn. A ghost named Chloe haunts Sabine's dreams and she must help her rest in peace,and once Sabine is in Pine Peaks her dreams become more pressing. Saving Chloe gets in the way of Sabine's original plans, but her grandmothers illness is not forgotten.
Witch Ball.
Sabine is on a search for charms, in order to find the book that will help her grandmother. She has two so far and is looking for the third. She brings back a witch ball that was given to her from the relative in Pine Peaks, but her grandmother believes it to be cursed. The witch ball keeps showing up when Sabine tries to avoid it, and it has caused strange things to happen. After a mishap in getting the wrong ball for a psychic booth at a carnival, the witch ball predicts Sabine's death. She must figure out what it means before it is too late.
Sword Play.
The spirit of the teen who Sabine tried to save at her old school, Kip, is telling Sabine to "Help him". At her mothers orders Sabine must move back to her own home. She reunites with her old fencing club friends, which brings up memories of her getting kicked out of school, and a betrayal by her best friend Brianne. Kip's ghost continues to warn Sabine of someone who is in trouble. It leads her to investigate the accident that killed Kip, and a dangerous duel.
Fatal Charm.
Sabine goes back to living with her ill grandmother Nona, and is reunited with her friends from high school. She learns that her father has another daughter, but wants nothing to do with her half-sister Jade. Without meaning to Sabine spies on Jade, and witnesses a murder. Sabine is distracted by her grandmothers poor health and is in a rush to find the cure. Sabine has puzzling feelings for two different boys and her resentment towards her dad is growing. When the killer from the murder she saw turns out to be real, she has to turn to the person she trusts the least.
Magicians Muse.
Sabine's life seems to have gone back to normal. Her grandmother is well, she has a new boyfriend and she loves her friends. But her psychic abilities are put to the test when her ex boyfriend has mysteriously gone missing. While looking for clues she runs into Jade and they get into a fight. Jade tries calling Sabine, but her calls are ignored. Sabine finds out later that now Jade has gone missing too. Also a private investigator shows up asking about Dominic's past, and he talks about leaving. Sabine finally hears from Jade and a plan is made for them to switch places, but it puts her in great danger.
Characters.
Sabine Main character of the story, she has a psychic ability that runs in her family. She has Blond hair and a single streak of black hair that is a characteristic of a psychic. She tries to hide her ability from her friends and family, because it got her kicked out of her last school. 
Nona Is the grandmother of Sabine. Nona also has a psychic gift, and uses it for her dating service. She had a memory illness throughout the books, but is better by the last.
Opal Sabine's spirit guide who appears in Sabine's head and dreams. She often helps Sabine but gives her clues or riddles instead of straight forward answers.
Dominic A boy who Nona hired as help for around the house. He has a mysterious past, and becomes a love interest for Sabine.
Josh He becomes Sabine's boyfriend at the end of the first book. He likes magic and hopes to become a successful magician. But he breaks up with her after he sees her with a group performing a seance.
Thorn She becomes one of Sabine's close friends throughout the series. She wears a lot of black and pretends that she does not really care for Sabine, but she is kind hearted.
Penny-Love Sabine's cheerleader best friend. She loves to gossip and talk to Sabine about her boy problems. 
Manny Another friend of Sabine's. He works for the school newspaper and writes the column "Mystic Manny". He has Sabine help him with his predictions for the paper. And he uses his many connections to help Sabine when she needs it.
Critical Reception.
Overall the book series seems to have a following of younger readers. The third book in the series was chosen as a YALSA quick pick in 2007.An article in the School Library Journal Reviews says that the book starts off slow but speeds up after a few chapters. The story is average for the genre but some parts are plenty poetic and help set the mood. Kliatt reviews said that the books were "Tingly and otherworldly."

</doc>
<doc id="31059338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059338" title="John Walker (Archdeacon of Essex)">
John Walker (Archdeacon of Essex)

John Walker D.D. (died 1588) was an English churchman, archdeacon of Essex from 1571.
Life.
Walker graduated from Cambridge, B.A. in 1547, and M.A. of Peterhouse in 1551. He was B.D. in 1563, and D.D. in 1569. He was presented to the small living of Alderton, Suffolk, and at some time was a noted preacher at Ipswich.
In February 1563 Walker attended Convocation as proctor for the clergy of Suffolk. In this capacity he voted in favour of the six articles for reforming rites and ceremonies, and signed the petition of the lower house for improved discipline. In 1564 he was licensed to be parish chaplain in St. Peter's, Norwich. Here his gpreaching was admired, and Matthew Parker, finding in 1568 that Walker was about to return to Alderton to avoid an information for non-residence, suggested that one of the prebendaries named Smythe should resign in Walker's favour. Parker also appealed to Lord-chancellor Nicholas Bacon, as did the Duke of Norfolk, with the result that, after some delay, Walker was installed a canon of Norwich on 20 December 1569. 
In September 1570 Walker and some other Puritan prebendaries protested against the ornaments in Norwich Cathedral. He was cited, it appears, to Lambeth Palace in 1571 for his puritanism, but was collated to the archdeaconry of Essex on 10 July 1571, to the rectory of Laindon-cum-Basildon, Essex, on 12 November 1573, and on 14 August 1575 was installed prebendary of Mora in St. Paul's Cathedral.
John Aylmer summoned Walker in 1578 to elect sixty of the clergy to be visitors during the prevalence of the plague. In 1581 he was prominent in the conviction of Richard Wright, chaplain to Robert Rich, 2nd Baron Rich, who because of his ordination at Antwerp was refused a license by the bishop; and on 27 September of the same year he assisted William Charke at a conference in the Tower of London with Edmund Campion, the Jesuit. The fourth day's dispute was chiefly in Walker's hands. Bishop Aylmer also employed him to collect materials for a work in refutation of Campion's "Decem Rationes", and in 1582 appointed him to confer with captured Catholic priests. He preached at Aylmer's visitation on 21 June 1583, but resigned the archdeaconry about August 1585, and died before 12 December 1588, on which date the prebend in St. Paul's was declared vacant by his death.
Works.
Walker wrote a dedicatory epistle to "Certaine Godlie Homilies or Sermons", translated by Robert Norton from Rodolph Gualter, London, 1573.

</doc>
<doc id="31059342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059342" title="Carnegie Library (Boulder, Colorado)">
Carnegie Library (Boulder, Colorado)

The Carnegie Library in Boulder, Colorado is a building from 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The building is now known as the Carnegie Branch Library for Local History, and is a branch of the Boulder Public Library.

</doc>
<doc id="31059361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059361" title="Carnegie Library (Monte Vista, Colorado)">
Carnegie Library (Monte Vista, Colorado)

The Carnegie Library in Monte Vista, Colorado is a building from 1919. It was designed by Denver architect John J. Huddart in Classical Revival style. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
The Carnegie Library in Monte Vista is one of two public libraries that continue to serve Rio Grande County.

</doc>
<doc id="31059364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059364" title="Arthur Charles Jeston Richardson">
Arthur Charles Jeston Richardson

Arthur Charles Jeston Richardson (23 February 1872 – 3 April 1939), an Australian cyclist and mining engineer, became the first person to circumnavigate the continent of Australia on a bicycle.
Early life and career.
Richardson was born on 23 February 1872 at Pernambuco (Recife), Brazil, one of ten children. The family moved to Port Augusta, South Australia, while Arthur was very young. He attended Whinham College and Adelaide Collegiate School. After becoming a mining engineer, Richardson traveled the Australian gold fields looking for new strikes. 
Richardson decided to become the first cyclist to cross the stiflingly hot Nullabor Plain. On 24 November 1896, Richardson left Coolgardie for Adelaide by bicycle. Carrying only a small kit and a water-bag, he followed the telegraph line, as he crossed the Nullabor. He later described the heat as "1,000 degrees in the shade". He successfully completed the journey, arriving in Adelaide thirty-one days later. As the first man to pedal the Nullabor, Richardson's ride was widely reported in Australian newspapers and periodicals of the day.
Circumnavigating Australia.
In 1899 Richardson set out to be the first to ride round the Australian continent. He left Perth on 5 June 1899, heading north, carrying 25 pounds of gear and a pistol. Heavy rain slowed his progress in Western Australia, and later in the north, where the black-soil plains were unrideable for several days. He had to push and carry his bicycle through sand and silt, encountering hostile native inhabitants along the way. He arrived back in Perth on 4 February 1900 after travelling 11,500 miles (18,507 km). Richardson's ride was something of a race, as he beat out three other competing Australians - Alex and Frank White, and Donald Mackay, who were simultaneously attempting to circumnavigate the continent in a counter-clockwise direction from Brisbane.
Later life.
Richardson later moved to South Africa, where he served three years with the South Australian militia before joining the 3rd (Bushmen's) Contingent, Victorian Mounted Rifle Regiment of Western Australia, destined for the Boer War. He left Fremantle, Western Australia on 13 March 1900 with a bicycle donated by a local agent for use as a dispatch rider. The contingent disembarked at Beira, Mozambique on 18 April. In June 1900 Richardson was discharged from military service at Marandellas, near Salisbury, Rhodesia, after breaking his arm.
Richardson worked briefly in West Africa. He married Gwendolyn Bedwell, and moved to Chile where he worked as a mining engineer. The couple had one son while living in Chile, James Herbert. Richardson was badly wounded in World War I and spent two years in hospital at Rouen, France. He later divorced, and moved to England to work as an engineer. On 26 July 1934 he married an English widow, Rita Betsy Elliott-Druiff. The couple settled in Scarborough, North Yorkshire. During this time he began showing symptoms of severe mental illness, which may have been caused by his war injuries.
Richardson died on 3 April 1939 at his home in Scarborough, North Yorkshire of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, after first shooting his wife. He was survived by James, his son from his first marriage who had remained in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31059379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059379" title="Dean Sewell (photographer)">
Dean Sewell (photographer)

Dean Sewell (b 1972) is a multi-award winning Australian documentary photographer. He lives in Sydney with his partner, fellow photographer Tamara Dean.
Career.
Sewell grew up in Sydney and started his career as a news photographer for The Sydney Morning Herald. 
His first major award arrived when he was a very young photographer in 1994 when he was awarded the Nikon-Walkley Australian Press Photographer of the Year. 
Based in Moscow in 1996 and 1997, Dean covered the Chechen War and Russian Federal Elections as well as documenting social issues in the former Soviet Union. 
Dean's series on The Block, an Aboriginal community in Redfern, an inner suburb of Sydney, was showcased at the Visa pour L'Image festival of photojournalism in Perpignan, France. 
In 2001, Dean was a co-founder of the Australian photographic collective Oculi, which features Australia's best professional photographers.
In 2004, Dean flew to Aceh just after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami and photographed the aftermath. His powerful and heartbreaking work, shot on black and white film, won a World Press Award.

</doc>
<doc id="31059383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059383" title="Carnegie Library (Dublin, Georgia)">
Carnegie Library (Dublin, Georgia)

The Carnegie Library in Dublin, Georgia is a building from 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The funding for the original building was provided largely by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie who offered $10,000 as part of his educational programme. The architectural company of Bruce, Morgan, and Dillon designed the building, and John A. Kelley was contacted for the construction.
The building is currently used as the Laurens County Historical Society and Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31059399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059399" title="Baird Mountains">
Baird Mountains

The Baird Mountains are a mountain range located northeast of the Kotzebue Sound, in between the Kobuk and Noatak Rivers in Alaska. The range was named after Smithsonian Institution Secretary, Spencer F. Baird.
Geographical setting.
The Baird Mountains are located at in the Western Brooks mountain range in northwestern Alaska, consisting of 5,600 square miles (14,500 square kilometers). The mountains are approximately sixty miles (100 kilometers) northeast of the town of Kotzebue, Alaska. Although the mountains seem much greater in size due to their closeness to the rivers, they are not very large when compared with the other Alaskan mountains that have elevations from 1,000 to 4,500 feet. The Baird Mountains have an elevation that reaches to approximately 3,000 feet (900 m), with its highest peak at Mount Angayukaqsraq, which measures at 4,700 ft (1,433 m).
Human history.
The Kuuvanmiit Eskimos, a branch of the Iñupiat Eskimos who have resided among polar regions from Alaska to Greenland, have lived in the five villages along the Kobuk River in the Baird Mountains region for thousands of years. They are hunter-gatherers and are amongst the few people who continue to live by such a lifestyle in North America.
Ecology and climate.
The climate of the Baird Mountains is mostly like that of the rest of Alaska. Since the Pacific Ocean is near the Baird Mountains, the ocean greatly influences and enhances the temperature extremities. Winter lasts approximately five months, from November to March, during which the temperature is near or below 0°F. The temperature can drop as low as -60°F to -70°F, and it is not uncommon for cold spells of -40°F to -50°F to last from one to three weeks. The level of snowfall can reach approximately 100 inches in the mountains to about 45 inches in lower elevations. Gale winds and snow from storms that blow in from the coast interrupt this below-freezing period, causing temperatures to rise from 0°F to 20°F or higher. The other extremity consists of summer, which only lasts for three months, from June to August. Precipitation is heaviest during the summer, bringing warmer temperatures along with common convective showers, in which the intensity of the rain quickly changes. Temperatures range from as low as c. 35°F to as high as 90°F, averaging from about 50°F to 60°F. Spring and autumn come and go rather quickly, lingering for only six to eight weeks.
Daylight periods change as the seasons change. From May to August, darkness does not linger for long. Instead of rising or setting, the sun circles just above the horizon, turning to darkness only for a few hours when the sun circles behind the mountains. During the quick seasons of spring and autumn, the length of daylight changes by six to eight minutes each day.
Flora.
The vegetation in the Baird Mountains is surprisingly varied for an area just above the Arctic Circle, and over 360 plant species are endemic. A network of different patterns of forests, tundra and plants lining the coasts vary depending on their elevation, climate, soil and fire history.

</doc>
<doc id="31059415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059415" title="Jörg Spengler">
Jörg Spengler

Jörg Spengler (23 December 1938 – 26 November 2013) was a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Tornado class" with Jörg Schmall at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
