<doc id="31003511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003511" title="Church 2011">
Church 2011

Church 2011 is a memorandum promulgated by Catholic theology professors, primarily from Germany, Switzerland and Austria. The memorandum, whose full German title is "Kirche 2011: Ein notwendiger Aufbruch", was started in Germany in January 2011. The memorandum is a general demand for reform of the Roman Catholic Church in response to the sexual abuse scandal among German priests.
The memorandum demands:
, over 300 Catholic professors, theologians and other religious scientists from across the world had signed the memorandum.

</doc>
<doc id="31003512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003512" title="No Monkey Business">
No Monkey Business

No Monkey Business is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Gene Gerrard, June Clyde and Renée Houston.
Synopsis.
After a music hall performer has his performing partner, an ape, confiscated by his financial creditors he persuades his assistant to dress up and impersonate the animal so that he can continue his act. However a series of embarressments arise when they are invited to stay at a country house by a young woman who wishes to demonstrate to her father her theory that apes are as intelligent as people.
Production.
The film was made by the independent company Radius Productions at the British and Dominion Studios at Elstree.
Bibliography.
Sutton, David R. "A chorus of raspberries: British film comedy 1929–1939". University of Exeter Press, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31003519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003519" title="Futuristic Retro Champions">
Futuristic Retro Champions

Futuristic Retro Champions were a Scottish indie band from Edinburgh and Glasgow who sang and played Electropop with a Scottish brogue. They played support for such headliners as Kate Nash, Ladyhawke, The Vaselines, Bombay Bicycle Club, Charlotte Hatherley, Friendly Fires and Glasvegas, before eventually headlining their own shows.
History.
Futuristic Retro Champions played their debut public gig at Edinburgh's Wee Red Bar in 2006. They'd met at Edinburgh College of Art, and the band properly took shape when Carla, Sita and Luke wrote the song, 'Lullaby' together as a soundtrack to a film they'd made. They turned to Harry to help record the song, and when recording the first version of 'Hi!', were joined by Dan on trumpet. Carla and Sita then moved to Lithuania, where they continued to develop their sound. On their return, Adam joined the band on synth.
In 2007, The List named them as a band to look out for that year. Then in June, they headlined at Glasgow's King Tut's Wah Wah Hut, supported by fellow electro popsters Pooch. That same year while still at college, they played support for Kate Nash, Glasvegas, and Friendly Fires, and headlined "The 2007 Art College Revel". Also at an Art College tribute night in memory of their tutor and mentor Paul Carter, they were joined on stage by Eugene Kelly of Scottish indie band The Vaselines, for covers of (The Vaselines' songs) 'Son Of A Gun' and 'You Think You're A Man'.
In 2008, Carla, Harry and Sita's long-term friend Cecilia 'Ceal' Stamp replaced Luke on bass, while Adam and Dan also left. The new lineup supported Ladyhawke, visited London a couple of times, played Shoreditch, and supported (former BiS star) Manda Rin. In 2009 they played the Heavylight/Darkbright club night in Stereo, then in March, Edinburgh's The Mill. Next, on a trip to London, they supported The Vaselines at The Forum, then played the Hinterland Festival. During summer they played the inaugural Define Pop Festival.
Moving to Glasgow they began to concentrate on writing new songs. They supported Charlotte Hatherley at King Tut's, and their music was played on Radio 1, Radio 6 Music, Jim Gellatly's New Music podcast, Subcity Radio, Glasgow PodcART and Gill Mills' 'Best of MySpace' podcast. In 2010 they played King Tut's again, then Sneaky Petes in Edinburgh, and London's Club Fandango. The FRC EP was launched with a packed and overspilling sellout show at The 13th Note Café. In March they recorded four new tracks at La Chunky Studio in Glasgow, and in April, headlined Sneaky Petes. Their (free) La Chunky EP was released in the summer, when they played the Hidden Lane Festival.
The debut single 'May The Forth / Settle Down' was released at a Mono launch night in Glasgow on 5 August 2010, with Turner Prize-winning artist Martin Creed, who supplied the original artwork, performing a rare set with his band; also The Vaselines' Eugene Kelly; and the Hidden Masters. The single was favourably reviewed, receiving airplay on Radio 1 by Ally McCrae, and also by Kissy Sell Out (who played/remixed it twice on air, inviting them to play one of his Birmingham nights).
On October 21, 2010, the band announced on Facebook and Twitter, the December launch (at shows in Glasgow and Edinburgh) of a "Retrospective" album featuring all songs recorded to date; and also that they would ""... not be continuing into 2011."" Then on November 20, another announcement said bassist Ceal had suffered a shattered elbow, and the farewell/album party gigs would have to be postponed until 2011.
Their 26-track, 2-CD debut/retrospective album 'Love And Lemonade' was released in April 2011.
Band Name.
Interviewed in the "Jez Curnow" movie "The Art School Dance", Carla reveals that she and her brother were in a school contest to coin ""the best band name"", and "Futuristic Retro Champions" is what they arrived at. Carla decided that if ever she were in a band, that would be its name.
Discography.
Compilations.
CD1: Epic New Song, Jenna, Isn't It Lovely, Kitten With A Loaded Gun, You Make My Heart, Strawberries And Vodka Shots, Let's Make Out, Speak To Me, Told Ya, Pulling Box Shapes, Settle Down, DIY Lovesong, May The Forth, Robert De Niro's Waiting, Count To Ten "(Kevin's version)".
CD2: Hi!, I'm Tired, Old Man (Magpie Eyes), Nintendo, Oh My God, Drunk Love, One Last Time "(acoustic feat. David Pollock)", Uh Oh (No Show), May The Forth "(Miaoux Miaoux remix)", Speak To Me "(Isaac Martin remix)", Told Ya "(TYGH remix)".
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="31003533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003533" title="Recapitulation theory of atonement">
Recapitulation theory of atonement

The recapitulation theory of the atonement is a doctrine in Christian theology related to the meaning and effect of the death of Jesus Christ.
Although sometimes absent from summaries of atonement theories, generally overviews of the history of the doctrine of the atonement include a section about the “recapitulation” view of the atonement, which was first clearly formulated by Irenaeus.
One of the main New Testament scriptures upon which this view is based states: "purpose is, in the fulness of the times, to sum up all things in Christ, the things in the heavens, and the things upon the earth..." (Ephesians 1:10, RV). The Greek word for 'sum up' were literally rendered 'to recapitulate' in Latin.
In the recapitulation view of the atonement, Christ is seen as the new Adam who succeeds where Adam failed. Christ undoes the wrong that Adam did and, because of his union with humanity, leads humankind on to eternal life (including morality).
History.
As highlighted above, Irenaeus is considered to be the first to clearly express a recapitulation view of the atonement, although he is anticipated by Justin Martyr, whom Irenaeus quotes in Against Heresies 4.6.1:
There follows two representative quotes from Irenaeus:
For Irenaeus, the ultimate goal of Christ's work of solidarity with humankind is to make humankind divine. Of Jesus he says, he 'became what we are, that He might bring us to be even what He is Himself'. This idea 'has been highly influential in the Greek Orthodox Church', having been taken on by many other Church Fathers, such as Athanasius, Augustine and Clement of Alexandria. This Eastern Orthodox theological development out of the recapitulation view of the atonement is called "theosis".
A more contemporary, slightly differing expression of the recapitulation view can be seen in D. E. H. Whiteley's reading of Paul the Apostle's theology. Whiteley favourably quotes Irenaeus' notion that Christ 'became what we are, that He might bring us to be even what He is Himself', although he never describes Paul's view of the atonement as a recapitulation; rather, he uses the word 'participation':

</doc>
<doc id="31003540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003540" title="Yoshifumi Ono">
Yoshifumi Ono

Yoshifumi Ono (born May 22, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31003545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003545" title="Bill Hallman (outfielder)">
Bill Hallman (outfielder)

William Harry "Bill" Hallman (March 15, 1876 – April 23, 1950) was an American professional baseball player. As an outfielder, he played for three different team in Major League Baseball; the Milwaukee Brewers in 1901, the Chicago White Sox in 1903, and the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1906 and 1907. Additionally, he had long minor league baseball career, beginning in 1894 and ending in 1914. Hallman died at the age of 74 in his hometown of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and is interred at Mount Peace Cemetery. He is the nephew of Bill Hallman, who also played baseball at the major league level.

</doc>
<doc id="31003560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003560" title="TJ Baník Ružiná">
TJ Baník Ružiná

FK Baník Ružiná is a Slovak football team, based in the village of Ružiná. The club was founded in 1961.
Crest.
Club colours are: green-black and white-black.
Current squad.
"As of 22 March 2014."
"For recent transfers, see List of Slovak football transfers winter 2012-13."

</doc>
<doc id="31003590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003590" title="Women's Football at the 2009 Island Games">
Women's Football at the 2009 Island Games

The 2009 Island Games in Åland was the 5th edition in which a women's football (soccer) tournament was played at the multi-games competition. It was contested by 10 teams.
The Åland Islands won the tournament for the second time.
See also.
Men's Football at the 2009 Island Games

</doc>
<doc id="31003622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003622" title="John Coney (silversmith)">
John Coney (silversmith)

John Coney (5 January 1655 - 20 August 1722) was an early American silversmith and goldsmith from Boston, Massachusetts. He specialised in engraving. From the 1690s on, Coney was considered the most important Bostonian silversmith of his day. In 1702, he engraved the paper money for Massachusetts. Coney also designed a version of the seal of Harvard College. 
John Coney was the apprentice of and later brother-in-law to Jeremiah Dummer, the first American-born silversmith. He married Mary Atwater, sister of Dummer's wife, in 1694. They were widower and widow, Coney was married twice before. He had twelve children in total, but only five daughters survived beyond infancy. 
His last apprentice, from 1716 until the time of Coney's death, was Apollos Rivoire, father of Paul Revere, and his indirect influence on Revere was considerable. Other apprentices included the brothers Samuel (1684-1713) and John (1692-1720) Gray, early silversmiths from Connecticut, and John Burt.
Many examples of his work, including a sugar box and two chocolate boxes, are in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. Other sites containing Coney's work include the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Birmingham Museum of Art, and the Yale University Art Gallery. A silver plate by Coney was sold for $324,750 at Sotheby's in New York in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="31003623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003623" title="Al Wiseman">
Al Wiseman

Alvin R. Wiseman (August 25, 1918 - May 17, 1988) was an American cartoonist who worked on both comic strips and comic books, notably his long stint on the "Dennis the Menace" comic books.
After Wiseman worked in advertising, he became an assistant to Hank Ketcham on "Dennis the Menace". Wiseman and writer Fred Toole worked on the "Dennis the Menace" comic book from 1953 into the 1960s.
Al Wiseman was the Ghost Cartoonist for "Dennis the Menace". Wiseman drew from everyday life, giving meticulous attention to detail. In the case of Dennis The Menace, he developed the image of Dennis from my uncle Jim Wiseman's face and the image of Ruff from my mom's dog of the same name (for more insider details, visit www.AlWiseman.ORG, the only by family, for family website created in honor his legacy). The story I was raised hearing was my grandfather and Hank Ketcham had a deal (shaking hands over a golf game) that went like this: whomever could think of a strip first, the other would be his ghost. My mom indicates Alice (Hank's wife) deserves the real credit for coming up with the name of the strip. In any event, based solely on having given his word, Wiseman gave up a million dollar contract deal with the largest dairy in California, at the time (Golden State - for whom he created the "Land of Ohs and Ahs" cartoon work for their advertising), in order to do the art for Dennis The Menace.
He had his own feature, "Punky", in the "Dennis the Menace" comic books. 
"Charley Jones Laugh Book".
Wiseman did covers for "Charley Jones Laugh Book", contributed to George Crenshaw's "Belvedere" and drew the "Yogi Bear" newspaper strip. He also did children's books, such as "We Learn to Play" (1954).
Reprints.
A "Dennis the Menace" story by Wiseman and Toole was reprinted in the Art Spiegelman and Françoise Mouly collection, "The Toon Treasury of Classic Children's Comics" (Abrams, 2009).
Influence.
Wiseman's clean line was an influence on several cartoonists, including Jaime Hernandez, Gilbert Hernandez, Al Gordon and Daniel Clowes.

</doc>
<doc id="31003630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003630" title="Ivan Khudoleyev">
Ivan Khudoleyev


</doc>
<doc id="31003633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003633" title="Theodore Skoutariotes">
Theodore Skoutariotes

Theodore Skoutariotes () was a Byzantine cleric and official during the reign of Michael VIII Palaiologos (r. 1259–1282).
Skoutariotes was born ca. 1230. As a deacon, he served as "epi ton deeseon" (receiver of petitions) and was named as "dikaiophylax" in 1270. He served as Michael VIII's ambassador to the Pope in 1277, and was metropolitan bishop of Kyzikos from 1277 until he was deposed in 1282.
The German historian A. Heisenberg identified Skoutariotes with the anonymous author of a chronicle preserved in the Marcian Library in Venice ("Marc. gr." 407), which begins with the Creation and reaches to 1261. The chronicle is particularly valuable for its additions to the narrative of George Akropolites, which are of great importance for the history of 13th-century Byzantium.

</doc>
<doc id="31003636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003636" title="Juraj Dobrović">
Juraj Dobrović

Juraj Dobrović (; born 1928 in Jelsa, Croatia) is a Croatian artist working in the media of sculpture, painting and graphic arts. The focus of his art is mainly oriented towards geometrical structures. He makes use of light effects to emphasize the plasticity of the form. Dobrović's works are closely related to the principles of Geometric abstraction and Neo-constructivism. He lives and works in Zagreb, Croatia.
He belonged to the New Tendencies art movement and participated at the New Tendencies exhibitions in Zagreb (1965, 1969 and 1973). He published the graphic maps "Fields 1" (1967), "Fields 2" (1969) and "Campi 3" (1971). He is especially known for his spatial constructions and reliefs for example "Spatial Construction", 1966 and "Folded Square", 1973.
He has had solo exhibitions in Croatia and abroad (since 1962). He has exhibited at the Venice Biennale (1972), the São Paulo Art Biennial (1973), at Expo-67 in Montreal (1967) and in the exhibition, "Constructivism and Kinetic Art" (Zagreb, 1995). He had a retrospective exhibition at the Glyptotheque of the Croatian Academy in Zagreb (2003). He was a five-time winner of the Zagreb School of Yugoslav Graphic Arts biennial exhibition award (1966–1982). His works are kept by Croatian and renowned European museums and private collections.
One extensive catalogue and one monograph about his work have been published to date:

</doc>
<doc id="31003641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003641" title="Marcos Aurélio Fernandes da Silva">
Marcos Aurélio Fernandes da Silva

Marcos Aurélio full name Marcos Aurélio Fernandes da Silva (born 23 September 1977) is a Brazilian footballer.
Biography.
Marcos Aurélio was signed by Cruzeiro in 2005 for a reported R$50,000. He failed to play regularly for Cruzeiro due to injury. His contract was terminated in August 2005. In the same month he was signed by Fluminense in 4-month deal. In 2006 he left for Chinese Super League and unsuccessfully converted to a forward.
In January 2007 he returned to Brazil and signed a 1-year contract with Portuguesa. In January 2008 he renewed his contract to last until December 2010. In August he returned to São Caetano in 1-year loan. He was released in April 2009 and transferred to Vitória for the rest of 2009 season. In January 2010 Brasiliense signed him definitely in 1½ year contract. He was released again in August and joined Bragantino for the rest of 2010 season. In January 2011 he was offered a new 1-year extension. In June he left for Itumbiara, again for the rest of 2011 season. He was released in September.
In 2012 at first he played for Audax-SP, then in February 2012 for Botafogo (SP) until end of the São Paulo state league.
In 2013 he left for São José Esporte Clube and scored twice.

</doc>
<doc id="31003645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003645" title="Glenealy GAA">
Glenealy GAA

Glenealy () is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the parish of Glenealy and Ashford in County Wicklow, Ireland. The club was founded in 1885 as a football club but switched codes to the game of hurling in the early 1920s.
In senior hurling Glenealy compete annually in the Wicklow Senior Club Hurling Championship, which they have won thirteen times as of 2012.
History.
Football.
It was as a football team that Glenealy set out in Wicklow GAA. The first game they played was at Avondale on March 20, 1887, when they suffered defeat at the hands of Glendalough, 0-4 to nil. There was very little coverage for G.A.A. in those days, but they were noted in action again at Newrath on February 19, 1888, and this time they went down to Brittas 0-3 to 0-0. No names were mentioned in relation to either of those matches.
Another mention was found of Glenealy footballers in 1907. On April 21, they beat Killiskey 2-11 to 0-1 in some kind of a tournament game. Byrne, Doyle, Hennessy, Murray, Ellis, Farrell, Newsome and Healy were mentioned as playing well in that game. A small entry was located about the fact that they reached the Wicklow Junior final in 1921.
They were beaten in that final by two points to one, but only one name was mentioned and that was Chris Mernagh of Ballinacor. However, Tommy Glynn (club PRO) did manage to dig up the names of that Glenealy team — Tom Porter (goal), Jack Horgan, Jack Jordan, Gen Dunne, Mick Durneen, Jack Flynn, Mick Dunbar, Frank Newsome, Paddy Doyle, Jim Porter, Bill 'Budget' Glynn, Lar 'Cricket' Byrne, Jack 'Bough' Byrne, Jim 'Doctor' Byrne, Jack 'Cocker' Byrne. Subs: Hugh Cooney, Jim 'Can' Byrne and Paddy 'Tige' Byrne.
Hurling.
Glenealy turned to hurling in the 1920s.
1930s.
They reached their first hurling final in 1932 only to be narrowly beaten by Carnew, 3-0 to 2-2. The match was played on December 4, 1932, and the Glenealy team was as follows: Tom, Ned and George Porter, Joe and W. Glynn, M. Timmins, M. Anderson, G. Kavanagh, E. McNabb, James Shannon, John Byrne, L. Byrne, John Flynn, Michael Doyle. They didn't have much success in the next decade.
1940s.
They kept the flag flying and finally got around to winning a Minor hurling title in 1946. Playing on that team were — Tony and Jim Porter, Bill Murphy, Louie Byrne, Bob Douglas, Jay Byrne (remember the show band!), Jack Manly, Jack Murphy, Jimmy and Noel Quinn, Ned Barrett, Paddy Doyle, Liam Byrne, Joe Doyle, Gerry Byrne. They also had some players who shared in the Ashford Junior hurling victory in 1943.
From 1946 onwards Glenealy began to concentrate on Minor hurling. They won the 1947 title.
1950s.
They figured in most finals up to 1951 when the won county honours again. They repeated the performance in 1952 and also won the Junior hurling championship in 1951. The 1951 Minor side was as follows - Christy Byrne, Larry Cullen, Jim Duffy, John and Charlie Byrne, Alfie Byrne, Jim Byrne, Tom Shannon, Paul Kelly, Eddie Galvin, Tom Cooney, Jim Haughton, Kevin Douglas, Paudge Byrne, John Porter. Subs.: P. J. Burke, Peter Kavanagh, Liam Richardson and Michael Doyle. Larry Cullen, Paddy Lott, Jim Kavanagh, Malachy Byrne and Tommy Byrne figured on the 1950 Minor team with most of the people above. Glenealy were beaten by Avoca in the 1950 Junior hurling final, 8-2 to 5-2 and the team included: S. Murphy, S. Quinn, N. Quinn, S. O'Neill, T. Porter, L. Murray, R. Douglas, R. Ryan, S. Doyle (2), S. Kavanagh, P. Kelly, S. Porter, P. and J. Byrne.
Following on Junior and Minor wins Glenealy began to gather power and reached their first Senior final in 1953 when they were beaten by Avoca at Ashford. The score in that game was 5-7 to 2-1. The team that figured in that campaign included — W. Byrne, L. Cullen, P. Kelly, N. Quinn, P. Murphy, E. Moules, T. Shannon, J. Kavanagh, R. Douglas, J. Doyle, M. Burke, P. Byrne (2), T. Cooney, C. Byrne, D. Cooney, T. Byrne. Eamon 'Fitz' Moules had refereed a game before turning out with Glenealy for the final.
Next came the big day—December 1, 1957—when Glenealy took their first Senior hurling title. They won again in 1958 when they beat Kilcoole 4-7 to 4-3 with the team lining out as follows — Lorcan Staines, Jim O'Neill, Bill Murphy, Lar Cullen, P. J. Burke, Noel Quinn, Kevin Douglas, Fintan Ingolsby, Bob Douglas, Peter Kavanagh, Charlie Byrne, Mai Byrne, Tom Cooney, Sean Kennedy, Paudge Byrne. Subs.: Louie Byrne, Jack Murphy, Billy Barrett, Jim Doyle, John Kavanagh. Twelve of those played in 1957 with Paul Kelly, Jack Murphy, Billy Luddy and John Kavanagh. In 1959 Glenealy beat Barndarrig 4-4 to 3-3 with the following team — L. Staines, J. O'Neill, Mick Kelly, Jack Murphy, Lar Cullen, Noel Quinn, P. J. Burke, Jimmy Kearns, Bob Douglas, Peter Kavanagh, Charlie Byrne, John Kavanagh, Tom Cooney, Sean Kennedy and Paudge Byrne. Subs.: Tom Regan, Noel Carthy, Owen Melia, Billy Barrett and Fr. Dermot Kavanagh.
1960s.
Glenealy won three more Minor titles in 1960, 1961 and 1964. 1964 team - Ray Donoghue, Sean Doyle, Brian Carthy, Gene Anderson, James Ward, Pat Doyle, Sean O'Brien, Joe Kelly, Tommy Glynn, Liam Hamilton, Noel Staunton, Mick O'Neill, Tony Behan, Kevin Byrne and Kenny Quinn. The biggest G.A.A. night ever in Glenealy was Wednesday, May 11, 1960. That was the night that the hurling Cup was officially handed over to the club for the three in a row success at Glenealy Hall. The medals for 1969 were also distributed and we noticed that Noel Carthy, the well-known Ashford footballer was among the recipients as well as William Barrett, Owen Melia and Jim Doyle.
1970s.
The next win for Glenealy was a Junior hurling title in 1971 when they beat Newcastle 4-6 to 2-2 in the final. There were quite a few new faces on that team which reads as follows — Gene Anderson, Bill Staunton, Mick Connolly, Charlie and Eddie Kelly, Mick O'Neill, Mick Doyle, Pat Doyle, Pat Berkery, Eamonn Kelly, Tommy Glynn, John Glynn, Patsy and Seamus Byrne, Don Gorman. Subs.: Gene Fowley, Noel Staunton, John Flynn and Willie Gorman. Many of the same lads were aboard in 1975 when Glenealy won their fourth Senior hurling title by beating Arklow Rocks 3-2 to 2-3 at Aughrim. Line-out: Gene Anderson, Bill Staunton, Mick Connolly, Eamonn Kelly, Mick O'Neill, Mick Doyle, Bernard Flood, John Glynn (captain), Peter Ennis, Tommy Glynn, Paddy Barry, Tony Barnaville, Don Gorman, Charlie Kelly, Sean Snell. The substitutes included: Tom Cody, Liam Phelan, Bernie Byrne, Pat O'Connor, John and Seamus O'Neill. Glenealy also contested the 1974 final, beaten by Carnew 2-4 to 0-3, and the 1977 final, beaten by Arklow Rocks 2-11 to 0-5. Among a long list of Minor successes Glenealy can also lay claim to winning the 1979 hurling league and the 1971 and 1978 Junior hurling leagues.
1980s.
Glenealy also contested the 1980 final, beaten by Carnew 1-8 to 0-9.Glenealy won the under-21 hurling championship in 1982 and the team was as follows: Jimmy Kelly, Tom O'Neill, John Porter, Vincent O'Brien, Phelim Doyle, Tom Byrne, Paul Byrne (2), Mick Brien, Enda Luddy, Johnny O'Brien, Wally Manly, Sean Cooney, E. Esmonde, Andrew Kinsella, and Colm Delaney. Among a long list of Minor successes Glenealy can also lay claim to winning 1981 hurling league. In 1986 Glenealy shocked Carnew on a 2-08 to 2-06 scoreline to win their first Senior Championship since 1975.Man of the match Don O'Gorman started the match at full forward and it was his 2 goals that really nailed the title for Glenealy. Midway through the second half Don went in goal and made a great save late on. Key to Glenealy's success was the essential mix of youth and experience. Ian O'Neill and Vincent Duffy were teenagers playing in their first final while John Glynn, John O'Neill, Don O'Gorman, Tony Barnaville, Sean Snell, Tommy Glynn and Mikey O'Neill had all been part of the 1975 side. In 1986 the team were trained by John Lonergan and lined out as follows - Bernie Byrne, John O'Neill, Eamon Esmonde, Andrew Fitzgerald, Ian O'Neill, Tony Barnaville, Finbar O'Gorman, Vincent Duffy, Wally Manley, Tommy Glynn, John Glynn (Capt), Mikey O'Neill, Dave Conyard, Don O'Gorman, John O'Brien. Subs - Colm Luddy for Conyard. Unused subs on the day - Liam Phelan, Paul Byrne, Andrew Dunne, John O'Gorman, Damien O'Brien, Joseph Driver, Steven Cody, Sean Snell and last but not least Michael O'Brien who was unavailable due to injury.
1990s.
There was a Senior defeat at the hands of Kiltegan in 1993. The Club took its 6th Senior title in 1996 when 1986 survivors Bernie Byrne, Ian O'Neill, and Wally Manley combined with Tom, Paul and Billie Byrne, Steven Coady, David and Declan Doyle, Joey Driver, and M-A, M-J, and Jonathan O'Neill for a second County final success over Carnew. 1996 also brought the Junior title to the club, and 1997 gave us our first Minor title for almost 20 years. 1998 again brought a senior final defeat at the hands of Kiltegan. 1999 saw the club take the Senior League title but we suffered a semi-final defeat in the Championship to champions Kiltegan.
2000s.
Glenealy won the Wicklow Senior Hurling Championship in 2005.
Glenealy Hurling Club enjoyed an exciting but unsuccessful year in 2001. The highlight of the year was the bold bid the Senior hurling final before eventually losing on a 0-16 to 0-14 scoreline to Kiltegan in one of the best finals in recent memory. Our juvenile hurling got off to a great start by winning the U-14 B Hurling Championship by overcoming Kilcoole. The U-12 team played and beat St Patrick's in the Championship final. Daryl O'Neill was the captain.
2003 was a year when Glenealy Hurling Club finally put the ghosts of previous disappointments to rest when the Senior hurlers took their 7th Senior title with a 1-10 to 1-7 victory over Carnew.
Glenealy won the Wicklow Senior Hurling Championship in 2005.
In 2007, the Glenealy Senior hurlers regained the O'Donoghue Cup when they defeated Kiltegan 4-16 to 3-14 after a thrilling County final. This was only achieved after a titanic struggle in a game that ebbed and flowed one way and the other in what many people have described as the greatest Wicklow hurling final ever. The U-13 team won through to the Wicklow-Wexford Cup final where they beat Ballyfad by 2 points in a very exciting final.
2008 was a very successful and also a very historic year for Glenealy Hurling Club, as not only did we retain their Senior crown, they also won our first ever Intermediate title. In the Minor B final we met Éire Óg and after a tough battle we won 1-13 to 3-5. The U-12s had an excellent year, winning the U-12A County final against Bray Emmets 1-3 to 0-3.
In the 2009 Championship semi-final we met and defeated Arklow Rock Parnells 3-17 to 0-6 which set up another meeting with old adversaries Carnew, who we had beaten in the 2008 final. We had the added incentice of going for the 3-in-a-row, a feat we had only achieved once before, but it was not to be, despite getting off to a great start with an early Leighton Glynn goal we gave a lacklustre performance and were defeated by two points, 0-18 to 1-13.
In the 2010 final we met our old rivals Carnew who had defeated us in last year's final and another hard-fought close game was expected but the lads rose to the challenge magnificently and as early as the 4th minute when Leighton Glynn hit the back of the net there only looked to be one winner and so it proved, the lads running out easy winners 3-13 to 0-9. In the first round of the Leinster Championship our opponents were St Mullin's of Carlow who we played in Dr Cullen Park and we dug out a one point victory winning 3-8 to 1-13 courtesy of a great Wayne O'Gorman goal in injury time. We faced Kiltegan in the Junior final on 12 September and the game was a close run affair from the initial throw in to the final whistle. The west Wicklow had certainly upped their game and gave an expected battling performance and we found it hard to put any comfortable distance between us on the scoreboard. The final fifteen minutes were epic as Kiltegan sensed victory and only heroic defending kept us in front. The final whistle went and victory was secured on a 1-13 to 2-7 scoreline. Sunday the 7 November 2010 will be remembered as the day our U-16s won the Championship. This was a very exciting final with both teams giving their all. The final score was 2-12 to 1-9.
In the 2011 final they once again met fierce rivals Carnew and came out on the right side of a 3-9 to 3-6 scoreline. Although it was a tough hard fought game the scoreline is a little flattering to Carnew as Glenealy were well on top bar the last 5 minutes. Enan Glynn turned in a man of the match performance. At half time the 1986 winning team from Glenealy were presented with a special memento to mark the 25th anniversary of their win which was also v Carnew, that day the final score was 2-8 to 2-6
Glenealy won an historic 3 in a row in the 2012 Wicklow SHC in Aughrim by once again beating their fierce rivals from Carnew on a 1-11 to 0-10 scoreline. The only previous time Glenealy had managed a 3 in a row was when they won their first ever titles in the late 1950's.
In 2013 at Aughrim GAA grounds Glenealy senior hurlers completed the clubs first ever '4 in a row' of Wicklow SHC titles by defeating Bray Emmets 0-17 to 0-14.
See also.
Glenealy

</doc>
<doc id="31003669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003669" title="Buddy Pritchard">
Buddy Pritchard

Harold William "Buddy" Pritchard (born January 25, 1936 in South Gate, California) is a retired American professional baseball player and manager. A shortstop and second baseman, he was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates as a $30,000 "bonus baby" after college baseball stardom at the University of Southern California, but the Bonus Rule then in effect in Major League Baseball kept him on the Pirate roster for his entire rookie season, 1957. Pritchard appeared in only 23 games, with 11 at bats and one hit, a single, for an .091 batting average. It would be his only year in the Major Leagues.
Pritchard threw and batted right-handed and had a powerful build for a 1950s shortstop, standing tall and weighing . He had been a batting star for the USC Trojans — batting .385 in 1956 to lead the team and being named a third team All American and a member of the All-Pacific Coast and California Collegiate Baseball Association all-star teams. The Pirates outbid 11 of the other 16 Major League teams then in existence for his services.
But the inactivity forced by the Bonus Rule may have damaged Pritchard's chances of becoming a Major League star, or everyday player. He was sent to minor league baseball in 1958, and played eight seasons in the Pirate farm system, batting .256, then managed Rookie-level affiliates in the Pittsburgh minor-league organization through the late 1960s. He later scouted for the Pirates and the Major League Scouting Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="31003678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003678" title="Bhujel">
Bhujel

Bhujel is an indigenous ethnic group of Himalayan Region ranging from Nepal, India and Bhutan. The Bhuji and Nishi area in Baglung are the ancestral land of Bhujels. They are culturally and historically close to the Magars. The Bhujel language, belonging to the Tibeto-Burman family, is related to that of the Chepangs.

</doc>
<doc id="31003681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003681" title="My Lover, My Wife">
My Lover, My Wife

My Lover, My Wife was a television drama series developed by GMA Network starring Nadine Samonte, Luis Alandy, and Maxene Magalona. The show premiered on February 28, 2011 replacing "Koreana". The series premiered to positive critical feedback and impressive viewership. On June 12, 2014 GMA Life TV started airing its English-dubbed version worldwide. 
Story.
"My Lover, My Wife" tells the story of three hearts caught in a web of deceit and the struggle for truth, using plastic surgery as a key plot device, and is set against the backdrop of a police investigation.
Love.
It begins with Vivian (Maxene Magalona) and Arthur (Marco Alcaraz), a medical student, falling helplessly in love with each other. Arthur's mother disapproves of the relationship. She sends Arthur to the US; though the two try to maintain a long-distance relationship, they soon lose contact, leaving Vivian brokenhearted.
Years later, Vivian is a receptionist for the Romero Surgi-Clinic where she encounters Arthur. Old feelings resurface between the two, but their love story simply proves to be impossible to resume as Vivian learns that Arthur is already married to April (Nadine Samonte), a cosmetic surgeon and daughter of Dr. Charity Romero (Carmi Martin), the owner of the clinic. Vivian pushes aside her feelings for Arthur and forces herself to fall for Lawrence (Luis Alandy), a suitor she met at the clinic and, not long after, marries him. Happiness, however, will still elude Vivian and Arthur.
Lies.
Vivian soon finds out that Lawrence is a wife beater and is stuck in an unhappy marriage with him, even when they have a child; Arthur, unable to deal with his lingering feelings for Vivian, grows cold towards April — resulting in April having an affair. Arthur finds out about this and, in the heated confrontation that ensues, April accidentally shoots her lover. Charity bribes Lawrence to help April and Arthur escape the authorities. As the three are about to escape, Lawrence and Arthur figure in an accident that burns Lawrence’s body beyond recognition and leaves Arthur severely burned.
Deception.
The police only find two bodies in the wreckage and assume those to be of the pilot and Arthur. Charity and April then embark on the deception that will change everything — they reconstruct Arthur’s face to look exactly like Lawrence’s! Upon gaining consciousness, Arthur is disgusted with what his wife and mother-in-law have done... but also sees it as an opportunity to go back to Vivian, even if it means assuming the identity of Lawrence. Vivian initially rejects “Lawrence’s” attempt at redemption, but soon believes that her husband has changed. She begins to love “Lawrence” as she did Arthur — not knowing that it really is Arthur.
Betrayal.
April, however, is not about to give Arthur up that easily and fights for her right as his real wife, who is now living the life of Lawrence. She drugs Arthur and fools him to spend the night with her. She gets pregnant, barges into Vivian’s home, and declares that she will stay there. Vivian protests but is unable to do anything but tolerate the situation she has found herself in — for her child and for the love she feels for the person she believes is her husband.
The lover, the wife, and the husband find themselves living in one house — though which is which remain unclear, as Vivian is the wife of Lawrence, but April is the wife of Arthur ... and for now, Arthur is Lawrence.
But the truth will soon catch up on them, as love proves to be much more powerful than the lies that have trapped their hearts.

</doc>
<doc id="31003686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003686" title="Adel Lakhdari">
Adel Lakhdari

Adel Lakhdari (born 12 August 1989) is an Algerian football player who plays for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Club career.
On January 12, 2011, Lakhdari signed a two and a half year contract with ES Sétif.

</doc>
<doc id="31003694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003694" title="Football in Puerto Rico">
Football in Puerto Rico

Association Football is one of the leading sports of Puerto Rico, ranking only behind baseball, basketball, boxing, and volleyball in national popularity and is the number one participation sport on the island (as it is on the mainland United States). There has been a significant growth in the sport in recent years, as traditionally football has played a very small role in Puerto Rico. The sport on the island is governed by the Puerto Rican Football Federation an affiliate of FIFA.
History.
Early years (1900-1919).
It is said that the sport was played during Spanish colonial times, mostly by soldiers in the field in front of El Morro. By 1904 games were being played there between sailor of foreign ships wail docked in San Juan Harbor. But it wasn't until 1911 that the first organized club was formed, Comercio Sporting Club which would organize games between members of the club, the club then formed two teams, Minerva and Mercurio, this two teams would take part in the first organized tournament in Puerto Rican history, Copa Porananmiz. In 1913 two more clubs where formed San Juan FC and Ponce Sporting Club. Up until then football was mostly played by the Hispanic population of the island wail the Americans would play sports like baseball, basketball and Rugby, but in 1914 the a group of Americans formed Celtics FC and the first rivalry of Puerto Rican football was born. Celtics composed of Americans and San Juan FC composed of Puerto Ricans and Spaniards, it brought up the tensions between Hispanics and Americans in the island during this period. Later in 1914 Celtics traveled to Ponce to face Ponce Sporting Club, in the first ever reported game between teams of different cities in Puerto Rico.
National team.
Since its foundation the Puerto Rico national football team has been one of the weakest teams in the world. It did not even enter the qualification stage for the 2006 World Cup. Their highest FIFA ranking was 97 (March 1994) by using players from the USA, and lowest FIFA ranking was 202 (November 2004). Until 2008 Puerto Rico had not fielded a national team since 2004 when they lost to Grenada 5-2, the last time they had won a match was back in 1993 when they won 4-0 against the Cayman Islands. 
From 2007 onwards, there has been an apparent belief in the news and commentaries by the President of FPF, that it is possible to enter a FIFA World Cup in 4 to 8 years, this is in the midst of the foundation of a team that is a member of the United Soccer Leagues First Division, the second tier of the American Soccer.
After a four year absence, the Puerto Rican national team re-emerged on January 16, 2008, with a 2-0 victory in a friendly against the Bermuda national team. This friendly was played in preparation for a World Cup Qualifier against the Dominican Republic scheduled for the 26 March, 2008, which Puerto Rico won in a 1-0 victory.
Club football.
Until recently club football had been a very limited affair involving a handful of amateur teams in several separate leagues. In recent years, as the domestic game has grown in popularity, this has started to change. The Puerto Rico Islanders began to play in the USL First Division, the second tier of football in the United States at the time, and in 2008 the first ever unified competition the Puerto Rico Soccer League was established, marking a major landmark in the history of the game on the island. Many clubs of the island are now affiliated with larger teams in some of the worlds major football leagues.
In 2011, club football teams on the island made another monumental leap. The Puerto Rico Islanders made a transition to the North American Soccer League, which is the new second tier of football in the United States. In addition, Puerto Rico United, Club Atlético River Plate Puerto Rico, and Sevilla FC Puerto Rico made a transition to USL Pro, the new third tier of football in the United States. The Puerto Rico Soccer League held a 2011 season. However, the PRSL folded after the 2011 season, making the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Puerto Rico to become the top tier league, even though it is an amateur league. The LNFPR split into a First Division and Second Division in order to fill the void left by the now-defunct PRSL. Seeking to restructure professional football in Puerto Rico, the PRFF is planning for the Liga Profesional de Fútbol de Puerto Rico, which is supposed to start in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31003695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003695" title="ALiX Project">
ALiX Project

The ALiX project is a proposal from the Cabildo de Tenerife (Council of Tenerife), led by the Instituto Tecnológico y de Energías Renovables (Technological Institute and of Renewable Energies), with the purpose of promoting the competitiveness of the island of Tenerife towards the global market of the information and communication technologies and improving the technological resources in the Canary Islands. In order to do so, four courses of action have been suggested:
Included in the initiative of the ALiX Project is the D-ALiX (formerly Neutral Access Point of Western Africa and Canary Islands). This high availability data center is situated in the island of Tenerife (Canary Islands). The data center was awarded in the Datacenter Dynamics Awards 2010 ceremony due to its innovation.

</doc>
<doc id="31003698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003698" title="Toru Ojima">
Toru Ojima

Toru Ojima (小島 徹, born February 22, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31003713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003713" title="Sarah Corina">
Sarah Corina

Sarah Corina is a bass guitarist and music producer. She started playing bass at the age of 14 in Leicester, playing in local bands before joining The Bomb Party as an original member. The Bomb Party enjoyed an amount of critical success appearing in Sounds (magazine), Melody Maker and the NME. They regularly toured the UK and Germany, including supporting The Fall and Stiff Little Fingers at the 'WDR1 Rocknacht' in 1989. After recording their first album, 'Drugs', they moved to London where they released three further studio LPs before disbanding in 1990. 
After the demise of The Bomb Party, Corina became a founder member of 'Die Cheerleader', where she helped to create their sound and co-wrote their songs, before she left to join the Mekons.
Sarah joined the Mekons in 1991, touring extensively across America and Europe and recording albums.
In 2004, with Alex Mitchell (Curve) she formed a new band, 'Striplight'. With Mitchell on guitar, Liz Tumber on vocals and Mark Woodgate on drums, Striplight released two singles on Tim 'Love' Lee's label, Tummy Touch Records, and one on KOI Records.'impressively tight, angular rock' act.
Currently writing and recording solo tracks under the name Tobora 
Selected discography.
Mekons
Striplight
The Bomb Party

</doc>
<doc id="31003723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003723" title="Christmas Valley Air Force Station">
Christmas Valley Air Force Station

Christmas Valley Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located about 16 miles east of the community of Christmas Valley, Oregon. It was closed in 1997.
History.
Development of Christmas Valley AFS can be traced to work undertaken by USAF Rome Air Development Center (RADC) engineers in the early 1970s who were developing an over the horizon backscatter radar (OTH-B) system. The system was based on a frequency modulation/continuous wave (FM/CW) radar capable of detecting and tracking objects at over-the-horizon ranges. In concept it involved bouncing radar signals off the ionosphere which allows radar to overcome the curvature of the earth. 
A small scale test receiver/transmitter was established in central western Maine at what would become Moscow AFS by the early 1980s. Initial testing was conducted from June 1980 to June 1981. Successful testing resulted in the decision to develop operational OTH-B systems for the east and west coasts and in Alaska.
The west coast OTH-B system was designed and built by GE Aerospace and consisted of an AN/FPS-118 radar with the transmitter located at Christmas Valley AFS and the receiver at the newly constructed Tule Lake AFS, California. The transmitter and receiver stations were staffed by personnel of the 777th Radar Squadron. Data processing took place at Mountain Home AFB, Idaho.
The fall of the Soviet Union and end of the Cold War saw the OTH-B systems rendered obsolete for detecting intruding military aircraft, however, the OTH-B continued operations until 1997 and its data saw use by the United States Border Patrol for tracking aircraft used by drug smugglers, as well as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration which made use of the measurements of ocean currents and weather patterns.
The facility was placed in "warm storage" in 1997 and in 2002 it was deactivated and placed in "cold storage" with equipment removed from the site.

</doc>
<doc id="31003725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003725" title="Bill Hallman">
Bill Hallman

Bill Hallman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31003730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003730" title="List of football clubs in Puerto Rico">
List of football clubs in Puerto Rico

Following is a list of football clubs located in Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="31003735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003735" title="Edward Adamson">
Edward Adamson

Edward Adamson (31 May 1911 - 3 February 1996) was a British artist, "the father of Art Therapy in Britain", and the creator of the Adamson Collection.
Life and work.
Edward Adamson was born in 1911 at Sale, near Manchester, in Cheshire. He had one brother. Later his family moved to Tunbridge Wells in Kent. They were well off, successful in manufacturing. This gave Adamson some financial independence to achieve all he did during his life. He received a degree in Fine Art from Bromley School of Art, then just outside London (now part of Ravensbourne College). Subsequently he trained and qualified as a chiropodist, at his parents' behest as they wanted him to have 'a proper profession', concerned about his livelihood as an artist. He probably only saw a few patients – though his brass plate is in the Edward Adamson Archive at the Wellcome Library: 'E.J.Adamson. M.B.A.Ch. Chiropodist' (a gift from his parents, but never hung). Then Adamson returned to a career in art, working as a graphic artist at a Fleet Street advertising agency for the rest of the 1930s, while doing his own drawings and paintings, which he exhibited in both London and Paris. During World War II, he was a conscientious objector, and served as a medical orderly in a non-combatant corps, the Army happy to have him as a qualified chiropodist. He became interested in helping long-term hospital patients pass the time.
After the War, he volunteered to work with Adrian Hill, an artist who had coined the term "Art Therapy" in 1942 while a patient in tuberculosis sanatoria, teaching drawing and painting to his fellow patients, and, later, to hospitalised soldiers. At the time Adamson met him, Hill was working with the Red Cross Picture Library to loan and lecture on reproductions of paintings to patients in British hospitals to enhance their recovery. Adamson was in the group who first brought this programme to a long-stay mental hospital - Netherne Hospital – in 1946.
During his early visits to Netherne, Adamson was given several drawings by a man on a locked ward - JJ Beegan - made with the only materials he had, char from burnt matches and toilet paper. These objects were the first collected by Adamson, and the start of the Adamson Collection.
Art and research at Netherne (1946–1950).
The Medical Superintendent, the psychiatrist Eric Cunningham Dax (1908 - 2008), was impressed by Adamson's rapport at his lectures with the people who were compelled to live at Netherne. Dax asked him to facilitate a new research art studio at Netherne, to investigate the role of art in the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorder - a project maybe of its time. This project was the post-war continuation of the 1930s research at the Maudsley Hospital on art and psychosis (and mescaline) by the psychiatrists Eric Guttmann (1896–1948), Walter Maclay (1902–1964) and Francis Reitman (1905–1955) – the latter was Head of Clinical Research at Netherne from 1945.
The research art sessions were run single-handedly by Adamson from 1946 to 1950, and, according to Robertson, 689 people painted with Adamson in this period. Robertson does not report how many works were created in this period, only referring to
It may be reasonable to infer that at least 3000 paintings were created. In early 2013, several small ceramics, with '1943' written on their base, were found in storage. It had not been known Adamson was encouraging people to work with clay at this time.
The people painted in "experimental and reproducible conditions": everyone had identical easels, with the same materials available, and even the same size sheets of paper (22 by 18 inches, 55 cm by 45 cm). Adamson was to provide only minimal technical advice. Initially Adamson worked inside the hospital in a committee room with up to forty patients at once, conducting at first two sessions, and, later, four per week. Another early location was a shower room, chosen by the nursing staff to be easy to clean afterwards. By 1948, when he was employed full-time, a studio was built in the hospital grounds for Adamson's own use. This building was a converted army hut, 48 feet (15 metres) by 16 feet (5 metres), and able to accommodate twenty people 'with comfort'. From 1948, Adamson also saw, for two hours each morning, a group of women, on a ward of the main hospital, most of whom had the diagnosis of schizophrenia, and who had all lived in Netherne for many years.
In 1950, Dax lectured on and showed paintings from the early Netherne sessions (alongside works from 45 collections, including from five other British mental hospitals) at the influential ""International Exhibition of Psychopathological Art"", held at the Sainte-Anne Hospital in Paris during the First World Congress of Psychiatry. Dax describes the Sainte-Anne show at as "probably the second most important event in the history of psychiatric art, the first being the collection of pictures by Prinzhorn from Heidelberg and his 1922 publication ""The Prinzhorn Collection"" (Dax is referring to Prinzhorn's highly influential book, " Artistry of the Mentally Ill: a contribution to the psychology and psychopathology of configuration") One critic wrote, 'The parallels between the works of patients and the art of 20th Century painters - expressionists, surrealists, and certain pure abstract painters - is established without a doubt'.
Reitman drew heavily on the findings from these art sessions, and used works which are now in the Adamson Collection, for his 1950 book, ""Psychotic Art"": though Adamson is mentioned in the acknowledgments, Reitman writes little on Adamson's contribution. Dax published his full account of the results in 1953 in ""Experimental Studies in Psychiatric Art"": Adamson only warranting a single mention by name:
Dax left Netherne in 1951 to move to Australia, taking a "a few pictures and tapestries according to Koh from Netherne shown at the 1950 exhibition ""International Exhibition of Psychopathological Art"", and these formed the basis of the (Dax) collection", p3. The Dax Collection is housed at the Dax Centre at the University of Melbourne (Dax Centre), which holds 'over 15,000 creative works on paper, paintings, ceramics, and textiles created by people who have experienced mental illness or psychological trauma' - and is now under the direction of the psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, Eugen Koh.
Art and healing at Netherne (1951–1981).
Adamson continued working at Netherne until his retirement in 1981, enabling and encouraging hundreds of people to express themselves through art. Out of the 1946-1950 quasi-scientific 'experiments', Adamson established an open art studio, allowing people to come and paint freely: a radical act when those detained in the 'asylums' were living in bleak conditions, profoundly excluded from society, with minimum dignity, autonomy or even personal possessions. By 1970 he had 5 studios (including the army hut) in the grounds at Netherne, with a gallery for the Adamson Collection (see below), which at that time contained an estimated 60,000 works: he kept all the paintings, drawings, ceramics and sculptures created in the studios.
Among the artists he encouraged at Netherne were the painter William Kurelek (1927–1977), the sculptor Rolanda Polonska (1923-1996 - Rolanda preferred Polonska, the Polish feminine spelling of her surname, but she is also known as Polonski and Polonsky), for both of whom he secured studios in disused rooms in the hospital; and the illustrator and engraver George Buday (1907–1990), for whom Adamson took over a summerhouse in the grounds of Netherne for his printing press. Kurelek came to Netherne from the Maudsley in November 1953 to work with Edward Adamson for 14 months. He gave the Adamson Collection three major paintings created while he was at Netherne: ""Where Am I? Who Am I? Why Am I?"", ""I Spit On Life"", and ""The Ball of Twine and Other Nonsense"". About the last, completed shortly before he left hospital, Kurelek said, "I have never really been mad. I was only fooling. I had you all on the end of a piece of string all the time!"
Polonska had been an artist before the onset of schizophrenia, but when Adamson first met her, she was mopping the hospital floors. For Polonska to practise her sculpture, Adamson had to persuade the hospital authorities to lift the restrictions on 'potential offensive weapons in the hands of mental patients' so she could have a hammer and chisel. In 1971 the Arts Council of Great Britain released a short film, ""Rolanda Polonsky, Sculptor"". Polonska is filmed at Netherne, where she had already been living for 24 years, 'talking about her work, and the meanings that it has for her. Her art is deeply religious and personal, and she uses Christian themes in a refreshing and idiosyncratic way'. The film features, among other works, her masterpiece "Stations of the Cross", which are in the Collection (along with several other sculptures and about 2000 sketches and drawings) but are still the original plaster casts, funding never found to cast them in bronze.
Adamson met his long-term partner and collaborator, the teacher and writer John Timlin (b. 1930), in 1953 at Timlin's production of Kenneth Woollard's play ""Morning Departure"" (1948). Timlin was working with 'emotionally disturbed' children in East London, and subsequently contacted Adamson about a series of drawings of apples by a boy, Tommy, who he was working with. Adamson visited the school, and met the children and looked at their paintings. Adamson and Timlin then worked together until Adamson's death. They wrote and lectured on art and mental health, and exhibited the Adamson Collection across the world, including Europe, Japan, Canada and the United States.
Art therapy in the UK.
Adamson was the first artist employed in the National Health Service. He commenced work in 1946 at Netherne Hospital at an annual salary of just £1000. This was never subsequently increased in line with inflation. The reason given was that his post was not officially recognised at the time, and it was "not on the establishment". A Charitable Trust - 'The Mrs Smith Trust', under the patronage of Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt - offered to increase his salary, and provide facilities to maintain and store the Collection at Netherne. This request was turned down by the hospital authorities, saying Adamson's salary would then "exceed that of the doctors" (as documented in correspondence in the Edward Adamson Archive at the Wellcome Library). Adamson was obliged to make up the financial difference himself, and so he kept art therapy alive until it was later officially recognised by the NHS, and prevented it from being subsumed under Occupational Therapy. The emerging field of art therapy was thereby protected by means of Adamson's professional and financial efforts.
He was involved from the late 1940s in the discussions and working groups that eventually led to the British Association of Art Therapists (BAAT) in 1964, of which he was a founder member and, briefly, its first Chair. From 1969 and through the early 1970s, he was Head of the first British Art Therapy training programme, at St. Albans School of Art (the School was later renamed the Hertfordshire College of Art and Design, and then amalgamated with the University of Hertfordshire in 1992: art therapy training continuing in the University's School of Creative Arts, and still generally known as the St Albans' course).
After Netherne: Ashton, 'Art as Healing' and Outsider Art (1981–1996).
After his retirement, Adamson opened a gallery on Miriam Rothschild (1908–2005)'s Ashton Wold estate in 1983, where the Adamson Collection was held until 1997. Rothschild was a friend and supporter of Adamson and Timlin, and a Trustee and subsequently Patron of the Adamson Collection Trust. The Adamson Collection Trust had been established in 1978 to promote research into Art Therapy, Adamson's work and the Collection. Timlin was Chair from 1978 to 2005, and David O'Flynn (b. 1960), a psychiatrist at Lambeth Hospital (a Trustee since 1998) has been Chair since. Adamson was the Collection's Curator until his death.
In 1984, Adamson and Timlin published their book on Adamson's work and the Collection, ""Art as Healing"", with the introduction by the psychiatrist and Jungian analyst Anthony Stevens, and with images of 116 objects and the personal stories behind them (including a chapter on the Apple pictures that brought Adamson and Timlin together). It was published in the UK and USA, and reprinted in 1990. ""Art as Healing"" won the UK mental health charity Mind's 'Book Of The Year Award' in 1985. Though Adamson eschewed affiliation with psychological ideologies or organisations, ""Art as Healing"" has a Jungian spirit. He and Timlin had been regular visitors to Withymead, the Jungian art community led by Irene and Gilbert Champernowne from its founding in 1942 to its closure in 1967; and later to Stanton, where Irene Champernowne and some of the Withymead staff moved after Withymead's demise with the intention of continuing with their work. Timlin had a cottage in Stanton, where he and Adamson would be most weekends. They were friends and associates with the group of British Jungians who are known as the 'Zurich classical school', as they were almost all trained at the C. G. Jung Institute in Zürich, and emphasised archetypal imagery and its amplification, rather than transference, object relations and early child development. In 1982, they split from their colleagues to establish the Independent Group of Analytical Psychologists (IGAP). Both Timlin and O'Flynn analysed with members of this group: Timlin with Anthony Stevens (b. 1933) and Molly Tuby (1917–2011); O'Flynn with Michael Edwards (1930–2010), an influential art therapist, a friend of Adamson and Timlin, on the staff at Withymead and Stanton, and a founder member of the BAAT in 1964 and its Chairman from 1971-75.
Adamson's importance in the history of British art therapy is widely accepted. However, his point of view differed from art therapists who were psychoanalytically oriented, and in later life, he seemed more at home with those interested in outsider art, the spontaneous creations of untrained artists. He was a close friend of Rebecca Alban Hoffberger, and involved as she created the American Visionary Arts Museum (AVAM) in Baltimore. Hoffberger came to London to meet Adamson after reading 'Art as Healing'. Adamson and Timlin attended AVAM's inauguration in 1995, and donated Kurelek's ""Where am I? Who Am I? Why Am I?"", Timlin's Apple pictures, along with other works to the museum. Hoffberger describes Adamson as 'renowned for his gentle nature as the British Buddha' in the celebratory catalogue. In 1996, after Adamson's death, Timlin gave Adamson's library to AVAM.
In November 1995 Adamson was advised privately that he was to be awarded the MBE for his services to mental health but he died before this was formally bestowed upon him. He died at his London home, the Studio, Hollywood Road in West Brompton, on 3 February 1996, aged 84. His ashes were interred at the Ashton Chapel (c 1706) on the Ashton Wold estate.
Ideas about art and mental health.
Adamson saw people psychologically recovering - 'healing', in his terms - by means of expressing themselves through art. The act of creating was what mattered to Adamson, who felt the artist or therapist should avoid influencing, distorting, or impinging upon self-expression. Adamson encouraged 'free expression' by letting people come to paint or sculpt without comment or judgement, and with only minimal technical assistance. If the creator talked about a work, he'd listen. He abhorred psychological interpretation, which he dismissed as 'the therapist's own projections' onto the work, and maintained that only the creator could explain their own work. This is the essence of his 'non-interventionist' working style, which perhaps would not be recognized as part of contemporary art therapy practice.
He saw himself an artist, "somewhere in between" the clinical staff and the patients, and the space where he worked as an art studio. He thought only artists should work with art as therapy. "In his later years Mr. Adamson was critical of a movement to train as art therapists people whose background was more in the field of psychology than art - 'Can't the psychologist remain a psychologist and not try and take art over?' he asked in the 1987 interview".
Adamson exhibited work from the Collection from 1947 on, and internationally until his death in 1996. He believed the exhibiting of the Collection educated the public about the creativity and humanity of those diagnosed with mental disorders. "Adamson was an educator, who saw the socio-cultural intervention of showing these people's works to the public who had excluded them - and showing it as an important contribution to their culture - as a way to change public opinion". There is debate about whether these objects should be exhibited, and/or creators named: questions about intention, capacity, consent, confidentiality and ownership; about if these works are clinical records or can they be outsider art, or be both; and about the notion that should these people - excluded, voiceless and nameless in their lifetime - have their creations hidden, their art forgotten, and their identity again denied.
Filmography.
Videos in the Edward Adamson Archive:
Other:
The Adamson Collection.
The Adamson Collection is a body of work of international and historical importance, which has been exhibited nationally and internationally, and received wide media coverage. Adamson showed the Collection as early as 1947 in group shows of - to use a term from the time - 'psychiatric art'. In 1950, the ""International Exhibition of Psychopathological Art"" of '2000 works by 63 people from 17 countries' - including several paintings from the first Adamson studio - was held at the Sainte-Anne Hospital in Paris, during the First World Congress of Psychiatry, and 'helped create a climate of acceptance for work of the mentally ill' (p67).
Works were included in three influential exhibitions held 'to promote the public awareness of art therapy' between 1955 and 1968. The first two were at the Institute of Contemporary Arts: in 1955, ""Aspects of Schizophrenic Art: an exhibition of work by patients in mental hospitals"", with 27 out of the 94 paintings shown from the Adamson Collection, curated by the psychiatrist G.M. Carstairs, and the catalogue introduction by the art critic Herbert Read, who had founded and led the ICA with Roland Penrose: the two were the leading proponents of Surrealism in the UK; and in 1964, ""Art as Communication: an exhibition of paintings made in art therapy departments of psychiatric hospitals and clinics"". The third, in 1968, was at the Commonwealth Institute: ""Art and Mental Health: an exhibition of paintings, clay models and ceramics by psychiatric and subnormal patients and maladjusted children"", (p101-108). (The sub-titles of all these three surveys - particularly 1968's - speak of the attitudes of the time).
When Adamson retired from Netherne in 1981, he estimated there were 100,000 objects - paintings, drawings, sculptures and ceramics - in the Collection. The Netherne gallery had been opened in 1956, and was being visited by 3500 people a year by 1981, when it was closed on Adamson's retirement. (Among them was Hazel Guggenheim (1903–1995), Peggy Guggenheim's sister. Timlin recalls "Hazel was immaculately dressed and met the patients. She wore some fashionable red satin and diamanté, high heel shoes which a patient admired. Hazel sent them to Edward after her visit to present to the patient").
In 1981 about 6000 of the objects, by over a hundred people, were taken to Ashton Wold (with a further 150 added after his retirement as he continued to see people at the Hollywood Road studio until 1995). They were chosen by Adamson and Rudolf Freudenberg (a senior psychiatrist and Medical Superintendent at Netherne) for "both artistic and psychiatric interest". The Ashton gallery opened to the public in 1983. When Adamson and Timlin returned to Netherne later to move the rest of the Collection, it had disappeared, probably destroyed as considered by the hospital authorities to be of no value. A Police investigation never established their fate. In 1984, when the Adamson Collection was exhibited as ""Selections from the Edward Adamson Collection"", at Art Gallery of Ontario, Adamson donated a large pencil drawing by Kurelek of one of the interiors of Netherne Hospital showing a group of patients at leisure to the Ontario Psychiatric Association, to decorate their common room - a donation facilitated by a psychiatrist, Dr. Appleton.
After Adamson's death in 1996, the Adamson Collection was moved for a second time, to Lambeth Hospital, an inner London mental health unit, part of South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust (SLaM), on permanent loan by the Adamson Collection Trust. The Collection was curated by the hospital Art Therapist, Alice Jackson, until 2012. In 2000 SLaM named a new mental health unit at St Thomas' Hospital as the Adamson Centre for Mental Health as a tribute to his pioneering work. Timlin donated about 50 ink portraits by Adamson of people at work in the Netherne shower room, which he drew after one of the people in the session asked Adamson why wasn't he also drawing. (There are a number more of these at the Wellcome Library).
The Third Move: the Adamson Collection and Archives.
Since January 2009, the Adamson Collection Trust - in a project led by O'Flynn and Michael Barham, Trustee and Secretary since May 2010, and a senior academic at the University of Roehampton - has focused on identifying and securing all and any objects, archive or other material related to Adamson, the Adamson Collection and the Adamson Collection Trust. Henry Boxer, a leading international authority on and dealer in outsider art, has been a key adviser and supporter since 2010. At that time there was no inventory or catalogue, not even of the objects moved to SLaM from Ashton, and all the material was at risk. After three decades of effort since the move from Netherne, funding to save the Collection as a whole was never found.
Since 1997, around 300 paintings have hung in corridors in Lambeth Hospital, the Adamson Centre for Mental Health (since it opened in 2000), and a SLaM community base. The rest of the paintings and drawings were stored either in a disused shower room (seemingly fitting as Adamson's first working space was in a shower room at Netherne), or stacked, unframed, in cardboard folders on shelves in a working team office at Lambeth Hospital, with the two Kureleks wrapped in blankets under a desk. Between 2007 and 2010, the Adamson Collection Trust employed the then Curator, Alice Jackson, to undertake the Herculean task of cataloguing all the unframed paintings and drawings: they number about 2200 by Polanska - most are preparatory sketches for the ""Stations of the Cross"" - and another 2200 by over a hundred people, more than half of them women. Adamson's records from Ashton, including albums of press cuttings and coverage, and of examples of Buday's Christmas cards and other prints, were in a filing cabinet. Almost all the collection of several hundred stones, flints, ceramics and other small sculptures are in the third Adamson gallery (after the first and second at Netherne and Ashton), a small room outside a mental health ward. The objects were created with the cheapest materials – for example, almost all the paintings are poster paint on wallpaper backing paper - and date from 1946, so need specialist conservation and storage. Polonska's masterpiece ""Stations of the Cross"" and two other larger Polonska pieces were in a former Trustee's garage in Edinburgh - Michael Freudenberg, Rudolf Freudenberg's son - and very fragile and at risk as they are still the original plaster casts. Freudenberg was also storing a number of paintings and drawings. Almost all Adamson's personal papers, photographs and other artefacts, including hundreds of photographic transparencies of works (including of many now lost) were at the Adamson's Hollywood Road studio, where Timlin still lives. Adamson Collection Trust records were in Trustees' homes across the country. Adamson's library of books and journals has been secured at AVAM since 1996.
Since 2010, the Trust has been collaborating with the Wellcome Library to secure the archives, and the Collection - in need of rescue for the third time in its history. In 2010, the Wellcome accepted Timlin's donation of Adamson's archive from Hollywood Road. In 2012, the Wellcome took Adamson's Ashton archive (1981–1996); Jackson's archive of her years as Curator (1997–2012), including details of exhibitions and loans she organised; and all extant Adamson Charity Trust records. During 2012, the Wellcome Library are relocating all the paintings and drawings from Lambeth Hospital and SLaM to temporary storage in their 'stacks' under Euston Road. During 2013 the Collection will hopefully be shared between five institutions: the Wellcome Library; SLaM in conjunction with Bethlem Royal Hospital Archives & Museum; Collection de l'Art Brut in Lausanne, Switzerland – who hold the collection of Jean Dubuffet, the artist who named this art as 'Art Brut' in 1945, and one of the world's foremost museums of outsider art; the University of Roehampton to complement their art therapy training course, the largest in the UK; and AVAM - who will be cataloging the objects that Adamson donated in 1995 by the end of 2012. The Adamson Collection Trust hope to include the twenty pictures and tapestries Dax took from Netherne to Melbourne to start the Dax Collection (now at the Dax Centre) in a complete view of Adamson's and the Collection's stories.
The Adamson Collection will be conserved intact, albeit across these six prestigious institutions in four countries, to be seen as a whole by the committed or on line in the future. Along with the Edward Adamson Archive at the Wellcome, the Collection will be available for research and exhibition.
""Thirty years since leaving Netherne, the Collection is seen as unique in the histories of art therapy, of the reforming psychiatry of the 1950s and 1960s, of British Jungians and of outsider art: collected by an artist rather than a psychiatrist, with a strong representation of the work of women, and is, above all, a memorial to all those who suffered in the asylums, and to the human need to express"."

</doc>
<doc id="31003746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003746" title="Carl Johan Ege">
Carl Johan Ege

Carl Johan Ege (5 April 1852 – 14 July 1943) was a Norwegian banker.
Born in Bergen, he enrolled as a student in 1870 and took the cand.jur. degree in 1875. He was hired in Bergens Privatbank in 1876 and was its director from 1886 to 1909. He was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="31003766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003766" title="9 Sagittarii">
9 Sagittarii

9 Sagittarii (9 Sgr) is an emission-line star in Sagittarius. It has a spectral type of O4V. 

</doc>
<doc id="31003811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003811" title="11 Sagittarii">
11 Sagittarii

11 Sagittarii (11 Sgr) is a double star in Sagittarius. The primary star is a K-type main sequence star. 

</doc>
<doc id="31003827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003827" title="List of football clubs in Qatar">
List of football clubs in Qatar

This is a list of football clubs located in Qatar, sorted by alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="31003831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003831" title="Lutz Schülbe">
Lutz Schülbe

Lutz Schülbe (born November 9, 1961) is a German former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31003832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003832" title="Women's World Chess Championship 2011">
Women's World Chess Championship 2011

The Women's World Chess Championship 2011 was the 34th of its kind. It was organised by FIDE and was played in a match format between the defending champion and a challenger, determined via the FIDE Grand Prix series.
On 8 August 2011 the match was awarded to Tirana, Albania. The prize fund was $200,000. The match took place from 13 to 30 November 2011. Champion Hou Yifan retained her title, defeating challenger Koneru Humpy by 5½ - 2½.
Match format.
The match was scheduled to be played over 10 games with classical time controls: 90 minutes for first 40 moves with added 30 minutes for the rest of the game and a 30-second increment per move starting from the first move.
Koneru Humpy played White in the first game. Colours then alternated, except after game 4. The two players were ranked second and third in the world at the time, behind only Judit Polgár. 
Should the match have been tied after ten games, tie-breaks would have kicked in. Those were:
Match stats.
After eight out of ten games the match was decided, by Hou Yifan drawing with Black and reaching 5½ points.
Head-to-head record.
Prior to the match, Hou Yifan and Koneru Humpy had played 16 games against each other at classical time control with the following statistics:

</doc>
<doc id="31003836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003836" title="List of football clubs in Rwanda">
List of football clubs in Rwanda

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Rwanda.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Rwanda"

</doc>
<doc id="31003839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003839" title="Ryuji Tabuchi">
Ryuji Tabuchi

Ryuji Tabuchi (born February 16, 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31003843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003843" title="Tule Lake Air Force Station">
Tule Lake Air Force Station

Tule Lake Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located southeast of Newell, California. It was closed in 1997.
History.
Development of Tule Lake AFS can be traced to work undertaken by USAF Rome Air Development Center engineers in the early 1970s who were developing an over the horizon backscatter radar (OTH-B) system. The system was based on a frequency modulation/continuous wave (FM/CW) radar capable of detecting and tracking objects at over-the-horizon ranges. In concept it involved bouncing radar signals off the ionosphere which allows radar to overcome the curvature of the earth. 
A small scale test receiver/transmitter was established in central western Maine at what would become Moscow AFS by the early 1980s. Initial testing was conducted from June 1980 to June 1981. Successful testing resulted in the decision to develop operational OTH-B systems for the east and west coasts and in Alaska.
The west coast OTH-B system was designed and built by GE Aerospace and consisted of an AN/FPS-118 radar with the transmitter located at Christmas Valley AFS, Oregon and the receiver at the newly constructed Tule Lake AFS, California. The transmitter and receiver stations were manned by personnel of the 777th Radar Squadron. Data processing took place at Mountain Home AFB, Idaho.
The fall of the Soviet Union and end of the Cold War saw the OTH-B systems rendered obsolete for detecting intruding military aircraft, however, the OTH-B continued operations until 1997 and its data saw use by the United States Border Patrol for tracking aircraft used by drug smugglers, as well as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration which made use of the measurements of ocean currents and weather patterns.
The facility was placed in "warm storage" in 1997 and in 2002 it was deactivated and placed in "cold storage" with equipment removed from the site.

</doc>
<doc id="31003847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003847" title="List of football clubs in São Tomé and Príncipe">
List of football clubs in São Tomé and Príncipe

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in São Tomé and Príncipe.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in São Tomé and Príncipe"

</doc>
<doc id="31003853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003853" title="List of football clubs in Swaziland">
List of football clubs in Swaziland

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Swaziland.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Swaziland"

</doc>
<doc id="31003864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003864" title="List of football clubs in Tanzania">
List of football clubs in Tanzania

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Tanzania.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Tanzania"

</doc>
<doc id="31003872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003872" title="European Technology Assessment Group">
European Technology Assessment Group

The European Technology Assessment Group (ETAG) is a cooperative network of scientific institutions that carries out studies in the field of technology assessment on behalf of the European Parliament.
History and Mission.
Since October 2005 a group of European scientific institutes active in the field of technology assessment - with the Institute for Technology Assessment and Systems Analysis (ITAS), Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Germany, as the leading partner - has been providing scientific services for the European Parliament on social, environmental and economic aspects of new technological and scientific developments.
Like many other parliaments in Europe the European Parliament at the end of the 1980s set up an institution for scientific advice regarding complex social, ecological and economic implications of modern technology and scientific research. At the European Parliament the process of consulting is organised by the STOA panel (Scientific Technology Options Assessment), a parliamentary body consisting of 15 Members of Parliament representing several parliamentary committees. In view of the growing importance of European science and technology policy the European Parliament decided to support STOA’s activities by establishing permanent co-operation with a group of institutions with relevant expertise in the field of technology assessment.
Starting from May 2009 the European Technology Assessment Group (ETAG) for a second period of three years supports STOA by carrying out TA studies. The focus of ETAG’s activities on behalf of the European Parliament will be on studies in the fields of transport, ICT and Information society, nanoscale science and technology, life sciences and human well being as well as agriculture, food and biotechnology.
Partners.
Apart from being leading institutions in the field of technology assessment in their home countries most members of the group have long-term experience in policy consulting for parliamentary bodies and most of them are members of the European Parliamentary Technology Assessment (EPTA) network. ETAG is made up by the following organisations:
Projects.
The scientific responsibility for each TA study tailored according to the information needs of the European Parliament lies with one of the partners. ITAS is responsible for administration, communication with the European Parliament and co-ordination of the activities of ETAG as well as of the group’s co-operation with a wider network of TA institutes in Europe. The work programme comprises studies dealing with a broad range of subjects from different sectors of policy making, such as R&D, the environment, health and energy. Topics included: Converging Technologies; Antibiotic Resistance; Galileo Applications; Sustainable Energy Catalogue; Nanotechnology and Chemical Substitution; Options for Road and Air Transports; Cancer Therapy; RFID an identity management; Intellectual Property Rights; Global Human Health; Future Energy Systems in Europe; Future of European Transport; Technology and the Labour Market; Safety of Tunnels; Direct to Consumer Genetic Testing; Animal Welfare; Human Enhancement; ICT and Energy Efficiency; Agricultural Technologies for Developing Countries.
Studies carried out by ETAG on behalf of STOA are available at STOA’s web page.

</doc>
<doc id="31003877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003877" title="List of football clubs in Togo">
List of football clubs in Togo

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Togo.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Togo"

</doc>
<doc id="31003891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003891" title="List of football clubs in Tunisia">
List of football clubs in Tunisia

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Tunisia.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Tunisia"

</doc>
<doc id="31003905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003905" title="List of football clubs in Zimbabwe">
List of football clubs in Zimbabwe

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Zimbabwe.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Zimbabwe"
List of Zimbabwian football clubs.
S.
Savanna 

</doc>
<doc id="31003916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003916" title="List of football clubs in Uganda">
List of football clubs in Uganda

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Uganda.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Uganda"

</doc>
<doc id="31003929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003929" title="List of football clubs in Zambia">
List of football clubs in Zambia

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Zambia.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Zambia"

</doc>
<doc id="31003946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003946" title="Unfair dismissal">
Unfair dismissal

Unfair dismissal is a term in labour law to describe an act of employment termination without good reason, or contrary to the country's specific legislation.
Situation per country.
Australia.
Unfair dismissal in Australia is the term used to describe a dismissal that is considered "harsh, unjust or unreasonable" under section 385 of the Australian Fair Work Act 2009.
Namibia.
Unfair dismissal into Namibia is defined by the Namibian Labour Act of 2007. The burden of the proof that a dismissal was fair lies with the employer. Explicitly listed as cases or unfair dismissal are those due to discrimination in terms of race, religion, political opinion, marital or socio-economic status, as well as dismissals that arise from trade union activities. Any termination of employment that does not give any valid and fair reason is automatically assumed unfair.
United Kingdom.
Unfair dismissal in United Kingdom is defined by the Employment Rights Act 1996. Employees have the right not to be unfairly dismissed. Following discussions with an employer, an employee can agree not to pursue a claim for unfair dismissal if they agree to a Compromise Agreement. For a compromise agreement to be binding the employee must have taken legal advice from a Solicitor.

</doc>
<doc id="31003959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003959" title="Mustafa Djamgoz">
Mustafa Djamgoz

Prof. Mustafa Bilgin Ali Djamgoz () (born in 1952, Nicosia, Cyprus) is Professor of cancer biology at Imperial College London and chairman of the College of Medicine’s Science Council.
Biography.
Djamgoz was born in Nicosia, Cyprus to a Turkish Cypriot family. He emigrated to the United Kingdom in 1970 for his studies. Djamgoz studied at the Imperial College London, where he became a Professor of Neurobiology, and then Professor of Cancer Biology. His scientific consultancies and granting agencies include the Medical Research Council (UK) and the Wellcome Trust. In 2002, Djamgoz established the Pro Cancer Research Fund as a registered charity which runs the Amber Care Centre, which is a drop-in centre for people affected by cancer.
Publications.
Djamgoz has published four books and over 200 primary research papers.

</doc>
<doc id="31003967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003967" title="X Factor India">
X Factor India

X Factor India is the Indian version of "The X Factor", a show originating from the United Kingdom. It is a television music talent show contested by aspiring singers of all genres drawn from public auditions from all across India. The show in its inaugural year was broadcast on Sony Entertainment Television Channel. The 2011 competition was open to all Indian citizens born before January 15, 1995. There were 3 categories for registrants: Solo performances for those between 16 and 24 years of age as on January 15, 2011 and for those equal to and above 25 years of age as on January 15, 2011 and Group performance for a group of 2 or more people, all of which should be above the age of 16 years as on January 15, 2011. Reservation draws were to be divided one third to each category. 
Each week, Live Concerts were held in Mumbai where the 12 finalists performed for the judges and a live studio audience
Auditions.
Registrations were launched via telephones and SMS on 20 January 2011 all across India. Auditions were held in the following cities:
Judges and host.
The first season of the Indian version of "X Factor" was judged by playback singer Shreya Ghoshal, singer Sonu Nigam and film director Sanjay Leela Bhansali. The show was hosted by Aditya Narayan.
Key:
Season 1 (2011).
The X Factor (India season 1)
Finalists.
The 12 acts for the Live Shows are confirmed as follows:
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="31003973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003973" title="List of football clubs in Saudi Arabia">
List of football clubs in Saudi Arabia

This is a list of football teams in Saudi Arabia in the top division.

</doc>
<doc id="31003987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31003987" title="Chris Pritchard (cyclist)">
Chris Pritchard (cyclist)

Chris Pritchard (born 2 January 1983) is a professional cyclist. Born in Sheffield, England, Pritchard is an ex-Track Sprinter now competing on the road. He is currently riding for Cycle Premier Race Team after a season blighted with injury for in 2011. Pritchard represented Scotland at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="31004012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004012" title="30th Tactical Missile Squadron">
30th Tactical Missile Squadron

The 30th Tactical Missile Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. In 1985 the squadron was formed by combining three United States Air Force and Army Air Forces units that had served in World War II and the Cold War into a single unit with a common heritage. However, the combined unit has not since been active.
The consolidated squadron was first active during World War II as the 669th Bombardment Squadron. For most of 1943, the squadron served as a training unit, but in September, it began training for overseas movement to England, where it served in combat as part of Ninth Air Force and earned a Distinguished Unit Citation for action in France in 1944. After the surrender of Germany, the squadron prepared for redeployment to the Pacific, but returned to the United States, where it was inactivated.
The second unit was activated in 1952 as the 69th Pilotless Bomber Squadron, a tactical missile unit. It initially participated in the test and development of the Martin TM-61 Matador missile as part of Air Research and Development Command. It became part of Tactical Air Command, and trained until it deployed to Europe, where it stood alert as a part of United States Air Forces Europe. It was inactivated in 1958 and its mission, personnel, and mission were transferred to the 405th Tactical Missile Squadron.
The 30th Air Defense Missile Squadron was activated in 1959 and was assigned to the Bangor Air Defense Sector of Aerospace Defense Command near Dow Air Force Base, Maine. In maintained air defense alert there with CIM-10 Bomarc missiles until it was inactivated in 1964. 
History.
World War II.
Organization and training in the United States.
The squadron was first activated in 1943 as the 669th Bombardment Squadron (Light) at Will Rogers Field, Oklahoma, one of the four original squadrons assigned to the 416th Bombardment Group. The unit drew its initial cadre from the 51st Bombardment Squadron of the 46th Bombardment Group at Will Rogers, and its aircrews continued to fly with the 46th group until 11 May, when it received its first two planes.
The 669th moved to Lake Charles Army Air Field in June, where it began its training mission as a North American B-25 Mitchell medium bomber Operational Training Unit under Third Air Force. The operational training program involved the use of an oversized unit to provide cadres to "satellite groups." On 25 July, the unit began to transfer personnel to what would be the first group organized from is parent 416th group, the 418th Bombardment Group.
In September 1943, the squadron's mission changed when it converted to Douglas A-20 Havoc light attack bombers and trained in attack and light bombardment tactics. When the squadron mission changed, the 418th group it had recently helped spin off was disbanded and the personnel returned to the 416th group. The squadron suffered three accidents during training at Lake Charles, all during the month of October. Two of the crews were lost when one plane disappeared into the Gulf of Mexico and another suffered a mid-air collision with a plane of the 671st Bombardment Squadron.
Combat in the European Theater.
The squadron departed its final training base at Laurel Army Air Field on New Year's Day of 1944 for the overseas staging area of Camp Shanks, New York, arriving two days later. The squadron remained at the Port of Embarkation until 18 January, when it sailed for the European Theater of Operations, where it became part of Ninth Air Force in England. It arrived at its station, RAF Wethersfield, on 2 February, and its first A-20G airplane arrived eight days later. The squadron was assigned the fuselage code 2A and, along with the rest of the group adopted a white diagonal stripe along the trailing edge of its aircraft's tails.
The 669th engaged in diversionary attacks over the English Channel the first two days of March, and on the third flew its first attack on the continent against the airfield at Poix, France. From England, the squadron engaged in tactical bombardment of enemy targets mainly in coastal areas of France and the Low Countries. It attacked V-1 flying bomb sites in France. It flew a number of missions against airfields and coastal defenses to help prepare for Operation Overlord, the invasion of Normandy. During April, it flew a mission supporting Martin B-26 Marauders in which it dropped window to confuse enemy air defenses over the target area. The 669th supported Operation Overlord, the invasion of Normandy in June 1944 by striking road junctions, marshalling yards, bridges, and railway overpasses. It assisted ground forces at Caen and St Lo in July and at Brest later in the summer by hitting transportation facilities, supply dumps, radar installations, and other targets. 
In spite of intense resistance, which shot down two of the squadron aircraft in the first attacking formation, the unit bombed a railroad junction at Frevent, bridges, rolling stock, and a radar station to disrupt the enemy's retreat through the Falaise gap in August, and was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation for this action. The squadron assisted in Operation Market Garden, the airborne attack on the Netherlands, in September. It then supported the assault on the Siegfried Line by pounding transportation, warehouses, supply dumps, and defended villages in Germany. By the following month, it became apparent that the advance of Allied forces on the continent made it operationally necessary for light bomber units like the 669th to be located east of Paris to support ground forces. 
Accordingly, the squadron moved to an advanced landing ground at a former Luftwaffe base, Melun/Villaroche Airfield, about 115 miles behind the front. It flew its first mission from the new base on 27 September.
The squadron converted to Douglas A-26 Invader aircraft in November 1944, receiving its first four A-26s on the last day of September. Thirty-five days later, on 5 November, the squadron had completed its conversion to the faster Invader and was ready to fly missions with it. The 416th group was the first in the Army Air Forces to fly combat missions with the Invader, making its first attack on 16 November against Hagenau. Using its new aircraft, it attacked transportation facilities, strong points, communications centers, and troop concentrations during the Battle of the Bulge, from December 1944 to January 1945. The 669th aided the Allied thrust into Germany by continuing its strikes against transportation, communications, airfields, storage depots, and other objectives from February through May 1945. It bombed flak positions in support of Operation Varsity, the airborne assault across the Rhine, in March 1945. 
Demobilization.
The squadron flew its last combat mission on 3 May 1945 and ended combat with the surrender of Germany. Although personnel began to rotate back to the United States, the squadron maintained a training schedule in anticipation of being redeployed to the Pacific Theater of Operations. At the end of July the air echelon departed and the ground echelon of the squadron moved to Camp Chicago, about fifteen miles from the base at Laon/Athies Airfield in what was intended as preparation for a move to the Pacific. 
After the Japanese surrender, the squadron endured a series of delays in shipment, finally returning to the US where it was inactivated at the Port of Embarkation in September.
Cold War cruise missile service.
The squadron was established for the second time as the 69th Pilotless Bomber Squadron, a TM-61A Matador tactical surface-to-surface missile squadron in early 1952. It was the second squadron intended for eventual tactical deployment, and trained at Patrick Air Force Base under the supervision of the 6555th Guided Missiles Squadron, which was assigned to the 6555th Guided Missile Wing of Air Research and Development Command. Its TM-61 Matadors were designed to carry a nuclear warhead and after being rocket launched used a conventional jet engine to reach their targets. Training under the 6555th included individual training, followed by team training, where the individuals were joined together and trained as crews. The final phase of training was conducted by the unit itself. Because of a shortage in training equipment and the earlier activation of the 1st Pilotless Bomber Squadron, the squadron's training was delayed until June. By the end of the year, the squadron was considered "basically trained." However, lack of systems equipment and training launch delays caused by problems with the Matador's performance delayed the squadron's planned deployment.
The squadron then moved to Orlando Air Force Base, Florida and Tactical Air Command to prepare for operational deployment. However, the 6555th continued to provide administrative and logistical support to the 69th. Just before transfer the unit had made its first three training launches. By the end of June it had launched thirty missiles at night, day, in adverse weather, and as part of multiple missile launches and its training was considered complete.
The squadron deployed to United States Air Forces in Europe and was assigned to Hahn Air Base in West Germany as part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's defense of western Europe. It became operational in October 1954. While at Hahn, it was redesignated as the 69th Tactical Missile Squadron. The squadron kept its missiles on alert from dispersed missile sites near Hahn until June 1958 when the squadron was inactivated and replaced at Hahn by the 405th Tactical Missile Squadron, which took over its personnel, equipment, and mission when the 701st Tactical Missile Wing and its component groups were inactivated and replaced by the 38th Tactical Missile Wing.
Cold War air defense missile service.
The third activation of the squadron occurred on 1 June 1959 at Dow Air Force Base, Maine as the 30th Air Defense Missile Squadron and it stood alert during the Cold War with nuclear armed IM-99A (later CIM-10) BOMARC surface to air antiaircraft missiles. The Dow BOMARC site was the fourth of fourteen BOMARC sites to be constructed. The squadron was tied into a Semi-Automatic Ground Environment direction center operated by Bangor Air Defense Sector which used analog computers to process information from ground radars, picket ships and airborne warning aircraft to process tracking data at the direction center to quickly direct the missile site to engage hostile aircraft. The squadron never upgraded to the "B" model of the BOMARC, but was inactivated on 15 December 1964. The BOMARC missile site was located north-northeast of Dow AFB at . Although the missile site was geographically separated from the main base, it was part of Dow. The site still has its BOMARC missile shelters intact, which are being reused as an industrial park and are home to several small businesses.
Consolidation.
The three squadrons were consolidated as the 30th Tactical Missile Squadron on 19 September 1985, while remaining inactive.
Lineage.
669th Bombardment Squadron
69th Tactical Missile Squadron
30th Air Defense Missile Squadron
References.
Bibliography.
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="31004029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004029" title="Antonio Negri (poet)">
Antonio Negri (poet)

Antonio Negri (1881–1966) was an Italian poet, best known for his works in Milanese language. He began writing in 1931, after retiring from work and relocating to Montevecchia, in Brianza, and was later a prolific author. One of his prominent works is "On soldaa papà" ("A soldier father", 1936), inspired by "On papà soldaa" ("A father soldier", 1935) by Giannino Sessa. While both works are based on the theme of a girl whose father dies in World War I, Negri's version is crudely anti-rhetoric (the orphan girl prostitutes herself to make a living) and conveys pacifist values that openly contrasted those promoted in Italy by the Fascist regime of the time.
Another prominent work by Negri was an adaptation of Carlo Collodi's "Adventures of Pinocchio" in verses, based on the poet's vision of "Pinocchio" as an "odysseic" and highly symbolical novel. In 1955, Negri also contributed to the realization of the Fontana a Pinocchio, a statuary fountain in Milan dedicated to Collodi's character, writing a line to be inscribed on the pedestal of Pinocchio's statue, namely: "E tu che mi guardi sei ben sicuro d'aver domato il burattino che vive in te?"

</doc>
<doc id="31004033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004033" title="List of Presidents of the House of Deputies of Prussia">
List of Presidents of the House of Deputies of Prussia

Presidents of the Prussian House of Deputies

</doc>
<doc id="31004038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004038" title="List of football clubs in Syria">
List of football clubs in Syria

A list of football teams in Syria in the top division.

</doc>
<doc id="31004052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004052" title="South African Class 8Z 2-8-0">
South African Class 8Z 2-8-0

The South African Class 8Z 2-8-0 of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1904 the Cape Government Railways placed its last eight 8th Class 2-8-0 Consolidation type steam locomotives in service. Most other Cape 8th Class locomotives were built with a Mastodon type wheel arrangement. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, these eight were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8Z.
Manufacturer.
The first locomotive in the Cape Government Railways (CGR) Consolidation type 8th Class, later to become the South African Railways (SAR) Class 8X, was designed by H.M. Beatty, the CGR’s Chief Locomotive Superintendent from 1896 to 1910.
In 1904 a third batch of eight of these locomotives was ordered from the North British Locomotive Company of Glasgow, Scotland. All eight were allocated to the Cape Western System of the CGR, numbered in the range from 821 to 828. After these, all subsequent CGR 8th Class locomotives were built with a Mastodon wheel arrangement.
Characteristics.
These locomotives were very similar to the previous four Kitson-built Consolidations, but slightly larger in boiler and firegrate area dimensions. They also used saturated steam and cylinders with overhead slide valves actuated by inside Stephenson valve gear. Of the three models of type XE1 tender that were in use at the time, these locomotives were equipped with the version that had the largest coal capacity.
Class 8 sub-classes.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act, enacted by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these locomotives were designated Class 8Z on the SAR and renumbered in the range from 900 to 907.
In spite of the difference in wheel arrangement, the CGR grouped its Consolidation and post Class 7 Mastodon locomotives together as the 8th Class. In 1912 all these and locomotives, together with the to Mastodon locomotives from the Central South African Railways (CSAR), were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8Z was used mainly in the Western Cape, shedded at Touwsrivier. A few later ended up at Bloemfontein in the Orange Free State and Klerksdorp in Transvaal. They were withdrawn by 1935.
Sides illustrated.
The main picture and the following serve to illustrate the locomotive from both sides.

</doc>
<doc id="31004091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004091" title="Combat of Korneuburg">
Combat of Korneuburg

The Combat of Korneuburg was a relatively minor rearguard action fought by Austrian VI Korps of the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee Hauptarmee" under Johann von Klenau against elements of the French IV Corps of the "Grande Armée d'Allemagne", under the command of Claude Legrand. The brief combat ended in favour of the French.
Context and battle.
Following the French victory at the battle of Wagram the day before, the commander of the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee Hauptarmee", the main Austrian army, Archduke Charles of Austria-Teschen, organised an orderly retreat towards Bohemia. Archduke Charles detailed Klenau, with 18,000 men and 64 cannons to delay the French pursuit, which was spearheaded in this sector by the French IV Corps of Marshal André Masséna. Masséna had formed a vanguard under the overall command of General Legrand, whose command (13,000 men and 24 cannons) included Legrand's own 1st division of IV Corps, the Corps cavalry under General Jacob François Marulaz and the cuirassiers from the 2nd heavy cavalry division of General Raymond-Gaspard de Bonardi de Saint-Sulpice. These forces made contact with the Austrian Corps on 7 July near Korneuburg, around 19 kilometers north of Vienna. After a brief engagement, the French broke through and Klenau promptly retreated. The French had around 350 men killed or wounded, while the total Austrian losses are unknown, but included 300 prisoners of war.

</doc>
<doc id="31004095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004095" title="Querceto (Montecatini Val di Cecina)">
Querceto (Montecatini Val di Cecina)

Querceto is a frazione in the comune of Montecatini Val di Cecina of the Province of Pisa in Italy. The village is located on the slopes of Mount Aneo, near Volterra

</doc>
<doc id="31004102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004102" title="Cyanea glabra">
Cyanea glabra

Cyanea glabra is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name smooth cyanea. It is endemic to Maui, where there are twelve plants remaining in the wild. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States with nine other Maui Nui endemics in 1999. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a branching shrub that reaches an uncertain height. It grows in wet forests dominated by "Acacia koa" and/or "Metrosideros polymorpha" at . Associated plants include "Cheirodendron trigynum", "Tetraplasandra hawaiensis", "Xylosma hawaiiense", "Pipturus albidus", "Coprosma" spp., "Wikstroemia oahuensis", "Clermontia kakeana", "Psychotria" spp., "Sadleria" spp., "Cyrtandra spathulata", "Touchardia latifolia", "Freycinetia arborea", and "Cyanea elliptica". The remaining 12 plants are part of one population divided into two subpopulations. Threats to the species include exotic plants, feral pigs, and landslides.

</doc>
<doc id="31004149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004149" title="Guangnania">
Guangnania

Guangnania was a genus of Early Devonian land plant with branching axes. It is thought to be related to the zosterophylls.

</doc>
<doc id="31004162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004162" title="2011–12 Washington Capitals season">
2011–12 Washington Capitals season

The 2011–12 Washington Capitals season was the franchise's 38th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). Washington finished the year as the seventh place team in the Eastern Conference. In the opening round of the playoffs, they matched up with the defending Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins. Due to injuries the Capitals were forced to play rookie goaltender Braden Holtby. Washington's defeat of the Bruins marked the first time in NHL history in which all seven games of a series were decided by one goal. Facing the East's top seed in the Conference Semifinals, Washington was defeated in seven games by the New York Rangers. Holtby was lauded for his playoff performance where he recorded a .935 save percentage and was credited with putting Washington in a position to win each game.
Washington won their first seven games, setting a franchise record for consecutive victories to start a season. Shortly after an early season slump prompted the benching of offensive star players Alexander Ovechkin and Alexander Semin in separate games. The moves failed to produce results and head coach Boudreau was replaced by Dale Hunter. Boudreau's firing came seven days after he won his two-hundredth game as an NHL head coach, achieving the feat faster anyone in league history. Under Hunter the Capitals battled the Florida Panthers for the Southeast Division, ultimately losing out on their fifth straight division title on the final day of the season. Two days after Washington's playoff elimination, Hunter stepped down as head coach; Adam Oates was hired as his replacement.
Individually Ovechkin and Dennis Wideman were named to the All-Star Game. Due to a suspension for a reckless hit Ovechkin elected not to attend the game to avoid being a distraction. Four Capitals were named one of the NHL's weekly three stars – a total of five times throughout the season. Three players made their NHL debut, while Mike Knuble played in his one-thousandth game.
Off-season.
During the off-season the Capitals made several player changes. One of the players that was not retained by the team, Matt Bradley, started a controversy with his comments from a radio interview in Ottawa. In the interview Bradley said his former team was "a little bit too nonchalant and guys weren’t disciplined the way they should have been" which he claimed were the two biggest reasons why the team was not able to advance past the second round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. He later stated that head coach Bruce Boudreau did not give the most ice time to players who were playing well, but went with his star players. He further noted that Boudreau was a "great coach" who had been put in a tough position. When asked to point out examples Bradley stated that Alexander Semin "could easily be the best player in the league" but he "just doesn’t care" further noting "When you've got a guy like that, you need him to be your best player, or one of your best players, and when he doesn't show up, you almost get the sense that he wants to be back in Russia." Semin's agent came to his client's defense stating he "always cares". While teammate Mike Knuble noted that because Semin speaks limited English the language barrier affects the way that he is perceived. Further noting that the interview comments were something Bradley regretted. When asked about the comments former Capitals' forward David Steckel stated that "It's not like he went out and told lies." Bradley later apologized for his comments in an interview with the "Sun Sentinel".
Including Bradley, the Capitals lost six players who played for them in the playoffs, as well as back-up goaltender Semyon Varlamov. To replace some of the departed players, Washington traded its 2011 first round draft pick to the Chicago Blackhawks for veteran winger Troy Brouwer, who was a member of the Blackhawks' Stanley Cup championship team in 2010. They signed Joel Ward as a free agent, adding grit and the hopes that he could duplicate his 2011 playoff success. Ward scored 7 goals and 13 points in 12 playoff games with the Nashville Predators, after scoring 10 goals and 29 points in 80 regular season games. In net they added veteran Tomas Vokoun, who was considered to be one of the top goaltenders in the 2011 free agent class. He signed a one-year $1.5 million contract, well below his believed market value, to have a chance at winning the Stanley Cup. After making these and other off-season moves, the Capitals were over the NHL salary cap. The expectation was that defenseman Tom Poti would not be able to play due to injury. Washington would place him on long-term injured reserve and Poti's $2.9 million salary would not count against the cap total. Unexpectedly Poti told the Capitals that he would be ready to play by training camp. However, Poti failed his medical exam prior to training camp and was placed on long-term injured reserve.
Regular season.
October – November.
In the season opener against the Carolina Hurricanes, Boudreau made a "surprise" decision to start goaltender Michal Neuvirth. Boudreau stated that the reason behind his decision was a reward for Neuvirth's hard work in training camp. Prior to the Capitals' second game Neuvirth sustained a bruised foot and was unable to play. In his Capitals debut Vokoun struggled allowing 5 goals on 28 shots, but Washington won the game 6–5 in a shootout. In the post-game interview Vokoun blamed himself for the high number of goals and thanked his teammates for getting him the win in a game he should have lost. Vokoun rebounded in his second game making 39 saves in a 3–2 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins. He continued
his strong play and was named the NHL's third star of the week ending October 23 and helped the Capitals to a franchise record seven game win streak to start a season.
After losing two straight games Washington was down 4–3 to the Anaheim Ducks in the final minutes of the game. With the goaltender pulled Boudreau decided to play the third line of Ward, Brooks Laich, and Jason Chimera with Nicklas Backstrom as the extra attacker. Boudreau stated that he was "playing a hunch" by leaving star forward Alexander Ovechkin on the bench. The move paid off as Backstrom scored to force overtime. He also scored the game winner in overtime assisted by Ovechkin. When asked about being left on the bench in a post-game interview, Ovechkin stated that Laich's line deserved to be on the ice – though the video showed Ovechkin visibly upset about being left on the bench. The following day Ovechkin stated that he was upset about not being on the ice in the final minutes, but that he understood Boudreau's decision. "The Hockey News"' Ken Campbell applauded the benching of Ovechkin stating that in the past Boudreau had shown a willingness to continually put his star players out on the ice despite how they were playing and accepted the consequences. Campbell noted the move was Boudreau "addressing his most glaring problem as a coach".
Following the benching incident the Capitals went 2–5–0 leading up to their November 21 game against the Phoenix Coyotes. For the game Boudreau made headlines again for not playing one of his star players, this time making Semin a healthy scratch (a non-dressing player). Semin led the team in penalty minutes (PIMs) as well as being tied for second in the NHL with 14 minor penalties. Boudreau previously benched Semin for the second half of a game versus the New Jersey Devils after the winger had taken two minors and was not focused. Washington defeated Phoenix in the game 4–3. NBC's Mike Halford echoed Campbell's statement when discussing the benching of Semin, commenting that it was a "bold move" and the latest in a series of messages sent by Boudreau. Halford further questioned if the new stance would eventually cost Boudreau his job.
The benchings did not produce the desired results as the Capitals lost six of eight games, with Ovechkin scoring only one goal during the same stretch. As a result Washington fired Boudreau on November 28 and replaced him with former Capitals captain, Dale Hunter. Hunter was the head coach of the Ontario Hockey League's (OHL) London Knights when he was hired. During his time with London he set an OHL record for fastest coach to 300 and 400 career wins. The Capitals lost Hunter's coaching debut 2–1 to the St. Louis Blues. The following day Boudreau spoke to the media about being fired. He stated that general manager George McPhee made the "right decision at the time" and that despite speculation he did not feel that Ovechkin was a problem stating that he "worked as hard and tried as hard as he could".
December – January.
The Capitals did not give Hunter his first NHL win until his third game. The 3–2 win over the Ottawa Senators broke a four game losing streak. Brooks Laich scored the game-winning goal just 12 seconds into the overtime period. It would prove to be the fastest overtime goal scored during the 2011-12 NHL regular season. In the rematch four days later, Ovechkin appeared to spear Senators forward Chris Neil. Following a Neil hit on Ovechkin, the pair skated up the ice whereupon Neil fell to the ice following the alleged spear. Neil was given an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty for diving. A spearing penalty, if called, would have resulted in a five-minute major penalty and a game misconduct. Later in the game Ovechkin scored the eventual game-winning goal; his first goal in six games. When asked about the incident after the game Neil described it as a "pitchfork in the gut" while Ovechkin stated he was "not the type of guy who spears players." The following day a league spokesman stated that Ovechkin would not be suspended or fined for the incident.
The December 28 game vs. the New York Rangers marked the return of fourth line forward Jay Beagle. Beagle missed 31 games with a concussion suffered in a fight against the Penguins' Arron Asham. The fight itself had generated a minor controversy as Asham, an experienced fighter, made celebratory gestures after knocking out Beagle, who was in his first career NHL fight. Several Capitals expressed their displeasure with Asham after the game, while Asham himself called his actions "classless". Beagle's work ethic in his return was called contagious by teammate Matt Hendricks and helped the Capitals to a 4–1 victory.
In late December Ovechkin went on a seven game point streak that featured the two point games in the final four games of the streak. In conjunction with the point streak he scored eight goals in nine games. Washington went 5–1–1 during the streak which was snapped in a 5–2 loss to the San Jose Sharks on January 7. In the game prior to the streak being snapped, Capitals' defenseman Mike Green returned from a groin injury that had kept him out for 23 games. Washington defeated the Calgary Flames 3–1 in the contest, which moved their record to 9–0–0 with Green in the line-up. The news coming out of the game was not all good. During the game Capitals leading scorer Backstrom was elbowed in the head by the Flames' Rene Bourque. Backstrom underwent concussion testing which was inconclusive; he suffered from what was described as "concussion-like symptoms" and was eventually placed on injured reserve. Bourque was suspended from five games for delivering the elbow. Compounding the Capitals' injury problem was the loss of Green in just his second game back, he re-injured his groin during the contest and was placed on long term injured reserve. During a game versus the Penguins, Ovechkin delivered a hit to Pittsburgh defenseman Zbynek Michalek. On the hit Ovechkin launched himself into Michalek's shoulder, the force of the hit caused Ovechkin to make contact with Michalek's head. Later in the game Michalek delivered an elbow to the back of Hendricks' head driving it into the glass. The following day it was announced that Ovechkin was suspended for three games for the reckless hit despite not receiving a penalty on the play during the game. Vice president of player safety, Brendan Shanahan, stated the length of the suspension took into account that Ovechkin was a repeat offender, having been suspended twice before and fined twice as well. It also took into consideration that Michalek was not injured on the play. Despite his actions Michalek avoided a fine or suspension. Without Ovechkin, Backstrom, or Green, Washington defeated the defending Stanley Cup champion Boston Bruins in the final game before the All-Star break to move into first place in the Southeast Division.
Washington had two players named to the NHL All-Star Game. Despite having a poor season by his standards, Ovechkin was named to the All-Star Game. However, due to his suspension, Ovechkin announced that he did not want to be a distraction at the game. He was not comfortable going, and declined to attend the All-Star weekend. Dennis Wideman was the Capitals other All-Star. He recorded 34 points heading into the break while averaging over 24 minutes of ice time per game.
February – April.
Washington started the second half of the season with a 2–2–1 record. In their next game against the Winnipeg Jets, the Capitals lost a two goal lead late in the game, eventually losing in a shootout. The loss knocked the Capitals out of first place in their division and they dropped from third to ninth in the conference. Washington lost their next two games before defeating the division leading Florida Panthers 2–1. The game marked Vokoun's first game in Florida after leaving the team as a free agent in the off-season. With the win Washington moved two points behind the Panthers. Despite being close Washington could not build any momentum losing their next three games before closing out the month of February on a three game win streak.
Washington continued its inconsistent play into the month of March losing three games before going on a four game win streak leading up to a game versus the Jets. During the loss to the Jets Vokoun re-aggravated a reoccurring groin injury. He had been dealing with the injury since late February, forcing him out of the line-up. Braden Holtby was recalled to serve as the team's back-up. During Vokoun's absence Ovechkin began a goal scoring streak notching nine goals in seven games, culminating in a two goal performance during a 3–0 victory over the Minnesota Wild. The scoring steak helped Ovechkin to be named NHL's third star of the week. The win moved the Capitals into the eighth and final playoff spot. They did not remain there long however, as their next game was a lost 5–1 to the Buffalo Sabres, who passed Washington for eighth place. The following game against the Bruins Vokoun returned, but played only 18:25 before the injury forced him from the game. While the Capitals won the game, it was Vokoun's final game of the season as well as his last as a Capital, Vokoun later described the injury as a "pretty severe (groin) tear". Washington's final game of March marked the return of Backstrom, who had missed 40 games with a concussion. The Capitals won the game 3–2 in a shootout moving them back into eighth place.
Entering April the Capitals had a chance to clinch a playoff spot against the Tampa Bay Lightning. The game was tied 2–2 with 1:03 remaining when Steven Stamkos scored leading Tampa to the eventual 4–2 victory. Facing the division leading Panthers in their next game, Washington succeeded in clinching a playoff spot with a 4–2 win of their own. The victory also gave the Capitals a chance at winning the division in their final game. During the game Neuvirth was hurt when former Capital Marco Sturm fell on top of him while he was making a save. Neuvirth left after the incident and did not return. Neuvirth suffered a lower body injury and was not ready to return for the final game or the start of the playoffs. Washington won its final game of the year behind a 35 save performance from Holtby, clinching at least the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference pending the outcome of Florida’s game. A win by the Panthers in their final game prevented Washington from winning their fifth straight division title and moving to third place.
Playoffs.
Finishing the regular season as the seventh seed, Washington was matched up with the defending champion Bruins. As Vokoun and Neuvirth were still injured, the Capitals were forced to start Holtby in game one. Through the first two periods Boston was in control of the game out-shooting Washington 26–7. Despite the disparity in shots, the game remained tied 0–0 after regulation. Washington lost the game shortly into overtime. They rebounded to tie the series when Backstrom scored in double overtime of game two. Through the first two games of the series, Holtby stopped 72 of 74 Bruins' shots. In game three the two teams again looked to be heading to overtime tied 3–3 late in the third when Backstrom took a penalty. Zdeno Chara scored on the man advantage with under two minutes remaining giving Boston the win. After the game ended Backstrom was given a match penalty for intent to injure following a cross-check to Rich Peverley. Backstrom received a one game suspension for his actions. Without Backstrom in game four, the Capitals evened the series with a 2–1 victory that featured a 44 save performance from Holtby. The Capitals took their first lead in the series thanks to a Brouwer power play goal with 1:27 left in regulation of game five. Facing elimination Boston did not trail throughout game six and was in position to win late in the third. However, an Ovechkin goal led to overtime, were Tyler Seguin scored to force a seventh and deciding game. Game seven went to overtime where a dump-in attempt was blocked by Knuble giving him a breakaway. He took a backhand that was stopped by Boston's Tim Thomas. Ward followed the play and scored the game-winning goal on the rebound. With Washington's victory in the series, Holtby became just the third rookie goaltender in NHL history to defeat the reigning Stanley Cup champions. It was also the first playoff series in NHL history which all seven games were decided by one goal.
In the second round Washington was matched up with the top seed in the Eastern Conference the New York Rangers. After losing game one by giving up two goals in 1:30 span, Washington took a 2–0 lead in game two, only to have the Rangers come back and tie the score in the third period. The Capitals won the game on an Ovechkin power play goal late in the third. Game three was a three overtime contest that ended when Marian Gaborik scored to give New York a 2–1 win. The 114:41 game was the twentieth longest game in NHL history, and Washington's third-longest game in franchise history. Washington evened the series in game four with a one goal win. In the win Ovechkin was benched for the majority of the third period. After the game Ovechkin noted that the most important thing was that the Capitals won the game. Washington looked to be heading for their first series lead as game five was coming to an end. The Capitals were leading 2–1 with 21.3 seconds remaining when Ward took a double minor penalty for high-sticking. On the ensuing power play Brad Richards scored with 6.6 seconds left in regulation to tie the game. The Rangers remained on the power play to start the overtime period, with Ward serving the second half of his double minor when Marc Staal scored to give New York the win. Facing elimination in game six Washington took the lead 1:28 into the game on an Ovechkin power play tally. They did not trail in the game and won 2–1 to force game seven. Ovechkin's goal was the thirtieth of his post-season career which tied him for the Capitals all-time franchise record with Peter Bondra. In the deciding game Richards scored 1:32 into the first period helping New York to the eventual 2–1 victory and the series win. Holtby finished the playoffs with a 1.95 goals against average, a .935 save percentage, and was praised for his "breakout" performance while being credited with giving the Capitals a "chance to win every game".
Post season.
Two days after the loss, Hunter stepped down as head coach for personal reasons. McPhee announced that he would take his time considering candidates to replace Hunter. The search lasted a month and a half before the Capitals hired Adam Oates. The intention was to have a coach that combined the up-tempo style implored by Boudreau and the "defense first" system of Hunter. McPhee said of the hiring "you try to get the smartest guy in the room" and he believed Oates was that person. Ovechkin noted that he was excited to play under a coach he believed would bring more offense back to Washington's system. Oates' hiring came on the same day that he was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a player.
Standings.
Divisional standings.
<noinclude>
Conference standings.
Divisions: "AT" – Atlantic, "NE" – Northeast, "SE" – Southeast
x – Qualified for playoffs, y – Clinched division, z – Clinched conference (and division)<br>
<noinclude>
Schedule and results.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss Clinch Playoff Series Eliminated from playoffs
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; Min = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
Awards and records.
Entering the season Boudreau had amassed 189 wins in 309 NHL games. The win total put him on track to surpass Don Cherry as the fastest head coach to reach 200 NHL victories. After reaching 199 wins Washington went on a four game losing streak before finally earning Boudreau the milestone win. Despite the losing streak Boudreau registered his 200th win in 326 games eclipsing Cherry's previous mark of 341 games. While Boudreau set the record he had the advantage of overtime and shootout victories which did not exists during Cherry's coaching career. Boudreau was fired seven days after setting the record.
Besides Ovechkin's March and Vokoun's third star award, Washington had players named NHL weekly stars three other times. Backstrom was named a third star after recording four points in two games. John Carlson earned third star honors with back to back three point games and finishing the week with seven points. Ovechkin received the first of his two star awards by scoring eight points in six games in January.
Transactions.
Going into the off-season there was concern over the future of goaltender Varlamov. Washington had given the restricted free agent a qualifying offer giving the Capitals the right to match any other NHL offers or receive draft pick compensation if they did not match. Though Washington had control of his negotiating rights, Varlamov indicated that he would leave the NHL to play in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He stated that while he wanted to play in the NHL he did not want to be a back-up. If Varlamov left the league Washington would not receive any compensation, but would retain his NHL rights. In the KHL a war for Varlamov's services was developing. Lokomotiv Yaroslav claimed to retain Varlamov's KHL rights and wanted to sign him to a contract around $2 million a season. Alternately SKA Saint Petersburg filed a complaint with the league stating his rights were not owned because his original contract with Yaroslav predated the formation of the KHL and was therefore invalid. Before the situation could be resolved, the Capitals traded Varlamov's rights to the Colorado Avalanche for a first round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft along with a conditional second round selection 2012 or 2013. Following the trade, team owner Ted Leonsis noted that Varlamov "wanted assurances that we couldn’t make to him". He was disappointed, but wished Varlamov well with Colorado. The Avalanche then signed the goaltender to a three-year $8.5 million contract, thus keeping him in the NHL.
2011 draft picks.
The 2011 NHL Entry Draft was held in St. Paul, Minnesota on June 24 and 25. Heading into the draft the Capitals had only five picks due to a variety of trades, which was tied for the fewest in franchise history. Believing that they had prospect depth in their organization and not seeing an available player who could help immediately, Washington traded their first round pick for Brouwer. With just late round selections remaining, the Capitals decided to take players that required time to develop. Three of their four picks were in, or set to attend, college. Fourth round pick Steffen Soberg, the lone player not attending college, played in the GET-ligaen, Norway's highest level of competition. At the 2011 IIHF World U18 Championships he posted the second highest save percentage in the tournament and was considered one of Norway's top three players; though no Norwegian goaltender has ever played an NHL game.
source:
Notes.
1: Washington traded Eric Fehr and Varlamov, while Jason Arnott, Marco Sturm, Scott Hannan, Boyd Gordon, and Bradley all left via free agency. All played at least five games for the Capitals during the 2011 playoffs, except Varlamov, who as the back-up, did not play any games.
2: The NHL uses a point system that awards two points for a win and one point an overtime or shootout loss. The denotation of a teams record is wins-losses-overtime/shootout losses.
3: In ice hockey a combination of a player's goals and assists are collectively called points. Though a lone goal or assist can also be referred to as a point. A point streak consists of registering a point in multiple consecutive games.

</doc>
<doc id="31004166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004166" title="Yuzo Wada">
Yuzo Wada

Yuzo Wada (和田 雄三, born May 2, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31004173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004173" title="Sultan bin Turki Al Sedairy">
Sultan bin Turki Al Sedairy

Sultan Al-Sedairy () is a Saudi scientist born in 1955 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. He currently holds the following positions: Research Centre executive director (King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre, since 1996), chief executive director (Prince Salman Center for Disability Research, since 2004), and professor, College of Medicine (Alfaisal University, since 2011).
Education.
Al-Sedairy received his Bachelor of Science degree in Biology/Chemistry in 1979 from the University of Puget Sound (Tacoma, Washington). He received his diploma in Medical Technology in 1981 from the Cleveland Clinic Education Foundation (Cleveland, Ohio). He completed his MA in Pathology in 1982, his MPhil in 1984, and his PhD in 1987 (Pathobiology, with focus on tumor immunology), Thesis: Human Tumor Antigens Identified with Monoclonal Antibodies all from Columbia University (New York). His post-doctoral fellowship was completed under the supervision of Prof. H. Vogel in 1987 (March - October) at the Department of Pathology, College of Physicians and Surgeons (Columbia University).
Leadership.
National.
Member, Biotechnology Committee of the King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology
Member, Kingdom's Experts' Council in the field of Medical Science and Technology
Member, Oversight Committee for the National Strategy for Science and Technology and Innovation
Member, Technology Advisory Council, Saudi Technology Development and Investment Company (TAQNIA)
International.
Vice President, International Network for Cancer Treatment and Research
Member, Governing Council, International Network for Cancer Treatment and Research
Member of the Tumour Biology Committee, International Union Against Cancer
Member of the Board of Trustees, Dubai Harvard Foundation
Member of the Scientific Advisory Committee, Dubai Harvard Foundation
Member of the Scientific Committee, InNaBioSanté Foundation
Member of the Executive Committee, International Cancer Genome Consortium
Member of the Advisory Board, KACST-UCSD Joint Center for Excellence in Nanomedicine & Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA
Research.
Al-Sedairy's research interest is in tumor and transplantation immunology and has published over 150 full-length papers and meeting abstracts. He is a Visiting Research Scientist at the Transplantation Research Centre at Children's Hospital at Harvard Medical School (Boston). He chairs the Research Advisory Council at KFSH&RC and helped establish local guidelines for medical research pertaining to scientific and ethical values. He supports increased awareness to the benefits of healthcare research and biotechnology and towards ensuring the availability of resources and opportunities for the proliferation of research.
Gender and Disability Issues.
Al-Sedairy has helped advance several gender and disability-related initiatives. Some of these include the establishment of a national network of female Saudi scientists, the establishment of a national newborn screening program, and initiatives for the benefit of people with learning difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="31004175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004175" title="Judith Sulzberger">
Judith Sulzberger

Judith Peixotto Sulzberger (December 27, 1923 – February 21, 2011) of New York, New York, was a physician and philanthropist. Her family has been associated with "The New York Times" since her grandfather, Adolph Ochs purchased the paper in 1896.
Early life and childhood.
Sulzberger was one of four children of Arthur Hays Sulzberger (1891–1968) and Iphigene Ochs Sulzberger (1892–1990). Arthur Hays Sulzberger was the publisher of "The New York Times" from 1935 to 1961.
Education.
She graduated from Smith College of Northampton, Mass. in 1946, and from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1949.
Her internship was in pathology at Grasslands Hospital of Valhalla, New York.
Career.
She was a director of "The New York Times" from 1974 to 2000.
She authored a book "Younger" (2003).
In the early 1990s, she provided financing for what became the J. P. Sulzberger Genome Center at Columbia’s College of Physicians and Surgeons, her alma mater.
Death.
Her cause of death was pancreatic cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31004192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004192" title="Grisellatheca">
Grisellatheca

Grisellatheca was a genus of land plant with branching axes. It is known from charcoalified Early Devonian deposits, its type locality being the Brown Clee Hill lagerstatten. Its "Terahedraletes" spores form permanent tetrads. Its internal anatomy comprises banded tubes, but it lacked an external cuticle. It shows some liverwort characters, and is hesitantly assigned to this group. 

</doc>
<doc id="31004203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004203" title="Michel M. Liès">
Michel M. Liès

Michel M. Liès (born 1954 in Pont-Sainte-Maxence, France) is a citizen of Luxembourg and noted reinsurance expert. He currently serves as Group Chief Executive Officer of Swiss Re.
Career.
in 1974 Michel Liès obtained a degree in mathematics from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, Switzerland. Together with his wife he then journeyed to Brazil where he served in São Paulo and Mogi Guaçu as Chief Financial Officer of a ceramics company. He joined Swiss Re in 1978, focusing on Latin American Life & Health markets. In 1994 Michel Liès was named Head of Swiss Re Ibéria & Latin America Property & Casualty. By 1998 he was Member of the company's Executive Board and Head of the Latin America Division. From 2000 - 2005 he led Swiss Re's Europe Division, upon which time he became global Head of Client Markets and member of the Executive Committee. In the fall of 2010 he was named Chairman of Global Partnerships. Global Partnership engages public sector entities, governments, international development institutions and NGOs around the world to jointly find solutions for global risks. On 19 January 2012 the announcement of his new role as Group CEO of Swiss Re came. As of 1 February 2012, he is Group Chief Executive Officer.

</doc>
<doc id="31004213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004213" title="Fusitheca">
Fusitheca

Fusitheca was a genus of land plant with branching axes. It is known from charcoalified Early Devonian deposits, its type locality being the Brown Clee Hill lagerstätten.
Its spores form smooth-walled, unfused, naked dyads. Its axis comprises length-parallel filaments, and their dichotomies are T-shaped, with the branches bending to continue upwards.

</doc>
<doc id="31004215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004215" title="Culullitheca">
Culullitheca

Culullitheca was a genus of land plant with branching axes. It is known from charcoalified Early Devonian deposits, its type locality being the Brown Clee Hill lagerstätten. Its spores formed permanent dyads.

</doc>
<doc id="31004241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004241" title="Mike G">
Mike G

Michael Anthony Griffin II (born June 6, 1990), better known by his stage name Mike G, is an American rapper and DJ. He is best known as a member of the hip hop collective Odd Future and the newest member of OG Ron C's ChopNotSlop DJ group.
Music career.
Mike G had already been a fan of Odd Future for a while before he was asked by Tyler, The Creator to join the group sometime in 2009. The next year Mike released his debut studio album with Odd Future, "Ali". He worked primarily with Sydney Bennett for the production. The album received positive reviews, with reviewers praising "the silky smooth beats," and "Mike's laid back flow."
On August 4, 2011 Mike released a new song, "Chevron," which was produced by Hodgy Beats (the song later ended up on his debut EP, Award Tour EP, released on November 25, 2011). On March 21, 2011, Mike G released a new song called "Forest Green," which was supposed to be on his upcoming mixtape "Gold." The song later appeared on the Odd Future Records release "12 Odd Future Songs" as well as "The Odd Future Tape Vol. 2". Mike G made his TV debut in the ninth episode of Odd Future's show, Loiter Squad, as Mike G.S.I., a spoof of David Caruso's character.
Recently, Mike G has collaborated with underground rapper Vince Staples and associate Joey Fatts for the song "3 Commandments". Mike G has also recently collaborated with Raider Klan members Key Nyata and Denzel Curry. Mike G also appears on MellowHype's third studio album & major label debut, "Numbers" on the track "666".
On April 11, 2013, the three year anniversary of his debut studio album "Ali" release, Mike G released the compilation mixtape "Verses". On April 13, 2013 OG Ron C announced Mike G as the newest member of the Chopstar Djs
On September 11, 2013 on MTV's RapFix, Mike G announced that he would be releasing a new mixtape, "Mike Check" to be released on October 4, 2013. He revealed guest appearances to include Krondon of Strong Arm Steady, Hodgy Beats, and Vince Staples among others.

</doc>
<doc id="31004243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004243" title="Frank Ocean">
Frank Ocean

Christopher Francis Ocean (born Christopher Breaux; October 28, 1987), better known by his stage name Frank Ocean, is an American singer-songwriter and rapper. Ocean started his career as a ghostwriter for artists such as Brandy, Justin Bieber, and John Legend. In 2010, he became a member of alternative hip hop collective OFWGKTA also known as Odd Future, and his debut mixtape, "Nostalgia, Ultra", was released to critical acclaim in 2011. The singles "Novacane" and "Swim Good" both achieved chart success.
In 2012, Ocean finished second place in the BBC's Sound of 2012 poll. His debut studio album, "Channel Orange", was released in July 2012, promoted with three charting singles: "Thinkin Bout You", "Pyramids", and "Sweet Life".
Early life.
Ocean was born Christopher Edwin "Lonny" Breaux on October 28, 1987, in Long Beach, California. When he was around five years old, he and his family moved to New Orleans, Louisiana. He grew up around its local jazz scene and listened to his mother's CDs on her car stereo, including albums by Celine Dion, Anita Baker, and "The Phantom of the Opera" soundtrack. As a teenager, he did neighborhood chores and saved up money to rent studio time. As he recalled, "Oh man I had numerous hustles [...] Washing cars was one of them, and mowing lawns and walking dogs." He enrolled in the University of New Orleans and moved into its dormitory in 2005. Shortly after enrolling in the university, Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans and he transferred to the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
Career.
2005–10: Beginnings in Los Angeles.
In 2005, Hurricane Katrina hit Ocean's hometown of New Orleans and his recording facility was destroyed by floodwater and looting. To continue recording music, he moved to Los Angeles and intended to stay for just six weeks but decided to stay longer and develop his music career after establishing contact with people in the music industry. He recorded some demos at a friend's studio and shopped them around Los Angeles.
After getting a songwriting deal, he started working with other record producers and wrote songs for artists such as Justin Bieber, John Legend, Brandy, and Beyoncé. Ocean later said of his work at the time, "There was a point where I was composing for other people, and it might have been comfy to continue to do that and enjoy that income stream and the anonymity. But that's not why I moved away from school and away from family." He has also worked with artists such as Nas and Pharrell Williams.
Ocean joined Los Angeles-based hip hop collective Odd Future, whom he had met in 2009. His friendship with Odd Future member Tyler, The Creator reinvigorated Ocean's songwriting. In late 2009, he met Tricky Stewart, who helped him sign a contract with Def Jam Recordings as a solo artist.
2011: Breakthrough mixtape and sampling controversy.
On February 18, 2011, Ocean released his first mixtape, "Nostalgia, Ultra", to critical acclaim. The mixtape focuses on interpersonal relationships, personal reflection and social commentary. NPR's Andrew Noz said Ocean's songwriting is "smart and subtle...setting him apart from the pack." "Rolling Stone" magazine's Jonah Weiner wrote that Ocean was a "gifted avant-R&B smoothie". In April 2011, Ocean stated that his relationship with Def Jam strengthened since the release of the mixtape. The mixtape made Ocean widely known and led to his collaborations with rappers Jay-Z and Kanye West.
Ocean first appeared in Tyler, The Creator's music video for the single "She", from Tyler's second studio album "Goblin" (2011). His first performance was in collaboration with Odd Future at the 2011 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, where he later joined them for their first tour across the east coast of the United States. On May 19, 2011 Ocean's record label Def Jam announced its plans to re-release "Nostalgia, Ultra" as an EP. The single 'Novacane' was released to iTunes in May 2011, and the EP originally was set to be released the next month, but was delayed. In June 2011, Ocean revealed that he would be working on the upcoming Kanye West and Jay-Z collaborative album, "Watch the Throne". Ocean co-wrote and featured on two tracks: "No Church in the Wild" and "Made in America".
Ocean sampled the music from The Eagles' song "Hotel California" on his song "American Wedding" from "Nostalgia, Ultra". When asked about it, Ocean stated that Eagles band member "Don Henley is apparently intimidated by my rendition of 'Hotel California'. He threatened to sue if I perform it again." In response to Ocean's comments, The Eagles legal representative released a statement: "Frank Ocean did not merely 'sample' a portion of the Eagles' 'Hotel California,' he took the whole master track, plus the song's existing melody, and replaced the lyrics with his own. This is not creative, let alone 'intimidating.' It's illegal. For the record, Don Henley has not threatened or instituted any legal action against Frank Ocean, although the Eagles are now considering whether they should." Chris Richards of "The Washington Post" remarked that "certain boomers don't like as much" as "information-age babies" due to the controversy.
On July 28, 2011, a song titled "Thinkin Bout You", leaked on the internet. It was later revealed the song was a reference track, written by Ocean, for Roc Nation artist Bridget Kelly's debut studio album. Kelly renamed the song 'Thinking About Forever'. In September 2011, a music video directed by High5Collective for Ocean's version was released, yet the song still appeared on Kelly's debut EP "Every Girl".
In August 2011, Frank Ocean made his first appearance on the cover of the publication The FADER, in its 75th issue.
2012–present: Studio albums.
Ocean released the cover art for his debut studio album's lead single, titled "Thinkin Bout You", revealing the song would be released to digital retailers on April 10, 2012. However, a month earlier, a re-mastered version of the song had already leaked. About the prospective single he said: "It succinctly defines me as an artist for where I am right now and that was the aim," he said of the follow-up to his acclaimed "Nostalgia, Ultra". "It's about the stories. If I write 14 stories that I love, then the next step is to get the environment of music around it to best envelop the story and all kinds of sonic goodness."
In 2012, Ocean released his debut studio album "Channel Orange" to universal acclaim from critics, who later named it the best album of the year in the HMV's Poll of Polls. It also earned Ocean six Grammy Award nominations and was credited by some writers for moving the R&B genre in a different, more challenging direction. Considered as Ocean's first commercial release on a traditional record label, "Channel Orange" featured unconventional songs that were noted for their storytelling and social commentary, and a dense musical fusion that drew on hip hop, soul, and R&B. The songs about unrequited love in particular received the most attention, partly because of Ocean's announcement prior to the album's release, when he revealed that his first love was a man. The announcement made global headlines, and some critics compared its cultural impact to when David Bowie revealed that he was gay in 1972. Ocean promoted the album with his 2012 Summer Tour, which featured final appearances at the Coachella and Lollapalooza festivals.
In February 2013, Ocean confirmed that he had started work on his second studio album, which he confirmed would be another concept album. He revealed that he was working with Tyler, the Creator, Pharrell Williams, and Danger Mouse on the record. He later stated that he was being influenced by The Beach Boys and The Beatles. He stated he was interested in collaborating with Tame Impala and King Krule and that he would record part of the album in Bora Bora. On May 28, 2013, Ocean announced the You're Not Dead... 2013 Tour; a fourteen-date European and Canadian tour that began on June 16, 2013, in Munich. He had been scheduled to perform at the first night of OVO Fest on August 4, 2013; however he was forced to cancel his appearance due to a small vocal chord injury. The first night of the music festival was subsequently cancelled and James Blake was booked to appear during the second night as Ocean's replacement. Frank Ocean appears on John Mayer's album Paradise Valley, as a featured artist on a song called "Wildfire".
On 10 March 2014, the song "Hero" was made available for free download on SoundCloud. The song is a collaboration with Mick Jones, Paul Simonon and Diplo and is a part of Converse's Three Artists. One Song series. In April 2014, Ocean stated that his second album was nearly finished.
Artistry.
Ocean's music has been characterized by music writers as idiosyncratic in style. Ocean generally plays the electronic keyboard, and is backed by a subdued rhythm section in the production. His compositions are often midtempo, feature unconventional melodies, and they occasionally have an experimental song structure. In his songwriting, Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" observes "open echoes of self-guided, innovative R&B songwriters like Prince, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Maxwell, Erykah Badu and particularly R. Kelly and his way of writing melodies that hover between speech and song, asymmetrical and syncopated." While "nostalgia, ULTRA" featured both original music by Ocean and tracks relying on sampled melodies, "channel ORANGE" showcased Ocean as the primary musical composer, of which music journalist Robert Christgau opines, "when he's the sole composer Ocean resists making a show of himself—resists the dope hook, the smart tempo, the transcendent falsetto itself."
Ocean's lyrics deal with themes of love, longing, misgiving, and nostalgia. His debut single "Novacane" juxtaposes the numbness and artificiality of a sexual relationship with that of mainstream radio, while "Voodoo" merges themes of spirituality and sexuality, and is an eccentric take on such subject matter common in R&B. The latter song was released by Ocean on his Tumblr account and references both the traditional spiritual "He's Got the Whole World in His Hands" and the female anatomy in its chorus: "she's got the whole wide world in her juicy fruit / he's got the whole wide world in his pants / he wrapped the whole wide world in a wedding band / then put the whole wide world on her hands / she's got the whole wide world in her hands / he's got the whole wide world in his hands." Certain songs on "channel ORANGE" allude to Ocean's experience with unrequited love. Culture critic Nelson George asserts that, along with Miguel, Ocean has "staked out ground where is not competing with those hit-driven R&B acts" and is "cultivating a sound that balances adult concerns with a sense of young men trying to understand their own desires (an apt description of Ocean, particularly)."
Ocean describes himself as "a baritone, with tenor moments." Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" calls him a torch singer due to "his feel for romantic tragedy, unfurling in slow-boiling ballads". Ocean's stage presence during live shows is often low-key.
Personal life.
In 2010, he changed his name from Christopher Breaux to Christopher Francis Ocean through a legal website. The change was reportedly partly inspired by the 1960 film "Ocean's 11".
Ocean became one of the first major African-American music artists to announce that he had once fallen in love with someone of the same sex, notable because that music scene is known for homophobia.
Ocean wrote an open letter, initially intended for the liner notes on "Channel Orange", that would preemptively address speculation about his same-sex attraction. Instead, on July 4, 2012, he published an open letter on his Tumblr blog recounting unrequited feelings he had for another young man when he was 19 years old, citing it as his first true love.
Celebrity couple Beyonce and Jay-Z showed support for Ocean following his announcement. 
Members of the hip hop industry generally responded positively to the announcement. Russell Simmons, a business magnate in the hip hop industry, wrote a congratulatory article in "Global Grind" saying "Today is a big day for hip-hop. It is a day that will define who we really are. How compassionate will we be? How loving can we be? How inclusive are we? [...] Your decision to go public about your sexual orientation gives hope and light to so many young people still living in fear." Other artists who expressed their support included Beyoncé and Jay-Z. Tyler, The Creator also tweeted his support for Ocean, along with other members of OFWGKTA.
On December 31, 2012, Ocean was pulled over in Mono County, California for speeding. In a search police officers found a few grams of marijuana. He was cited for possession, driving on a suspended license and having tinted windows.
On March 7, 2014, Chipotle Mexican Grill sued Ocean to receive the money back they paid him in advance for a commercial that Ocean backed out of due to Ocean having a problem with the material in the advertisement.
Controversy.
In January 2013, Ocean got into an altercation with Chris Brown over a parking space, outside a recording studio in West Hollywood. Police officers in Los Angeles said that Chris Brown was under investigation, describing the incident as "battery" due to Brown punching Ocean. Ocean said he would not press charges despite the fact that Brown had threatened to shoot him, and one of Brown's entourage had called him a homophobic slur. Ocean would then criticize Chris Brown in the song "Sunday", from Earl Sweatshirt's album "Doris".
Awards and nominations.
Ocean and his music have received international recognition with many award nominations and wins. As of February 2013, he won two Grammys, a Soul Train and UK Music Award. In addition, he earned accolades from "GQ", "NME", and "Vibe" magazines, as well as the BBC and mtvU.

</doc>
<doc id="31004251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004251" title="Ibtisam al-Mutawakkil">
Ibtisam al-Mutawakkil

Ibtisam al-Mutawakkil is a Yemeni poet. She is best known for her 1998 poetry collection "Shadha al-jamr" ("The Scent of Embers").

</doc>
<doc id="31004252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004252" title="The Jet Age of Tomorrow">
The Jet Age of Tomorrow

The Jet Age of Tomorrow (also known as The Super 3) is an American production duo and group from Atlanta, Georgia that consists of OFWGKTA producer Matt Martians and Hal Williams (also known as Pyramid Vritra). According to Martians, the group's music originated from instrumentals turned down by OFWGKTA's Tyler, The Creator and Hodgy Beats, who liked the tracks Martians sent them, but could not use them in their own music.
A music video for the single "Wonderland" from the group's second album, "The Journey to the 5th Echelon", was released on February 4, 2011.
Aside from being members of The Jet Age of Tomorrow, Matt Martians is also a member of Odd Future group The Internet with fellow OFWGKTA member Syd the Kid. Hal Williams, under the alias Pyramid Vritra, is also a member of his own Atlanta hip hop collective, NRK (Nobody Really Knows).
Hal Williams released his first full-length solo album, "Pyramid", under the alias Pyramid Vritra, on August 7, 2012.
The Jet Age of Tomorrow's third album, JellyFish Mentality, was released on May 24th, 2013 at 3pm EST for free through Odd Future's website.

</doc>
<doc id="31004256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004256" title="Resilitheca">
Resilitheca

Resilitheca is a genus of land plant known from kidney-shaped sporangia. It is known from charcoalified Early Devonian deposits, its type locality being the Brown Clee Hill lagerstätten.

</doc>
<doc id="31004269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004269" title="Sporathylacium">
Sporathylacium

Sporathylacium was a genus of land plant known from its bivalved sporangia. It is known from charcoalified Early Devonian deposits, its type locality being the Brown Clee Hill lagerstätten.

</doc>
<doc id="31004271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004271" title="Agrypnus murinus">
Agrypnus murinus

Agrypnus murinus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Agrypninae.
The dark- brown larvae of this beetle develop in the soil, eating roots, worms and larvae of other insects.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from late April through June in open or mountain areas, low forests or grassland habitats, being sometaime dangerous for crops. 
The whole body is grey-brown with greysh points and is covered with a thick pubescence, while legs and antennae are mainly reddish or dark-brown.

</doc>
<doc id="31004273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004273" title="Sucker Punch (play)">
Sucker Punch (play)

Sucker Punch is a play by the award-winning British playwright Roy Williams. It was first staged in 2010 at the Royal Court Theatre in London. The play was nominated for the Evening Standard Award and the Olivier Award for Best New Play.
Plot.
Set in a run-down London boxing ring in the 1980s, two young black boys, Leon and Troy, are trained by a white trainer, Charlie, who had seen their potential. Troy soon rebels and is ejected from the gym by Charlie; he moves to America where he gains a boxing reputation. Charlie's daughter and Leon begin an affair, but when Charlie discovers this he objects at the idea of his daughter associating with a black man, forcing Leon to choose between training and his daughter. Leon leaves her and attempts to ingratiate himself with the white community to the fury of his family. Later, Troy returns with a fake American accent and a manipulative new manager; he and Leon are forced to fight.
Premiere.
The play, staged in 2010 at the Royal Court's "Jerwood Theatre Downstairs" in London, was directed by Sacha Wares. It received rave reviews with particular attention drawn to the young star Daniel Kaluuya who won both the 2010 Critics Circle and Evening Standard Award for "Outstanding Newcomer". The play also starred Antony Welch, Gary Beadle, Nigel Lindsay, Trevor Laird, Jason Maza and Sarah Ridgeway. The play's set, where the downstairs theatre was converted into a boxing ring, was designed by Miriam Buether who won the Evening Standard Award 2010 for "Best Designer". Leon Baugh's choreography for the play won him the Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer.

</doc>
<doc id="31004284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004284" title="Tsuyoshi Furukawa">
Tsuyoshi Furukawa

Tsuyoshi Furukawa (born September 21, 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31004286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004286" title="932d Air Control Squadron">
932d Air Control Squadron

The 932d Air Control Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 85th Group, Third Air Force, stationed at Keflavik Air Station, Iceland. It was inactivated on 27 June 2006.
From 1952-2006, the unit was a General Surveillance Radar Squadron providing for the air defense of Iceland and the North Atlantic. 
Lineage.
Assignments
Stations

</doc>
<doc id="31004287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004287" title="Bocconotto">
Bocconotto

A bocconotto (or boconotto) is a pastry typical of the Italian regions of Puglia, Abruzzo, and Calabria. It is often eaten at Christmas.
Its filling varies according to the region in which it is produced. In Abruzzo, this filling may contain cocoa powder, cinnamon, and toasted almonds.

</doc>
<doc id="31004318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004318" title="Dutoitea">
Dutoitea

Dutoitia is a genus of Devonian rhyniophyte, named after the renowned South African geologist Alex du Toit. It is one of the earliest plants from Gondwana to colonize land. Its fossils were preserved in fine mudstones of the 400-million-year-old Bokkeveld and Witteberg Groups of South Africa. This erect, gracile plant is less than 10 cm high and very simple in structure. Its diminutive stems (0.1–3.0 mm in diameter), which are devoid of leaflike appendages, branch in two and end in club- or cup-shaped sporangia, occasionally containing its reproductive spores. Stomata (tiny pores) are present in the cuticle of their stems for gas exchange, and primitive cells inside the stems transported water from the roots to the aerial parts of the plant. Three species are recognized, "D. pulchra" Hoeg 1930 (from the Bloukrans River in the Knysna district, Ceres Subgroup, Lower Bokkeveld Group), "D. alfreda" Plumstead 1967 (Port Alfred, Weltevrede Subgroup, Lower Witteberg Group) and "D. maraisia" Plumstead 1967 (Howisons Poort, Witpoort Sandstone, Middle Witteberg Group).

</doc>
<doc id="31004321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004321" title="Eogaspesiea">
Eogaspesiea

Eogaspesiea was a genus of Silu-Devonian rhyniophyte with a tangled mess of branching axes that reached 10 cm in length. These probably emanated from a rhizome. Its (probablyu) alete spores had thin walls.

</doc>
<doc id="31004332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004332" title="2010–11 Slovak Second League">
2010–11 Slovak Second League

The 2010–11 season of Slovak Second League (also known as 2. liga) was the eighteen season of the third-tier football league in Slovakia, since its establishment in 1993. 32 teams were geographically divided into two groups: 2. liga západ and 2. liga východ (Western and Eastern) of 16 teams each. Teams will play only other teams in their own division.<br>
From the next season was this league renamed to Slovak Third Football League (3. liga).
Team changes from 2009–10.
× - withdrew from league
Team changes from 2009–10.
× - withdrew from league
League table.
×-withdrew from league

</doc>
<doc id="31004369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004369" title="C'est ma vie">
C'est ma vie

"C'est ma vie" is a ballad type song by Evelina Sašenko that represented Lithuania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, held in Düsseldorf, Germany, after winning both the televote and jury voting in Eurovizija 2011, the national selection show for Lithuania. The song is sung mostly in English but has some phrases in French too.
At Eurovision.
Lithuania started their Eurovision campaign by performing in starting position 17 in the first semi-final on 10 May 2011. Evelina managed to place 5th with 81 points, earning her a spot in the final on Saturday night. After the close of the first semi, Lithuania drew position 4 in the grand final on May 14, 2011. 
During the finals, some sign language was used as she began to sing the second verse of the song but this was only for a brief time. Despite a strong performance it did not reflect with the votes, only managing 19th place with 63 points. This is however, Lithuania's 3rd best result in the contest to date.

</doc>
<doc id="31004395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004395" title="Cyanea grimesiana">
Cyanea grimesiana

Cyanea grimesiana is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name splitleaf cyanea. It is native to Oahu and Molokai, where it is known from 12 occurrences. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This is generally considered a species complex made up of at least three subtaxa. One, var. "cylindrocalyx" (sometimes treated as a separate species called "C. cylindrocalyx"), is thought to be extinct. The other two are divided into twelve occurrences on two islands, for a total of fewer than 50 plants. The ssp. "grimesiana" was formerly found on Oahu and Molokai, but has not been observed on Molokai since 1991, while ssp. "obatae" is limited to the Waianae Mountains of Oahu. The latter subspecies may only be composed of five individual plants today, and all are located on private, unprotected land.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub which can exceed three meters in height. The stem and herbage are prickly. The tubular flowers are up to 8 centimeters long and may be purple, green, or yellow with reddish stripes. The fruit is an orange berry.

</doc>
<doc id="31004440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004440" title="John Petro">
John Petro

John Petro, called 'The Junkies Friend', was Polish and came to the UK in 1916. During the War he worked as a doctor with Alexander Fleming giving penicillin to the troops. In 1966, having been run down by a car, he was unable to work and soon got into debt, because he was unable to work. He was made bankrupt in 1967. He said he was unable to find premises, so he gave out prescriptions for drugs anywhere. He was thought to be selling prescriptions to addicts. Thus he was called the 'Junkies Friend'.
After pleading guilty at Marylebone Magistrates Court, in February 1968, he was fined £1700, and then in May 1968, he was struck off.
But it was his prescription of Methedrine in injectable form, which was a major 'contribution' to the drugs scene, and which produced an epidemic at the time. When he was stopped prescribing any listed dangerous drug, he began to prescribe Methedrine in greater and greater amounts, as this was not then regulated under the Dangerous Drugs Act. This led finally to him being struck off.

</doc>
<doc id="31004447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004447" title="Bathurstia">
Bathurstia

Bathurstia was a genus of scrambling Silu-Devonian land plant with isotomously-branching axes that grew to heights of 30 cm. It is aligned with the Zosterophylls, and produced "Calamospora"-type spores.

</doc>
<doc id="31004451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004451" title="Muhammad Ali Luqman">
Muhammad Ali Luqman

Muhammad Ali Luqman was a Yemeni lawyer, writer and journalist. He established "Fatat Al Jazeerah", the first independent newspaper in Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="31004454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004454" title="CMT's Next Superstar">
CMT's Next Superstar

"CMT's Next Superstar" is a music competition series specializing in country music. It is launched by American Country Music Television specialty station "CMT" in partnership with producer Nigel Lythgoe and his son, Simon Lythgoe. Nigel Lythgoe already produces the series "American Idol" and "So You Think You Can Dance". 
The 10-episode series premiered in April 2011 on CMT. Each episode will be one hour-long episode. Contestants, mainly undiscovered singer-songwriters in the country genre will compete while living together in Nashville, Tennessee. Celebrity guests will guide them each week. Each week, one finalist will be eliminated and viewers will have the final vote to determine who will win the title. An album of songs by participants is due mid-to-late summer 2011. Also best competitors will take part in the CMT Summer Tour. 
On June 10, 2011, Matt Mason was crowned the first winner of the show and will go on tour that summer.

</doc>
<doc id="31004471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004471" title="Thrinkophyton">
Thrinkophyton

Thrinkophyton was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Thrinkophyton" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004472" title="Gosslingia">
Gosslingia

Gosslingia was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Gosslingia" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004474" title="Serrulacaulis">
Serrulacaulis

Serrulacaulis was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Serrulacaulis" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004475" title="Tarella">
Tarella

Tarella was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Tarella" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004477" title="Oricilla">
Oricilla

Oricilla was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Oricilla" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004480" title="Nothia">
Nothia

Nothia was a genus of Early Devonian vascular plants whose fossils were found in the Rhynie chert in Scotland. It had branching horizontal underground stems (rhizomes) and leafless aerial stems (axes) bearing lateral and terminal spore-forming organs (sporangia). Its aerial stems were covered with small 'bumps' (emergences), each bearing a stoma. It is one of the best described early land plants. Its classification remains uncertain, although it has been treated as a zosterophyll. There is one species, "N. aphylla".
History of discovery.
Fossilized remains, including bare stems (axes) and detached spore-forming organs (sporangia), were first described by Kidston and Lang in 1920 from the Rhynie chert of Aberdeenshire, Scotland – rocks which are of Pragian age (). The fragments were considered to be parts of "Asteroxylon mackiei". In 1964 Lyon described sporangia belonging to "Asteroxylon mackiei" and suggested that Kidston and Lang's specimens were a new species which he called "Nothia aphylla". The first full description based on further specimens was published in 1979. A very detailed description was published in 2001, making this species one of the best-known early polysporangiophytes.
Description.
The sporophyte of "Nothia aphylla" consisted of thin underground and aerial stems (axes). The underground stems or rhizomes were up to 2 mm in diameter and branched laterally. The underside of the rhizomes had a longitudinal ridge from which unicellular rhizoids emerged. There were no true roots. At intervals the rhizomes turned upwards to emerge as upright stems. Around the region of the upwards bend, horizontal branches appeared at right angles to continue the growth of the rhizomes. The upright stems were generally less than 2.5 mm in diameter; a reconstruction suggests a height of around 20 cm. Aerial stems branched dichotomously in a three-dimensional pattern, with the last two sets of branches bearing sporangia. The sporangia were attached by short stalks at the end and along the sides of the stem, in a more-or-less spiral fashion. The stalks curved upwards so that the sporangia were roughly upright. Spores were released through a longitudinal slit which appeared at the apex of the sporangia. The spores were trilete and around 65 µm in diameter.
Both the horizontal rhizomes and the vertical stems had vascular tissue which formed a central core (protostele), and is described as having centrarch development. The precise structure of the vascular core varied between the rhizomes and the aerial stems.
Although "Nothia aphylla" was leafless, its aerial stems were covered with 'emergences': bumps on the stems which were oval, around 0.3 mm high and 0.7 to 1.2 mm long by up to 0.5 mm wide. The emergences were formed by existing cells expanding, not by extra cells being produced as in other Early Devonian zosterophylls and trimerophytes. Each emergence had a single stoma. The density of the emergences varied so that in regions which had them there were between 3 and 5 or more stomata per mm2. The sporangia did not have emergences, although there were a few stomata.
Kerp et al. suggest that "Nothia aphylla" was a geophyte which inhabited sandy soils and had a clonal life-style. The underground rhizomes persisted from year to year, continually spreading via lateral branches. The aerial stems appeared annually. They base this analysis on a number features, including evidence that the rhizomes were subterranean, and that rhizomes were still living when erect stems had decayed.
The plant described as "Kidstonophyton discoides" is possibly the male gametophyte of "Nothia aphylla".
Taxonomy.
The genus and species were first named by Lyon in 1964. However, "Nothia aphylla" has been regarded as a "nomen nudum" since no description was published along with the name. Validation of the name has been variously considered to have been by Høeg in 1967, making the botanical authority "Lyon ex Høeg", or by El-Saadawy and Lacy in 1979, making the authority "Lyon ex El-Saadawy & Lacy".
"Nothia" has been placed in the group initially established by Banks as the subdivision Zosterophyllophytina or the class Zosterophyllopsida. El-Saadawy and Lacy regard the plant as having affinities with both the rhyniophytes and the zosterophylls. As discussed further below, Kerp et al. regard its taxonomic placement as unclear.
Phylogeny.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Nothia" in a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).
A detailed study of "Nothia aphylla" questions this positioning of the genus, concluding that its taxonomic placement remains unclear, and that the cladistic analyses of Kenrick and Crane (on which the above cladogram is based) have ignored "fundamental differences" between different kinds of emergences (protrusions from stems). Features of the vascular tissue of typical zosterophylls, such as characteristic thickenings of the cells which conduct water, are also absent in "Nothia". Earlier, El Saadawy and Lacey had concluded that "Nothia" was in some ways intermediate between the rhyniophytes and the zosterophylls.

</doc>
<doc id="31004481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004481" title="Konioria">
Konioria

Konioria was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Konioria" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004482" title="Deheubarthia">
Deheubarthia

Deheubarthia was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Deheubarthia" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004501" title="Barinophyton">
Barinophyton

Barinophyton was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Barinophyton" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004506" title="Protobarinophyton">
Protobarinophyton

Protobarinophyton was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Protobarinophyton" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004509" title="Anisophyton">
Anisophyton

Anisophyton was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places "Anisophyton" in the core of a paraphyletic stem group of broadly defined "zosterophylls", basal to the lycopsids (living and extinct clubmosses and relatives).

</doc>
<doc id="31004516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004516" title="Gorenja Dobrava, Trebnje">
Gorenja Dobrava, Trebnje

Gorenja Dobrava is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. It lies east of Trebnje, on a road leading north from Dolenja Nemška Vas. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.

</doc>
<doc id="31004521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004521" title="14 Sagittarii">
14 Sagittarii

14 Sagittarii (14 Sgr) is a K-type main sequence variable star in Sagittarius. 

</doc>
<doc id="31004522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004522" title="Fanny Gordon">
Fanny Gordon

Fanny Gordon (also known as Faiga Jofé, Fayge Yoffe or Fayge Yofe; 1914 in Yalta – 1991 in Leningrad) was the only female "laykhte-muzik" ("light" i.e. pop music) composer in pre-war Poland.
Life and career.
Gordon was born in 1914 in Yalta. After the Bolshevik Revolution her family emigrated to Poland. Faiga wrote poetry and composed songs for Warsaw cabarets and music theatres.
One of Gordon's most famous songs, written in 1929, was "Przy samowarze" ("By the Samovar"), performed by Zula Pogorzelska and Tadeusz Olsza at the "Morskie Oko" revue theatre. Andrzej Włast wrote the lyrics and the song became an international hit, recorded by German and American dance bands. Later a record company asked her to write Russian words to the melody, and the result was «У самовара».
Her other hits included the tango "Skrwawione serce" ("My Bleeding Heart") sung by Polish "queen of tango" Stanislawa Nowicka, the foxtrot "Abdul Bej" based on oriental motifs, sung by Tadeusz Faliszewski and Albert Harris, and "Siemieczki", called "The Polish Bublitshki". Her tango "Nietoperze" ("The Bats"), with lyrics about those who hunt for love at night written by Szer-Szeń (pen-name of the prominent Polish poet, Jan Brzechwa). Her "Bal u starego Joska" ("Party at the Old Josel's"), also known as "Bal na Gnojnej" ("Party At the Dung Lane"), lyrics by Andrzej Włast, was intended as a send-up of Warsaw "apasz" (underworld) ballads and became so famous it is now often cited as the first Warsaw underworld folksong. After the war the song was often performed by Stanisław Grzesiuk. In 1933, she wrote the operetta "Jacht miłości" ("Yacht of Love") with a hit, the tango "Indie" (also performed in the Netherlands and the United States as "New York Baby").
Before World War II Gordon lived alternately in Warsaw and the USA. She was trapped in Warsaw at the outbreak of the war but escaped to Wilno and eventually to Leningrad, where she continued to compose under the names Fania Markovna Kviatkovskaya and Fania Kwiatkowski (Polish: Fania Kwiatkowska). She died in Leningrad in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31004523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004523" title="Georg Knöpfle">
Georg Knöpfle

Georg "Schorsch" Knöpfle (15 May 1904 – 14 December 1987) was a German football player and coach. As a player he received 23 international caps and was part of the German squad at the 1928 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31004528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004528" title="Veintiquatro">
Veintiquatro

A 'Veinticuatro' (meaning Twenty-four) or 'Caballero Veintiquatro' (Knight/Gentleman Veintiquatro) was an official in several Andalusian cities in pre-modern Spain, notably Úbeda, Baeza, Jaén, Córdoba, Seville, Jerez de la Frontera and Granada. The office or post itself was referred to as a "veintiquatría". It was largely equivalent to the role of an Alderman, or Councilor, in English local government. It was an office reserved exclusively to those of noble birth- (Hidalgos, of which there were many in Spain), though, like many official positions, the post could be bought and sold among Hidalgos. Many of the Conquistadors, and the merchants who established the Spanish Empire in America, (for example, the immensely rich Diego Caballero, were "Caballeros Veintiquatro", or bought the post to display the new position in Spanish society the wealth gained in the Americas had allowed them to achieve.
The "Veintiquatro" name apparently derived from the original number (24) of members of a town council, but this varied with time and from town to town. They had immense privileges their duties were many and various, from deciding and collecting local taxes, to regulating and inspecting markets and shipping and including the relief of poverty and inspecting prisons.

</doc>
<doc id="31004542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004542" title="Dance Films Association">
Dance Films Association

The Dance Films Association is a non-profit organization founded by Susan Braun in 1956; Jose Limon, Ted Shawn and Alicia Markova were charter members. Its stated purpose is, "Dedicated to furthering the art of dance film.". 
DFA has held a film festival every year since 1971, which has been co-sponsored by the Film Society of Lincoln Center since 1996. It also arranges tours of dance films; in 2010 over forty venues were booked, from New York — the Museum of Modern Art — to Bialystok, Havana, Manipur and Istanbul. 
The current executive director is Christy Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="31004565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004565" title="Titane Laurent">
Titane Laurent

Titane Laurent (born 17 September 1964) is a New Zealand painter and cartoonist, notable for her comic strip "God's Stuff".
Information.
Born in Morocco, Laurent grew up in Belgium, lived in Luxembourg and is a New Zealand citizen and a permanent resident of Australia. She now lives in Port Louis, Mauritius with her husband and two children. She studied watercolor in Luxembourg, drawing and painting in Belgium and completed her Diploma of Illustration and Cartooning in New Zealand with distinctions. Since 1998, she has been illustrating the Bible.
Paintings.
As a fine artist, she has exhibited her paintings in America, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Japan, Luxembourg, Mauritius and New Zealand. She is represented by the Saatchi Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="31004567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004567" title="Ali Shukriu">
Ali Shukriu

Ali Shukriu (Serbian: Али Шукрија, "Ali Šukrija") was a political figure of Kosovo, during its period as an autonomous province of Yugoslavia. He served as Prime Minister of Kosovo (1963–1967), and later as President of Kosovo (1981–1982).
Early life.
Ali Shukrija was born in Kosovska Mitrovica and studied medicine at the University of Belgrade before World War II. He joined the communist movement in 1939, was arrested in 1941, but was then able to join the partisans. after the war, he studied at the
Djuro Djakovic high political school of Belgrade and was public prosecutor in Kosovo in 1945.
Political career.
Shukrija subsequently became Serb minister of the interior and in 1950 was a member of the Serb parliament. In his later political career, Ali Shukrija was vice chairman of the executive council of Kosovo, and from 1963 to May 1967 succeeded Fadil Hoxha as chairman, becoming virtual prime minister of Kosovo. Following the purge of Xhavid Nimani in August 1981, he also served briefly, until 1982, as president of the presidium. Ali Shukrija is remembered as a particularly pro-Yugoslav politician who served Belgrade loyally in the face of a rising Albanian
nationalist movement. In 1989 he resigned from Kosovo's political structures during the miners' strike.
Later life.
He lived the rest of his life in retirement in Belgrade until his death in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31004619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004619" title="Reactor Experiment for Neutrino Oscillation">
Reactor Experiment for Neutrino Oscillation

RENO (Reactor Experiment for Neutrino Oscillations) is a short baseline reactor neutrino oscillation experiment in South Korea. The experiment was designed to either measure or set a limit on θ13, a neutrino oscillation parameter responsible for changing electron neutrinos into other neutrinos. RENO has two identical detectors, placed at distances of 294 m and 1383 m, that observe neutrinos produced by six reactors at the Hanbit Nuclear Power Plant (the old name : the Yeonggwang Nuclear Power Plant) in Korea.
On 2012 April 3, with some corrections on April 8, the RENO collaboration announced a 4.9σ observation of "θ"13 ≠ 0, with
This measurement confirmed a similar result announced by the Daya Bay Experiment three weeks before and is consistent with earlier, but less significant results by T2K, MINOS and Double Chooz. 
RENO released updated results in December 2012:

</doc>
<doc id="31004621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004621" title="Yes Sir, That's My Baby (film)">
Yes Sir, That's My Baby (film)

"Yes Sir, That's My Baby" is a 1949 American film starring Donald O'Connor and Gloria DeHaven.
The film is noted for O'Connor's dance "They Haven't Figured Out a Woman" that he does at the laundro-mat. O'Connor and DeHaven had been friends as children and this was the first of two films they were in together, the other being Out to Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="31004634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004634" title="933d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron">
933d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron

The 933d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to Air Forces Iceland, stationed at Hofn Air Station, Iceland (H-3). It was inactivated on 30 June 1960.
From 1955-1960, the unit was a General Surveillance Radar Squadron providing for the air defense of Iceland and the North Atlantic. 
Lineage.
Assignments
Stations

</doc>
<doc id="31004667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004667" title="Streptomyces albus">
Streptomyces albus

Streptomyces albus is a bacterial species from which the pseudodisaccharide aminoglycoside salbostatin was isolated.

</doc>
<doc id="31004685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004685" title="Whorrey Potter and the Sorcerer's Balls">
Whorrey Potter and the Sorcerer's Balls

"Whorrey Potter and the Sorcerer's Balls" is a gay pornographic film produced by Dominic Ford. The film is a parody of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" and was released in 3D technology, being considered by some the most innovative product of the new technology since "Avatar." The film was nominated for twelve Grabby Awards, "Best Videography", "Best Screenplay", "Best Director", "Best Solo" (Luke Marcum), and "Best Supporting Actor" (Matthew Rush).

</doc>
<doc id="31004689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004689" title="Combat of Stockerau">
Combat of Stockerau

The Combat of Stockerau was a minor rearguard cavalry skirmish fought by elements of the cavalry of Austrian VI Korps of the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee Hauptarmee" under Ludwig von Wallmoden-Gimborn against a single Hessian Guard Chevauleger regiment, under the command of French General Jacob François Marulaz. The combat ended in favour of the Austrians.
Context and battle.
Following the French victory at the battle of Wagram two days before, the French IV Corps of the "Grande Armée d'Allemagne", under Marshal André Masséna was pursuing Johann von Klenau's VI Korps of the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee Hauptarmee". After a successful skirmish at Korneuburg on 7 July, Masséna was aware that the enemy was retreating towards Bohemia and continued his pursuit in that direction. Leading Masséna's Corps cavalry was General Marulaz, who led the way, at the head of the Hessian "Garde-Chevauleger" regiment, a total of three squadrons, with a complement of 150 men. 
Arriving with these men at Stockerau, around 43 kilometers from Vienna, on 8 July, Marulaz was attacked by the Austrian hussars of Austrian VI Korps. At the battle of Wagram, Wallmoden's command included around 1,365 cavalrymen from the 7th "Liechtenstein" (8 squadrons, 712 men) and 8th "Kienmayer" Hussars (8 squadrons 563 men), but it is unclear how many of these men Wallmoden actually engaged at Stockerau. It is certain, however, that, following a brief series of cavalry engagements, the troops of Marulaz were broken, dispersed and the regiment was almost destroyed.
French military historian Alain Pigeard qualifies the cavalry combat at Stockerau as a "bloody setback" for the French under Marulaz.

</doc>
<doc id="31004706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004706" title="Gorenja Nemška Vas">
Gorenja Nemška Vas

Gorenja Nemška Vas () is a settlement in the of Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
A Roman period burial ground has been identified near the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="31004725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004725" title="DIPEx Charity">
DIPEx Charity

DIPEx (Database of Individual Patient Experiences) is an Oxford, England-based health charity that works closely with the Health Experiences Research Group at University of Oxford to disseminate research into personal experiences of health and illness. The charity publishes two websites called Healthtalkonline and Youthhealthtalk. The websites feature clips of people talking about their experiences of living with a range of health conditions and are aimed at patients, their carers, family and friends, doctors, nurses and other health professionals.
History.
DIPEx was established in 2001 by GP Dr Ann McPherson CBE and Dr Andrew Herxheimer after their own experiences of illness. Ann had been diagnosed with breast cancer and although she knew all the medical information, couldn't find anyone else to talk to about the personal and emotional side of having the disease. This, and Herxheimer's experience of knee replacement surgery, prompted them to come up with the idea of a patient experience website. A small group of people from various backgrounds were asked to join a Steering Group and after many meetings around McPherson's kitchen table, the idea came into being with the help of Lion New Media (part of Lion Television).
Methods.
The interviews featured on the websites are carried out by Oxford's Health Experiences Research Group through in-depth qualitative research into over 70 different illnesses and health conditions. The research group was rated the highest performing primary care department in the country in the last research assessment exercise.
Awards and accreditation.
DIPEx has won six "Commended"s and two "Highly Commended"s from the British Medical Association Patient Information Awards between 2004 and 2009. In 2009 they won "Third Sector Organisation of The Year" from the HealthInvestor Awards. DIPEx has been rated among the top ten online health resources by The Guardian Newspaper in 2004 and one of five health websites included in The Times newspaper's 'Top 50 websites you can't live without' in 2013. Both Youthhealthtalk and Healthtalkonline are approved by the Department of Health's Information Standard scheme. In May 2011, McPherson won the "British Medical Journal"'s Health Communicator of the Year Award.
Supporters.
Patrons of the charity include Jon Snow, Hugh Grant, Professor Sir David Weatherall and Lord Turnberg. Several well-known figures have supported the charity or contributed video introductions for the websites including Philip Pullman, Clive Anderson, Thom Yorke, Melvyn Bragg, Dawn French and Michael Palin.

</doc>
<doc id="31004731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004731" title="Debate Mate">
Debate Mate

Debate Mate is an educational charity based in London that teaches debating in inner-city schools across the UK in areas of high child poverty. Debating is used to develop confidence and communication skills in young people with the aim of improving social mobility. It also runs programmes overseas in Nepal, Israel/Palestine, Jamaica, Rwanda, Zambia, Dubai and the USA.
Work.
Debate Mate was founded in October 2007 and works with young people attending challenging inner-city schools in areas of high child poverty. They send top university students into these schools to establish and run after-school debate clubs, delivering dynamic and cost-effective peer-to-peer mentoring. Participants develop key 21st century core skills crucial to addressing disadvantages and increasing social mobility, namely communication, teamwork and leadership skills. The lack of these skills amongst children from disadvantaged backgrounds is holding them back, stifling social mobility. Through debating, Debate Mate empowers and inspires participants, developing confidence and self-esteem and instilling belief in their abilities and what they can achieve. 
Debate Mate also run bespoke workshops for teachers looking to integrate debating into their classroom, and specialised training for students who want to “debate like a world champion”.
Data collected shows that on average, by participating in the Debate Mate programme, students improve by nearly 2 levels on the National Curriculum English Speaking and Listening scale over the duration of the program, which is over three times the expected increase for students in a year.
History.
Debate Mate was founded in 2007 by Margaret McCabe, who has over twenty years’ experience as a commercial barrister combined with two decades in the voluntary sector including Centre Point, NSPCC Justice for Children programme and as an advisor to Human Rights Watch.
Debate Mate Core Programme.
The core programme consists of a 15 week after-school debating programme led by top university students in over 350 schools across the UK (in London, Birmingham, Manchester and Bristol). <br>
Programme structure:
The 2013-2014 core programme was the biggest in Debate Mate’s seven year history. 
The programme is being received positively with teachers quoted as saying:
Debate Mate’s extensive evaluations concluded that: 
Debate Mate Plus Programme.
Debate Mate Plus is part of the Onward Learning Programme. This programme: 
Furthermore, this extended version of the core programme helps the participating students with university applications; they receive help with personal statements and receive one-on-one interview practices.
Partners.
Debate Mate works with and is supported by an extensive network of organisations and individuals. 
Partners include: 
Private
Corporate
Trusts and foundations
Debate Mate International.
The programme is founded with a similar goal with that of its Core Programme in the United Kingdom, working with a range of age groups, aiming to promote social mobility through debate, in areas where it is needed most.
In the summer of 2012, Debate Mate also ran programmes in Zambia, Rwanda and Hong Kong.
Alumni Successes.
Debate Mate's previous students have had many successes during the charities 7 years of activity. Notable successes are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="31004745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004745" title="Johan Peter Bull">
Johan Peter Bull

Johan Peter Bull (1883 – 1960) was a Norwegian theatre worker. He was appointed at the National Theatre of Norway from 1909 to 1950 in various administrative positions, including secretary and stage director. He was the brother of literary historian Francis Bull, and politician Edvard Bull. He founded a Theatre Museum in Oslo, and was an Honorary member of the Norwegian Actors' Equity Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="31004756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004756" title="International Towing and Recovery Hall of Fame and Museum">
International Towing and Recovery Hall of Fame and Museum

The International Towing & Recovery Hall Of Fame and Museum features restored antique wreckers and equipment from the tow truck industry. The museum also displays related toys, tools, equipment, and pictorial histories.
The first tow truck was created about 3.5 miles (6 km) away from the museum at the Ernest Holmes Company in Chattanooga, TN. The collection of tow trucks at the museum ranges from the early days of the automobile and includes miscellaneous antique toys and memorabilia.
The International Towing and Recovery Museum was dedicated in the fall of 1995 and is a non-profit organization.

</doc>
<doc id="31004775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004775" title="List of Presidents of the State Council of Prussia">
List of Presidents of the State Council of Prussia

Presidents of the Prussian State Council
Presidents of the Prussian State Council (Kingdom of Prussia).
The presidents of the royal Prussian State Council were the heads of the government.
Presidents of the Prussian State Council (Free State of Prussia).
The presidents of the republican Prussian State Council were the head of the second chamber of the state parliament, staffed by representatives of the provinces of Prussia. On 18 May 1933 the state council ceded its participation in legislation to the Nazi Reich's government by voting for the Prussian empowerment Act. On 8 July 1933 the new Law on the State Council abolished it as an elected body and converted into a council of Nazi party favorites chosen by Göring's state government.

</doc>
<doc id="31004778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004778" title="Swedish Sports Organization for the Disabled and Swedish Paralympic Committee">
Swedish Sports Organization for the Disabled and Swedish Paralympic Committee

The Swedish Sports Organization for the Disabled and Swedish Paralympic Committee (SHIF/SPK) (sv: "Svenska Handikappidrottsförbundet och Sveriges Paralympiska Kommitté (SHIF/SPK)") is the umbrella organization for disability sports in Sweden. 
It is the National Paralympic Committee in Sweden for the Paralympic Games movement. It's a non-profit organisation that selects teams, and raises funds to send Swedish competitors to Paralympic events organised by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC).
The organisation was founded in 1969, and became a member of the Swedish Sports Confederation.

</doc>
<doc id="31004792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004792" title="Latent Anxiety">
Latent Anxiety

Latent Anxiety is an American electronic alternative rock solo music project with crossover abilities from Los Angeles, California, United States founded in 2001 by the music producer, songwriter and musician Ilja Rosendahl (vocals, guitars, bass) who is also known as a film producer and actor.
History.
Naming.
As to the music project's name Ilja states: “There are two reasons why I chose Latent Anxiety as the name for my music project: Firstly, the initials correspond to the city of Los Angeles where the project was founded in 2001. And secondly, most of my lyrics deal with problems in modern society, such as the growing worry about the future, which is also expressed in the naming of the Latent Anxiety albums.”
Style and Influences.
In a 2009 interview the "Grave Concerns Ezine" says: “Ilja Rosendahl creates his own unique style of industrial and gothic music. He reaches further and deeper electronically with his haunting vocals and artistic melodies. His videos are rich with imagination and full of deeper meanings.”
Ilja describes the musical style of Latent Anxiety as:
“...a crossover of dark wave, industrial and gothic themes with infusions of rock, pop and dance, which has been classified as "Electronic Alternative Rock (EAR)", an intention to define own boundaries and to reach out for a broader range of listeners. Latent Anxiety's musical style has been and is still being developed and I think that with every new album I'm getting closer to the essence of what I would like to present...Some of my music was inspired by movies or books. With "Galley" I tried to translate the visual impression of the movie "300" into music, "Psycho Discrace" was triggered by the movie Silence of the Lambs and "Red Death" is derived from a short story by Edgar Allan Poe...They (the songs) deal with life experiences and impressions in combination with fantasy, imagination or historical events.” “People say that Latent Anxiety has an innovative and sometimes experimental approach. I think it’s a fusion of different styles, hence Electronic Alternative Rock (EAR)...The concept of Latent Anxiety is to combine hard drums with edgy guitars, melodic synths and dark vocals.”
Latent Anxiety songs were compared to other musical groups by the "Music Street Journal" stating “This has that Kraftwerk meets Rammstein approach.” and "This is a hard-edged jam that's really almost like a techno version of Judas Priest.”
The "Sonic Seducer Magazine" sees a blend of influences from Europop to Dark Wave and Industrial Music.
AllMusic draws similarities to Roxy Music, Rob Zombie, David Bowie, Thomas Dolby, Ministry, Einstuerzende Neubauten and Nine Inch Nails.
Other Collaborations.
Ilja also collaborated with vocals and guitars on the "Mortal Loom" album "This Vastness".

</doc>
<doc id="31004793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004793" title="Gillis Coignet">
Gillis Coignet

Gillis Coignet, Congnet or Quiniet (ca. 1542–1599) was a Flemish Renaissance painter, who was strongly influenced by the Italian style. He painted historical and mythological subjects of an easel size, but was more successful in landscapes, in candlelight subjects, and moonlight.
Biography.
Antwerp.
Gillis was born in Antwerp, the son of Gillis sr., a scientific instrument maker, and Brigitta Anthonis. In the certification book of the city of Antwerp of 1579 he claimed to be 37 years old, in that of 1586 he claimed to be 43, thus he was born ca. 1542 and, if his statements are correct, he was born between April and September of that year. He had the misfortune to be born with a large hairy mole in his face, hence his nickname "Gillis met de Vlek" (Gillis with the Spot). According to the Guildbooks of the Guild of St. Luke, Gillis was apprenticed to Lambrecht Wenslyns. Van Mander's claim that he stayed with the art dealer Anthony Palerme for some time is correct. The latter testified in 1586 that Gillis had been boarding with him when his parents were still alive (i.e. before 1562). In 1561 Gillis was admitted to the Guild of St. Luke as a Master.
Italy.
In the second half of the 1560s he journeyed through Italy, where he visited inter al. Florence, Rome, Naples and Sicily. According to the Florentine "Accademio del Disegno", Giulio Cognietta fiamingo P(ictor) was present at their meeting of 16 January 1568. In Terni (Umbria) he worked with a painter called Stello on frescoes and an altar in fresco style. According to Van Mander, Stello was Flemish, Nicole Dacos identifies this Stello as a member of the family of painters Stellaert from Mechelen. Both painters are mentioned in a document as members of a group of decorators who embellished the salon of the Villa d'Este under the supervision of Frederico Zuccaro, they also worked on an embossed grotesque in the Palazzo Giocosi. Apparently Gillis also worked for Francesco de' Medici.
Return to Antwerp.
After 1570 he returned to Antwerp where he employed a number of apprentices. In July 1571 the painter Willem vanden Bosch wrote to the Duke of Alba that Gillis would like to enter the service of the Duke.
Gillis was married to Magdalena de Kempeneer, but it is uncertain whether he married her before or after his Italian journey. They had only one child Juliana (?- about 1616).
At the end of the 1570s they lived in the house "De hove van de Jonge Voetboog", which belonged to the Guild of St-Joris (St. George). In March 1580 he and his wife bought the lifelong usufruct of the house for 750 guilders on the condition that the Guild members could use the bowling green at any time. The house stood in the Schuttershofstraat and had a rent value of 40 guilders.
For the monthly quotisation, a special tax levied to pay for defence against the Spaniards, Gillis Coignet's family was taxed at 2 guilders 10 stivers indicating that Gillis enjoyed affluent circumstances. At that time Gillis was considered to be a Martinist (i.e. a Lutheran).
In 1581 Gillis became a member of the "Armenbus" of the Guild of St. Luke. The "Armenbus" was founded in 1538, following the example of other trades, and was formed to support the members who by sickness or accident were unable to support their families or whose relatives were too poor to pay for the burial service. After joining the Armenbus there was a waiting period before the benefits could be enjoyed. The "Armenbus" was chaired by two 'busmeesters', in the first year one was 'medebusmeester' (deputy chairman) and in the succeeding year became 'hoofdbusmeester' (chairman). In 1582, one year after joining the Armenbus Gillis became "mede-busmeester", in the following year he became "hoofdbusmeester" with Philip Galle, the engraver, as "medebusmeester". This same year Gillis seems to have persuaded a number of his relatives to become members of the Armenbus, including his brothers the physician Jacob and the mathematician Michiel together with their wives.
In 1584 Gillis became Dean of the Guild of St. Luke, a post he would continue to perform during and shortly after the siege by the Spaniards. It therefore can be no surprise that doubts about his religion and his behaviour were raised after the Reconciliation. In 1586, however, Anthony Palerme and Jan van de Kerckhove testified that Gillis had behaved himself "with all modesty and peacefulness". Gillis also testified on behalf of other Guild members, e.g. he testified together with Philip Galle and Gerard de Jode that Marten van Valckenborch and his son-in-law Henrick van Steenwijck were citizens of the town.
It appears that Gillis had no intention to leave the city at that time. He paid his dues to the Guild for 1585-86, and on 3 October 1585 he and Philips Galle, the new Dean, examined the accounts of the Guild. Apparently some difficulties arose, a dispute occurred and a conciliatory meeting with the elders (= previous deans) was held on 26 October 1585. His last appearance in the Guildbooks dates back to Ascension Day 1586, when it became apparent that the accounts he and Ambrosius Vrancken had drawn up did not balance.
In the Spring of 1586 Gillis sold the usufruct of the house to Hendrik Jennen. A note from Philip Galle, written after 4 September 1586, makes clear that Gillis had left town.
Amsterdam.
Gillis went to Amsterdam, where he became a citizen in 1589. According to van Mander he was a successful painter in Amsterdam, and influenced the art scene in that city considerably. Van Mander also asserts that it was Gillis Coignet who persuaded Hans Vredeman de Vries to come to Amsterdam.
On 6 April 1588 he was a representative for the Lutheran community of Amsterdam. On 15 March 1590 he had a dispute with the Calvinist painter Adriaan Conflans. It is not clear whether their religious beliefs had anything to do with this dispute, but it is not impossible as the relations between Lutherans and Calvinists in the Amsterdam at that time were very bad indeed.
Hamburg.
About 1593-94 Gillis went to Hamburg, "because of his religion or something else" according to van Mander, and he is last mentioned in Amsterdam on 21 January 1593, when he was a witness at a baptism. His painting "Lottery on the Rusland", painted in Amsterdam, is dated May 1593, while "The Last Supper" was painted in Hamburg dated 1595. Gillis died in Hamburg on 27 October 1599 and was buried in the Jacobskirche.
His daughter Juliana married Philips van der Veken; she died before or during 1616. Her husband tried, as the executor of her will, to recover the money which her father had lent to the city of Antwerp.
Paintings.
Gillis' paintings betray the influence of the Venetian school and more in particular that of Titian and Tintoretto. The quick dashes and the diversity of the tonality reminds one of the later work of Titian. This is very clear in the painting "Venus and Amor" (1579). His "Portrait of Pierson de la Hues" demonstrates very good observational skills. According to Van Mander Gillis Coignet painted many night scenes, in which he employed goldleaf to highlight torches and candles. This is illustrated by "Lottery on the Rusland" (1593) which is ascribed to Gillis Coignet.
His Lutheran conviction also shows in his paintings, for instance in his "Last Judgment". Figures which are usual in such paintings, such as Maria and St. John are omitted and replaced by allegorical figures such as "Pax with the Lamb and Justice", with the Mosaic Law. To the left of this large painting one can find a depiction of the mortal sins, while to the right one finds the donor surrounded by the works of charity.
Many of his paintings however are only known to us through engravings made by his contemporaries like R. and J. Sadeler, P. de Jode and P. Galle. It is also necessary to mention that, according to Van Mander, he sold copies made by his pupils under his own name.

</doc>
<doc id="31004802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004802" title="Cessna 188 Pacific rescue">
Cessna 188 Pacific rescue

On 22 December 1978, a small Cessna 188 aircraft, piloted by Jay Prochnow, became lost over the Pacific Ocean. The only other aircraft in the area that was able to assist was a commercial Air New Zealand flight. After several hours of searching, the crew of the Air New Zealand flight located the lost Cessna and led it to Norfolk Island, where the plane landed safely.
The incident.
Jay Prochnow, a retired US Navy pilot, was delivering a Cessna 188 from the USA to Australia. Prochnow had a colleague who was flying another Cessna 188 alongside him. The long trip would be completed in four stages. On the morning of 20 December, both pilots took off from Pago Pago. His colleague crashed on take off, but was unharmed. Prochnow landed and set out the following day to Norfolk Island. 
When Prochnow arrived at the region where he believed Norfolk Island was, he was unable to see the Island. He informed Auckland Air Traffic Control (AATC), but at this point there was no immediate danger. He continued searching; after locating more homing beacons from other islands, he realised his automatic direction finder had malfunctioned and he was now lost somewhere over the Pacific Ocean. He alerted AATC and declared an emergency. 
There was only one plane in the vicinity, Air New Zealand Flight 103, a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 travelling from Fiji to Auckland. The flight had 88 passengers on board. The captain was Gordon Vette, the first officer was Arthur Dovey, and the flight engineer was Gordon Brooks. Vette knew that if they did not try and help, Prochnow would almost certainly die. Vette was a navigator, and at the time of the incident he still held his licence. Furthermore, another passenger, Malcome Fortsyth, was also a navigator; when he heard about the situation he volunteered to help. As the DC-10 did not have an onboard radar, the crew had to come up with creative ways to find the lost Cessna. By this time, Prochnow had crossed the international date line, and the date was now 22 December. 
Vette was able to use the setting sun to gain an approximate position of the Cessna. Then contact was established over a VHF radio which had a range of 200 nautical miles. It was hoped the DC-10 would be making a vapour trail to make it more visible. After contacting Auckland it was determined that weather conditions were not suitable for a trail. Brooks knew that by dumping fuel they could produce a vapour trail. As the search was getting more and more desperate, they decided to try it. Prochnow did not see the trail, and it was starting to get dark. Vette wanted all the passengers to be involved, so he asked them to look out of the windows and invited small groups to come to the cockpit. 
As it got darker and darker, Prochnow considered ditching, but Vette did not want to give up. The crew of the DC-10 were able to use the exact moment of sunset to get a better fix on Prochnow's position. They also used a technique known as "aural boxing" to try to pinpoint the small plane; this took over an hour to complete. Once it had been done, they had a much better approximation of Prochnow's position. The DC-10 used its strobe lights to try to make itself more visible to the Cessna. It took some time, but eventually Prochnow reported seeing light. However, this was not the DC-10, it was an oil rig, and Prochnow went towards it. This was identified as "Penrod", which was being towed from New Zealand to Singapore. This gave Prochnow’s exact position. After some confusion about the exact position of the "Penrod", it was finally established that the estimates of the crew of the DC-10 were very accurate. Furthermore, Prochnow was probably able to make it to Norfolk Island with his remaining fuel. He touched down on Norfolk Island after being in the air for twenty-three hours and five minutes.
Events following the incident.
McDonnell Douglas awarded the crew a certificate of commendation for "the highest standards of compassion, judgment and airmanship." 
Gordon Brooks was killed when the DC-10 operated Air New Zealand Flight 901 that he was flight engineer on crashed into Mount Erebus, Antarctica, on 28 November 1979.
Vette published a book about the Flight 901 disaster, called "Impact Erebus".
As of December 2013, Air New Zealand Flight 103 now operates from Auckland to Sydney using Boeing 777-200ER aircraft.
Movie - "Mercy Mission, the Rescue of Flight 771".
The incident was dramatised in the American 1993 made-for-TV movie "Mercy Mission - the Rescue of Flight 771". It starred Scott Bakula as Jay and Robert Loggia as Gordon Vette. Major differences between the movie and actual events include: 
References.
"Emergency; Crisis in the Cockpit", Stanley Stewart, pp 1–25

</doc>
<doc id="31004806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004806" title="934th Air Control Squadron">
934th Air Control Squadron

The 934th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the Air Forces Iceland, stationed at Latrar Air Station (H-4), Iceland. It was inactivated on 8 October 1960.
From 1956 to 1960, the unit was a General Surveillance Radar squadron providing for the air defense of Iceland and the North Atlantic.
Lineage.
Assignments
Stations

</doc>
<doc id="31004818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004818" title="Park Place (H&amp;M station)">
Park Place (H&amp;M station)

Park Place was a terminal of the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad (now PATH) located at the intersection of Park Place and Center Street in Newark, New Jersey, across the street from Military Park. The terminal opened on November 26, 1911, after the H&M extended its line westward from Grove Street in Jersey City to the Manhattan Transfer and Newark. The terminal closed on June 20, 1937, after the H&M tracks were realigned to serve the new Newark Penn Station. The New Jersey Performing Arts Center now sits on the location of the terminal adjacent to Newark Light Rail's NJPAC/Center Street Station.

</doc>
<doc id="31004830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004830" title="Don't Ask Me No Questions">
Don't Ask Me No Questions

"Don't Ask Me No Questions" is a song by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd released on its 1974 album, "Second Helping". The song can often be heard on many classic rock radio stations today. It was written by Gary Rossington and Ronnie Van Zant.
Content.
The song is memorable for its lyrics and simple guitar riff. Lynyrd Skynyrd, depicting themselves as just working-class musicians who liked making music at the time, were anxious in the world of record companies, managers, and agents. The song is a message to the people who did not want anything to do with the band during their early years, but became demanding when the band became successful. It was written by Rossington and Van Zant during a fishing trip. The song failed to reach chart status; however, their later song "Sweet Home Alabama" achieved worldwide recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="31004855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004855" title="Antonio Paretti">
Antonio Paretti

Antonio Paretti (1892 - February 17, 1927), also known as Anthony Paretti or Tony the Shoemaker, was a Camorra gangster. He was a member of the Brooklyn based Navy Street gang in New York City.
He received a death sentence for his part in the killing of Nicholas Morello and Charles Ubriaco on September 7, 1916, during the Mafia–Camorra War. Paretti originally fled to Italy to escape capture, while his brother Aniello Paretti was imprisoned charged with another murder. He was also involved in the murder of Joe Nazzaro.
He returned to New York in March 1926, thinking that most of the witnesses against him would no longer be there. Nevertheless, Paretti was convicted for first degree murder, despite witnesses who "suddenly developed a surprising lack of memory" - replying "I cannot remember" to all questions asked of them.
Leading to his execution security in Sing Sing prison was enhanced from 16 hours a day to 24 hours a day. He was pressuring politicians to deny the death penalty but this was not granted. He was electrocuted on February 17, 1927, at the age of 35. One of his last visitors was future Mafia boss, Vito Genovese, and his brother Aniello who had spent 8 months on death row himself before being released.

</doc>
<doc id="31004865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004865" title="Diego Rubio">
Diego Rubio

Diego Iván Rubio Köstner (born 15 May 1993) is a Chilean football player who plays as a striker for Sandnes Ulf.
Club career.
Early career.
Rubio began his football career with Universidad Católica. However, when he was 14, he took the decision to move to his favorite team Colo-Colo. After one year in the bench with Colo-Colo, in the next season Diego was consecrated in the youth team. After many seasons in the youth ranks, he was promoted to the first professional team in January 2011.
Colo-Colo.
Rubio made his professional debut for Colo-Colo in a pre-season friendly against Deportes La Serena as a starter. In other pre-season game, Diego scored his first unofficial goals for the club, in a 3–1 won against Unión Española, in where he scored two goals for his team, being named the man of the match.
His Chilean Primera División came on 14 February 2011 against Unión San Felipe, as an 84th-minute substitution in a 2–0 away defeat. In a Copa Libertadores game played against Santos in Brazil, he scored his first professional goal, but the match finished in a 3–2 loss. On 19 April, Rubio scored his first two goals in the Primera División against La Serena, at 30th and 62nd minute, being named the man of match, in a 4–1 home win. He finally was consecrated in the club in an international game for the Libertadores against Táchira, Rubio gave the 2–1 victory to the club, scoring the two goals of Colo-Colo, after an early goal of Edgar Pérez Greco at 4th minute. After his club's performances, was rumored that Udinese are interested in Rubio.
He played his first derby game against his former youth club Universidad Católica, participating in the equalizer goal of Colo-Colo giving an assistance to Ezequiel Miralles at 81st minute, putting the 1–1 draw. The coach Américo Gallego nominated to Rubio for play the major derby of the Chilean football against Universidad de Chile, however, he only playing 30 minutes in a 2–1 loss.
Sporting CP.
On 5 July 2011, Rubio joined Portuguese giants Sporting Clube de Portugal for €1.5M, signing a five-year contract with a €30M minimum fee release clause.
Pandurii.
On September 2, 2013, Liga I club Pandurii Târgu Jiu confirmed Rubio was signed on a loan from Sporting, with an option to buy. He debuted in Liga I in the match against Dinamo Bucharest, won by Pandurii with 2-1.
International career.
On 31 May 2011, Rubio was called up by Chilean national team manager Claudio Borghi to take part in the 28-man pre-list preparatory process for the upcoming 2011 Copa America. He officially debuted with Chile national team on 23 June 2011, in a match against Paraguay, the last match of Chile before the Copa América.
Personal life.
Diego is the son of Hugo Rubio. Currently working at the Passball company as a football agent, Hugo was a successful football player, having spent most of his extensive career in his country with a short spell in European football, specifically in Italy and Switzerland. Hugo also was a member of the Chile squad at the Copa América of 1987 and 1991. Diego has two footballer brothers, Eduardo, currently playing in Lota Schwager, and Matías, who plays for Unión La Calera. Diego Rubio is also godchild of the Chilean football legend Iván Zamorano.
On 15 May 2011, was reported that Rubio was on a list of most popular Chilean players on Twitter with 1,247 fans, in the 12th place of 14 players. The list was led by Jorge Valdivia, in the 1st place with more of 50,000 fans.

</doc>
<doc id="31004866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004866" title="Indianapolis (Parks and Recreation)">
Indianapolis (Parks and Recreation)

"Indianapolis" is the sixth episode of the third season of the American comedy television series "Parks and Recreation", and the 36th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 24, 2011. In the episode, Leslie and Ron travel to Indianapolis to receive a commendation, while Ann suspects Chris is cheating on her. Meanwhile, Tom tries to pitch his personal fragrance to a cologne maker while simultaneously bonding with Ben.
Written by Katie Dippold and directed by Randall Einhorn, "Indianapolis" was the last of six episodes filmed almost immediately after the second season ended as part of an early shooting schedule needed to accommodate actress Amy Poehler's pregnancy. The episodes were ultimately held for several months due to a scheduling hiatus. It was originally intended to be the last episode featuring guest star Rob Lowe, but he became a permanent cast member after it was filmed.
The episode features a guest appearance by actor Jason Mantzoukas as fragrance maker Dennis Feinstein. According to Nielsen Media Research, "Indianapolis" was seen by 4.59 million household viewers, an increase in viewership from the previous week's episode, "Media Blitz". The episode received generally positive reviews.
Plot.
Leslie (Amy Poehler) and Ron (Nick Offerman) head up to Indianapolis to receive a commendation at the Indiana Statehouse for reestablishing the Pawnee Harvest Festival, although Ron is only interested in eating at Charles Mulligan's Steak House, his favorite restaurant. Ann (Rashida Jones) tells Leslie her last talk with Chris (Rob Lowe) reassured her their relationship was fine, but he has been acting distant since then. She asks Leslie to look for signs of whether Chris is cheating on her, since he has since returned to Indianapolis.
Tom (Aziz Ansari) is attending a launch party for cologne maker Dennis Feinstein (Jason Mantzoukas) at the Snakehole Lounge, where Tom hopes to pitch his own cologne "Tommy Fresh" to him. Ben (Adam Scott) initially turns down the invitation because he does not want to get too attached to anybody, since his job will require him move soon. However, Ben relents when Tom invites him again at Leslie's urging (Ben also notes that "Dennis Feinstein" is an oddly ordinary name for a cologne designer, but Tom explains that Dennis' real name, "Dante Fiero", is considered less exotic here). Meanwhile, April (Aubrey Plaza) and Andy (Chris Pratt) are now dating, but Andy is worried he is too broke to take her out.
Leslie and Ron visit Chris' apartment, where Leslie discovers a woman's razor and a pink swimming cap in the bathroom. Upon hearing this, Ann decides to drive up to Indianapolis to confront Chris. To Ron's horror, Charles Mulligan's has been shut down by the health department, so Chris invites everyone back to his place for food. To Ron's further horror, Chris prepares vegetarian dishes, and Ron nearly passes out as he had been starving himself with the expectation of eating at Mulligan's. At the launch party, Tom approaches Dennis, who insults "Tommy Fresh" and quickly dismisses Tom. Ben cheers him up and tells him not to give up on his dreams, admitting that he considers Tom his friend. Ben is happy when it is apparent that the parks department feels the same way. Andy and April, who are both broke, hold a contest to see how much free stuff they can get at the party, earning $218 by posing as staff and accepting tips. However, they both feel guilty and give the money to the bartender.
Ann eventually shows up at Chris' apartment and lashes out at him, but he explains he shaves his legs with the razor for swimming, and the pink shower cap was for swimming in a breast cancer awareness triathlon. However, he tells Ann they broke up last week during their talk; Ann realizes that Chris was so positive in how he ended the relationship that she was totally oblivious to it. Leslie decides not to attend the commendation ceremony so she can drive Ann home that night, cheering her up during the trip by telling her all the numerous embarrassing ways she has been dumped over the years. They end up at the Snakehole Lounge for the party to rendezvous with everyone else. As they all leave the party, Ben avenges Tom by pouring "Tommy Fresh" all over the inside of Dennis' parked SUV. Meanwhile, a starving Ron goes to a diner and orders all of the eggs and bacon they have.
Production.
"Indianapolis" was written by Katie Dippold and directed by Randall Einhorn. It was the last of six third season episodes that were written and filmed almost immediately after the second season ended as part of an early shooting schedule needed to accommodate Amy Poehler's pregnancy. However, although finished early in anticipation of a September 2010 release date, the series' third season was ultimately placed on hiatus until early 2011, many months after production on "Indianapolis" was finished. The episode "Time Capsule" was actually the last of the six to be filmed because it afforded the most opportunities for actress Amy Poehler to conceal her pregnant belly behind a variety of props, but "Indianapolis" as planned was the sixth episode of the season. Because of this, "Time Capsule" has an "easter egg" reference to the character Dennis Feinstein on the time capsule idea sheet before he appears in the show later in the season. "Indianapolis" was originally expected to be the final episode starring Rob Lowe, who was first scheduled to make only a string of guest appearances throughout the third season. However, after the episode was filmed, Lowe was signed as a permanent "Parks and Recreation" cast member, so his character returned in future episodes.
Jason Mantzoukas made a guest appearance in "Indianapolis" as the fragrance maker Dennis Feinstein. The character and some of his fragrance brands have been mentioned in previous "Parks and Recreation" episodes, but this marked his first on-screen appearance. Mantzoukas portrays the character Rafi in the FX comedy series "The League"; he is the third character from that show to appear on "Parks and Recreation", as Nick Kroll previously guest-starred in the episode "Media Blitz", and Paul Scheer appeared in the episode "Kaboom". "Indianapolis" included a scene in which Leslie comforts Ann with stories about multiple times Leslie was dumped in the past, all of which were edited together in a series of jump cuts. The technique has been commonly used throughout the series to condense multiple takes of improvisation from Poehler.
Cultural references.
Tom said Blackout, one of Dennis Feinstein's fragrances, was named one of the "top 100 ways to trick someone into sex" by "Maxim", an international men's magazine. While proposing possible date activities to April, Andy suggests watching television at Best Buy, a consumer electronics retailer store. While describing one of his past meals at the steakhouse restaurant, Ron recalled having drunk a 16-year-old Lagavulin Single Malt, a type of Scotch whisky. Ben claims that his signature drink is Miller Lite, a very common brand of lager beer. Leslie reveals her nickname in high school was Angela Lansbury, an actress best known for her role on the television series "Murder, She Wrote". Ben says because he moves around so much due to work, he does not become close with many people, and considers the acquaintances he makes the equivalent of Facebook friends, a reference to the social network service website.
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast, "Indianapolis" was seen by an estimated 4.59 million household viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research, with an overall 2.7 rating/4 share, and a 2.4 rating/6 share among viewers between ages 18 and 49. It constituted a 9 percent increase over the previous week's episode "Media Blitz", which was seen by 4.33 million households. Along with "30 Rock", "Parks" was the only show from the NBC Thursday comedy block on February 24 to see an increase in ratings over the previous week: "Community", "Perfect Couples", "Outsourced" and "The Office" were all flat, with the latter two shows matching their lowest ratings of the season. "Parks and Recreation" was outperformed in its 9:30 p.m. timeslot by the Fox reality series "American Idol" and the CBS crime drama series "", which were seen by an average 21.82 million and 12.48 million household viewers, respectively. "Indianapolis", however, earned higher ratings than the CW Network drama series "Nikita", which was seen by 3.4 million household viewers.
Reviews.
"Indianapolis" received generally positive reviews. "The Atlantic" writer Scott Meslow called it "a very funny, very sweet episode of a show that's been consistently great this season". Meslow said the transition of April and Andy from courting to dating was handled especially well, and liked how the Ben and Tom subplot allowed Ben's character to "loosen up a little", but said Ron's character seemed too much like a "self-parody" in the episode. Alan Sepinwall of Hitfix said the episode reminded him of the first season finale "Rock Show", which he called "the show that was capable of living up to the talent in front of and behind the camera". Sepinwall said the characters were now so well-developed that he enjoyed simply getting to "hang out with them", and he particularly liked the rapport between Tom and Ben, the latter of whom he said was becoming better integrated into the cast. IGN writer said the episode perfectly highlighted all the characters various eccentricities, and enjoyed that the show took the characters out of the usual parks department office setting and placed them into the "wonderful, lovable world that this show has created for itself".
Steve Heisler of The A.V. Club called the episode "one of the finest in this first season three batch and a solid showcase for all the characters". He praised the show for going in directions atypical for sitcoms, like having the Ann and Chris break-up off-screen, and said "Ann's character defies all the expectations heaped on her from two previous seasons". Steve Kandell of "New York" magazine said "Indianapolis" was not as strong as other third season episodes, but that it "proves to be as emblematic of the show’s soft, gooey heart as any the series has done". In particular, Kandell praised how Ben is growing to love Pawnee, and how April and Andy donated their tips at the end of the episode. Hollywood.com writer Eric Sundermann said the writers took "some risks outside of the characters' comfort zone" in "Indianapolis" and that they worked, especially with Ann's character, who he felt opened up more than in past episodes. He also said Andy and April work well together because the characters seem so genuine with each other. Matt Richenthal of TV Fanatic declared "Indianapolis" a great episode. He particularly enjoyed the April and Andy date, which he called, "downright adorable", and the Ron Swanson subplot, which he called "so ridiculous and hilarious".
Rick Porter of Zap2it called the episode a "pretty low-key affair" and a "a nice pause in the harvest festival story". Porter praised Rashida Jones' performance and said Adam Scott and Aziz Ansari played well off each other. Joel Keller of TV Squad called the steakhouse subplot "Ron Swanson at his best" and enjoyed the Andy and April scenes, but said he did not like how the Ann and Chris romance had been handled throughout the season, and hoped it would end with "Indianapolis". "Entertainment Weekly" writer Hillary Busis said she liked seeing Ben interact with characters other than Leslie, and enjoyed the development between Ann and Chris. However, Busis found the other subplots of the episode "a little flimsy" and found it lacking compared to recent episodes like "" and "Media Blitz".

</doc>
<doc id="31004883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004883" title="List of Olympic venues">
List of Olympic venues

The following are lists of all Olympic venues, starting with the first modern Olympic Games in 1896, organized alphabetically, by sport, and by year.
As a multi-sport event, competitions held during a given Olympics usually take place in different venues located across the host city and its metropolitan area. However, some Olympic competitions may be held outside the host metropolitan area, and instead in other regions of the host country (as it is usually the case with Football at the Summer Olympics and its requirements for large stadia).
One venue is designated as the "Olympic Stadium", the big centrepiece stadium of the games. Traditionally at the Summer Olympic Games, the opening and closing ceremonies and the Athletics competitions are held in the Olympic Stadium. The Winter Olympic Games do not usually have a central Olympic Stadium, but instead have edifices that are designated as the Olympic Stadium to host the opening and closing ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="31004884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004884" title="Nuestra Belleza Chihuahua 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Chihuahua 2010

Nuestra Belleza Chihuahua 2010, was held at the Auditorio de las 3 Culturas, Cuauhtémoc, Chihuahua on August 4, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Pamela Olivas of the capital city Chihuahua was crowned the winner. Olivas was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Chihuahua titleholder, Daniela Muñoz. Eight contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="31004968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004968" title="Carl Minkley">
Carl Minkley

Carl Minkley (November 14, 1866 – July 26, 1937) was an interior decorator, housepainter, labor movement activist and Socialist Party of America politician from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served two terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly (as well as being an alderman for the City of Milwaukee).
Background.
Minkley was born in Strelno (now Strzelno), in what was then the German Empire, on November 14, 1866. He attended the public schools and studied designing for interior decoration in the trade schools of Berlin, Germany. He became a member of his trade union in 1887, and was elected a delegate from the city of Berlin to its national convention in 1890. Minkley came to the United States in 1892, settling in Milwaukee in 1893. He was a delegate to the national convention of the Brotherhood of Decorators and Painters of America. He became a member of the Socialist Party of America, became the state organizer of the Socialist Party (known in Wisconsin at the "Social-Democratic Party"), and served as a delegate to the national Socialist convention in 1912.
Elective office.
Minkley was appointed as alderman-at-large in the city of Milwaukee by mayor Emil Seidel, to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Victor L. Berger after Berger's 1910 election to Congress. Minkley was first elected a member of the Assembly in the Fourth district of Milwaukee County (20th and 22nd wards of the City of Milwaukee) in 1912, with 2365 votes to 1969 for independent Paul G. Dorow, 1331 for Republican Max J. Leutermann, and 54 for Prohibitionist Peter J. Norgaaard, succeeding his fellow Socialist Max E. Binner (Binner, whose old district had been split up after the 1910 United States Census, did not run for re-election.) Minkley served on the Assembly's Committee on Municipalities. 
In 1914 he was re-elected by a narrow margin, with 2295 votes to 2209 for Republican Walter F. Mayer. He was assigned to the Committee on the Judiciary for the 1915-1916 Assembly session. In May 1915, he requested an indefinite leave of absence, as the $500 salary and what money he had been able to earn as a housepainter while the Assembly was not in session what not sufficient to pay his expenses in Madison. While in the Assembly, he continued his work as Socialist Party state organizer.
He was succeeded in the Assembly in the 1916 election by fellow Socialist Henry Ohl, Jr..
After the Assembly.
After leaving the Assembly, Minkley continued as an activist. He frequently appeared before the legislature on behalf of Socialist legislation or on behalf of unions. As a lobbyist for the Brewery Workers Union, he wrote, published and distributed 2,500,000 copies of a pamphlet against Prohibition, and appeared before the United States Senate and five state legislatures in opposition to it.
When the Milwaukee City Hall's Council Chambers were remodelled in 1931, Minkley contributed a stencil design for the ceiling and anteroom on the theme "Human Endeavor and Progress". This led to some complaints from the Milwaukee Art Commission, which condemned the designs as the product of "a painter, not an artist.
In 1934 he was the Socialist nominee for the Fifth Wisconsin State Senate District, garnering 6,458 votes to 10,435 for Democrat Harold Schoenecker, 6,916 for Republican Bernhard Gettleman, and 5.674 for Progressive Gustave Dick.
Minkley's rhetoric was often vigorous. During a 1935 rally in the Assembly chamber in favor of a bill to create a state corporation to operate shuttered factories and employ jobless workers, he told the Assembly that if the bill did not pass, its supporters would return at the next session with baseball bats "to drive you out." In 1937, Minkley was state secretary of the Socialist Party, and expressed the Party's concern that the Civilian Conservation Corps was "a breeding spot for militarism or Fascism."
Personal life.
On September 29, 1934, he married Anna Hunter, a widow whom he'd met at the Wisconsin Socialist Party annual picnic in Pleasant Prairie. He already had six children (Carl, Nora, Carla, Clio, Eric and Kurt) by a prior marriage. 
He died July 26, 1937, of a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="31004970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004970" title="Kitty Wentzel">
Kitty Wentzel

Kitty Wentzel (nee Bætzmann; 9 August 1868 – 20 November 1961) was a Norwegian writer and journalist. She was born in Christiania, and was daughter of journalist Frederik Bætzmann. She was married to painter Gustav Wentzel. She was a journalist for the newspaper "Verdens Gang" from 1913 to 1917, and for "Ørebladet" from 1917 to 1924.
Among her books are "Bordets glæder" from 1925, written jointly with Øvre Richter Frich, the biography "Gustav Wentzel" from 1956, and the memoirs "Fra mitt livs karusell" from 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="31004980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004980" title="233rd Reserve Panzer Division (Wehrmacht)">
233rd Reserve Panzer Division (Wehrmacht)

The 233rd Reserve Panzer Division was a German panzer division during World War II which was mainly deployed in Denmark.
The 233rd Panzer Division was redesignated the 233rd Reserve Panzer Division on 8 August 1943 under the command of Kurt Cuno,and was posted to central Jutland in Denmark from 18 November. It remained in Denmark, headquartered at Horsens, where it trained panzer crews and motorised troops. It saw no combat apart from occasional Allied Bombing and Commando raids.
It became known as the Panzer Division Holstein after mergers with other Panzer divisions on 10 February 1945 and was then again renamed back to the 233rd Panzer Division as new Divisional headquarters were hastily set up in April 1945. Much of this unit was then assimilated into the new Clausewitz Panzer Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31004985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004985" title="Oracion Seis">
Oracion Seis

Oracion Seis may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="31004997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31004997" title="Mr. Banker">
Mr. Banker

"Mr. Banker" is a song by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. The song was recorded "in early 1973" at Studio One, Doraville, Georgia, and was first released as the "B" side of "Gimme Three Steps" (a U.S. single release) in November 1973. It first appeared on an album (and on compact disc) in 1987 - "Legend", track # 8.
It was written by Ronnie Van Zant, Gary Rossington, and Ed King.
Content.
The song is memorable for its lyrics and simple blues guitar riff. The song is sung by Ronnie Van Zant, about a man begging the bank for money to bury his father. Despite misconceptions, the song is not about Van Zant's father, Lacy Van Zant. 

</doc>
<doc id="31005000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005000" title="Combresomyces">
Combresomyces

"Combresomyces" is a genus of hyphal, parasitic oomycete known from the fossil record; it infects organisms such as the seed fern "Lyginopteris"

</doc>
<doc id="31005006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005006" title="Wyoming Highway 338">
Wyoming Highway 338

Wyoming Highway 338 is a north-south Wyoming State Road located in north-central Sheridan County.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 338 begins its southern end in Sheridan at I-90 BUS/US 14 BUS/US 87 BUS (N. Main Street) and exit 20 of Interstate 90, which also carries US 14 and US 87 at this point. Named "Decker Road" for the Montana community it reaches, WYO 338 travels north, passing under I-90, and paralleling it to the east. At approximately 4.2 miles, WYO 338 intersects the eastern terminus of WYO 339 (Jensick Connector) which links Highway 338 with exit 16 of I-90. Past 339, WYO 338 curves due east before turning back north on which it will stay to complete its routing. At 15.03 miles, Wyoming Highway 338 reaches its northern terminus at Montana Secondary Highway 314 at the Montana State Line.
History.
The length of Wyoming Highway 338 between its southern terminus and Wyoming Highway 339 is the original routing of US 14/US 87 prior to the construction of Interstate 90.

</doc>
<doc id="31005011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005011" title="Zsuzsanna Veress">
Zsuzsanna Veress

Zsuzsanna Veress (born 6 March 1976 in Békéscsaba) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE.

</doc>
<doc id="31005016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005016" title="Hajnalka Futaki">
Hajnalka Futaki

Hajnalka Futaki (born 9 June 1990 in Gyula) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE and the Hungarian junior national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31005022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005022" title="British Property Federation">
British Property Federation

British Property Federation (BPF) is a not-for-profit membership organisation representing companies involved in property ownership and investment.
The BPF “aims to create the conditions in which the real estate industry can grow and thrive, for the benefit of members and of the economy as a whole”. It comments regularly on proposed Government policy changes that will impact its members, such as the Community Infrastructure Levy, Build-to-Rent development, and REIT legislation.
Its membership comprises a wide range of companies, including real estate companies, institutional investors, fund managers, investment banks, housing associations, and professional firms. The BPF operates in Scotland as the Scottish Property Federation from offices in Edinburgh.
The Chief Executive, Liz Peace, announced her retirement in April 2014 after 12 years leading the BPF. A new Chief Executive has not yet been appointed. David Marks of Brockton Capital is president, and Bill Hughes of Legal & General is vice-president. Other board members are from prominent property and investment companies.
Objectives.
The BPF has three objectives according to its website:
Governance.
The BPF is governed by a Board, composed of four officers – President, Vice President, Junior Vice President and Immediate Past President – as well as the Chief Executive, an Honorary Treasurer, and six other industry professionals.
Members.
The BPF currently has around 380 member companies, roughly made up of a third real estate companies, a third professional firms, and a third other organisations such as investment banks and fund managers.
The BPF's policy work is overseen by a range of committees, each one made up of a chairman and 25-30 people from its member companies. It currently has 16 committees involving over 500 people in total.

</doc>
<doc id="31005029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005029" title="Gyöngyi Drávai">
Gyöngyi Drávai

Gyöngyi Drávai (born 2 January 1990 in Budapest) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE in middle back position.
She joined Békéscsaba on loan from Győri ETO KC in July 2010 with an option to buy the player at the end of the season. Békéscsaba used the option and Drávai signed permanently to the Purples in June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31005048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005048" title="667th Air Control Squadron">
667th Air Control Squadron

The 667th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the Air Forces Iceland, stationed at Hofn Air Station, Iceland. It was inactivated on 30 September 1988.
From 1951-1988, the unit was a General Surveillance Radar squadron providing for the air defense of Iceland and the North Atlantic. 
Lineage.
Assignments
Stations

</doc>
<doc id="31005088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005088" title="Eilidh Rankin">
Eilidh Rankin

Eilidh Rankin (Scottish Gaelic: Eilidh NicFhraing) is an actress from Killmaluag (Gaelic: Cill MoLuag) on the Isle of Skye, Scotland. She co-starred in the animated film, "The Illusionist (2010 film)", as the Gaelic and English voice of the lead character, Alice.

</doc>
<doc id="31005096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005096" title="Plaza Hotel, College Station">
Plaza Hotel, College Station

The Plaza Hotel (formerly University Tower) is a former hotel building in College Station, Texas, USA. The building contained 300 rooms and was 17 stories high. It was located at 410 South Texas Avenue, College Station, Texas 77840.
Operated as a Ramada Inn, the initial two-story hotel was opened by Joe Ferreri in 1960 at the suggestion of Texas A&M University's president at the time, James Earl Rudder. High occupancy rates lead Ramada officials to request an expansion, which came in the form of the 17-story tower built in 1980. Ferreri subsequently lost the hotel to bankruptcy in 1987. In the 1990s the property was a private dormitory, The University Towers. The building was acquired and turned into The Plaza Hotel in 2004.
The building contained a swimming pool in the atrium (in which a 12 year old boy drowned in July, 2007.), a lounge which overlooked the atrium and pool, a ballroom, a restaurant (Maxwell's, then Remington's), and a penthouse containing a fully equipped kitchen and bar area, dining room, exterior patio, three bedrooms and a master suite with bath and jacuzzi.
The property is owned by Rossco Holdings, Inc. who filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Texas on August 2, 2010. Problems for the hotel began as early as 2008, when Brazos County health inspectors shut down the hotel's kitchen and when guests made complaints about mysterious activities. During the final months of the hotel being open, guests complained of a lack of hot water and air conditioning as well as purported hauntings (including that of Civil War General Jack T. Anderson).
Demolition.
According to local station KBTX, the Plaza Hotel was demolished around 6:30 A.M. on Thursday, May 24, 2012. The hotel is being replaced by a $45 million mixed use development that will have apartments, retail, and restaurants. 
KAMU-TV provided a LIVE video feed of the Plaza Hotel's demolition (http://kamu.tamu.edu) via a camera located on the 12th floor of the Oceanography & Meteorology building on the Texas A&M University campus (which was close to the demolished hotel).

</doc>
<doc id="31005109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005109" title="Carnosic acid">
Carnosic acid

Carnosic acid is a natural benzenediol abietane diterpene found in rosemary ("Rosmarinus officinalis") and common sage ("Salvia officinalis"). Dried leaves of rosemary or sage contain 1.5 to 2.5% carnosic acid.
Carnosic acid has medicinal properties, is a potent antioxidant and protects skin cells against UV-A radiation (photoprotection). Studies in animals have also found a protection against carcinogens.
Carnosic acid is used as a preservative or antioxidant in food and nonfood products (e.g. toothpaste, mouthwash and chewing gum -in which it has an antimicrobial effect on the microbes responsible for bad breath- or skin care products).

</doc>
<doc id="31005126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005126" title="Todd Packer (The Office)">
Todd Packer (The Office)

"Todd Packer" is the eighteenth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series "The Office", and the show's 144th episode overall. It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) on February 24 20, 2011. The episode was written by Amelie Gillette and directed by series creator Randall Einhorn.
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In this episode, traveling salesman Todd Packer (David Koechner) comes to Dunder Mifflin looking for a desk job in the office. However, the office is unsure if they want him to work there due to his previous behavior. Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) and Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) eventually team up and develop a scheme that rids the office of Packer. Meanwhile, after dealing with computer problems, Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) confronts Pam Halpert (Jenna Fischer) about getting a new computer.
The episode was the first entry in the series to be written by Gillette, who had previously written for the online entertainment newspaper and website "The A.V. Club". The episode received mixed reviews from critics; while many did not enjoy the character of Todd Packer, others praised the temporary alliance between Jim and Dwight. "Todd Packer" was viewed by 6.121 million viewers and received a 3.2 rating among adults between the age of 18 and 49, making it the season's lowest-rated episode. Despite this, the episode was the highest-rated NBC series of the week that it aired.
Plot.
Traveling salesman Todd Packer (David Koechner) comes to Dunder Mifflin looking for a desk job in the office. However, the office is unsure if they want him to work there due to his previous behavior. Holly Flax (Amy Ryan) gives him a job as a salesman, forcing Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) to leave his desk and move to the annex. Todd repeatedly offends everybody with his "jokes," especially Kevin Malone (Brian Baumgartner), although Kevin pretends to play along. Only Michael Scott (Steve Carell), who has a similar sense of humor, is not offended by Todd. Holly, who was at first excited to have Todd in the office per Michael's recommendations, quickly discovers how insensitive Todd is and asks Michael to get him under control. Michael and Todd have coffee in the lobby, where Todd says he wants to make the effort to be a better person. Michael gets Todd to apologize, but everyone can tell that the apologies are insincere. Dwight and Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) scheme to get rid of Todd, first by planning to pull pranks on him, but eventually taking more drastic measures. They call him, pretending to be Corporate offering him a job in Tallahassee, Florida, a job which Todd readily accepts. When Michael finds out about the scheme, he plans to tell Todd that Dwight and Jim have tricked him. Before he has a chance to, however, Todd insults Holly, which causes Michael to keep Dwight and Jim's scheme a secret and allow Todd to take the "job" in Florida. As Michael and Holly witness Todd drive away from the view in his office, Michael smiles as he refers to Packer as "an ass" before they embrace.
Meanwhile, when office administrator Pam Halpert (Jenna Fischer) gets a new computer for the receptionist's desk to replace the current older model, Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) wants a new computer, too. Pam states that if she were to get a new computer for one sales rep, she would have to get one for every sales rep, which leads to the entire office momentarily believing that new computers are being freely handed out. Since Pam refuses to give him a new computer, Andy switches his computer with Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper), a trade Erin seems to agree with. Pam is angry with him, saying that the computer was not meant for Erin personally but for the receptionist's desk in general, and therefore it was not hers to switch. Pam tells Andy that the only way he can get a new computer is if his breaks, which leads to him accepting all cookies, intentionally opening pop-up ads, and placing food in the disc drive. Pam then buys Andy a new computer, but they scratch it up to make it not look brand new. When they pretend to argue about it in front of the office, Pam claims that she found it in the warehouse. Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) subtly confronts Pam later regarding finding the computer in the warehouse. As he knows everything that is in the warehouse and where it is stored, he leverages Pam into giving him more sick days. Pam appears to be gleeful that she is now "full-on corrupt!".
Production.
This episode was written by Amelie Gillette, her first writing credit of the series. She previously was a writer for "The A.V. Club" before being hired for "The Office". The episode was directed by longtime series director Randall Einhorn, and was his second credit for the season after "The Sting". The cold open, which featured Jim and Dwight arguing about canned foods, was actually filmed for the previous season and is featured in the blooper reel on the sixth season DVD and Blu-ray sets.
The Season Seven DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from this episode. The cut scenes include a sequence of Erin being excited after receiving her new computer, Michael expressing his desire for Holly and Packer to become friends, Packer telling Holly that Scranton is his hometown, Kevin hinting that he would like some of Dwight's leftover pizza, Andy telling Pam about his high school "back seat" adventures, Michael and Holly arguing about Packer, and Jim trying to not let Dwight move back into his old desk.
Cultural references.
Packer pretends to mistake Holly for actress Jennifer Aniston. Dwight angrily throws out Holly's miniature zen gardens and remarks, "What do you grow in this, bullcrap?" Packer calls Kevin, Holly, and Dwight, the "three muske-queers", a homophobic slur referencing the 1844 novel "The Three Musketeers". Dwight notes that, had Kevin grown up in Sumo culture, he would be considered a "promising up-and-comer". Holly makes a list of humorous individuals, ranging from most humorous to less: "Bill Cosby, Steve Martin, 'Charlie Bit My Finger,' Michael Scott […] Todd Packer". When asked if he would like chocolate milk, Packer notes that the only chocolate he likes is Vivica A. Fox. Jim mentions Justin Bieber, and Dwight says "Who is Justice Beaver?" This leads Jim to say sardonically, "A crime-fighting beaver". Following the episode's air date, the term "Justice Beaver" became popular a trend on Twitter, and led to a website in honor of the quote. When prank-calling Packer, Dwight continuously makes references to the The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Orlando, Florida.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "Todd Packer" was viewed by an estimated 6.121 million viewers and received a 3.2 rating/9% share. This means that it was seen by 3.2% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 9% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This marked the lowest number of viewers for the series since the second season episode "Boys and Girls", which was viewed by 5.42 million viewers, as well as the lowest Nielsen rating for the series since the first season. Despite this, the episode became the highest-rated NBC program for the original week it aired and also became the sixteenth most-watched show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18–49.
Myles McNutt of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B–" and noted that he did not like Todd Packer, nor the episode's where his character is intentionally supposed to be vile. He did, however, enjoy the fact that Packer's antics caused Jim and Dwight to unite in the face of a common enemy, a plot that McNutt said "had a scrappy feel to it". McNutt also called Kevin being "slowly broken by Packer's cruelty" an effective way to show how terrible Packer was to the morale of the office. He was, however, more critical about the fact that Holly seemed unaware that "Michael may not be the best judge of whether or not someone is funny".
IGN writer Cindy White enjoyed the episode, but criticized the ending for being too similar to a scene in the series finale of the original version of "The Office" in which David Brent, after a successful blind date, tries to jump into a conversation with traveling salesman Chris Finch at a Christmas party. Finch makes a rude comment about his date which makes David stand up to him and tell him to "fuck off". Despite this, she spoke highly of Jim and Dwight's storyline, writing that "I wish their final ruse had been a bit more original, but it served the purpose of getting rid of Packer". She ultimately gave the episode a 7.5 out of 10 rating, denoting a "good" episode.
Matt Richenthal of TV Fanatic awarded the episode four out of five stars and praised it for its temporary teaming up of Jim and Dwight. Alan Sepinwall was critical of the episode; although he enjoyed the continued exploration of Michael's maturation, but felt that, because Packer was so infrequently seen on the show, he was stuck as "the American version of Finchy" from the original British series, and as such, did not fit into the show's dynamics. Sepinwall was further critical of the main story, calling it "flat and uncomfortable". However, he enjoyed the later part of Pam and Andy's storyline, as well as Jim and Dwight teaming up to beat Packer.

</doc>
<doc id="31005130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005130" title="World War I reenactment">
World War I reenactment

World War I reenacting is the historical reenactment of First World War military.

</doc>
<doc id="31005169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005169" title="Sanja Iveković">
Sanja Iveković

Sanja Iveković (born 1949 in Zagreb) is a Croatian photographer, sculptor and installation artist. Considered to be one of the leading artists from the former Yugoslavia, she continues to inspire many young artists.
Biography.
Iveković studied graphics at the Zagreb Academy of Fine Arts from 1968 to 1971. Her artistic career began during the Croatian Spring in the early 1970s when, together with other artists, she broke away from mainstream settings, pioneering video, conceptual photomontages and performance. Much of her work is centred on her own life and the place of women in today's society. She was the first artist in Croatia to label herself a feminist artist. She has been a key player at the Centre for Women's Studies in Zagreb since it opened in 1994.
Art work.
Since the beginning of her artistic career, Iveković has always been interested in the representation of women in society. Among her early works are "Double Life" (1975) where she pairs 66 photographs of her private life with similar shots of models in magazine advertisements, "Make Up-Make Down" (1978) with filmed or photographed self-portraits, and "General Alert: Soap Opera" (1995) produced for television. "Figure & Ground" (2006) depicts collages of female models looking like armed terrorists covered in blood and wearing military-inspired clothing from top designers.
Iveković has also been effective in her sculptures. In 2001, she copied Luxembourg's national symbol Gëlle Fra (Golden Lady) but making the woman look visibly pregnant. Topping an obelisk which for some time was placed in the vicinity of the original, her "Rosa Luxembourg" caused considerable consternation. "Women's House", an ongoing project since 1998, displays plaster casts of the faces of abused women arranged in a semicircle.
At the 2010 Gwangju Biennale, Iveković's "On the Barricades" was a living memorial commemorating the Gwangju people's uprising of 18 May 1980. Based on her "Rohrbach Living Memorial" (2005) depicting the fate of the Roma victims of the holocaust, the new presentation was enacted by volunteers representing statues of the victims. They were surrounded by 10 monitors presenting slideshows of photos of the 545 victims, whose eyes were intentionally closed by the artist.
Award.
In 2009, Iveković was the winner of the Camera Austria Award as photography was recognized as an integral part of her conceptual work. The jury mentioned the topicality of her work and its significance for the younger generation as well as her social and political commitment to enhancing the role of women in society through works such as "Women's House".

</doc>
<doc id="31005183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005183" title="Community Motion Picture Bureau">
Community Motion Picture Bureau

During World War I, the Community Motion Picture Bureau was an American organization that "would supply about four thousand picture shows a week to YMCA, Red Cross, Salvation Army, Jewish Welfare Board, Knights of Columbus or any other accredited organization supplying entertainment for troops." Homer Croy of Missouri was production manager for the agency in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="31005199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005199" title="Chattanooga Symphony and Opera">
Chattanooga Symphony and Opera

The Chattanooga Symphony and Opera, also known as CSO, is a combined symphony orchestra and opera company in Chattanooga, Tennessee. At the time of the merger in 1985, it was the only such combined organization in the United States.
History.
Chattanooga Symphony.
The Chattanooga Symphony was established when students from Chattanooga High School, led by Melvin Margolin, gave a concert on November 5, 1933, with a few adult musicians from around town.
Borden Jones assisted Margolin in leading the group for its first four years. In 1938, Dr. Arthur Plettner from the Juilliard School became the conductor and would hold that post for the next 11 years. 
Julius Hegyi was conductor from 1956 to 1965, when Charles Gabor took over on a temporary basis. He was succeeded by Richard Cormier, who was musical director through the 1983 season.
Chattanooga Opera Company.
The Chattanooga Opera Company was established in 1942, becoming the first opera company in Tennessee. The company gave its first performance in February 1943, a production of "Il Trovatore". Founders were Dr. Werner Wolff and his wife Emmy Land Wolff, veterans of German opera who had escaped from Nazi Germany, and Dorothy Hackett Ward of the University of Chattanooga. The cast consisted primarily of local singers, but the Wolffs were well-connected in the opera world and attracted a number of renowned performers to Chattanooga as guest artists. Guest artists included Beverly Sills, John Vickers, Norman Treigle, Phyllis Curtin, and Norman Scott.
Merged organization.
The Symphony and Opera merged in 1985, becoming the Chattanooga Symphony and Opera Association. World-class Soviet director Vakhtang Jordania was recruited to become the conductor and artistic director. He was succeeded in 1992 by Robert Bernhardt. Bernhardt left the CSO directorship in April 2011. His successor is Kayoko Dan, who made her debut with the CSO in September 2011. Bernhardt has remained at the CSO as music director "emeritus" and continues to reside in Chattanooga.

</doc>
<doc id="31005210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005210" title="2011–12 Pittsburgh Penguins season">
2011–12 Pittsburgh Penguins season

The 2011–12 Pittsburgh Penguins season was the franchise’s 45th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Penguins, lead by head coach Dan Bylsma, would start the season without captain center Sidney Crosby. The team still managed a 51–25–6 record, an East-best 29 home wins, and their 108 points second-best in the Eastern Conference. In February, the team began the league's longest season winning streak and also saw the return of Crosby after missing more than 40 games with concussion like symptoms, before they saw the streak end in March at 11 games. Center Evgeni Malkin was able to play in 75 games despite difficulties associated with recent knee surgery and recorded his greatest goal tally in a season (50) on the way to winning his second Art Ross Trophy. Marc-Andre Fleury tied a franchise record for goalie wins (226) in a victory against the Atlantic division winning-New York Rangers. The four-seed Penguins would see their playoff run end to the same team which halted their regular season winning streak, the Philadelphia Flyers, losing the first three games before perishing in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals.
On April 27, Malkin was one of three finalists for the Hart Memorial Trophy, marking his third-career nomination for the award. On June 20 Malkin finished first in votes for the Hart Trophy, earning his first career MVP award.
Regular season.
Excluding 9 shootout-winning goals, the Penguins scored 273 goals overall, the most in the League.
Stanley Cup playoffs.
The Pittsburgh Penguins qualified for the Stanley Cup Playoffs for the sixth consecutive season, but lost in six games to the Philadelphia Flyers.
Player statistics.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Penguins. Stats reflect time with Penguins only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Penguins only.
Notable achievements.
Team Awards.
Awarded on April 5, 2012 
Transactions.
The Penguins have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season:
Draft picks.
The Penguins' selected five players at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="31005216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005216" title="Karisimbi">
Karisimbi

Karisimbi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005218" title="Sulthan Abdul Muhsin">
Sulthan Abdul Muhsin

Sulthan Abdul Muhsin (born October 2, 1987) was the personal secretary of the Minister of State for Islamic Affairs of the Republic of the Maldives from 1 May 2010 to 22 March 2011 until his resignation from the post.

</doc>
<doc id="31005219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005219" title="Lyginopteris">
Lyginopteris

Lyginopteris is a genus of Late Carboniferous seed fern that was sometimes parasitized.

</doc>
<doc id="31005226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005226" title="Fantastipo">
Fantastipo

Fantastipo is a 2005 Japanese film starring Tsuyoshi Domoto (Kinki Kids) and Taichi Kokubun (TOKIO). The theme song "Fantastipo" is sung by the special unit of the 2 lead actors Toraji Haiji.
Story.
The film revolves around the mostly dependable Toraji (Taichi Kokubun of TOKIO) and free-spirited Haiji (Tsuyoshi Domoto of Kinki Kids), two siblings who suddenly become President and Executive Director of Armadillo, Inc. when their father, Kintaro Koinobori (Akira Takarada), suddenly steps down from his position and appoints his sons in his stead.
With the help of their father, the two brothers continue to keep Armadillo Inc. at the top of the heap, yet slowly, but surely the relationship among all three begins to deteriorate.
Through trials and tribulations, the two slowly begin to learn the true meaning of family.
Will the family hold together? Will they pull through? The answer may lie in a song the boys are composing.
That song’s name is Fantastipo

</doc>
<doc id="31005249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005249" title="Liebfrauenkirche">
Liebfrauenkirche

Liebfrauenkirche (Church of Our Dear Lady) is a common dedication for churches in German-speaking countries.
Liebfrauenkirche may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005254" title="Derby Central Library">
Derby Central Library

Derby Central Library was established in 1879 with Derby Museum and Art Gallery, in a red brick building designed in the Domestic Flemish Gothic style by Richard Knill Freeman and given to Derby by Michael Thomas Bass. It is Derby's main public and reference library, the largest branch of Derby City Libraries run by the unitary authority that governs the city.
History.
Prior to the Public Libraries Act 1850, a number of circulating libraries existed in Derby. Typically these libraries were run by booksellers and relied on a subscription payment by their members.
The "permanent" library in Derby was established in 1811 in Queen Street. This library was open to people who by the 1830s could afford to buy a four guinea share and pay an annual subscription of another guinea. In 1832 this library had 84 members. In 1858, the book collection incorporated the 4,000 volume library of the Derby Philosophical Society. In 1863 the botanist Alexander Croall was appointed the first Librarian and Curator and the following year the museum and library were joined together. Croall left in 1875
to become the curator of the Smith Institute in Stirling.
Although the possibility was considered by the council, Derby Borough did not take advantage of the powers conferred by the 1850 Act for some years. Then in 1878 the 7th Duke of Devonshire donated his Derbyshire collection of books and papers to the Borough. A suitable home for this material was needed, but it wasn't until the following year that the Borough was able to provide the people of Derby with a free library service, as a result of Mr. Bass's gift.
On Saturday 28 June 1879 Mr. Bass performed the official opening of The Derby Free Library and Museum, the cause of great celebration in the town. The ceremony involved an official reception of Mr. Bass at the Midland Railway Station followed by an elegant luncheon at the Midland Hotel and a procession to the Market Place, along decorated streets packed with excited crowds of people. Mr Bass then presented the title deeds to the Mayor at the Town Hall. The party then moved on to the Free Library itself, where Mr. Bass took a tour before returning to the steps and declaring the building open.
The book collection offered by the new library included the Devonshire collection as well as the contents of the Permanent Library and Philosophical Society. By September 1898 the lending collection totalled almost 20,000 volumes and the reference collection over 11,000.
In 1914 the curator's house alongside the library was demolished to make way for an extension to the building, intended to house the recently acquired Bemrose Library. The Bemrose Library had been purchased after the money was raised from the public. The Library had been in the possession of Sir Henry Howe Bemrose.
In 1964 the Museum and Art Gallery expanded into a newly built wing on The Strand, but leaving the original 19th century building partly shared between the Library and the Museum. One of the library's quiet rooms in named for Alfred Goodey who funded the additional building.

</doc>
<doc id="31005262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005262" title="Rebekah Johansson">
Rebekah Johansson

Rebekah Johansson (May 4, 1981 in Enköping – February 23, 2011) was a Swedish glamour model who also participated in Big Brother Sweden 2004. Johansson modelled for men's magazines such as FHM, Moore Magazine and American Playboy Magazine, she started her career at MIKAS modeling agency. Johansson also owned a dog shelter for abused dogs and she also was an occasional bartender at events in Sweden. She modelled for American Playboy along with model friend Elita Löfblad.

</doc>
<doc id="31005319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005319" title="Elena Runggaldier">
Elena Runggaldier

Elena Runggaldier (born Bolzano, 10 July 1990) is an Italian ski jumper and Nordic combined skier, who represents G.S. Fiamme Gialle.
Biography.
In 2004, Runggadier finished first at the Italian championships of Nordic combined skiing. Also in 2004, she placed first in the K62 jumping and second in the normal hill jumping of the Italian championships of ski jumping. Further notable results at the Italian championships of ski jumping were:
first in 2006 and 2008, second in 2007, 2010 and 2011, and third in 2009.
She made her debut in the Continental Cup, the highest level in women's ski jumping, on 16 January 2005 with a 23rd place in Planica. She has finished among the top three 3 times, with one win and no second places.
She won a silver medal in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31005363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005363" title="Samuel Joseph (sculptor)">
Samuel Joseph (sculptor)

Samuel Joseph (1791–1850) was a British sculptor, working in the early 19th century.
He was a pupil of Peter Rouw, and attended the Royal Academy Schools in 1811, gaining the silver medal there in both 1811 and 1812. In 1815 he won the gold medal for "Eve Supplicating Forgiveness". In 1823 he went to Edinburgh, becoming a founding member of the Royal Scottish Academy in 1826. During this time he taught Alexander Handyside Ritchie.
His most famous and noted work is the statue of William Wilberforce in Westminster Abbey, created in 1838. A plaster copy of it also exists in St John's College, Cambridge. He exhibited in the Royal Academy from 1811 to 1846, and the Royal Scottish Academy from 1827 to 1835. He was declared bankrupt in 1848 and forced to sell most of his belongings.
He died in London on 1 July 1850, leaving seven children. The Royal Academy granted a pension to his widow, which continued until her death, 13 years later. A wax portrait of Samuel Joseph by T. Smith was exhibited in 1828 at the Royal Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31005378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005378" title="Paul Smith (first baseman)">
Paul Smith (first baseman)

Paul Leslie Smith (born March 19, 1931) is a retired American professional baseball player, a first baseman and outfielder who appeared in 223 games in Major League Baseball over three seasons (; –) for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Chicago Cubs.
Smith batted and threw left-handed, and stood tall while weighing . With his hometown only away from Pittsburgh, Smith signed with the Pirates in 1950. His finest season in MLB was his rookie campaign with the 1953 Pirates, in which he appeared in 118 games, batting .283 with 110 hits, four home runs and 44 runs batted in. After three seasons out of the Majors, he returned to Pittsburgh for 1957, playing in 81 games as a reserve outfielder. Sold to the Cubs on May 6, 1958, Smith played his last MLB game a month later and played the rest of his career at the Triple-A level, retiring after the 1963 season.
During his Major League career, he notched 152 hits in 562 at bats, including 16 doubles, seven triples and seven home runs.

</doc>
<doc id="31005379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005379" title="Chick Evans (disambiguation)">
Chick Evans (disambiguation)

Chick Evans (1890-1915) was an American amateur golfer.
Chick Evans may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005398" title="Djent">
Djent

Djent is a style of heavy metal music that developed as a spinoff of traditional progressive metal. The word "djent" is an onomatopoeia for the distinctive high-gain, distorted palm-muted guitar sound employed by bands like Meshuggah. The term was initially coined by their lead guitarist, Fredrik Thordendal. Typically, the word is used to refer to music that makes use of this sound, to the sound itself, or to the scene that revolves around it.
Development.
The Swedish band Meshuggah are considered the originators of the djent technique. However, the scene itself developed from an online community of home recording enthusiasts including Misha Mansoor whose success with Periphery brought djent "from the virtual world into the real one." Other important bands in the development of the style are Animals as Leaders, TesseracT, , Textures. & Volumes. The scene has grown rapidly and members of the original online community, including the bands Chimp Spanner and Monuments, have gone on to tour and release albums commercially.
Characteristics.
Djent as a style is characterized by progressive, rhythmic, and technical complexity. It typically features heavily distorted, palm-muted guitar chords, syncopated riffs and polyrhythms alongside virtuoso soloing. Another common feature is the use of extended range seven or eight-string guitars.
Reception.
Some members of the metal community have criticized the term 'djent', either treating it as a short-lived fad, openly condemning it, or questioning its validity as a genre. Post-metal band Rosetta said: "Maybe we should start calling doom metal 'DUNNN'." In response to a question about 'djent', Lamb of God vocalist Randy Blythe stated: "There is no such thing as 'djent,' it's not a genre." In an interview with Guitar Messenger, Periphery guitarist Misha Mansoor said:
In a later interview with Freethinkers Blog, Misha Mansoor stated that he felt djent had become "this big umbrella term for any sort of progressive band and also any band that will off-time chugs [... You also get bands like Scale the Summit are referred to as a djent band eighty percent of their stuff sounds like clean channel and it's all beautiful and pretty, you know [... In that way I think it's cool because it groups really cool bands together [...] We are surrounded by a lot of bands that I respect, but at the same time I don't think people know what djent is either [...] It's very unclear." Later in the interview he stated, "If you call us djent that's fine, I mean I would never self apply the term. But at the same time it's just so vague that I don't know what to make of it."
During an interview with got-djent.com, Sybreed guitarist Thomas "Drop" stated: "First, I don't really like the term 'djent'. It doesn't sound like 'djent-djdjdjent', more sounding like a mad duck, 'quack-quaquaquack'."
Tosin Abasi of Animals as Leaders also takes a more lenient view of the term, stating that there are specific characteristics that are common to "djent" bands, therefore implying legitimate use of the term as a genre. Whilst stating that he personally strives not to prescribe to genres, he makes the point that a genre is defined by the ability to associate common features between different artists. In this way, it is possible to view djent as a genre describing a particular niche of modern, progressive metal.

</doc>
<doc id="31005410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005410" title="Revolutionary Workers League (U.S.)">
Revolutionary Workers League (U.S.)

The Revolutionary Workers League was a small Trotskyist group in the United States in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
History.
The RWL was founded in 1976 by Peter Sollenberger and Leland Sanderson two former Harvard graduate students who had transferred to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Although Sollenberger and Sanderson were briefly contacts of the Spartacist League, neither of them was ever a member. They organized among clerical workers at the university as well as among LGBT rights groups. In 1981 they absorbed the Socialist League (Democratic-Centralist), a group of ex-adherents of Tim Wohlforth that had been expelled from the Workers League of the United States in the mid-1970s. The SL(DC), shrinking since its formation, led by Steve Zelter, and had its main base in San Francisco. By 1982 the RWL was credited with about 40 members.
The RWL supported anti-administration forces within the United Auto Workers. They backed the United Front Caucus in the November 1982 elections in Local 600 at River Rouge, Michigan, which secured 10% of the vote. It was unclear how many members the RWL had within Local 600, if it had any at all. The RWL also worked within the Peace & Freedom Party in California. There they formed a bloc with members of the Internationalist Workers Party (Fourth International) at the August 1984 convention against a majority dominated by the Communist Party USA.
Negotiations had been opened up between the RWL and the IWP(FI) since October 1982. The RWL participated in the IWP(FI)s Emergency National Trotskyist Conference in 1983 and accepted the IWP(FI)s invitation to participate in the Morenoist International Workers League (Fourth International) world congress in 1984. the RWL had been affiliated with Alan Thornetts Trotskyist International Liaison Committee from the late 1970s until at least after the Falklands War of 1982.
In 1991 a group of RWL members, including founding member Peter Sollenberger, left to form the Trotskyist League. The Revolutionary Workers League maintained a website at rwl-us.org until around 2002. It is unclear whether or not the RWL still exists.

</doc>
<doc id="31005427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005427" title="Lisa Demetz">
Lisa Demetz

Lisa Demetz (born 21 May 1989) is an Italian ski jumper, who represents as a military athlete the C.S. Esercito.
Demetz, born in Bolzano, made her debut in the Continental Cup, the highest level in women's ski jumping, on 23 July 2004 with a 11th place in Park City. She has finished among the top three 4 times, with one win and two second places.
She was selected to compete for Italy in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31005432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005432" title="Abyssal spiderfish">
Abyssal spiderfish

The abyssal spiderfish, Bathypterois longipes, is a species of deepsea tripod fish, a demersal fish living on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, even on the abyssal plain. It is one of the deepest-dwelling fish known.
This solitary fish grows about ten inches long, and has a "tripod" formation of fins both used to rest on the bottom, and to travel on the water column. It lives in extremely cold water, at temperatures of .

</doc>
<doc id="31005435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005435" title="Sum of squares">
Sum of squares

In mathematics, statistics and elsewhere, sums of squares occur in a number of contexts:

</doc>
<doc id="31005445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005445" title="Broomfield Soccer Club">
Broomfield Soccer Club

Broomfield Junior Soccer Club (BJSC), commonly known as Broomfield Soccer Club (BSC), is a youth association football (aka soccer) club based in Broomfield, Colorado, USA.
Club structure.
BSC is an independent, volunteer run, 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation which provides recreational and competitive soccer programs for the boys and girls of Broomfield as well as those of surrounding communities. The Club provides for the administration of the programs as well as the recruitment of coaches, referees, and players. Most of BSC’s activities are managed by paid staff with strategic oversight provided by a Board of Directors elected from the Club’s membership.
BSC is affiliated with Colorado State Youth Soccer Association (CYS), which is affiliated with the United States Youth Soccer Association (USYSA) which is the youth affiliate and largest member of U.S. Soccer, the governing body for soccer in the United States. In turn, US Soccer is affiliated with the Federal International Football Association (FIFA), the international governing body for soccer.
Operationally, BSC is divided into two components:
Part of BSC’s success is due to the numerous volunteers who give their time to help Broomfield youth learn to play the world's favorite past time. Many of the Club’s volunteers are parents who start with little or no soccer experience and progress with their children to become both knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the game.
Club Motto.
In March 2010, the Club officially adopted the following motto:
This motto reflects the Club’s commitment to fair play, enjoyment of the game and dual development of players’ soccer and life skills.
History.
Early years: 1974-2006.
Formed in August 1974, BSC is one of Colorado’s oldest soccer clubs with only a handful of clubs such as Denver Kickers (est 1962) and Skyline Soccer Association (est 1967) having a longer history. The Club’s original membership that first season included less than 20 players.
After almost 12 years of operation, the Club incorporated as a Colorado non-profit in June 1986.
Modern era: 2007-Present.
For several years after reorganizing as a non-profit, the Recreational and Competitive programs were operated completely independent of one another including separate boards. As part of a strategy developed in December 2007, the Club embarked upon a process to re-unify the boards and more tightly couple the programs. In September 2009, revised by-laws were put into effect which formally re-unified the Club under a single nine member Board of Directors. For Club membership, this was a big step forward because it simplified the operating structure and meant younger players (and their coaches) in the Recreational program would have greater access to the player development expertise of the Competitive program.
Additionally, the reunification set in motion three key changes. The first was the hiring of the Club’s first Executive Director (ED), Michael King, in Oct 2010. A paid position, the Executive Director was charged with all aspects of running both the Recreational and Competitive sides of the Club. Previously, the Recreational portion of the Club had largely been operated by volunteers with part time employees supporting certain activities. Given that by 2008 the Recreational area had grown to 1,500+ players, the addition of an ED was long over due. The second change was a direct outcome of the first. With an Executive Director in place, the Club’s Board began to transition to a higher level, more strategic type of organization looking to the future of the Club including assessing and assembling plans to remain competitive and relevant in Denver metro soccer scene.
The final key change was the hiring of a new Director of Coaching (DoC), Tim Hankinson in 2010 to mentor and develop not only Competitive coaches (which had been the remit of prior DoCs), but Recreational coaches as well. A former head coach for MLS’s Colorado Rapids, Hankinson’s international background working with professional and collegiate players brought a great deal of expertise and positive exposure to the Club.
Hankinson was not the first person formerly associated with the Colorado Rapids to hold the DoC post. For a brief time in 2004, former US MNT player Marcelo Balboa was the Club’s DoC, but soon departed to return to the Rapids for a front office post. Coincidentally, Hankinson and Balboa also had a history. Their paths crossed for one season in 2001, Hankinson’s first year with the Rapids and Balboa’s last. In Jan 2002 Balboa was traded by the Rapids to the NY / NJ MetroStars (now known as the New York Red Bulls) while Hankinson continued on with the Rapids for three additional seasons.
Following a productive year with Broomfield SC, Hankinson received an offer he could not refuse. On 14 Sep 2011, Hankinson was announced as the first head coach for San Antonio Scorpions FC of the North American Soccer League (NASL). After a deliberate search, a new DoC was appointed by the Club and on 09 Nov 2011, Liam Sinclair took the reins as DoC. A lifelong player, Sinclair grew up near Milton Keynes, UK and learned the game within the English youth system in the academies of professional clubs Derby County F.C. and Luton Town F.C. while also playing for county and regional select squads. With a remit similar to the prior DoC's, Sinclair's tasks included not only coach development, but future maturation of the Club's player development philosophy and system. Additional coaching expertise was soon added with Kevin Comer joining the Club on 01 Mar 2012 as Academy Director and David Castro quickly following on 30 Mar 2012 as Assistant DoC.
As the Club continued to change and expand, so did its staff with Mike King stepping down on 30 Jan 2013 following two years at the helm. After a successful search process, Sandie Hammerly was appointed the Club's 2nd Executive Director on 1 Apr 2013 bringing to the Club extensive non-profit sports experience (including posts with USA Ultimate and USA Field Hockey).
Club leadership.
As part of becoming a nonprofit, the Club designed and elected a Board of Directors led by the president. The following table lists the Club’s current and past presidents.
Crest and colours.
In the spring of 2008, the Club rebranded and adopted its current shield logo for both Recreational and Competitive. There are currently two different variations of the logo, one for the Recreational program and one for the Competitive program.
The Club’s official colors are Red and Black.
Other activities.
Tournaments.
First held in Aug 2005, the Broomfield Shootout quickly grew to become one of the largest soccer tournaments in Colorado with 275+ teams competing each year. The tournament is primarily aimed at older, Competitive teams, but also offers divisions for U9 and U10 Recreational teams. For the 2010 tournament, the organizers adopted a number of environmentally responsible practices such as trash recycling and tournament gifts and merchandise made from recycled materials. Subsequently tournament themes included nods to UEFA Euro 2012 for the Shootout's 2012 tournament and to the emerging street soccer trend for 2013.
Beyond the Broomfield Shootout, in 2012 the Club also launched the Winter Indoor Classic indoor tournament in collaboration with Colorado Edge SC. Run annually during the Christmas holiday season, the event offers divisions for U10 to high school age players.
Five-a-side League.
First held during the summer of 2009, the Broomfield Five-a-side League was one of the first of its kind in Colorado. The Club’s Five-a-side league originally included not only youth divisions (starting at U9), but adult divisions as well. For 2012, the program's design was altered to provide a short league season capped off by a tournament. As part of the changes, referees were eliminated for the league (but retained for the tournament) to encourage players to behave as they might in a "pick-up" environment (call your own fouls). The adult divisions were also scrapped to fully focus on delivering the youth portion of the program.
Camps.
First held in Jul 2010, the International Soccer Camp (ISC) aims to introduce players U11 and older to training techniques from other countries and includes international coaches. For 2012, the ISC camp was rebranded as the Pro League Camp (PLC). Additionally, starting in 2012 BSC began offering a second camp aimed at U9-U10 players called the Academy All Star Camp (AASC).

</doc>
<doc id="31005447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005447" title="Rites of Ash">
Rites of Ash

Rites of Ash is an American rock band from Washington, DC, formed in 2006 by Alex (80-two) and Lazzo.
History.
Formation (2004-2006).
The band started as an experiment between founder Lazzo and Adam Acampora while at college. During his last semester of college, founder Lazzo decided to add additional members and brought on front-man Alex (80-two). The two finished recording the debut record "Beautiful Illusions" (released in 2006). The lineup was completed in December 2005 with the addition of Fester on drums.
Beautiful Illusions (2006).
The band officially formed in September 2006 with the release of "Beautiful Illusions". This record contained 10 tracks, all with sequenced drums and bass guitar. In June 2007, Fester was replaced by Sir Deville.
Epidemic of the Mannequins (2007-2009).
Soon after drummer Sir Deville joined the band in late 2007, the band decided to re-record "Beautiful Illusions" with live drums and a more organic overall sound. Additional tracks, including a cover of Billy Joel's "Pressure", were added to the original 10 songs. A second disc was produced featuring remixed tracks by DJ Idee, DJ Paul Edge, and Pablo Manzarek (son of Ray Manzarek from 'The Doors'). A re-mixed/re-mastered version of this album was released in 2008.
Burn (2009).
Released as an early single from the forthcoming record, "Like Venom", "Burn" gained notoriety when its music video was featured in August 2009 on Fuse On-Demand. The song and video featured bassist Che Colovita (AKA Che Lemon) of Jimmie's Chicken Shack.
Like Venom (2009-2011).
Rites of Ash's third studio album and fifth overall release combined more dance and hip-hop elements. "On Tap Magazine" called this album, "Reminiscent of Linkin Park and T-Pain (if they had a love child, it would absolutely be "Like Venom"), Rites of Ash make use of technology to influence and put their sound above the rest." This album was mixed by Kevin "131" Gutierrez (Assembly Line Studios) and mastered by Bill Wolf (Wolf Productions). 
Shortly after the release of this album, the band signed with manager Billy Zero and independent record label DJ Boy Records. The album was nominated for two WAMA Awards for Best Modern Rock Group and Best Modern Rock Recording.
She's Out For Blood (2011-2013).
Rites of Ash rounded out their lineup by bringing in Tevey (drums), Toni (vocals), Tuomas (keyboards), and Ace (bass). The band released a music video for the single "Killing Me" alongside the release of the EP. The music video "Molly" was released in December 2012. In August 2012, the band was a featured artist on the Dew Tour in Ocean City, MD.
The band is currently working with Jeff Bova and Kevin "131" Gutierrez on their next full length album to be released in 2014.
Kept Me Up All Night (2013-Present).
This album features 10 dance/dubstep remixes of selected Rites of Ash's songs off of "She's Out for Blood" and the soon to be released full length LP. This record is set for release in all digital stores on August 5, 2013; remixes by Lazzo, KRNOS, and Pablo Manzarek.
In October 2013, the band welcomed their new drummer, Crash Boom Bang (band)'s MCO. In February 2014, the band was nominated for three Wammy (WAMA) Awards: Best Electronica Artist and Best Electronica Recording (which they won); Lazzo was nominated for Producer of the Year.
Awards.
Washington Area Music Association (WAMA) 
Discography.
LPs
EPs
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="31005457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005457" title="Richard Knill Freeman">
Richard Knill Freeman

Richard Knill Freeman (1840, Stepney, London – 24 June 1904) was a British architect who began his career at Derby and moved to Bolton, Lancashire in the late 1860s. His work, in Victorian Gothic style and typically recalling the Decorated Period of later medieval architecture, can be seen in several cities and towns across the north of England. He worked in total on about 140 buildings, of which about half survive in some form.
Freeman was a fellow of the Manchester Society of Architects and president of that Society from 1890-91.
Career.
Freeman's work included new churches, restorations, vicarages, schools, homes, museums, municipal buildings and hospitals. He designed additions to Southport Pier and an "Indian Pavilion" for Blackpool's North Pier in 1874. His Derby Museum, Library and Art Gallery, a gift to Derby by Michael Thomas Bass, was completed in 1876.
In 1882 he won the first competition for the Museum of Science and Art, Dublin with a design for "a building quadrangular in form, with mansard roofs" which made provision for the collection of the Royal Irish Academy; but because no Irish architect had been shortlisted there was controversy leading to a second competition in 1883, which was won by Thomas Newenham Deane & Son.
In 1878 Freeman was selected to design St. Andrew's Anglican Church in Moscow, Russia. Responding to the growth of the Moscow British community, church officials desired an English architect, and Freeman responded by submitting plans for a "typical English church in Victorian Gothic style". The church was completed in 1884.
In 1887 Freeman worked as the architect on a home in Bryerswood, Far Sawrey, delegating the job of supervising construction to his assistant, Dan Gibson. British garden designer Thomas Hayton Mawson was hired to work on the garden at the same time. On the strength of that commission, the trio went on to work in the same capacities at Graythwaite Hall, Newby Bridge, and Gibson and Mawson engaged in a brief partnership after that.
Freeman's Holy Trinity Church, Blackpool was completed in 1895, as was his church of St Lawrence in Barton, Preston. He also built St Margaret's Church in Hollingwood, did restoration work for the Worsley Church, and designed a hospital.
His son, Frank Richard Freeman (1870–1934), was also an architect. He continued his father's practice as Freeman & Son and built several churches in a style similar to his father's.

</doc>
<doc id="31005478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005478" title="Thomas &amp; Friends (series 15)">
Thomas &amp; Friends (series 15)

Thomas & Friends (previously known as Thomas the Tank Engine & Friends) is a children's television series about the engines and other characters working on the railways of the Island of Sodor, and is based on The Railway Series books written by the Rev. W. Awdry.
This was Christopher Skala's last series as executive producer. 
This article lists and details episodes from the fifteenth series of the show, which was first broadcast in 2011. This series was narrated by Michael Angelis for the UK audiences, although Michael Brandon narrates the episodes for the US audiences.
Rupert Degas joins the voice cast. This was the only series to feature Rupert Degas as Butch.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude> </onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31005526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005526" title="Tetrabromoethylene">
Tetrabromoethylene

Tetrabromoethylene is a brominated derivative of ethylene. It can be produced by oxybrominating butane with free oxygen and bromine.

</doc>
<doc id="31005549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005549" title="Dulwich Preparatory School">
Dulwich Preparatory School

Dulwich Preparatory School is a co-educational preparatory school for children aged 3 to 13 years. It is situated in 50 acres of Wealden countryside in the heart of Kent. The school has 537 pupils and is divided into three sections: Upper School (9-13 year olds), Little Stream (5-9 year olds) and Nash House (3-5 year olds).
Since September 2010, the Headmaster has been Paul David B.Ed (Hons).
History of the School.
In 1938, John Leakey, the then Headmaster of Dulwich College Preparatory School in London, established an evacuation camp in the orchard on his father-in-law's land at Coursehorn, near Cranbrook, Kent. Despite the danger in 1940, the school in London was reopened and run along with the school in Cranbrook. There were plans to move the school to the West Country, but when these fell through Dulwich Prep in Cranbrook was evacuated to Betws-y-Coed in Snowdonia (there remains a memorial planting of trees in that village in memory of this period). Meanwhile, Coursehorn was being used as a camp for the troops, and in 1944 soldiers had been gathered there in preparation for D-Day.
After the war, Mr Leakey decided to take over Coursehorn from his mother-in-law and use that as the junior boarding house when the army had vacated it. The school was then scheduled to re-open in September 1945. 
Coursehorn began with forty junior boarders (aged six to ten), who then moved on to Brightlands in Dulwich before leaving for a variety of Schools, and fifty day boys, mainly the sons of local farmers. The school has gone from strength to strength since those early beginnings and is now one of the best known and most successful prep schools in the country. 
After the retirement of John Leakey as headmaster, the position was taken over by Robin Peverett who had been teaching at the school for several years prior to his appointment as headmaster.
The school, which is run as a charitable trust, shares the same governors as Dulwich Prep London but is separate from Dulwich College, despite the historical links. The school dropped the "College" from its name in the mid 1990s, and replaced it with the local town's name, 'Cranbrook'.
Curriculum.
The curriculum follows broadly the requirements of the National Curriculum. In Years 7 & 8, pupils follow the Common Entrance syllabus in each subject. There is also an extensive programme of extra-curricular activities.
Notable Alumni.
Sophie, Countess of Wessex,
Tana Ramsay,
Olly Freeman (triathlete)
External links.
Dulwich Prep School's Website

</doc>
<doc id="31005559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005559" title="Nuestra Belleza Distrito Federal">
Nuestra Belleza Distrito Federal

Nuestra Belleza Distrito Federal is a pageant in the Distrito Federal, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
The State Organization has produced two Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholder in 1999 with Danette Velasco and 2004 with Dafne Molina.
Nuestra Belleza Distrito Federal is located at number 11 with two crowns of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Distrito Federal, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Distrito Federal contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México.

</doc>
<doc id="31005563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005563" title="George H. Prudden">
George H. Prudden

George Henry Prudden, Jr. (1893 – January 20, 1964) was an American aircraft engineer. He was instrumental in designing the first all metal aircraft in America.
Early life.
Born on 18 February 1893, George, and his brother Earl, were interested in aviation from an early age;being featured in the St.Louis Post dispatch with an airplane model of his design in 1909. By 24 June 1910, Prudden had soloed a plane of his own design based on the Wright Flyer.
Despite his flying experience George Prudden served in the 74th Field Artillery during WWI. After military service Prudden returned to education graduating in the Class of 1920 from the University of Minnesota. George was then recruited by William Bushnell Stout, to help develop the Stout ST-1 all metal torpedo bomber for the U.S. Navy. George later designed the Stout 2-AT Pullman, the first aircraft to make regularly scheduled airline flights, cargo flights, and commercial air mail flights. Henry Ford fully purchased the Stout company in 1925, making it the Stout Metal Airplane Division of the Ford Motor Company. One of Prudden's first tasks was to investigate the breakup of the USS Shenandoah on behalf of Ford. Ford was very displeased when he saw that the effort was publicised in the Detroit Free Press and cut Prudden.
In 1927, Prudden founded the Prudden-San Diego Airplane Company, to manufacture an all-metal trimotor with Ryan supplied engines. In November 1928, Prudden left the company at the height of the depression and the company was renamed to the Solar Aircraft Company. The company Prudden founded is still active as Solar Turbines Incorporated, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc..
Later, Pruden developed the Prudden-Whitehead monoplane with the Atlanta Aircraft Corporation. While in Atlanta, Prudden helped develop Candler Field, Atlanta.
In 1932, Prudden worked for Lockheed Aircraft where he helped engineer the Lockheed Vega and Lockheed Orion aircraft.
In World War II, Prudden managed the Ryan Aeronautical factory in San Diego, California.
In 1961, Pruden became the President of the "Early birds of Aviation".
He died on January 20, 1964.
Legacy.
Many of Prudden's awards were displayed in the San Diego Air & Space Museum, but were destroyed in a 1978 arson fire.

</doc>
<doc id="31005571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005571" title="A. pyramidalis">
A. pyramidalis

A. pyramidalis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005581" title="Nicolai J. Foss">
Nicolai J. Foss

Nicolai J. Foss is a Danish Professor of Strategy and Organization at Copenhagen Business School in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Biography.
He received a M.Sc. degree in economics from the University of Copenhagen in 1989, and a Ph.D. in management from the Copenhagen Business School in 1993.
Scientific work.
In addition to his professorship at Copenhagen, he is the founder and first head of the Center (now Department) of Strategic Management and Globalization there. He is also part-time Professor of Knowledge-based Value Creation at the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration, and a part-time and visiting professorship at the Lund University in Sweden, LUISS Roma in Italy, and Agder University in Norway.
He runs the Organizations and Markets blog with Peter G. Klein, professor at the University of Missouri.
Foss studies primarily strategic management, especially the theory of the firm, economic organization and social sciences methodology. He has published over 100 peer reviewed articles in scientific journals and written and edited over 20 books.
Publications.
He has published over 120 peer reviewed articles in scientific journals and written and edited over 20 books.
Peer-reviewed journal articles.
His most cited articles are...

</doc>
<doc id="31005587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005587" title="N. pyramidalis">
N. pyramidalis

N. pyramidalis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005588" title="Cyanea hamatiflora">
Cyanea hamatiflora

Cyanea hamatiflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name wetforest cyanea. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known from the islands of Maui and Hawaii, and there are probably fewer than 250 plants remaining in total. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
There are two subspecies of this species. The more abundant, ssp. "hamatiflora", is native to Maui, where there are no more than 250 individuals left and the population is dropping by at least 25% per generation. The rare ssp. "carlsonii" is now limited to 3 or 4 plants; other subpopulations and all seedlings planted in the habitat are thought to be gone.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a rainforest shrub which is palm-like in appearance. Threats to the species include degradation of the habitat and damage to plants by feral pigs, goats, cattle, rats, slugs, and exotic plant species such as selfheal ("Prunella vulgaris"), Kahili ginger ("Hedychium gardnerianum"), and velvet tree ("Miconia calvescens"). Other threats include landslides and an unidentified insect that damages the fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="31005594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005594" title="United Lutheran Church (Grand Forks, North Dakota)">
United Lutheran Church (Grand Forks, North Dakota)

The United Lutheran Church is a property in Grand Forks, North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It is an exceptional Art Deco building.
It was built during 1931-1932 and was a daring enterprise, in terms of its modern architecture and in terms of the economic times. The building is built of North Dakota brick. The top portion of the tower was added in 1941. It was designed and/or built by the father and son architectural firm of Joseph Bell DeRemer and Samuel Teel DeRemer.

</doc>
<doc id="31005598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005598" title="Peter Faber (disambiguation)">
Peter Faber (disambiguation)

Peter Faber was a French Jesuit.

</doc>
<doc id="31005614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005614" title="Battle of Hollabrunn (1809)">
Battle of Hollabrunn (1809)

The Battle of Hollabrunn was a rearguard action fought on 9 July 1809 by Austrian VI Korps of the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee Hauptarmee" under Johann von Klenau against elements of the French IV Corps of the "Grande Armée d'Allemagne", under the command of André Masséna. 
The battle ended in favour of the Austrians, with Masséna forced to break off the combat and wait for his remaining divisions to reinforce him, but the French Marshal was able to gather crucial intelligence about the intentions of his enemy.
Context and battle.
The French victory at the Battle of Wagram on 6 July forced the commander of the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee Hauptarmee", the main Austrian army, Archduke Charles of Austria-Teschen, to retreat. In spite of the defeat, the retreat was orderly and very well handled. The French, commanded by Napoleon I, were initially unsure about the exact direction, with reports saying that the Austrians were retreating towards Bohemia, but it was still unclear whether they would retreat using the road to Brünn or the road to Znaim. Other reports from, sent by General Louis-Pierre Montbrun were indicating that the Austrians were actually retreating towards Moravia. Masséna sent scouts towards Krems and the district of Horn and was able to ascertain that the enemy was not retreating in that direction, but he was unable to conclude where they would retreat. It thus took the French a few days after the battle of Wagram, before they could gather enough intelligence to really understand where the Austrians were going. However, by 8 July, things began to calrify for Napoleon, mainly due to intelligence sent by Auguste de Marmont, commander of XI Corps and the significance of a series of combats fought by elements of Masséna's Corps against the VI Korps under Klenau. These combats, fought at Korneuburg and Stocerau allowed Masséna to inform Napoleon that a large Austrian force was indeed retreating towards Bohemia.
Austrian commander Klenau, with an initial force of 18,000 men and 64 cannons had orders to delay the French pursuit. On 9 July, Klenau decided to make another stand, this time near Hollabrunn, around 55 kilometers northwest of Vienna. Following the initial skirmishes, Klenau's force was still 17,000 men strong and it now occupied a strong position. Opposite to him, Masséna only had under his immediate control General Claude Legrand's 1st division of IV Corps, the Corps cavalry under General Jacob François Marulaz and the cuirassiers from the 2nd heavy cavalry division of General Raymond-Gaspard de Bonardi de Saint-Sulpice. Masséna promptly engaged Klenau, while at the same time conducting a full reconnaissance of the battlefield, which enabled him to write to the Emperor and reconfirm that no Austrian regiments were heading towards Krems. Masséna's attacks were at first successful, but Klenau counterattacked and repulsed the French and then opposed staunch resistance to any further attacks. The outnumbered Masséna was forced to break off the combat and wait for his other three infantry divisions, knowing that Claude Carra Saint-Cyr's division would be able to rejoin him shortly, but that Gabriel Jean Joseph Molitor's and Jean Boudet's were much too far off to be of any assistance.
Aftermath.
Battle losses are unknown and, although an Austrian victory, the battle of Hollabrunn did allow Masséna to write to Napoleon and report that he was on the right track following the Austrians, whose main body was retreating along the river Laa, a tributary of the Thaya. Johann von Klenau would later be awarded the Military Order of Maria Theresa for his actions at the battle of Wagram and gallant rearguard actions after that battle. Meanwhile, Archduke Charles of Austria-Teschen regrouped a large force at Jetzeldorf, on the river Pulka river, but he later evacuated this position, after receiving intelligence that a French force was approaching Znaim from the east. The next major combat would be the one at Znaim, where the Austrians demanded an armistice.

</doc>
<doc id="31005620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005620" title="Jacqueline Seifriedsberger">
Jacqueline Seifriedsberger

Jacqueline Seifriedsberger (born 20 January 1991 in Ried im Innkreis) is an Austrian ski jumper, who represents SC Waldzell.
She was selected to compete for Austria in the 2009 World Championship and 2011 World Championship in Oslo. She also won a gold medal on normal hill at 2008 FIS Junior World Championships in Zakopane. She won one World Cup event in Sapporo and four additional podiums in her career.

</doc>
<doc id="31005634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005634" title="Murabitun">
Murabitun

Murabitun (Arabic "murābiṭūn") or Murabit ( "murābiṭ") may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31005655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005655" title="Bhavna Khatri">
Bhavna Khatri

Bhavna Khatri (born 24 March 1987) is an Indian television actress. She started her acting career with "Khwaish" on Sony TV as Tambreen and she was also seen in a famous TV serial called "Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil" which was aired on Star Plus. After "Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil" she bagged the lead role in the TV serial "Jamunia" on Imagine TV. Currently she is playing the lead role, Nirupama, in "Pardes Mein Mila Koi Apna" on Imagine TV.
Personal life.
Khatri belongs to Pithoragarh in Uttarkhand and her father is an Army officer. She has done her graduation in Psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="31005674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005674" title="Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk">
Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk

Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk (Church of Our Lady) is a common church dedication in Belgium and the Netherlands and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005692" title="Charles Touzel">
Charles Touzel

Charles John Cliff Touzel (1855 – 24 August 1899) was an English priest who became the rector of Heswall in Cheshire. In his younger days he was a rugby union player of note, representing Cambridge University and winning two international caps for England.
Early life.
Touzel was born in Birkenhead, Cheshire in 1855, and was baptised 7 June of that year. He was the only son of Charles Touzel, a superintendent for the South American Steam Navigation Company, and his wife Mary Cliff. Touzel was educated at Wellington College before matriculating to St John's College, Cambridge in 1874. He received his BA in 1878, and his MA in 1881. On receiving his BA he was ordained as a Deacon at Worcester Cathedral. He was made a priest in 1879, and was a curate of Coventry from 1878 to 1880. In 1880 he became the Rector of Heswall, until he availed himself of the provisions of "The Clerical Disabilities Relief Act 1870", and disclaimed his Orders in 1886 to study law. 
On 2 December 1886 he was admitted to the Inner Temple, though by 1888 he was a captain in the 3rd Battalion of the Royal Welsh Fusiliers. He later moved to Oswestry where he took residence at Rhysnant Hall, before returning to live in Heswall. He died at the age of 44 at Cotswold Sanatorium. In memory of Touzel one of the bells of St Peters parish church in Heswall is dedicated to him.
Rugby career.
Touzel first played rugby as a schoolboy, and was a member of the Wellington College team. On matriculating to Cambridge, he was selected for the University team gaining three sporting 'Blues' when he played in the Varsity Matches of 1874, 1875 and 1876. Described as a 'brilliant forward', Touzel saw Cambridge draw in 1874, the final 20-a-side Varsity Match, lose in 1875 and win in 1876. In 1877, while still playing for Cambridge University, he was called up to represent England in their third encounter with Ireland. Played at Kennington Oval, this was the first England game played under the new 15-a-side rules, and despite the reduction of the teams, down from 20, Touzel was one of five newly capped players. The England selectors had chosen a light forward pack to aid running with the ball, and although the Irish pack played well their poor kicking tactics allowed England to dominate, winning 2-0. 
Just over a month later, Touzel was given his second international call up, this time an away game to Scotland. The game was a dour affair, which Scotland controlled throughout. The game was decided by a long range drop goal from Scotland's Malcolm Cross, and Touzel never represented his country again. Despite the end of his international career, Touzel continued to play rugby, representing both Liverpool and Blackheath F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="31005705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005705" title="Ivan Kazanets">
Ivan Kazanets

Ivan Pavlovych Kazanets (; 12 October 1918 – 15 February 2013) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician, who served as the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Ukrainian SSR (equivalent of today's Prime Minister of Ukraine) from 1963 to 1965. He was the minister of ferrous metallurgy of the Soviet Union for almost 20 years.
Biography.
Ivan Kazanets was born in Lotsmanska village in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, central Ukraine.
Awards.
During his public service, Ivan Kazanets received numerous civil and state awards and recognitions, including the Order of Lenin (in 1957, 1958, 1966, 1968 and 1971), the Order of the October Revolution (in 1978), and 20 medals, four of which are from foreign countries. In 1996, he became a meritorious metallurgist of the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="31005712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005712" title="Barli, Vizianagaram">
Barli, Vizianagaram

Barli is a Gram panchayat in Balijipeta mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Barli is located between Bobbili town and Balijipeta, the mandal headquarters.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Barli village are as follows

</doc>
<doc id="31005713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005713" title="John Frith (disambiguation)">
John Frith (disambiguation)

John Frith was a Protestant martyr.
John Frith is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31005714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005714" title="The Walnut Tree">
The Walnut Tree

The fable of The Walnut Tree is one of Aesop's and numbered 250 in the Perry Index. It later served as foundation for a different fable based on a proverb about three things that are the better for beating, a misogynistic saying widespread in Europe that has many variants worldwide.
A fable of ingratitude.
There are two related Greek versions of the fable. Illustrating the ingratitude of those who requite good deeds with cruelty, it concerns a walnut tree (καρυα) standing by the roadside whose nuts the passers by used to knock off by throwing sticks and stones. It then complained, 'People gladly enjoy my fruits, but they have a terrible way of showing their gratitude.' Its complaint is related to a debate on gratitude that occurs in a parallel Indian story from the "Panchatantra". There a mango tree is asked whether it is lawful to return evil for good and replies that its experience of man is violent treatment despite providing him with fruit and shade. On the other hand, the 18th century German rationalist, Gotthold Ephraim Lessing, questioned whether there are real grounds for gratitude in his fable of "The Oak Tree and the Swine". The pig feeding at the foot of an oak is reproached for its motives of pure greed by the tree and replies that it would only feel grateful if it could be sure that the oak had scattered the acorns there out of love for it.
The Greek fable was later the subject of an epigram by Antipater of Thessalonica:
This in turn gave rise to Latin versions, in one of which the tree is represented as being pelted with rods. There was also a much longer poem, at one time ascribed to Ovid but now thought to be an imitation, in which the nut tree complains at length of the violent way in which it is despoiled. In this more leisurely work of 182 lines, as well as Aesop's fable of the nut tree being the subject, there is a glance at another concerning The Travellers and the Plane Tree. While the fruit tree is treated with no respect, ‘barren plane trees have more honour for the shade they provide’ ("at postquam platanis sterilem praebentibus umbram uberior quavis arbore venit honor").
In Renaissance times the fable was taken up by the compilers of emblem books, starting with the originator of this genre, Andrea Alciato. Eventually numbered 193 in the many editions of his "Emblemata", it bore the device "In fertilitatem sibi ipsi damnosam" (fruitful to its own ruin), deriving from the last line of the original epigram by Antipater. Many of the illustrations accompanying this feature boys stoning the tree and gathering its fruit from the ground. In others, however, youths are shown with substantial sticks in their hands, as in the illustration here, and so suggest the folk belief that beating it made the tree more fruitful.
The proverb of a woman, an ass and a walnut tree.
A few decades before Alciato first published his emblem, Aesop's fable had served as basis for an independent version by Laurentius Abstemius in his "Hecatomythium", published in the 1490s. Numbered 65, "De nuce, asino et muliere" describes how a woman asked the abused tree 'why it was so foolish as to give more and better nuts when struck by more and stronger blows? The tree replied: Have you forgotten about the proverb that goes: Nut tree, donkey and woman are bound by a similar law; these three things do nothing right if you stop beating them.' The moral that Abstemius draws from it is that people talk too much for their own good. 
The Italian proverb based on this lore was perpetuated in Britain for the next two centuries. George Pettie's translation of the "Civil Conversations" of Stefano Guazzo (1530–93), a book first published in Italy in 1574, records that he had once come across the proverb 'A woman, an ass and a walnut tree, Bring more fruit, the more beaten they be'. What is now the better known English version appears shortly after in the works of John Taylor, 
Roger L'Estrange includes Abstemius' story in his "Fables of Aesop and Other Eminent Mythologists" a century later. His shortened version runs: 'A Good Woman happen'd to pass by, as a Company of Young Fellows were Cudgelling a Wallnut-Tree, and ask'd them what they did that for? This is only by the Way of Discipline, says one of the Lads, for 'tis natural for Asses, Women, and Wallnut-Trees to Mend upon Beating.' L'Estrange's idiomatic comment, 'Spur a Jade a Question, and he'll Kick ye an Answer,' indicates his opinion of the sentiment. People's conversation will betray their true quality. Edmund Arwaker, on the other hand, gives the story another twist in his versified telling of the fables, "Truth in Fiction" (London, 1708). The talkative woman questions the tree in the course of a solitary walk and it replies in this way in order to silence her. 
Whatever may have been people's opinion of how well a woman, ass or dog respond to punishment, the belief that this was beneficial in the case of walnut trees persisted. One encyclopaedia of superstions reports that in country districts 'it was a common persuasion that whipping a walnut tree tended to increase the produce and improve the quality of the fruit’ and that this took place in early spring. Another explanation is that 'the old custom of beating a walnut-tree was carried out firstly to fetch down the fruit and secondly to break the long shoots and so encourage the production of short fruiting spurs.’

</doc>
<doc id="31005748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005748" title="Juliane Seyfarth">
Juliane Seyfarth

Juliane Seyfarth (born 19 February 1990) is a German ski jumper, who represents WSC 07 Ruhla.
She made her debut in the Continental Cup, the highest level in women's ski jumping, on 23 July 2004 with a 13th place in Park City. She has finished among the top three 15 times, with seven wins and seven second places.
On 5 February 2006, she became the first official junior world champion, after winning the 2006 Junior World Championship in Kranj.
She was selected to compete for Germany in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31005765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005765" title="Elizabeth Bowes (disambiguation)">
Elizabeth Bowes (disambiguation)

Elizabeth Bowes was an English Protestant.
Elizabeth Bowes is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31005766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005766" title="Jerome B. Robinson">
Jerome B. Robinson

Jerome B. Robinson (b. February 28, 1937) is an American freelance writer and photographer. 
He grew up in New Jersey, studied at Blair Academy in Blairstown, New Jersey and then Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. During his sophomore year, he left Dartmouth and pursued a career in journalism. He lived and wrote in Maine although ultimately returned to the Upper Valley region of New Hampshire where he has spent much of his life.
His writings have been for outdoor publications and cover trips of all types throughout North America and Canada as well as destinations in Mexico, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and Scandinavia. He was the Gundogs Editor and a feature writer at "Sports Afield" from 1970 to 1990 and wildlife-management columnist at "Field & Stream" since 1990. His photo-illustrated feature articles have also appeared in "Outdoor Life", among other publications. 
As the Gundogs Editor of Sports Afield magazine, he traveled extensively around the United States interviewing trainers. His monthly column was noted for its direct investigations of how the nation's best gundog trainers work. He has written hundreds of popular dog training articles which have been published in Sports Afield and other national magazines. 
He is an outdoorsman as well as a knowledgeable advocate of both wildlife management and gun safety. His popular series of Tips, Tricks, and Advice for Field & Stream covered a vast array of fields from boating and fishing to hunting, camping, hunting camp projects, dog training, conservation, and safety. His gundog training books are complete guides to using proven successful training methods that are logical and simple to follow. Finally, many of his Canadian assignments were by invitation of the Canadian Bureau of Tourism. While on assignments in Canada, he often worked with indigenous guides (North American Indian and Inuit).
His books include:
Mr. Robinson is the father of five children who are now grown and accomplished in their own rights. He lives with his wife of 40 years, a photographer, in Lyme, New Hampshire. Together they enjoy an active lifestyle and continue to spend lots of time enjoying the outdoors.

</doc>
<doc id="31005786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005786" title="Alipur Farash">
Alipur Farash

Alipur Farash or "Frash Town" is a settlement in Islamabad, located on the Lehtrar road approx. 17km (25 minutes) from Rawal lake and 9km (17 minutes) from Chak Shahzad. Frash Town is a Capital Development Authority approved model urban shelter scheme.
As of 2011 there were approximately 2,000 homes in the town. Despite the fact that the scheme is one of the CDA's "model villages" it resembles a typical unplanned settlement with nominal municipal facilities. Alipur Farash residents have been facing problems due to shortage of drinking water, poor sewerage and lack of other basic facilities.
According to unofficial figures, there are 28 'katchi abadis' in Islamabad inhabited by more than 70,000 dwellers in worst living conditions. Under the urban shelter programme, CDA has acknowledged 10 'katchi abadis' for provision of basic facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="31005792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005792" title="2011 Cyprus Cup">
2011 Cyprus Cup

The 2011 Cyprus Cup was the fourth edition of the Cyprus Cup, an invitational women's football tournament held annually in Cyprus. 
Format.
The twelve invited teams were split into three groups that played a round-robin tournament. The main eight entrants were identical to the previous year. 
Groups A and B, containing the strongest ranked teams, were the only ones in contention to win the title. The group winners from A and B contested the final, with the runners-up playing for third place. The Group C winner faced the better 3rd place team from Groups A and B for 5th, with the Group C runner-up facing the other 3rd place team for 7th. Group C's 3rd place team faced the better 4th place team of Groups A and B, while the other two 4th place teams played in the 11th place match.
Points awarded in the group stage follow the standard formula of three points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss. In the case of two teams being tied on the same amount of points in a group, their head-to-head result determined the higher place.
Group stage.
All times local (EET/UTC+2)
Group A.
Scotland's 2–0 victory against England was only their second win in the history of the fixture and their first since 1977.
Placement play-offs.
All times local (EET/UTC+2)

</doc>
<doc id="31005810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005810" title="Henry Thingstad">
Henry Thingstad

Henry Thingstad (9 April 1916 – 19 May 1943) was a Norwegian sports official and communist resistance member.
He was born in Trondhjem to a mother from Skogn and a father from Tynset. Both died before Thingstad turned twenty. He was a watchmaker by profession. Before the Second World War he was active in the workers' sports club Arbeidernes TF and the Workers' Confederation of Sports. He chaired the district workers' sports organization in Sør-Trøndelag from 1938 to 1940. He also chaired the workers' sports club SK Ørnulf. In 1939 he supported the merger between the workers' and bourgeois sports organizations, in order to create a unity front against fascism.
He had been a member of the Young Communist League of Norway since 1931. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, Thingstad was one of the first to participate in the Norwegian resistance movement in Trøndelag, with the "Thingstad Group". His resistance activity was communist by nature, spurred by the banning of the Communist Party of Norway in August 1940. The Nazis had an active provocateur and infiltrator in Trøndelag, Henry Rinnan, who managed to unveil most of the communist resistance leaders in the district in October and November 1941. Thingstad had then participated in a failed assassination attempt on Rinnan. From early 1942 Thingstad became a part of the district leadership and underground central committee of the Communist Party.
Thingstad was captured in February 1943 after involvement from Rinnan. He was subjected to torture. He was imprisoned in Vollan concentration camp. A German court-martial sentenced him to death on 4 May 1943, and he was executed at Kristiansten Fortress together with ten other people on 19 May. His body was not disposed of, but buried in the Nidaros Cathedral graveyard. Tore Pryser's book "Klassen og nasjonen 1935-1946" featured a goodbye letter Thingstad wrote in his cell.

</doc>
<doc id="31005825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005825" title="Pierin">
Pierin

The Pierin are a space-faring species in the Known Space universe created by writer Larry Niven and others.
In the books, and games inspired by the books, they are a rare multi-limbed species that developed on a planet with lower gravity than Earth, thus they spend much time in the air. They have horns on their heads and wide membranous wings. They speak in raspy screeches and atonal clicks. Pierin are described as curious and friendly to the point of being nosy. They were able to develop a small space-faring civilization before being enslaved by the Kzin.
Their planet of origin is known as Pierin, orbiting a star in the constellation Reticulum. At some point Human beings tried to ally with them against the Kzin. They eventually were liberated from slavery during the Man-Kzin wars.

</doc>
<doc id="31005829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005829" title="Mulberry Creek (Alabama)">
Mulberry Creek (Alabama)

Mulberry Creek in Alabama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005839" title="John Nava">
John Nava

John Nava may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005875" title="Nuestra Belleza Durango">
Nuestra Belleza Durango

Nuestra Belleza Durango is a pageant in Durango, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2000 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization hasn't had a national winner in Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Durango, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Durango contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31005885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005885" title="Jerome Anderson">
Jerome Anderson

Jerome Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31005909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005909" title="Buji Station">
Buji Station

Buji Station () is a station of Longgang Line and Huanzhong Line, Shenzhen Metro. It was opened at Dec 28, 2010. Together with the co-located Shenzhen East Railway Station and two bus stations, it forms the Buji Transport Hub.

</doc>
<doc id="31005922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005922" title="DTI Data">
DTI Data

DTI Data is 
a data recovery company with cleanrooms located in New York and Florida. In addition to recovering hard drives and RAID arrays, they also have a number of free and paid recovery software. Some of DTI's customers include Cisco Systems, Ford Motor Company, Campbell's Soup, NASA, United States Army, United States Navy, United States Marine Corps, and United States Air Force. 

</doc>
<doc id="31005923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005923" title="Steve Nesin">
Steve Nesin

Steve Nesin (born 17 April 1960) is a Canadian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels as a striker.
Early and personal life.
Nesin was born in Novi Sad, SFR Yugoslavia.
Career.
Club career.
Nesin played in the NASL for the Vancouver Whitecaps and the San Diego Sockers, also representing the latter in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
International career.
Nesin earned three caps for the Canadian national side in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31005971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005971" title="Pentax DA* 55mm lens">
Pentax DA* 55mm lens

The SMC Pentax-DA* 55mm f/1.4 SDM lens is a professional prime lens for the Pentax K-mount. It is designed for portrait use with a 35mm equivalent focal length of 82.5mm. The lens features weather sealing, an SDM ultrasonic motor for quiet autofocus, and has 9 rounded diaphragm blades for smoother bokeh. However, the autofocus accuracy varies by camera body and is not especially fast.

</doc>
<doc id="31005987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005987" title="Mulberry Creek (Alabama River)">
Mulberry Creek (Alabama River)

Mulberry Creek is a waterway in central Alabama, United States. It rises in Chilton County and farther downstream forms the boundary between Dallas and Autauga counties. It is a tributary of the Alabama River.

</doc>
<doc id="31005988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005988" title="Chris Frank">
Chris Frank

Chris Frank (born January 8, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for the Melbourne Ice in the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL). Frank was selected by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 7th round (188th overall) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Frank joined the Melbourne Ice on March 20, 2013, after formerly playing for the Cardiff Devils in the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL), following a season with Elmira Jackals in the ECHL. Frank is contracted to play with the Braehead Clan of the EIHL for the 2013-14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31005994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005994" title="Oakhurst Dairy">
Oakhurst Dairy

Oakhurst Dairy is a company in the dairy industry that sells mostly milk products, as well as juices. It was founded in 1921, and is headquartered in Portland, Maine.
History.
The company's earliest predecessor was a dairy farm founded in 1902 by Arthur Leadbetter, located in Portland. The name was changed to Oakhurst in 1918, and in 1921 Stanley Bennett, who had been employed to manage the operation in 1920, bought the farm with financing from a local businessman, Nathan Cushman. At the time, Oakhurst delivered its milk via horse-drawn wagons over two routes. By 1923, the company had expanded to deliver milk over twelve routes and in 1929 there were 28 routes, including two dedicated to selling milk wholesale.
During its early years, Oakhurst focused on providing milk of higher quality than competing firms, and frequently inspected conditions at its farms and processing facilities. In 1933, Oakhurst began testing its milk for tuberculin, the first dairy in the US to do so.
By the 1940s, Oakhurst increasingly expanded its business of selling milk wholesale, to organizations such as IGA, A&P, regional schools and the Maine General Hospital. In 1941, Oakhurst came under the complete control of the Bennett family, who by that time owned all the company's stock. In 1954, Oakhurst completed an expansion of its processing plant, allowing it to produce up to 40,000 quarts of milk a day, a three-fold increase over its previous capacity.
In 1976, the company ended home delivery of milk, citing their inability to make a profit on the operation due to increasing costs. In 1977, Oakhurst bought Sanford Dairy, the first of several acquisitions of smaller dairies in the 1970s and 80s. In 1988, the company was faced with an antitrust lawsuit from Fitzpatrick Dairy, one such smaller company. In 1990, Oakhurst was ordered to pay $1.9 million to the Fitzpatrick's former owner.
In 2003, Oakhurst was faced with a lawsuit from Monsanto over Oakhurst's label on its milk cartons that said "Our farmer's pledge: no artificial hormones," referring to the use of bovine somatotropin (rBST), a drug that increases milk production and that Monsanto sells. Monsanto argued that the label implied that Oakhurst milk was superior to milk from cows treated with rBST, which harmed Monsanto's business. The two companies settled out of court, and it was announced that Oakhurst would add the word "used" at the end of its label, and note that the US FDA claims there is no major difference between milk from rBST-treated and non rBST-treated cows. Oakhurst does not use rBST in its milk.
In January 2014 Oakhurst was acquired by Dairy Farmers of America, an agricultural marketing cooperative based in Kansas City, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="31005998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31005998" title="Cinsay Inc.">
Cinsay Inc.

"Cinsay Inc." is an American-based company with offices in Los Angeles, Dallas, Austin and New York City, that integrates video on demand with e-commerce, merchandising and marketing for its various clients across numerous industries, from energy to entertainment.
History.
Cinsay was founded in 2007 by Chairman Christian Briggs and CCO Delfino Galindo.
Its software platform consists of a video player that is accessible through most web browsers, featuring original video content that is syndicated and spread virally over the internet, viewable on any PC and most mobile devices, including smartphones, tablet computers and iPads. The player allows customers to email links of the video, post the videos in a single player that contains multiple videos and an entire e-commerce store within the player in popular social networks such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn as well as foreign services such as China based-Baidu. Customers and fans are also able to embed the video through HTML into their personal blogs and websites with the same functionality as the original player.
Customers can browse and place orders through an integrated and fully functional e-commerce site through the video player. Cinsay seeks to convert the viewers of its clients' video channels into customers, while reaching a wider audience by making the clips available on social networking sites. Customers can earn also discounts and earn credits to view video content. Through this model, Cinsay intends to allow its clients to reach a wider audience, as well as freeing resources from web traffic efforts and allowing the client to concentrate on promotions like discounts, free merchandise and free video content. 
Cinsay offers an end-to-end online entertainment and shopping solution for its clients by accounting for and fulfilling orders placed through its platform.
Andretti Autosport partnered with Cinsay in 2014 to create and launch AndrettiTV.com. The site features live and archived video from IndyCar races and the Andretti race facility in Indianapolis, Indiana. Cinsay also sponsors the Cinsay / AndrettiTV IndyCar no. 34 driven by Carlos Muñoz for Andretti. Cinsay was selected by Yahoo as a featured app for the Small Business section on Yahoo's Commerce Central. In May, 2014, Suretone Entertainment announced a partnership with Cinsay to develop a global music portal Suretonelive.com, featuring artists on the Suretone label such as Fleetwood Mac, ZZ Top, Blink 182 and others. 
Executive Team and Board Members.
Members of the company's board of directors and its executives are a varied group of tech, finance, big retail, and entertainment industry veterans. Cinsay founder, Chairman and CEO Christian Briggs (Dallas) not only sits as the company's chairman, but also is chairman and CEO of BMC Capital. He has more than 25 years of hard asset management experience specializing in rare antiquities such as coins, books, and classic cars. Briggs also made previous investments in other technology and entertainment start-ups in the past. 
Rick Spitz, chief technology officer, co-founded internet marketing company ReachLocal and is an alumnus of Boston University, the University of Massachusetts Lowell and Clemson University. He also took online gaming site WorldWinner.com from startup to a full fledged company that serves more than 5 million players, and as vice president of product development for Decalog Inc., he worked with financial companies including Citicorp, Warburg Pincus and AXA. Spitz also served as vice president of software, leading software development in its System 7 operating system, PowerPC platforms and QuickTime multimedia software.
CIO, Todd Downing previously served as Director of Product Management for Cinsay. Before joining the company, he was responsible for Global Online Capabilities for Dell in Austin, TX. He has also served in key technology positions at Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Belo Interactive and Neiman Marcus..
Board member Eugene Terekov manages Direct Foreign Investments for the CentroCredit Bank (Russia) and its clients. He began working with CentroCredit Bank in 2006, where he was the head of risk and distressed assets. In his positions with CentroCredit Bank, Mr. Terekhov has acted as a director on the boards of various companies during LBO/MBO and turnaround transactions. Prior to that, Mr. Terekhov worked with Centrogarant Insurance Group from 2001 through 2004, focusing on major corporate clients in energy, aviation, and construction. Previous to working with Centrogarant, he worked with Ramenka as a marketing manager from 1997 to 1998, and prior to that he worked with Hoffland Environmental, Inc./ AETE from 1994 to 1997, which had offices in Minsk, Belarus, and Moscow, Russia. Mr. Terekhov holds a Master of Energy Engineering from Belarusian National Technical University and a Master of Business Administration from Duke Universtiy – The Fuqua School of Business.
Board member Stephen O. Rossetti is president of Markquest, a defense and national security industry-focused governmental affairs and lobbying firm. He was a former senior staff member of the United States House Committee on Armed Services from 1987 to 1996 and lead staffer of the readiness subcommittee where he oversaw the infrastructure of the United States Department of Defense and combat readiness with $100 billion in annual spending. 
Board member and co-founder Delfino Galindo was a freelance image and brand consultant to Fortune 500 companies. His clients include Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Volkswagen, Jeep and DDB Needham. Galindo has also worked directly with entertainment figure Erykah Badu, entertainment company Def Jam Recordings and NASCAR have also utilized his services. 
Vice Chairman of the board of directors Leslie Ball was most recently the CEO and president of Corral West Ranchwear. Under his guidance, the company is one of the largest retailers of western and workware and grew to 140 locations in the US. At Montgomery Ward Corporation, Ball was President of Softgoods and Foreign Offices as well as Executive Vice President, where he headed its apparel business. His retail experience also encompasses another 22 years in various executive roles at R.H. Macy, Inc, including President of Macy’s East, President of Macy’s Wholesale, President of Macy’s South, and Chairman and CEO of Macy’s Midwest. 
Jim Roundtree is Cinsay's CFO and sits on its board of directors. He was recently on the board of managers for Capital Lending Strategies, LLC (a web-based automobile loan company serving credit union clients nationwide) and its CFO. He also served as CFO and as a director for FirstPlus Financial Group, Inc (FirstPlus). Prior to working with Capital Lending Strategies, LLC, Roundtree was self-employed as a consultant. He also worked in public accounting with Ernst & Young providing attestation services to financial institutions before consulting.
Board member Tim Rothwell is IMG's former executive vice president and co-managing director of worldwide licensing and consumer products. Prior to that, he was president of worldwide consumer products for comic book publisher Marvel Entertainment, leading the licensing and merchandising of its most recognizable characters — Spider-Man, The Hulk, Fantastic Four, X-Men, Iron Man and others, totaling more than $5 billion in sales. He was instrumental in deals with Hasbro, Activision and Microsoft. Rothwell also was consumer products group senior vice president for Universal Studios.
"Red" McCombs is a self-made billionaire, making his fortune in is the founder of the Red McCombs Automotive Group, a co-founder of Clear Channel Communications and listed as one of Forbes magazine's top 400 richest Americans in 2005. He is an alum of Southwestern University and the University of Texas at Austin. The McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin bears his name. McCombs is also active in bringing Formula One auto racing to Austin. The San Antonio Spurs, Denver Nuggets, and the Minnesota Vikings were formerly owned by McCombs. He is also a former National Football League Owner of the Year. McComb's other awards include San Antonio Business Hall of Famer, Texas Business Hall of Famer and National College Football Hall of Famer. He joined the board of Cinsay following the "strategic investment" of the McCombs in the company. McComb's family foundation gives over 300 monetary gifts each year to community, education, and health-oriented charities. Total contributions from the foundation are about $100 million. In addition to the The McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin, McComb contributed $30 million to the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, founding The Red and Charline McCombs Institute for the Early Detection and Treatment of Cancer in 2005.
Board member Carey Metz is a former managing partner and chief investment officer of Whiteside Energy, LP since its founding in 2007. Prior to Whiteside, he was co-founder of Alpha Energy Partners from 2004 and 2007, and was part of the inaugural energy trading team at Citadel Investment Group from 2003 to 2004. His career in the energy arena began in 1997 at Houston Pipe Line Company and continued with American Electric Power through 2003 after its acquisition of Houston Pipe Line Company. He attended the University of Texas at Dallas as an undergraduate and holds an MBA from the University of Chicago.
Clients.
Cinsay Inc,'s video player and e-commerce platform, and IMG's licensees—made up of name brand companies and entertainment personalities—came together in a deal completed on February 2011 .
Clients that Cinsay now serves through the IMG deal include Chevron/Texaco, World Series of Poker, talk show host Montel Williams, TV personality Elisabeth Hasselbeck's skincare products, Chicken Soup for the Soul, Kim Alexis's skincare collection, All-American Soapbox Derby, and Health Essist among others.
Artist Thomas Kinkade was also the company's client. Philanthropic organization Elevation Nation is also serviced by the company.
AOiTV, the 2009 American Music Awards, Swisa Beauty, MilitaryShoppingChannel.com, First Collectables, Europa Sports Products, Cinsaytions, and Regenica also use Cinsay's e-commerce, video on demand and media player platform.

</doc>
<doc id="31006003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006003" title="Borce Gjurev">
Borce Gjurev

Borce Gjurev (born 2 August 1969) is a Cypriot former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.
Career.
Gjurev played professional club football in Germany, Belgium and Cyprus for FC 08 Homburg, Genk and Ethnikos Achna.
He also earned three caps for the Cypriot national side between 2000 and 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31006014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006014" title="List of Primeira Liga hat-tricks">
List of Primeira Liga hat-tricks

This article displays a list of Primeira Liga hat-tricks. The goals scored represent players who have scored three goals (a hat-trick) or more in a single league match in Portugal's top football division. The players displayed in the article who have scored hat-tricks are listed from the 1985–86 Primeira Divisão season onwards. As of October 2012, 171 Forwards, 18 Midfielders and 3 defenders have scored hat-tricks in the Primeira Liga's top division since the 1985–86 season.
Since the 1985–86 season, more than one hundred players have scored hat-tricks in Portugal's top division. Six players have scored more than three goals in a match; of these, two players, Fernando Gomes and Mário Jardel have scored five. Brazilian striker Mário Jardel has scored a record thirteen hat-tricks. Fernando Gomes holds the record for the quickest Primeira Liga hat-trick, netting three times against Farense in seven minutes on the 29 May 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31006018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006018" title="Lew Cirne">
Lew Cirne

Lewis Karl "Lew" Cirne (born February 21, 1970) is a Canadian-American Silicon Valley-based technologist and entrepreneur who promotes software analytics technology. 
Cirne pioneered application performance management (APM) software technology as the founder and CEO of Wily Technology, which was acquired by CA, Inc. in March 2006. 
Cirne founded the company New Relic in 2008. 
Career.
Lew Cirne was raised in Port Hope, Ontario. His parents, Geoff and Jean Cirne, were immigrants to Canada from Manchester, England. Cirne attended Trinity College School and in 1993 received an A.B. from Dartmouth College with a major in Computer Science. 
In 1998, Cirne founded Wily Technology. He was responsible for developing Wily Technology's vision of enterprise class application performance management and is credited with bringing it to the Java platform. Cirne was one of the chief technologists and driving force in enterprise application performance and availability. He served as Wily Technology's President and Chief Executive Officer until October 2001. 
Cirne held senior technical positions at Apple and Hummingbird Communications. After eight years of growth, Wily was acquired by CA for $375 million in March 2006.
Cirne holds patents in the area of software related to application performance management, some of which were sold in the acquisition in 2006 of Wily Technology by CA, Inc.
In 2008, Cirne began focusing on the software as a service model while an entrepreneur in residence for Benchmark Capital and founded New Relic. New Relic is a SaaS provider of Web application performance management. New Relic's technology monitors Web and mobile applications in real-time that run in cloud, on-premise, or hybrid environments. 
"New Relic" is an anagram of Lew Cirne's name.
Contributions.
Cirne is a pioneer in the development of application performance management. He holds 19 patents in this area of expertise. Cirne has also made major contributions to several other software systems.
In 2006, Cirne and Wily chairman David Strohm announced a $1 million gift to Dartmouth College. The gift supported the creation of an endowed scholarship called the Wily Scholars Fund, and to establish a fund for undergraduate internships in early-stage technology companies, called the Wily Initiative Fund. 
Cirne is sometimes referred to as the 'Coding CEO.' He dedicates every Thursday and Friday to coding. Cirne has been known to take week-long coding retreats at his Lake Tahoe cabin, often inviting New Relic developers.
Accolades.
Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2013 Finalist in Northern California. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006023" title="Hungarian Rhapsody No. 10">
Hungarian Rhapsody No. 10

Hungarian Rhapsody no. 10 in E major, S.244/10, is a composition for solo piano by Franz Liszt. It is tenth in the set of his Hungarian Rhapsodies, and is subtitled "Preludio", although this name is not commonly used. It, along with the rest of the first fifteen rhapsodies, were published in 1853. 
Composition.
After a brief introduction with three glissando-like passages in a rather free time, the tempo changes to "Andante deciso", and the instantly recognizable, lighthearted and carefree first theme is introduced. After a cadenza, the tempo changes to "Allegretto capriccioso" and a much darker theme is introduced, this time in the parallel minor of E minor. Despite the fact that it is a much darker theme, the carefree feel of the piece remains. After some time, there is a fairly long cadenza filled with trills between the hands, as the key modulates freely. The glissando-like passages return to be a repeated theme for the rest of the piece, especially when the tempo changes to a much faster "Vivace" and the key changes to C major. This results in many glissandos, sometimes in both hands. After this, the darker second theme returns in E minor, this time "sempre forte brioso", meaning "always loud and spirited". Before the end of the piece, the key changes back to E major, the original key, and a new theme is introduced. The piece ends in loud, booming chords in both hands. Typical performance time is around 5 minutes.
The piece is one of the more popular Hungarian Rhapsodies.

</doc>
<doc id="31006037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006037" title="WinHex">
WinHex

WinHex is a hex editor useful in data recovery and forensics.

</doc>
<doc id="31006047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006047" title="Rock for Kids">
Rock for Kids

Rock For Kids is a nonprofit organization based in Chicago, Illinois. Honorary board members include Martin Atkins of Invisible Records, Andrew Bird, Jon Langford, Johnny Marr of Modest Mouse and the Smiths, Nan Warshaw co-owner of Bloodshot Records and Joe Shanahan owner of Metro Chicago.
"Mission".
Rock For Kids provides music education to underserved children in Chicago, sparking creativity and passion, teaching critical thinking, supporting academic achievement and enriching young lives.
"Organization History".
Rock For Kids was founded in 1988 as "Christmas is For Kids" by volunteers in Chicago's music and entertainment industry. Initially a grassroots effort to raise money for holiday gifts for homeless children, often by employees of local promoters Jam Productions, the charity changed its name and focus in 2000 to Rock For Kids. In response to music budget cuts in the schools, the founders of Rock For Kids changed their mission to provide music education to Chicago Public School students at risk and in need. Starting with one group of 20 students, Rock For Kids has grown to serve over 1000 students annually.
On July 22, 2010 Metro Chicago celebrated its 28th Anniversary by releasing a live benefit compilation called featuring The Flaming Lips, Guided By Voices, Sleater-Kinney, The Decemberists, Indigo Girls, Alejandro Escovedo, The Sea and Cake, Tortoise (band), Alkaline Trio, Billy Corgan, Jimmy Chamberlin and Kurt Elling. Proceeds from the sale of the compilation CD benefit Rock For Kids.
Rock For Kids is a licensed Illinois 501(c)(3) organization.
"The Program".
Rock For Kids supplies year-round music education classes to Chicago Public School students living and attending school in under resourced neighborhoods by contracting professional music teachers, purchasing instruments and sheet music and providing a comprehensive 32 week music education curriculum with measurable goals in the areas of: music theory and history, vocal technique, music analysis, public performance and creative and artistic development. Rock For Kids also offers Songwriting/Production classes and Blues workshop as these genres of music are underrepresented in education and are culturally relevant to the students involved.
"External Links".
www.rockforkids.org

</doc>
<doc id="31006048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006048" title="Hazeltons">
Hazeltons

Hazeltons is a solo album released by Bon Iver frontman Justin Vernon. The album was released in 2006, before Vernon's creation of the Bon Iver outfit. Hazeltons was recorded while Vernon lived in Eau Claire, Wisconsin while playing in the band DeYarmond Edison. There were only one hundred copies of the album ever pressed; it remains one of his most rare and hardest to find releases.

</doc>
<doc id="31006055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006055" title="Combat of Schöngrabern">
Combat of Schöngrabern

The Combat of Schöngrabern was a relatively minor rearguard action fought by Austrian V Korps and supporting elements of the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee Hauptarmee" under Prince Heinrich XV of Reuss-Plauen against elements of the French IV Corps of the "Grande Armée d'Allemagne", under the command of Claude Legrand.
The brief combat ended in favour of the French but Reuss did manage to delay the French sufficiently in order to prevent them from getting to the battle of Znaim on 10 July.
Context and battle.
Following Johann von Klenau's successful Austrian rearguard action at Hollabrunn the day before, Austrian Prince Reuss, commander of V Korps, to which several additional units were attached for a total of 27,000 men and 32 cannons, took position near Schöngrabern. Reuss's orders were to form a rearguard and delay the enemy before him, preventing them from arriving at Znaim, where the main Austrian force was massed and combat was set to begin. Opposite to Reuss lay the vanguard of the Marshal André Masséna's IV Corps, under the overall command of General Legrand. Legrand's command was 11,000 men and 24 cannons strong and included the 1st division of IV Corps and the Corps cavalry. Masséna's orders were to push on towards Haugsdorf and then head to Znaim where General Auguste de Marmont's XI Corps had made contact with the enemy's main force.
Masséna sent his cavalry, as well as Legrand's and Claude Carra Saint-Cyr's infantry divisions towards Haugsdorf, while leaving Jean Boudet's division at Stockerau and Gabriel Jean Joseph Molitor's division in between. Executing his orders, Legrand moved forward but, towards 09:00, encountered staunch opposition towards Schöngrabern, a village in front of which Reuss had left a rearguard of 6,000. It took Legrand some time before he was able to take the position, with the Austrians leading a superb fighting retreat. Losses following this battle are unknown but it is clear that Masséna's march to Znaim had been delayed, as towards 20:00, he had to stop at Jetzlsdorf, with the divisions of Legrand, Carra Saint-Cyr and his cavalry after these troops had been fighting and then marching all day. The delaying action at Schöngrabern meant that Masséna was only able to arrive to the battle of Znaim on 11 July. However, Reuss also had difficulties in containing Masséna and was himself only able to arrive at Znaim late on the evening of 10 July. Masséna and Reuss would face each other again on 11 July, at the battle of Znaim.

</doc>
<doc id="31006087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006087" title="John Nava (painter)">
John Nava (painter)

John Nava (born 1947) is an American painter and tapestry designer. His most famous work is "The Communion of Saints", a series of tapestry panels in the interior of the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in Los Angeles.
Career.
Nava studied at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and went on to graduate study at the Villa Schifanoia Graduate School of Fine Art in Florence, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31006100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006100" title="Thomas Wolf">
Thomas Wolf

Thomas Wolf, Thomas Wolfe or "variant" may refer to:
Wolf.
Thomas Wolf or "variant" may refer to:
Wolfe.
Thomas Wolfe or "variant" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31006107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006107" title="Xinyi Songde Station">
Xinyi Songde Station

Taipei Metro Xinyi Songde Station is a planned station on the Xinyi Line located in Xinyi, Taipei, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open at the end of 2017.
Station overview.
The station is planned to be an underground station located slightly east of the Xinyi Road and Songde Road intersection under Xinyi Road. It will be built as part of Xinyi Line's Eastern Extension.

</doc>
<doc id="31006113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006113" title="Dan D'Antoni">
Dan D'Antoni

Lewis Joseph “Dan” D’Antoni II (born July 9, 1947) is an Italian-American former basketball player and current head coach for the Marshall Thundering Herd men's basketball team. He was previously an assistant coach under his younger brother, Mike D'Antoni, with the NBA's Phoenix Suns, New York Knicks, and Los Angeles Lakers.
Playing career.
Born in Mullens, West Virginia, D'Antoni played college basketball at Marshall University from 1966-1970. He was the Thundering Herd's starting point guard from 1968-70. He led the Herd with a 17.5 scoring average in 1968-69. In 1990, he was inducted into the Marshall University Athletics Hall of Fame.
Coaching career.
After D'Antoni graduated from Marshall University, he joined the Herd's coaching staff as the head coach of the freshman basketball team coaching his brother Mike, before becoming an assistant coach of the varsity squad. After failing to make the Baltimore Bullets, he decided to become to be the head basketball coach at Socastee High School in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina in 1975. After coaching 30 years at Socastee, 1975–2005, D'Antoni accumulated over 500 wins and founded the Beach Ball Classic, one of the most prestigious high school basketball tournaments in the country, before becoming an assistant with the Phoenix Suns. 
Shortly after younger brother Mike accepted the head coaching position with the New York Knicks, D'Antoni was hired as an assistant with the Knicks. On March 15, 2012, D'Antoni and fellow assistant coach Phil Webber stepped down after Mike resigned as Knicks head coach. On November 15, 2012 he became an assistant coach with the Los Angeles Lakers, also under his brother. D’Antoni also served as the head coach of the Knicks’ and Lakers’ NBA Summer League teams.
On April 24, 2014, D'Antoni was announced as the new head coach of Marshall University Thundering Herd men's basketball program, 43 years after he was an assistant with the Herd.
Personal life.
D'Antoni graduated from Marshall in 1970 with a degree in Speech and Physical Education and also earned a Master’s degree in Principles of Guidance from Marshall in 1972.
His father, Lewis, is a legendary high school basketball coach in West Virginia and Ohio, and was inducted into West Virginia’s Sports Hall of Fame in May 2004.
D'Antoni is the father of three sons, all of whom played collegiate basketball: Matt played at Brown; Andrew attended Army and later served 3½ years in Iraq, rising to the rank of captain in the U.S. Army; and Nick attended William & Mary, where he was captain of the basketball team. Dan and wife Vanessa are also parents of daughter Morgan.

</doc>
<doc id="31006129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006129" title="Gareth Jones (lawyer)">
Gareth Jones (lawyer)

Gareth Hywel Jones Q.C., FBA (b. 10 November 1930) is a British academic and longtime fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge and Professor of Law at the University of Cambridge.
Jones was born in 1930 in Tylorstown, in the Rhondda Valley. He was educated at the Rhondda County School for Boys, University College London, St Catharine's College, Cambridge and Harvard College. He became a teaching fellow of Trinity College Cambridge in 1961, becoming Senior Tutor in 1972 and was appointed Downing Professor of the Laws of England in 1974. Jones was Vice-Master of Trinity from 1986–1992, and from 1996-1999. He is a fellow of the British Academy.
Jones is the co-author of Goff & Jones, The Law of Restitution and, with Robert Goff, is the acknowledged father of English restitution law.

</doc>
<doc id="31006155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006155" title="Runner's diarrhea">
Runner's diarrhea

Runner's diarrhea, often termed "runner's trots" or "the gingerbread man", is a condition that often affects distance runners, and is characterized by an urgent need for a bowel movement mid-run. If the runner can find a suitable toilet or bush, the resulting stool will be on the higher end of the Bristol stool scale. Whether the stool can be considered diarrhea, or a clinical expression of ischemic enteropathy is under debate.
Causes of runner's diarrhea.
The causes of runner's diarrhea remain under debate, although several theories include ischemia and mechanical trauma. The reduced incidence of diarrhea in cyclists would indicate the latter. Diet is often cited as a common cause of diarrhea in distance runners, particularly with meals including berries and dried fruit.
Treatment and prevention.
Runner's diarrhea will normally clear up by itself from several hours to two days after running. As with all forms of diarrhea, replacement of fluids and electrolytes is advisable. Methods to prevent runner's diarrhea will vary between individuals, although it is advisable to consider examining the pre-running diet to determine potential trigger foods.
Famous cases of runner's diarrhea.
During the 1998 London Marathon, winner Catherina McKiernan suffered from stomach cramps.
At the 2005 London Marathon, Paula Radcliffe won with a time of 2:17:42, although the race is often remembered for the moment when Radcliffe, in desperate need for a toilet break, stopped by the road in full view of the crowd and TV cameras, and the unfortunate event was broadcast live. She later blamed a meal of grilled salmon from the previous night for the incident.
Writer Lindsay Patton-Carson wrote about her personal experience in xoJane. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006171" title="Bs.">
Bs.

Bs. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31006172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006172" title="Balarama (disambiguation)">
Balarama (disambiguation)

Balarama is the elder brother of the divine being Krishna in Hinduism
Balarama can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31006173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006173" title="Summer Tour">
Summer Tour

Summer Tour is a concert tour in 2006 by American R&B singer Erykah Badu. The tour started on June 10, in Knoxville, TN with three shows in the U.S. and resumed in July for several shows in Europe. Badu co-headlined dates in August with Jill Scott and Queen Latifah for their "Sugar Water Tour".

</doc>
<doc id="31006182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006182" title="Hellenic Society for Systemic Studies">
Hellenic Society for Systemic Studies

The Hellenic Society for Systemic Studies () is a scientific non-profit society that was established in 2003. It is a member of the International Society for the Systems Sciences and International Federation of Systems Research. Its founding and first president is Nikitas Assimakopoulos.
International prizes established by the society.
Since 2005, the society has established two prizes to honor world pioneers in the fields of systems and complex studies: the "Hellenic Society for Systemic Studies Medal" is given to senior scientists whose work in systems and complex sciences has been extremely influential world-wide, and the "Hellenic Society for Systemic Studies Award" is given to individuals who have contributed significantly to the further development of systemic and complex sciences and their applications towards solving real-life problems.
"International Journal of Applied Systemic Studies".
The "International Journal of Applied Systemic Studies" published by Inderscience Publishers is the society's official journal. For its inaugural volume, the society's president underlined the fact that "it is one of very few journals within the international community of people who work on Systems Sciences that deals directly with applications of systems research or study. It is possibly the only journal, internationally, that combines a systems approach to many mainstream and scientific disciplines."
Certification program.
The society has developed and offers an international post-graduate certification program in Professional Systemics in collaboration with the University of Piraeus, named Certified Systemic Analyst Professional. The certification is to the individual using the ISO 17024 standards.

</doc>
<doc id="31006206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006206" title="Alexander Møller">
Alexander Møller

Alexander Møller (1762 – 1847) was a Norwegian physician and politician. He represented Arendal at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was elected to the Parliament in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="31006230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006230" title="Lynn Lovenguth">
Lynn Lovenguth

Lynn Richard Lovenguth (November 29, 1922 – September 29, 2000) was an American professional baseball player. The right-handed pitcher played for 16 seasons (1946–1961) in minor league baseball, with two Major League trials for the Philadelphia Phillies and the St. Louis Cardinals. He batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Lovenguth won 193 games during his minor league career (losing 174), including two 20-win seasons. In 1956, he was named the International League's pitcher of the year after he posted a 24–12 record and a 2.68 earned run average in 39 games and 279 innings pitched with the Toronto Maple Leafs. The native of Camden, New York, played in nine Major League organizations.
In the Majors, he appeared in 16 games, going winless in two decisions and 20 strikeouts in 27 innings. He issued 16 bases on balls and gave up 23 hits for a 1.444 WHIP.
Lynn Lovenguth died at age 77 in Beaverton, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="31006233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006233" title="Emmert L. Wingert">
Emmert L. Wingert

Emmert Laurson Wingert (April 2, 1899 – February 1, 1971) was an American jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Mount Carroll, Illinois, Wingert graduated from Harvard Law School. He practiced law in Madison, Wisconsin, worked in office of the Wisconsin Attorney General, and was counsel to the Governor of Wisconsin. In 1956, Wingert was appointed to the Wisconsin Supreme Court serving until 1959, when he was defeated in seeking election.

</doc>
<doc id="31006265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006265" title="Do Anything You Want To">
Do Anything You Want To

"Do Anything You Want To" is a song by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy, and the second single released from their 1979 album, '. "Black Rose" was the only Thin Lizzy album recorded while guitarist Gary Moore was a member of the band, although he left soon after. The song was recorded at Pathe Marconi EMI Studios in Paris, France.
Composition.
The song opens with an African-style drum beat by Brian Downey, which gives way to twin-guitar harmonies characteristic of Thin Lizzy's sound. The lyrics include heavy use of rhyme and alliteration, such as the first three lines which include the words 'investigate', 'insinuate', 'intimidate', 'complicate', 'wait', 'hesitate', 'state', 'fate' and 'awaits'. The song fades out with lead singer Phil Lynott doing an impersonation of Elvis Presley which seemed to have little to do with the meaning of the song. Guitarist Scott Gorham suggested, "I think he just wanted to use his American accent there."
Chart performance and video.
The single reached No. 14 in the British charts and remained in the charts for nine weeks. It reached No. 25 in Ireland, charting for two weeks. An accompanying video was filmed at Molineir Studios, directed by David Mallet. Mallet has said that the video cost £12–15,000 to film, adding, "Most of the shoots I did with Lizzy back then only lasted a day, maybe eight or ten hours worth of footage." The video was the band's first attempt at a short film, rather than a simple video of a band performance.
Subsequent releases.
This track has featured on several Thin Lizzy compilation albums including "The Adventures of Thin Lizzy", released in 1981; ' released in 1991, and ', released in 1996. It was subsequently included on the "Vagabonds, Kings, Warriors, Angels" box set in 2002, and the "Greatest Hits" and "Definitive Collection" sets, among others.
The single's b-side, "Just the Two of Us", is a Lynott/Gorham composition that was not included on the "Black Rose" album, and was only available on the single until the release of "Vagabonds, Kings, Warriors, Angels".

</doc>
<doc id="31006299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006299" title="David Horvitz">
David Horvitz

David Horvitz is an American artist who uses art books, photography, performance art, and mail art as mediums for his work.
Biography.
Horovitz' year of birth undetermined and has been reported as 1972, 1981 and 1982.
Horvitz uses art books, photography, performance art, watercolor, and mail art as mediums for his work. His work includes "A Wikipedia Reader," a mind map of artists browsing of Wikipedia, and "Public Access," photographs of beaches uploaded to Wikipedia. His published work includes: "Xiu Xiu: The Polaroid Project" (2007), "Everything that can happen in a day" (2010), and "Sad, Depressed, People" (2012). He has exhibited at SF Camerawork, the Museum of Modern Art, the New Museum, Tate Modern
In 2007, he had posted a video on YouTube of a man riding a bicycle into the ocean, claiming it was a Bas Jan Ader film that he had found. Ader's gallery had the initial claims removed. In 2009 Horvitz released the artist book "Rarely Seen Bas Jan Ader Film".
In 2009, Horvitz encouraged people to photograph themselves with their head in a freezer and upload the photos to social media sites.
In 2011, Horvitz placed his photographs on Wikipedia and created “a flurry of discussion amongst the Wikipedia community”. Many of the photos were deleted or cropped as possibly being self promotional. The Wikipedia response became the art project "Public Access" which was displayed at SF Camerawork in San Francisco. The graphic designer Eric Nylund and Ed Steck produced a pdf of the project.

</doc>
<doc id="31006307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006307" title="Arnoldus von Westen Sylow Koren">
Arnoldus von Westen Sylow Koren

Arnoldus von Westen Sylow Koren (1764 – 1854) was a Norwegian judge and politician. He represented Søndre Bergenhus amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was elected to the Parliament in 1814 and in 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="31006318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006318" title="American Can Company Building">
American Can Company Building

The American Can Company Building is a historic former factory in the Northside neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. Built in 1921, it is a concrete building with a concrete foundation and an asphalt roof; five stories tall, it has a total floor space of approximately . Built by the American Can Company, the factory was used to manufacture can-making machines, rather than producing the cans itself; it remained in operation until closure in 1963. Two years later, it was reopened by the Cleveland Machine Company, which used its first floor for machining purposes; after their departure in 1978, it sat almost totally unused, with the only exceptions being small businesses such as T-shirt printers and warehouse operators.
In late 2005, a local redevelopment company purchased the American Can Company Building, using a $500,000 loan from the city's community development office. Expecting to have to pay another $800,000 to resolve longstanding environmental issues at the property, the company received a grant of $750,000 from the Clean Ohio Assistance Fund. As this process was a significant component of a larger redevelopment project on the eastern portion of Northside, the American Can owners sought to renovate their property in a manner compatible with its historic nature. In 2006, the building was assessed against the guidelines of the National Register of Historic Places, a federal historic preservation program, and found to be eligible for inclusion on the Register. Besides starting the National Register nomination process, the owners applied for the building to be designated a historic site by Cincinnati's city planning commission; such approval was granted in July 2007. Three months later, the National Park Service added the building to the Register. The owners' ultimate goal was to convert the property into apartments and small shops. With renovations nearly complete, the building reopened as American Can Lofts in September, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31006323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006323" title="Dieck">
Dieck

Dieck is a surname that can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="31006337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006337" title="Dangerous Drugs (Supply to Addicts) Regulations 1968">
Dangerous Drugs (Supply to Addicts) Regulations 1968

The Dangerous Drugs (Supply to Addicts) Regulations 1968 determined the consultants who could prescribe, or treat addicts either in psychiatric hospitals or drug dependency units. Other medical staff, if supervised by the consultants within the hospitals, would also be able to obtain licences. Doctors working outside the NHS would be considered if their organisations had similar facilities to the DDUs.
Doctors who disobeyed these regulations might have their permissions to supply rescinded. In fact only the treatment centers were allowed to supply. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006347" title="Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF2">
Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF2

Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF2 is the sixth camera in Panasonic's Lumix G-series, using the Micro Four Thirds System.
The main GF2 innovation is the inclusion of a touch sensitive rear LCD screen which can be used to control mode, focus and operation of the camera. The Panasonic DMC-GF2 uses the touch screen to provide mode selection, as such that there isn't a mode dial on the camera. Features including zoom and focus are controlled via the 3-inch touchscreen at the rear of the unit or by manual zoom and focus on the lens.
The GF-2 was offered in four variations, GF2 (body only); GF2C (body + 14 mm f/2.5 wide angle lens); GF2K (body + 14-42mm f/3.5-5.6 zoom lens; and GF2W (body + both 14mm and 14–42 mm lenses). Available colors were black (suffix K); silver (suffix S); white (suffix W); red (suffix R) and pink (suffix P).
Firmware updates.
Panasonic Releases.
Panasonic has announced the following firmware update

</doc>
<doc id="31006351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006351" title="Stereographer">
Stereographer

A "stereographer" is professional in the field of stereoscopy and visual effects using the art and techniques of stereo photography, 3D photography, or stereoscopic 3D film to create a visual perception of a 3-dimensional image from a flat surface. 
Responsibilities.
The role of a stereographer in modern 3D movies can be summarized as:

</doc>
<doc id="31006354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006354" title="County Road C117–Pike River Bridge">
County Road C117–Pike River Bridge

The County Road C117–Pike River Bridge is a steel stringer bridge located on County Road C117 (old US 41) over the Pike River just south of Chassell, Michigan. The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
History.
In 1913, the state of Michigan passed the State trunkline Act, which authorized the creation of a series of trunkline highways throughout Michigan. One such line was a north–south route through the western counties of Michigan's Upper Peninsula (Keweenaw, Houghton, Ontonagon, and Gogebic counties), tying the northern tip of the Keweenaw Peninsula to the UP's main east–west trunkline. The planned trunkline crossed both the Pike and Snake rivers near Chassell along the eastern side of the Keweenaw. The Michigan State Highway Department designed two steel stringer bridges, designated trunkline bridges number 8 and 9, to cross the two rivers. The contract to build the two bridges was awarded to the Houghton-based Smith-Byers-Sparks Company in 1913, and the company completed construction of the bridges the next year.
By 1915, the trunkline highway had been nearly completed. In the 1920s, the route was incorporated into what is now US 41. In 1934, the nearby Snake River bride was replaced; US 41 was later rerouted near the Pike River, leaving the original trunkline bridge to service local traffic on the redesignated county road 117.
Description.
The County Road C117–Pike River Bridge has a main span long, with a structure width of and a roadway width of . It is constructed of five rolled I-beams supported by concrete abutments at each end. The bridge was developed from a standard design, first delineated by the state highway department in 1905-1906. The steel stringer design was one of the first established by the department, and was used intermittently during the 1910s for relatively short spans.
Standard paneled concrete guardrails are incorporated on each side of the bridge. One of the guardrails includes the cast words, "State trunkline Bridge 1914" and another, "Built by S-B-S Company Houghton."
The County Road C117–Pike River Bridge is in excellent condition, and is essentially unaltered from when it was built. The bridge was one of the first trunkline bridges built that used the Michigan State Highway Department's steel stringer configuration. Of the 22 total trunkline bridges the department listed in its 1913–14 biennial report, almost half were stringer bridges, and of these Pike River Bridge is the only one to remain undemolished and unaltered. This bridge is thus significant as an early unaltered example of this important bridge structural type used in the Upper Peninsula's trunkline system. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006378" title="Brynjel Andersen Gjerager">
Brynjel Andersen Gjerager

Brynjel Andersen Gjerager (1761 – 1838) was a Norwegian farmer and politician, born in Voss. He represented Søndre Bergenhus amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="31006392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006392" title="Drag (film)">
Drag (film)

Drag (1929) is a drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Richard Barthelmess. 
Preservation and production background.
The film was long thought to be a lost film but was later rediscovered. The film originally had two versions, a sound version and a silent version. Frank Lloyd was nominated at the 2nd Academy Awards for Academy Award for Best Director along with the film "Weary River".

</doc>
<doc id="31006401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006401" title="Wade Dokken">
Wade Dokken

Wade Dokken (born March 3, 1960) is an American financial writer and businessman. 
Wade Dokken was raised in rural North Dakota and attended the University of North Dakota, where he studied political science and journalism. After graduating, Dokken became an account executive at Paine Webber. Gaining knowledge and expertise in annuities, Dokken went on to become the National Sales Manager at American Skandia. After being named CEO of American Skandia in 2000, Dokken partnered with Goldman Sachs to guide the sale of the company to Prudential Financial in 2003 for $1.2 billion.
Wade Dokken is the author of "New Century, New Deal, How to Turn Your Wages into Wealth through Social Security Choice". The book criticizes the Social Security system for being unsustainable and suggests individuals invest in private accounts such as annuities, stocks, and bonds.
Publications.
"New Century, New Deal, How to Turn Your Wages into Wealth through Social Security Choice" (2000).
Career.
WealthVest Marketing- Co-Founder "(June 2009-Present)"
PureWest Properties- Owner "(January 2009-Present)"
American Skandia- Chief Executive Officer "(June 2000- May 2003)"

</doc>
<doc id="31006405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006405" title="Eyvind Brynildsen">
Eyvind Brynildsen

Eyvind Brynildsen (born January 14, 1988) is a Norwegian rally driver. His co-driver is Cato Menkerud. During 2011 he competed in the Super 2000 World Rally Championship in a Škoda Fabia S2000. He is currently looking for a drive with the Adapta World Rally Team alongside Mads Østberg, where he drove the second Ford Fiesta RS WRC during the 2012 Rally Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="31006420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006420" title="Science Accelerator">
Science Accelerator

Science Accelerator is a web-based gateway to science information (Academic databases and search engines) including research results from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The information is provided as a free public service by the DOE Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI), within the Office of Science. The Science Accelerator uses federated search technology to search DOE-generated and DOE-related science information databases and collections. Federated search technology allows the information customer to search multiple data sources with a single query in real time. It provides simultaneous access to "deep web" scientific databases, which are typically not searchable by commercial search engines.
Content.
Science Accelerator returns results from 12 DOE databases of science information and research results. Users can find:
See Academic databases and search engines.
Features and Capabilities.
A basic search and an advanced search are provided. The advanced search allows searching by author, title, and/or date, and/or selecting any of the resources or subsets of those resources. Science Accelerator provides a variety of features and capabilities, including:
History.
Science Accelerator was developed by the Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI) and launched in April 2007. Through this initiative, OSTI introduced scalability in federated government search technology. Science Accelerator is the DOE contribution to Science.gov and WorldWideScience.org, and searches 12 DOE databases.

</doc>
<doc id="31006425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006425" title="Star Channel (Japan)">
Star Channel (Japan)

Star Channel is a Japanese premium satellite broadcasting and pay TV station in Japan. Star Channel mainly provides movies and TV dramas from outside Japan, on 24/7, 3 high-definition channels.
Overview.
Star Channel was founded as a private company in 1986. As of May 2013, each 25% of Star Channel is owned by Sony, News Corporation, Tohokushinsha Film, and Itochu. Star Channel service is available on SKY PerfecTV! and on Broadcasting Satellite (Japanese) channels.

</doc>
<doc id="31006441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006441" title="Electricity sector in Russia">
Electricity sector in Russia

The electricity sector in Russia describes electricity in Russia. In the year 2008 electricity as gross production was produced with gas 48%, coal and peat 19%, hydro electricity 16% and nuclear power 16%.
History.
The electric power industry has been a state monopoly since Soviet times. After the collapse of the Soviet Union Unified Energy System of Russia RAO UES was founded as state-owned (50%) company. From 1992-2008 it was the largest electric power holding company. After power outages such as the one in Moscow 2005, privatization started in 2006. RAO UES merged into UES FGC in 2008, besides spinning off more than 2 dozen companies. Price increase followed, 3-4 times the margin set by regulatory authorities. In November 2011, then prime minister Vladimir Putin tasked the Ministry for Economic Development (Russia), the Ministry of Energy (Russia) and the 'Federal Tariffs Service' to draft a government resolution restricting the profitability of electric utilities. This "restricted the ability of electric utilities to make money from providing services other than supplying electricity"
As of 2013, Russia had no wholesale electricity market. The Ministry for Energy of Russia, concerned with price increases envisions a wholesale market under bi-lateral contracts between consumers and specific power plants. Inter RAO and Gazprom Energy Holding were lobbying for a different one. 
Consumption.
In 2008 the end use of electricity was 4.3% (726 TWh) of the world total (16,819 TWh). In 2008 the gross production of electricity was 5.1% (1,038 TWh) of the world total (20,181 TWh).
Mode of production.
According to the IEA the Russian gross production of electricity was 1,038 TWh in 2008 and 930 TWh in 2004 giving the 4 th top position among the world producers in 2008. Top ten countries produced 67 % of electricity in 2008. The top producers were: 1) United States 21.5% 2) China 17.1% 3) Japan 5.3% 4) Russia 5.1% 5) India 4.1% 6) Canada 3.2% 7) Germany 3.1% 8) France 2.8% 9) Brazil 2.3% and 10) South Korea 2.2%. The rest of the world produced 33%.
Gas.
The share of natural gas fuelled electricity was 48% of the gross electricity production in 2008 in Russia (495 TWh / 1,038 TWh.
Coal and peat.
The share of coal and peat electricity was 19% of the gross electricity production in 2008 in Russia (187 TWh / 1,038 TWh).
Nuclear power.
In 2008 Russian federation was 4 th top in the nuclear electricity production with 163 TWh (6% of the world total). According to the IEA 15.7% of Russian domestic electricity was generated by nuclear power in 2008. The top producers were the United States 838 TWh, second France 439 TWh and third Japan 258 TWh followed by Russia 163 TWh, South Korea 151 TWh, Germany 148 TWh, Canada 94 TWh, Ukraine 90 TWh, China 68 TWh, Sweden 64 TWh.
In 2009 Russia had in total 31 nuclear reactors and installed capacity in 2008 23 GW.
Nuclear reactor construction and export.
In 2006 Russia had exported nuclear reactors to Armenia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, India, Iran, Lithuania, Slovak Republic and Ukraine. In Russia, the average construction time was in 1) 1965-1976 57 months and 2) 1977-1993 72–89 months, but the four plants that have been completed since then have taken around 180 months (15 years), due to increased opposition following the Chernobyl accident and the political changes after 1992.
Hydro power.
In 2008 hydroelectricy was produced 167 TWh with 47 GW capacity. Russia had 5 th top position and 5.1% production of the world total hydro electricity. The top producers were 1) China 585 TWh, 2) Canada 383 TWh 3) Brazil 370 TWh 4) United States 282 TWh. The use of other renewable sources for electricity in 2008 was not significant in Russian Federation according to the statistics of IEA in terms of electricity volume in 2008.
Kyoto carbon allowances.
The revenues from Kyoto allowances via Joint Implementation projects sales can be significant – in the billions of euros in the cases of Russia. If a number of (relatively strict) criteria were filled JI projects could be implemented during the Kyoto protocol agreement, for which no international third-party checking or UN approval was needed. According to Transparency International a lack of regulation in carbon trading poses the risk of fraud. In 2009 it was not in all cases clear which government organisations had the authority to sell the surplus and how transparently and accountably such transfers of public wealth were carried out.

</doc>
<doc id="31006445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006445" title="Ali Aujali">
Ali Aujali

Ali Suleiman Aujali (, alternatively transliterated Ojli and Adjali) is a Libyan diplomat who was nominated for Libya's minister of foreign affairs, but resigned on 2 January 2013 without being sworn in.
Early life and education.
Born in Benghazi in 1944, he received his BA in Business Administration from the Benghazi University.
Career.
Aujali was first posted to the Libyan embassy in London as Third Secretary in 1971. In 1976 he was posted to the Libyan embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, before being promoted in 1981 to the post of Ambassador to Malaysia. Subsequently Aujali was the Libyan ambassador to Argentina (1984–1988) and then Brazil (1988–1994). As Ambassador to the United States from 2009 to 2011 for the Gaddafi government, he was also known for defending the return of Abdelbaset al-Megrahi to Libya. He also served as the chargé d'affaires to Canada (2001 to 2004).
Aujali was formerly Ambassador to the United States on behalf of the National Transitional Council from 15 August 2011 to 1 November 2012. He previously held the position on behalf of the Gaddafi government from January 2009 until February 2011, when he resigned in the wake of the Libyan civil war. He joined the opposition National Transitional Council soon after; on 9 August the U.S. State Department confirmed that it had handed the Libyan embassy in Washington, D.C. to the NTC, and Aujali was re-accredited by the United States as Libya's Ambassador on 15 August.
Aujali was nominated for minister of foreign affairs by Ali Zidan at the end of October 2012. Although cabinet minister are sworn in on 14 November 2013, he could not since his investigation by the commission regarding his ties to former ruler of Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, was not completed until that day. The commission cleared him on 27 November. However, he was not sworn in and resigned on 31 December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31006463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006463" title="Dust and Shadow">
Dust and Shadow

Dust and Shadow: An Account of the Ripper Killings by Dr. John H. Watson is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Lyndsay Faye which pits Sherlock Holmes against Jack the Ripper.
The book is Faye's first novel and it has the blessing of Conan Doyle's heirs.
Reception.
Reviews of "Dust and Shadow: An Account of the Ripper Killings by Dr. John H Watson" have been largely positive.
Tim Rutton, writing for the "Los Angeles Times", stated "she gets the critical component -- Watson's voice -- right."
Caleb Carr, who himself penned a Sherlock Holmes pastiche entitled "The Italian Secretary", remarked "Where others have failed, Lyndsay Faye's extremely impressive debut novel succeeds, on every level, providing thrilling entertainment without blatant exploitation."
The Chicago Center for Literature and Photography gave the novel an 8.9 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="31006464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006464" title="South Tyrone Empowerment Programme">
South Tyrone Empowerment Programme

The South Tyrone Empowerment Programme (STEP) is a rights-based non-governmental organisation based in Dungannon, Northern Ireland. Founded in 1997, it provides a range of services and advocacy in areas including community development, training, support and advice for migrants, policy work and community enterprise, with its commercial arm, STL, currently concentrating on interpreting and translation. It was founded and is led by Bernadette Devlin McAliskey and has been funded by European Union grants and philanthropy.

</doc>
<doc id="31006480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006480" title="Live It Up (Yüksek Sadakat song)">
Live It Up (Yüksek Sadakat song)

"Live It Up" is a song performed by Yüksek Sadakat. It was the Turkish entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 and was sung in English. It failed to make the finals, after performing in the semi-final on May 10 making it the first ever Turkish entrant not to progress to the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31006486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006486" title="Renewable Identification Number">
Renewable Identification Number

A Renewable Identification Number (or RIN) is a serial number assigned to a batch of biofuel for the purpose of tracking its production, use, and trading as required by the United States Environmental Protection Agency's Renewable Fuel Standard implemented according to the Energy Policy Act of 2005.
Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the EPA is authorized to set annual quotas dictating what percentage of the total amount of motor fuels consumed in the US must be represented by biofuel blended into fossil fuels. Companies that refine, import or blend fossil fuels are obligated to meet certain individual RFS quotas based on the volume of fuel they introduce into the market. By fulfilling these requirements, the EPA projects that the industry will collectively satisfy the overall national quota they set. To ensure compliance, obligated parties are periodically required to demonstrate they have met their RFS quota by submitting a certain amount of RINs to the EPA. Because each of these RINs represent an amount of biofuel that has been blended into fossil fuels, the RINs submitted to the EPA by obligated parties are a quantitative representation of the amount of biofuel that has been blended into the fossil fuels used in America.
RIN components.
As defined in the regulation:
Under RFS2, each batch-RIN generated will continue to uniquely identify not only a specific batch of renewable fuel, but also every gallon-RIN assigned to that batch. Thus the RIN will continue to be defined as follows:
RIN: KYYYYCCCCFFFFFBBBBBRRDSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEE
Where:
RIN fraud.
Renewable Identification Numbers can be sold and traded separately from the biofuels that created them. This has given rise to instances of "RIN fraud", where improperly created RINs have been sold without any manufacture of corresponding biofuels.

</doc>
<doc id="31006487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006487" title="Jens Rolfsen">
Jens Rolfsen

Jens Rolfsen (1765 – 1819) was a Norwegian merchant and politician, born in Kristiansand. He represented Bergen at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was the grandfather of Nordahl Rolfsen, and grand-grandfather of Alf Rolfsen.

</doc>
<doc id="31006568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006568" title="Ibrahim Mirza">
Ibrahim Mirza

Prince Ibrahim Mirza, Solṭān Ebrāhīm Mīrzā, in full Abu'l Fat'h Sultan Ibrahim Mirza (April 1540 – 23 February 1577) was a Persian prince of the Safavid dynasty, who was a favourite of his uncle and father-in-law Shah Tahmasp I. He is now mainly remembered as a patron of the arts, especially the Persian miniature. Although most of his library and art collection was apparently destroyed by his wife after his murder, surviving works commissioned by him include the manuscript of the "Haft Awrang" of the poet Jami which is now in the Freer Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.
Life.
He was a grandson of the founder of the Safavid dynasty, Ismail I (1487–1524) by Ismail's fourth son, Prince Shahzadeh ‘Abu'l Fat'h Sultan Moez od-din Bahram Mirza (1518–50), who was Governor of Khorasan 1529–32, Gilan 1536–37 and Hamadan 1546–49, and also a commissioner of manuscripts. Two of his uncles and two of his brothers were to rebel against Tahmasp, but Ibrahim Mirza, who grew up at court, was for long time a favourite, and was appointed Governor of Mashad at the age of sixteen, arriving there in March 1556. The appointment had a nominal element — Tahmasp himself had received his first governorship at the age of four — but was also political, connected to Ibrahim Mirza's mother, who came from the Shirvanshah dynasty of Tajiks.
In 1560 he married Tahmasp's eldest daughter Princess "Shahzadeh Alamiyan" Gowhar Soltan Beygom (1540 – May 19, 1577); they had one daughter, Gowhar Shad Begum (1561 – after 1582). Around the end of 1562 he was travelling to Ardabil to take up the governorship there, when he was reported to the shah for his reaction to a joke that angered the shah, and the appointment was switched to the much less important governorship of Qa'en in Khorasan. However, in 1564–65 he had to suppress a major tribal revolt of the Takkalu, who used a slave army numbering 10,000.
After a few years the shah's anger had subsided, and Ibrahim Mirza was re-appointed to Mashad by 1565–66, although he was removed again "within a year or two, apparently for his failure to assist in rescuing the shah’s besieged son Solṭān Moḥammad Mīrzā". He was sent to govern Sabzavār until 1574 when, by now 34, he was recalled to the capital at Qazvin to serve as grand master of ceremonies (ešīk-āqāsī-bāšī). When Tahmasp died two years later, he was involved in the struggles at court over the succession, finally supporting the successful Ismail II, who appointed him keeper of the royal seal (mohrdār). However, in less than a year he was killed in Qazvin, along with several other princes, in a general clear-out of potential rivals ordered by Ismail. The new shah, who may have been mentally unstable after spending twenty years in prison, had soon alienated the Qizilbash who were powerful at court, and it seems they had begun to look to Ibrahim Mirza as a possible replacement; the shah himself died, supposedly after consuming poisoned opium, nine months later.
Patron of the arts.
Like other Safavid princes Ibrahim Mirza practiced as a poet, artist and calligrapher, and patronized poets, musicians and other artists, but he was especially important for the atelier he maintained for the production of illuminated manuscripts. When Tahmasp, previously the leading patron of Persian painting at the time, ceased to commission manuscripts in the 1540s, Ibrahim Mirza's workshop was for a period the most important in Persia. As a poet he wrote several thousand lines, mostly in Persian but also in Turkish.
The Freer Jami contains statements by the two calligraphers who copied the text that it was copied at Mashad, and another source states that one of them, Malik al-Daylami, went with Ibrahim Mirza to Mashad in 1556, and stayed for 18 months, before being recalled by the shah; he also tutored the prince in calligraphy. Despite requests from the prince he was not allowed back to Mashad before his death in 1561-62. The second calligrapher, Shah Mahmud Nishapuri, who had scribed the last major commission of Tahmasp, the "Khamsa of Nizami", British Library Or. 2265, died in Mashad in 1564-65. 
There are 28 full-page miniatures, none signed or dated, but modern attributions have been made, not always finding consensus among scholars, to artists including Shaykh Muhammad, an important artist who is recorded joining Ibrahim Mirza in Sabzavar, and after his death returned to working for the shahs. Shaykh Muhammad may have been responsible for the individualized faces in certain pictures, atypical of Persian painting, and looking forward to the Mughal miniature tradition that was beginning just in these years, as other artists from Tahmasp's atelier joined the service of the Mughal emperor Humayun. Indeed one artist, Mirza Ali, is claimed by Stuart Cary Welch and others to have contributed to the Freer Jami, while the theory of Barbara Brend that he was the same person as Abd al-Samad would place him working for Humayun and his son Akbar in just these years, first in Kabul and then in India. Another artist who worked for the prince was Ali Asghar, father of Reza Abbasi, the leading artist of the next generation, who was born around 1565, perhaps at Mashad. 
Welch suggests that some paintings were made in Qazvin by older artists, such as Aqa Mirak and Muzaffar Ali, who remained there and sent to Mashad., but the account by another of the prince's calligraphers, Qazi Ahmad, though admittedly full of extravagant praise, makes it clear that Ibrahim Mirza took a good-sized contingent of artists and craftsmen with him to his posts, and spent much time among them. Other artists working on the manuscript have been given the titles of painters A and D, from their work on earlier manuscripts for Tahmasp. Ibrahim Mirza may also have commissioned manuscripts in Qazvin in the 1570s, the best period of production there. The miniatures in the book are crowded with figures, and in the example opposite textiles, too much so for many critics. It appears Ibrahim Mirza identified himself with Yusuf (Joseph) and the images of him are probably intended as portraits. The manuscript has been described as "the last truly great one produced under the Safavid dynasty". 
For Barbara Brend: Superficially the illustrations to Jami's stories are very similar to those of works for Tahmasp; they are complex compositions of a high level of finish, but there are more figures which are slightly grotesque, more youths with a slightly louche, pussycat smile, and a palette which admits more brown and purple tertiary colours. The eye is pulled restlessly over the page from detail to detail. It is as though the painters had lost confidence in the power of the ostensible narrative subject to interest the viewer, and were searching for other means to hold the attention. Innocence had been lost; the classic works would continue to be illustrated, but only as a vehicle for the painters' skill; they seem no longer to have a mythic hold on the imagination. The future of painting was to lie in more realistic subjects, though their treatment often disguises that realism from us. 
After Ibrahim Mirza was murdered, his wife, who only survived him by three months, is recorded as destroying his library and personal possessions, washing the manuscripts in water, smashing what was probably Chinese porcelain, and burning other things. She also washed out a muraqqa or album, containing miniatures by Behzad among others, which her husband had compiled and given her for their wedding. Perhaps she did not want anything to fall into the hands of her brother, who had ordered his death, and who did take over the prince's atelier. Only two manuscripts commissioned by Ibrahim Mirza have survived, the Freer Jami and a much more "modest" manuscript of 1574, now in the Topkapi Palace in Istanbul, with just two illustrations. In 1582 his daughter compiled a book containing his poetry, with some miniatures, which survives in two copies, one in the Aga Khan Museum and the other in the Golestan Palace library in Teheran.

</doc>
<doc id="31006607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006607" title="Erk Sens-Gorius">
Erk Sens-Gorius

Erk Sens-Gorius (born 25 January 1946) is a German fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31006630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006630" title="Philip D. Hawkins">
Philip D. Hawkins

Philip D. Hawkins FGRA is a British railway painter. He was a founder of the Guild of Railway Artists and elected a Fellow in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31006662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006662" title="Arun Sundararajan">
Arun Sundararajan

Arun Sundararajan (Tamil: அருண் சுந்தர்ராஜன்) (born in the United Kingdom) is the NEC Faculty Fellow, Professor of Information, Operations and Management Sciences and a Doctoral Coordinator at the Stern School of Business, New York University. For 2010-12, he is the Distinguished Academic Fellow at the Center for IT and the Networked Economy, Indian School of Business. Dr. Sundararajan is an expert on the economics of digital goods and network effects. He also conducts research about network science and the socioeconomic transformation of India. 
Life and work.
Arun Sundararajan graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology Madras in 1993 with a B.Tech in electrical engineering. He subsequently attended the University of Rochester where he received an M. Phil in operations research and a Ph.D. in business administration. After he earned his doctorate, he joined the faculty at New York University, where his work focuses on the transformation of business and society by information technologies, and the Indian economy.
Sundararajan's scholarly research analyzes what makes the economics of IT products and industries unique. He asserts that there are three technological invariants—digitization, exponential growth, and modularity—that have characterized and distinguished information technologies since the 1960s, and that these invariants lead to the ubiquity of information goods, digital piracy and network effects in IT industries. His research papers illustrate how these distinctive economics of information technologies warrant new pricing strategies, careful digital rights management, and a deeper understanding of network structure and dynamics. 
Sundararajan periodically writes and speaks about transformation through information technologies and business with a frequent focus on privacy and on India. 
He has been elected to the editorial boards of the prestigious journals Management Science and Information Systems Research (where he is currently a Senior Editor). He co-founded the NYU Summer Workshop on the Economics of Information Technology and the Workshop on Information in Networks. He received a 2010 Google-WPP Marketing Research Award, the Best Paper award at the 2008 INFORMS Conference on Information Systems and Technology, and the Best Overall Paper award at the 2004 International Conference on Information Systems.
Bibliography.
Patent:

</doc>
<doc id="31006703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006703" title="2014 African Nations Championship">
2014 African Nations Championship

The 2014 African Nations Championship was the third African Nations Championship football tournament. The 16 national teams featured players from the respective national championships. The tournament took place between 11 January and 1 February 2014 in South Africa. Originally, the tournament was to be hosted in Libya. This was the first African Nations Championship tournament where all matches were considered full international matches.
Hosts South Africa were knocked out in the group stages, which has been attributed to the national league not pausing during the tournament. Many clubs wouldn't release their players. CAF announced a rule change for future versions of the tournament.
Draw.
The CHAN 2014 official draw was conducted at the CAF Headquarters on 18 September 2013 in Egypt.
Venues.
The host cities were announced on 4 May 2012. Polokwane, Bloemfontein, and Cape Town will host the tournament. As the CEO of the LOC, said: "We are not going to let the success of Orange AFCON 2013 get into our heads and we are not taking anything for granted. We are applying the same formula we used during AFCON as well as the lessons learnt to make sure that Orange CHAN 2014 delivers in accordance with our objectives as well as CAF expectations. We are still going to return to the host cities for another round of visits as the LOC, at the end of August and again in November, together with CAF again. This is how serious we take this competition. We also share the same sentiments expressed by the CAF Vice President and Deputy Secretary General of CAF and we are pleased with what we have seen so far.".
Group stage.
All time are in GMT+2 Time zone (South African Local Time).
Prize money.
The winner of the 3rd Edition of Orange African Nations Championship in South Africa pocketed USD 750, 000 while the runner-up got USD 400,000. The Confederation of African Football (CAF) revealed the prize money ahead of the knock-out phase of CHAN 2014 tournament which took place in South Africa from 11- January till 1 February.
A total of 16 national shared $3.2 million, the rest of the prizes are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="31006705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006705" title="Pike v. Bruce Church, Inc.">
Pike v. Bruce Church, Inc.

Pike v. Bruce Church, Inc., 397 U.S. 137 (1970), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that power of states to pass laws interfering with interstate commerce is limited when the law poses an undue burden on businesses. 
An Arizona statute required that Arizona-grown cantaloupes advertise their state of origin on each package. Church was an Arizona grower of high quality cantaloupes. Instead of packing them in Arizona, it transported them to nearby California facilities, where they were not labeled as grown in Arizona.
Arizona issued an order prohibiting Church from shipping uncrated cantaloupes from the Arizona ranch, and requiring that the cantaloupes be packed in Arizona and identified as coming from an Arizona packer. This would have cost Church $200,000 to pack a $700,000 crop.
State statutes that have a negative effect on interstate commerce are unconstitutional under the Dormant Commerce Clause. Justice Stewart used a balancing test. 
Applying this test to the Arizona statute, the court found it imposed too great of a burden to justify its benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="31006715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006715" title="Malcolm Root">
Malcolm Root

Malcolm Root FGRA (born 1950) is a British artist who concentrates on classic transport subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="31006717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006717" title="458th Tactical Fighter Squadron">
458th Tactical Fighter Squadron

The 458th Tactical Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 506th Tactical Fighter Wing, stationed at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It was inactivated on 1 April 1959.
History.
Trained in the continental United States, Oct 1944-Feb 1945. Moved to western Pacific Ocean in spring of 1945. Escorted B-29 bombers in raids against Japan, and attacked targets such as enemy airfields, May-Aug 1945. Between 1953 and 1959 the unit trained for a variety of tactical air missions. Frequently deployed for training exercises, some of them overseas. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006719" title="Honor Award">
Honor Award

The National Building Museum promotes excellence in architecture, engineering, construction, planning, and design. In furtherance of that mission, the Museum instituted an annual Honor Award in 1986 to recognize individuals and organizations that have made important contributions to the U.S.'s building heritage. Recipients are selected from a wide variety of backgrounds to call attention to the many factors that determine the form and quality of the built world.<br>
Past recipients include ex-First Lady Lady Bird Johnson, who was honored in 1995 for her lifetime leadership in beautification and conservation campaigns. Michael Eisner and The Walt Disney Company were honored in 2001 in recognition of their commitment to architecture, commissioning postmodernist architects such as Michael Graves, Robert A.M. Stern, Frank Gehry, and Arata Isozaki. In 2010, Perkins and Will became the first architecture firm ever to receive the prize for "designing buildings that promote the health of occupants, conserve resources, and unify communities," in the words of Museum executive director Chase W. Rynd.<br>
The National Building Museum also bestows two other major awards: the Vincent Scully Prize to recognize exemplary practice, scholarship, or criticism in architecture, historic preservation, and urban design and the Henry C. Turner Prize for Innovation in Construction Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="31006720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006720" title="Paralympic Winter World Cup">
Paralympic Winter World Cup

The Paralympic Winter World Cup is a biannual international multi-sport event where athletes with a disability compete. The World Cup has been hosted in Sollefteå, Sweden since 2009. It is organized by the Swedish Paralympic Committee (SPC) in coordination with the International Paralympic Committee (IPC).
History.
The Paralympic Winter World Cup replaced the Sollefteå Winter Games, that had taken place biannually since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31006722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006722" title="La Tablada">
La Tablada

La Tablada is a city in Argentina. It is located in La Matanza Partido and is part of the Greater Buenos Aires metro area.
Overview.
La Tablada initially developed around the Buenos Aires Western Railway () station inaugurated in 1900. The station, located on the 28 km (18 mi) marker along the Haedo—La Plata line, primarily served the wholesale market established nearby in 1901, and in 1909, the settlement's first homestead lots were sold.
Most of the settlement's 1,500 early homeowners worked in the wholesale market, which was closely tied to the Liniers cattle market just north of La Tablada, and numerous meat packing plants opened in the town during the 1910s and 1920s. Provincial electricity services and the town's first clinic were established in 1925. 
The city grew moderately yet steadily in subsequent decades, and became home to the third-largest business and industrial community in La Matanza County. The important La Tablada Regiment was the site of an attack in January 1989 by members of the left-wing Movimiento Todos por la Patria. La Tablada was declared a city by the Provincial Legislature on November 11, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31006723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006723" title="Michel Laurin">
Michel Laurin

Michel Laurin is a vertebrate paleontologist whose specialties include the emergence of a land-based lifestyle among vertebrates, the evolution of body size, and the origin and phylogeny of lissamphibians. He has also made important contributions to the literature on phylogenetic nomenclature. As an undergraduate he worked in the laboratory of Robert L. Carroll and earned his Ph.D. at the University of Toronto under the direction of Robert R. Reisz; his thesis concerned the osteology of seymouriamorphs. His 1991 review of diapsid phylogeny provided the broadest review of the subject up to that date. In 1995, Laurin and Reisz coauthored a widely cited article providing evidence that the synapsids are the sister group of all other amniotes. He later worked on untangling the phylogeny of the Stegocephalia, a group with a notoriously difficult phylogeny. He later moved to France; since 1998, he has been a CNRS researcher at the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle.
He is an editor-in-chief of "Comptes Rendus Palevol", a journal in the "Comptes rendus de l'Académie des Sciences" family, as well as being a reviewing editor for the "Journal of Evolutionary Biology". He has been a key contributor to the International Society for Phylogenetic Nomenclature, where he served as president 2008–2009 and as secretary 2010–2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31006731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006731" title="Hans-Jürgen Hehn">
Hans-Jürgen Hehn

Hans-Jürgen Hehn (born 1 October 1944 in Lauda-Königshofen, Baden) is a German fencer. He won silver medals in the individual and team épée events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31006744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006744" title="Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac">
Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac

Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Barrie Roberts which pits Sherlock Holmes against an anarchist who is bombing trains. 
The story involves real life incidents such as the Siege of Sidney Street.
The events of the novel bookend the original Doyle story "His Last Bow".
Reception.
Eric Monahan called the book a "first rate pastiche" while Roger Johnson stated that Roberts "captures the Watson-Doyle style better than most".

</doc>
<doc id="31006761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006761" title="It's All Remixed">
It's All Remixed

"It's All Remixed" is the first compilation album by Iwrestledabearonce. The album was released on June 29, 2010 as a re-release of their debut album, "It's All Happening". The compilation features a remix of every song from the album, except for "Black-Eyed Bush".

</doc>
<doc id="31006780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006780" title="Papi Oviedo">
Papi Oviedo

Gilberto "Papi" Oviedo (1937, La Habana) is a Cuban tres player. The tres, a distinctive type of plucked instrument in Cuban music, has three sets of double strings. Papi, the son of the legendary musician, Isaac Oviedo, started playing the tres when he was around 15. A veteran of many bands, Papi was the tres player in Elio Revé's band for 13 years. He has been on tour with Buena Vista Social Club exposing the son style to wider audiences.
References.
Giro Radamés (2007). "Diccionario enciclopédico de la música en Cuba". La Habana

</doc>
<doc id="31006795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006795" title="462d Tactical Fighter Squadron">
462d Tactical Fighter Squadron

The 462d Tactical Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 506th Tactical Fighter Wing, stationed at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It was inactivated on 1 April 1959.
History.
Trained in the continental United States, Oct 1944-Feb 1945. Moved to western Pacific Ocean in spring of 1945. Escorted B-29 bombers in raids against Japan, and attacked targets such as enemy airfields, May-Aug 1945. Between 1953 and 1959 the unit trained for a variety of tactical air missions. Frequently deployed for training exercises, some of them overseas. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006807" title="Reinhold Behr">
Reinhold Behr

Reinhold Behr (born 17 October 1948) is a German fencer. He won a silver medal in the team épée event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31006832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006832" title="List of FIFA Confederations Cup hat-tricks">
List of FIFA Confederations Cup hat-tricks

This is a list of all hat-tricks scored during FIFA Confederations Cups; that is, the occasions when a footballer has scored three or more goals in a single football FIFA Confederations Cup Finals match. Scoring a hat-trick in a FIFA Confederations Cup is a relatively rare event: only 9 hat-tricks have been scored in 108 matches in the 8 editions of the FIFA Confederations Cup tournament. As FIFA is the governing body of football, official hat-tricks are only noted when FIFA recognises that at least three goals were scored by one player in one match.
The first hat-trick was scored by Vladimír Šmicer of Czech Republic, playing against United Arab Emirates in the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup; the most recent (as of 2009) was by Fernando Torres of Spain, playing against New Zealand in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup.
The only FIFA Confederations Cups not to have at least one hat-trick scored was the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup in South Korea and Japan, 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup in France. The record number of hat-tricks in a single World Cup tournament is four, which occurred during the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="31006851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006851" title="Pierluigi Roi">
Pierluigi Roi

Pierluigi Roi is a journalist and the News Director of OMNI Television, a multicultural television station in Toronto, Ontario. He studied Political Science at the University of Milan and Languages and International Commerce at the Pietro Verdi Institute. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006853" title="Nikolla bey Ivanaj">
Nikolla bey Ivanaj

Nikolla bey Ivanaj or Nikollë Ivanaj (1879 — 1951) was an Albanian publisher, writer and free mason from Montenegro. He was considered as one of the "distinguished personalities of the most conscious Albanian nationalism" and was included in Albanian insurgents` main stuff during 1911. Ivanaj was the first Albanian writer from Montenegro with his work "The flower of eternity" () published in Tirana in 1943.
In period 1905—1908 he was publishing a newspaper "Shpnesa e Shqypnisë" in Dubrovnik, Trieste and Rome, getting a financial aid from the different sides. In that newspaper he was one of the first who published Albanian heroic epic songs. For his publishing activities Ivanaj managed to gain financial support of Albert Ghica, a member of the Ghica noble family and pretender to the Albanian throne. He was one of the leaders of the Albanian National Committee which was founded in Podgorica at the beginning of 1911 and participated in organization of the Albanian uprising. His speech to the Italian Press Association held on January 26, 1911 is in some sources considered as "an historical document of vital importance". Ivanaj was also one of the participants of the Albanian Congress of Trieste held in 1913. In January 1919 he started publishing another newspapers "The New Time" () in Shkodër which, on January 31, 1919, published the news about the death of Ismail Qemali.
During the Paris Peace Conference in 1919 he represented the "Political Party" () from USA. In 1923 together with his cousin Mirash Ivanaj he published the newspaper "Bashkimi" in Albania. and the weekly "Republika" from 1923 until 1925, both in Shkodër. During World War II, Ivanaj published an autobiographical book "Historija e Shqipëniës së ré. Vuejtjet e veprimet e mija" () in two parts published in 1943 and 1945 respectively, where he focused on the role of the catholic clergy. At last he left a volume of poetry before he died in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="31006854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006854" title="We're New Here">
We're New Here

"We're New Here" is a remix album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron and English music producer Jamie "xx" Smith, released on February 21, 2011, by Young Turks and XL Recordings. A longtime fan of Scott-Heron, Smith was approached by XL label head Richard Russell to remix Scott-Heron's 2010 studio album "I'm New Here". He worked on the album while touring with his band The xx in 2010 and occasionally communicated with Scott-Heron through letters for his approval to rework certain material.
Incorporating dubstep and UK garage styles, Smith applied electronic music techniques in his production to remix Scott-Heron's vocals from the original album over his own instrumentals. Although it is structured similarly, "We're New Here" eschews the original album's stark style and lo-fi production for bass-driven, musically varied production and sonical illumination of Scott-Heron's vocals. It has been noted by music writers for recontextualizing Scott-Heron's narratives in Smith's own musical influences and tastes.
Although it did not chart in the United States, the album debuted at number 33 on the UK Albums Chart, on which it spent two weeks. It was promoted with a multi-format release, including a limited edition box set, and the release of two singles, "NY Is Killing Me" and "I'll Take Care of U". Upon its release, "We're New Here" received universal acclaim from music critics, who praised Scott-Heron's vocal material, Smith's production, and his treatment of the source material.
Background.
Following a period of personal and legal troubles with drug addiction, Gil Scott-Heron recorded and released his first album of original material in sixteen years, "I'm New Here" (2010), with the assistance of XL Recordings-label head Richard Russell. Produced by Russell, the album served as a departure from Scott-Heron's earlier work, both musically and thematically, eschewing its soul, jazz, and funk styles and social commentary for more personal, reflective lyrics with ruminations on love, loss, and identity, set to contemporary electronic music. It was well received by fans and music critics, who viewed it as a comeback for Scott-Heron.
Russell, a fan of English indie pop band The xx, proposed the idea of remixing "I'm New Here" to the band's percussionist and producer Jamie Smith, known professionally as Jamie xx. Russell was introduced to their music after hearing Smith's remix of Florence and the Machine's "You Got the Love". He told Smith that his production work on "I'm New Here" was heavily influenced by The xx's debut album "xx" (2009), which was recorded at the XL label's studio. Their debut album showcased Smith's bassy, beat-oriented and minimalist production and had garnered the band critical acclaim, including the 2010 Mercury Prize. Following its success, Smith had occupied himself with solo production work, remixing other artists, and DJing in clubs in the United Kingdom and Europe. 
Smith, a longtime fan of Scott-Heron's work, was introduced by his parents to Scott-Heron's music as a youth. Russell later said of his decision to enlist Smith, "We didn't want lots of remixes by different people. That can be confusing. Gil was open to Jamie re-interpreting the whole album". According to Smith, he himself had no point of reference in remixing another artist's album, and later said of taking on the project, "It was a bit nerve-wracking because this is the first time I've ever done an album on my own. But I was really just eager to get at and I knew exactly what I wanted to do".
Recording.
Although Scott-Heron received top-billing for the release, Smith worked solely on the remix project. For "We're New Here", Smith remixed 13 of the original album's 15 songs, including its "interlude" cuts, mixing Scott-Heron's vocal tracks from the original recording sessions over his own instrumentals, rather than the original music. Many of the remixes were created by Smith on his laptop, while on tour with The xx. In a March 2010 interview, he said that the label "gave me the parts and let me do whatever I want, so I've been doing it on my laptop on tour. only using [Gil's vocals, I'm not using any of the original music from it, which is very freeing". On his intentions for the album's music, Smith explained in an interview for "The Irish Times", "I wanted it to sound like everything I had been listening to in London. I wanted it to sound like something you’d hear on pirate radio. You hear so many different genres, and it’s all so convoluted and mixed-up, but it makes sense when you turn on the station". In addition to vocal tracks from "I'm New Here", Smith mixed vocals from Scott-Heron's 1970s work. In an interview for Pitchfork Media, Smith explained his incorporation of these vocals and its meaning to the work as a whole, stating:
While given permission by XL Recordings to remix "I'm New Here"s content, Smith wrote longhand letters to Scott-Heron to obtain his approval to rework the other vocal material. Smith explained, "Originally, I sent him the album and there were a couple of tracks he wasn't sure about. I had to write to him—he does handwritten letters, not e-mail—and explain why I wanted to use some of his older vocal tracks on the album. [...] So after I wrote him the letter, he said I was free to do whatever because he knew what I was doing". Scott-Heron is credited as a producer for the album, along with Russell and Malcolm Cecil, a producer and engineer on Scott-Heron's past work. The original vocals were produced and engineered at Clinton Studios and Looking Glass Studios in New York, and additional recording and mixing of the album took place at XL Studios in London.
Composition.
Similar to "I'm New Here", the album features 13 songs that include four interludes and is rhythmically stressed in sound. However, it contrasts the original album's stark style and lo-fi production with bass-driven, musically varied production and sonical illumination of Scott-Heron's vocals. "We're New Here" is considered a post-dubstep work. In remixing the album, Smith incorporated dubstep tones, dance-influenced tempos, pitch-shifted and sped-up samples, wobble, sub-bass, and drum 'n' bass beats into the music. "We're New Here" also contains elements of trance, house, techno, hip hop breakbeats, and electro music. Dan Hancox of "The National" noted in its sound "a melange of creaking bass hums, cascading UK garage drums and washes of electronic noise". 
According to Thom Jurek of Allmusic, "Richard Russell's production on "I'm New Here" kept Scott-Heron's voice front and center; Smith displaces it often, all but covering it with effects, beats, and pitched vocals in styles that cross the electronic music gamut". Tim Noakes of "Dazed & Confused" describes the album as "love letter to sample culture and the history of the UK electronic underground. Against Smith’s booming backdrop of sub bass breakdowns, obscure samples and two-step rhythms, Scott-Heron’s scarred poetic missives take on a more sinister edge". Ian Maleney of "Slate" comments on the album's music, "The beats and bass are classic dub [...] and the use of stretched and pitched vocal samples cement the albums place in the ever-developing dubstep cannon". Music critic Max Feldman notes "smothering" bass lines and "robust" beats, and writes that the album performs a "balancing act between the avant-garde end of the dubstep fallout" and "dance-ability". 
The album's title track incorporates a sped-up sample of Gloria Gaynor's "Casanova Brown", with an emphasis on the line "I was lonely and naïve" from the sample, and "Running" has Scott-Heron's spoken word vocals scattered and repeated. "Ur Soul and Mine" samples the vocals from Rui da Silva's house classic "Touch Me", distorting the vocals in the song's verse, but preserving its chorus part. The densely produced "Home" features clattering snares, a heavily reverbed keyboard sample, drum loop, and a vocal sample of Scott-Heron singing the line "home is where the hatred is...", taken from the song of the same name from his 1971 album "Pieces of a Man". BBC Online's Ele Beattie writes of Smith's sampling and its meaning to the work as a whole, "Smith's use of sampling tunes the listener in and out of his musical predecessors. He rewires a personal musical canon into something utterly contemporary [...] Whilst "I'm New Here" marked an introspective turn from Scott-Heron, this set offers a multi-layered retrospective of the music which bore and surrounds Jamie xx". Music essayist Robert Christgau characterizes Scott-Heron's original narratives as those of "a drug fiend of considerable perversity and tremendous intelligence who's gonna be dead soon", and comments that Smith "hears in [Scott-Heron's] last testament an irreversible disintegration that he translates into heavily sampled minimalist electro marked indelibly by Scott-Heron's weariness, arrogance, and wit."
Release and promotion.
The album was released by Young Turks and XL Recordings on February 21, 2011, in the United Kingdom, and on February 22, 2011, in the United States. It was released on multiple formats, including CD, vinyl LP, vinyl box set, and digital download. Its limited edition box set release was made available via the album's official website and included the LP on pink heavyweight vinyl, an LP of instrumentals on green heavyweight vinyl, CDs of both the standard and instrumental album, and two photographic prints. Prior to its release, "We're New Here" had been made available for streaming via "The Guardian" website on February 14. 
The album's first single, "NY Is Killing Me", was released digitally on November 30, 2010, and on January 10, 2011, as a limited edition one-sided 12-inch single. Sean Michaels of "The Guardian" wrote of the song, "Ghostly samples rise around Scott-Heron's vocals, combining the poet's inner-city canvas with Smith's dubstep roots. It's as good as anything the DJ has produced". The second single "I'll Take Care of U" was released on January 6, 2011. It features euphoric, house-inspired piano hooks and echoing guitar riffs. A music video for the single was directed by photographer Jamie-James Medina and AG Rojas, and it was released on March 4, 2011. Set in New York City, the video's plot follows a female boxer as she takes care of her child and trains for a fight.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
The album debuted at number 33 on the UK Albums Chart in the week ending March 5, 2011. It also entered at number four on the UK Indie Chart and at number 18 on the Digital Chart. The album dropped to number 60 on the UK Albums Chart in its second week, and fell off the chart in its third week of release. "We're New Here" did not chart in the United States. In Belgium, the album debuted at number 44 and subsequently spent five weeks on the Ultratop 50 Albums chart.
Critical response.
"We're New Here" received universal acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 83, based on 28 reviews. Allmusic editor Thom Jurek called it "a mercurial collaboration ... full of nods to other club styles and eras" and praised Smith's "expansive direction", stating "He accomplishes a difficult task in successfully (re)presenting Scott-Heron's music — integrity intact — in the present tense to a fickle yet discerning groove-centric culture without kitsch or excess". Charlotte Richardson Andrews of "The Guardian" called the album a "perceptive reworking" and stated "Scott's old-soul narratives are reborn through Smith's atmospheric beats". Chris Martins of "The A.V. Club" praised "the everlasting gravity of words and wisdom", writing that "his pained, bluesy musings are as universally human as they are perennially pertinent ... Scott-Heron talks, sings, hums, and pontificates, sometimes over the beat and sometimes from deep within the snowdrift".
Pitchfork Media's Sean Fennessey noted Smith's "fearlessness over reverence" in his production and wrote that his "finicky, hard-charging production trumps Scott-Heron's voice, overpowering it with ideas, if not focus". Matthew Bennett of "Clash" stated, "The old timer’s voice sounds great over any sound or style borne from the youngster’s sampler". Ben Ratliff of "The New York Times" lauded Smith for "putting Mr. Scott-Heron’s worn voice over constantly changing variations on club music", and found the album to be an improvement over "the bummed-out original", adding that "To its great credit it’s high and low and all over the place. The dislocation works: the record has patience and breadth and almost zero pretension". Max Feldman of PopMatters commented that "Ultimately, "We’re New Here" succeeds because it manages to seamlessly reconcile the different traditions from which it draws—not just Gil Scott Heron’s uttering utterances, but UK Garage, the fibrous gloss of "Seventeen Seconds"-era The Cure, and R&B futurism".
In a mixed review, "The Observer"s Kitty Empire wrote that Smith "tearup Russell's soundbed entirely and showcase[s his own emerging versatility", but stated, "While Smith's productions are consistently excellent, they aren't really there to augment Scott-Heron's words". Andy Gill of "The Independent" commented that the remixing techniques "only occasionally work in its favour". Louise Brailey of "NME" wrote that Smith "coaxes fresh narratives from the source material" and that it "isn’t exactly groundbreaking, but it showcases a producer so in love with the music of now that he not only preserves the power of his source material, but makes it more relevant". Garry Mulholland of "Uncut" found it "closest in tempo and atmosphere to dubstep" and commended Smith's "opportunity to explore different styles of dance music ... woven into what feels like a 36-minute suite". August Brown of the "Los Angeles Times" felt that "the duo lends each other gravitas and levity on this very curious but ultimately immersive LP". MSN Music's Robert Christgau called the album "a young man's bad dream about mortality, and of interest as such" and wrote of the source material's importance to Smith's remix, "the snatches of Scott-Heron's voice, cracked for sure but deeper than night nonetheless, delivers it from callow generalization and foregone conclusion."
Accolades.
"Uncut" ranked the album number 32 on its list of Top 50 Albums of 2011. Robert Christgau ranked "We're New Here" number 20 in his year-end best albums list for Barnes & Noble.
Personnel.
Credits for "We're New Here" adapted from liner notes. 

</doc>
<doc id="31006877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006877" title="Walter Convents">
Walter Convents

Walter Convents (born 8 November 1948) is a German fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31006878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006878" title="James S. Allen">
James S. Allen

James S. "Jim" Allen, born Sol Auerbach, (1906–1986) was an American Marxist historian, journalist, editor, political activist, and functionary of the Communist Party USA. Allen is best remembered as the author and editor of over two dozen books and pamphlets and as one of the Communist Party's leading experts on African-American history.
Biography.
Early years.
Sol Auerbach, later known by the pseudonym James S. Allen, was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1906, the son of ethnic Jewish parents that arrived in America from the Russian empire in that same year.
Upon completion of high school, Allen enrolled at the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League university in Philadelphia, where he studied philosophy.
A committed radical from his collegiate days, Auerbach traveled to the Soviet Union in 1927 as part of the first American student delegation to the Soviet Union.
Auerbach was expelled from college 1928 for radical activities. He joined the Communist Party and began writing for the party newspaper, "The Daily Worker." Auerbach succeeded Whittaker Chambers as "foreign news writer," who had in turn succeeded Harry Freeman. 
The intelligent Auerbach was soon promoted to the editorship of "Labor Defender," official organ of the International Labor Defense — the Communist Party's mass organization dedicated to civil rights and legal aid matters.
Party work in the South.
During his formative years in Philadelphia Auerbach had developed a strong interest in African American life, which led to his appointment in 1930 as editor of the Communist Party's first newspaper produced south of the Mason-Dixon line — "The Southern Worker." Auerbach adopted the Party name "James S. Allen" at this time and he traveled to Chattanooga, Tennessee with his wife Isabelle Allen to establish and edit the weekly paper. 
Necessarily produced under clandestine conditions, "The Southern Worker" bore a false dateline indicating it was produced in Birmingham, Alabama in an effort to confuse local police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the testimony of Isabelle Allen authorities never were able to identify the shop used to produce the paper, owing in part to the struggling printer's simultaneous production of a newspaper for the Ku Klux Klan — an ideal cover for a secret side-job.
"The Southern Worker" was launched on August 16, 1930, with a print run of 3,000 copies. Although billed as "a paper of and for both the white and black workers and farmers," in fact the content was heavily skewed towards coverage of the daily life and problems of the region's black population.
In this capacity Allen consistently advocated for the Communist Party's political line of the day, which included a demand for self-determination of the so-called "Black Belt" of the American South, populated at the time by nearly one-half of the country's entire African-American population.
Allen's actual time spent in the South was limited, as he was forced by the pressure of underground life to return to New York in 1931. Allen remained a member of the Party's Southern District committee, however, and in that capacity he played a prominent role in all of the CPUSA's major regional activities during the early 1930s; the organizing of Alabama sharecroppers, the Harlan, Kentucky miners' strike and the Scottsboro case.
Emissary to the Philippines.
At the behest of the Communist International, Allen was sent to Manila, capital of the Philippines (then an American protectorate) on two missions in an attempt to end sectarian squabbling and achieve unity between the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) and the rival Socialist Party of the Philippines (SPP), established in 1933. In accord with the strategy of the popular front, the Comintern sought to build broad alliances against the rising tide of fascism and was therefore interested in minimizing conflict between Communist and Socialist forces.
The first of Allen's trips to the Philippines came in 1936. Allen's mission was that of convincing Crisanto Evangelista, General Secretary of the CPP, and his jailed comrades to accept a conditional pardon from Philippine President Manuel L. Quezón and to gain their freedom in order to lead the fight against the rising tide of Japanese militarism. Allen then spoke personally with President Quezón and convinced him of the urgent need for Philippine unity in the face of Japanese expansionism in the region. Allen was successful in making his case both to the jailed Communists and the Philippine President, and Evangelista and other imprisoned Communist leaders were released on December 31, 1936.
Allen returned to the Philippines in September 1938 on a new mission. This time Allen sought to expand the conditional pardons granted to Evangelista and his associates to the full restoration of civil rights so that they might better mobilize radical Philippine workers against fascism through public meetings and mass demonstrations. Allen presented President Quezón with petitions gathered by various labor organizations and successfully made the case for a full pardon for the Communist leaders. This absolute pardon was granted on December 24, 1938, in the context of a Christmas amnesty. 
Next Allen sought to broker actual unity between the Philippine Communist and Socialist Parties, conferring both with the CPP leadership and with Pedro Abad Santos, President of the SPP, on the matter. Allen used the utmost diplomacy in making his case to Santos to bury tactical differences with the Communists and to accept merger in the interest of constructing a stronger organization in opposition to fascism. Unity between the organizations was achieved at the 3rd National Congress of the Communist Party of the Philippines, held from October 29 to 31, 1938. 
Allen addressed this gathering, conveying the greetings of CPUSA General Secretary Earl Browder, who had himself been a Comintern representative to the Philippines in 1927. The united organization temporarily took the cumbersome name "Communist Party of the Philippines (merger of the Communist and Socialist parties)" until later re-adopting the more simple "Communist Party of the Philippines" again. Crisanto Evangelista was named National Chairman and Pedro Abad Santos Vice Chairman of the newly united organization.
His mission accomplished, Allen returned to the United States and composed a long and detailed report on his trip, a document dated February 13, 1939.
World War and Cold War.
Allen was then assigned a position as the foreign editor of the "Sunday Worker" — a weekly newspaper launched in January 1936 as an effort to reach a broader audience than did the more intense and authoritative "Daily Worker." The "Sunday Worker" was edited by Al Richmond, who later remembered Allen as "a scholarly, serene man who did the serious political commentary and analysis."
Allen was drafted into the United States Army in 1944.
During the Cold War years Allen was compelled to appear as a witness before the House Un-American Activities Committee.
On February 21, 1952, Allen was called before the Senate Judiciary Committee, chaired by Senator Pat McCarran of Nevada, in conjunction with its investigation of the Institute of Pacific Relations.
During the 1956 to 1958 factional crisis in the Communist Party USA, Allen placed his allegiance with the hardline pro-Soviet wing against a dissident faction favoring liberalization of internal party life and a distancing of the American Communist movement from the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. When the leader of hardliners, Gus Hall, emerged triumphant and was named General Secretary of the CPUSA in 1958, Allen was elected to the party's governing Central Committee at the same time. Allen was also tapped at that time to serve as secretary of the CPUSA's National Program Committee, in charge of developing programmatic and educational documents for the party, remaining in this position until 1966. In this capacity, Allen helped develop early drafts of the party program.
While Allen staunchly the Soviet Union during its armed suppression of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, he was critical of similar action in 1968 to down the Prague Spring in Czechoslovakia. This perspective, expressed internally at closed meetings of the party leadership, put Allen at odds with Gus Hall and other top officials of the CPUSA. Since he did not express his opposition publicly Allen was not expelled from the Communist Party, but at the next National Convention of the organization in 1972 he was quietly removed from the Central Committee, effectively cashiering him from the ranks of top party leadership.
Book publisher.
By 1951, Allen was working for International Publishers (IP). 
From 1962 to 1972 Allen headed IP, the Communist Party's publishing house. Allen recalled that he initially did not wish to permanently enter the world of book publishing, having no background in business affairs and understanding that the occupation would leave little time for research and writing. However, the retiring founder of International Publishers, Alexander Trachtenberg, had prevailed upon Allen to accept the position as chief of the financially troubled firm.
While Allen had briefly headed International Publishers during Trachtenberg's prosecution in the 1950s under the Smith Act, he found IP in dire financial straits as he began his second stint as a publisher: When I returned to IP in 1962 as president and editor-in-chief the house faced bankruptcy. Its publishing program had practically ceased, its debt to the publishers' services was so great without any prospect of payment in sight that the printers refused to undertake new work and the binders refused to release our books in stock. Fortunately, Trachty had some reserve funds that I drew upon immediately. I also arranged small loans from a number of our devoted readers. I also sent out an unprecedented appeal for donations to keep the publishing house going. We were thus able to meet the payroll and office expenses, and also to pay off enough of our debt to resume publishing.
At IP, Allen was responsible for introducing the production of a series of inexpensive "New World Paperbacks" which made reissues of classic Marxist canon more readily available to a new generation of political activists and college students. During a cross-country sales trip Allen had been convinced that the book trade was coming to be dominated by the paperback format and that if IP were to survive in the new environment it would need to retool its offerings. Old sets of book sheets not yet bound into covers were gathered up at the bindery, some having laid unused for years, and a new set of cover designs was commissioned. Fifteen titles were thus assembled at minimal cost and launched en masse onto the market, promoted by a special catalog. The inexpensive series gained ready acceptance in the market.
Allen worked to expand the number of Black authors on International's list, reissuing works by W. E. B. Du Bois, personally editing the autobiography of Communist New York City Council member Benjamin J. Davis, Jr., and adding works by Henry Winston, Claude Lightfoot, and others.
In 1968 Allen was selected as the American editor of the 50-volume "Marx-Engels Collected Works" project, a joint publishing project between International Publishers, Lawrence and Wishart in the United Kingdom, and Progress Publishers in Moscow. The 3-way nature of the project was a product of the fact that the project had been proposed to Moscow more or less simultaneously by the Communist Party of Great Britain and the CPUSA. Whereas interest in the project on the American side outside of Allen was tepid, the British assembled a team of top party intellectuals, headed by Maurice Cornforth, to work with the Soviet publishing agency to make the massive project a reality. 
Allen and Cornforth were instrumental in the decision to integrate the correspondence between Karl Marx and Frederick Engels with the mass of letters between each of these and other correspondents — a significant change from previously published editions in other languages. The first volume of the edition saw print in 1975 and the 50th and final volume was ultimately published in 2004 — many years after Allen's death.
In 1975, Lou Diskin took over the firm.
Death and legacy.
James S. Allen died in 1986.
Allen's papers are held by the Tamiment Library and Robert F. Wagner Labor Archives at New York University in New York City. The collection includes approximately 1,500 pages of investigative documents dealing with Allen that were written over the years by special agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Also included is the manuscript of an unpublished memoir entitled "Visions and Revisions," part of which was published posthumously as "Organizing in the Depression South: A Communist's Memoir" in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31006880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006880" title="2010 WPA World Nine-ball Championship">
2010 WPA World Nine-ball Championship

The 2010 WPA World Nine-ball Championship (a.k.a. the World Pool Championship 2010) was the professional nine-ball pocket billiards (pool) championship, sanctioned by the World Pool-Billiard Association (WPA) and organised by Matchroom Sport. It was held from 29 June through 5 July in Doha, Qatar, hosted by the Qatar Billiards and Snooker Federation. Qualifying tournaments were held from 25 through 29 June in the same city.

</doc>
<doc id="31006884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006884" title="Ben Fricke">
Ben Fricke

Benjamin Todd Fricke (November 3, 1975 – February 21, 2011) was an American football player who spent three seasons in the National Football League (NFL) with the Dallas Cowboys football franchise.
Fricke died on February 21, 2011, age 35, from colon cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31006888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006888" title="Arun Raha">
Arun Raha

Arun Raha was, until January 31, 2012, the Executive Director and Chief Economist for the State of Washington, a position he took on September 2, 2008. 
He has a Ph.D. in Economics from Washington State University. He worked previously as Swiss Re in New York. He has also received national awards for his financial forecasting from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, and from the Wall Street Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="31006907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006907" title="André de Waal">
André de Waal

André A. de Waal (born June 11, 1960 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch business theorist, consultant, and associate professor at Maastricht School of Management, known for his contributions on performance management and high performance organizations. 
Biography.
He received a Master of Science degree in 1983 at the University of Leiden (The Netherlands). and a MBA in 1985 at Northwestern University. He received his doctorate in 2002 at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, with a thesis on "The Role of Behavioral Factors in the successful Implementation and Use of Performance Management". 
He worked for seventeen years as an organizational advisor and partner at Arthur Andersen and the Holland Consulting Group. As a consultant and researcher he primarily focuses on strategic performance management and organizations that excel. 
In December 2007 he founded his own advisory and research company, Center for Organizational Performance, in Hilversum, The Netherlands. Besides acting as the academic director there, he is Associate Professor High Performance Organizations at Maastricht School of Management, visiting lecturer at Erasmus University Rotterdam and the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. In 2009 De Waal received the Highly Commended Award from the" International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management" for one of his articles, "Stimulating performance-driven behaviour to obtain better results" 
In 2012 De Waal received the Highly Commended Award at the Literati Network Awards for Excellence 2012 for his publication “The Evolutionary Adoption Framework: explaining the budgeting paradox” published in Journal of Accounting & Organizational Change. 
He was selected by managementboek.nl as one of ten "Dutch Masters in Management." 
The article entitled “Longitudinal research into factors of high performance: the follow-up case of Nabil Bank” published in Measuring Business Excellence has been chosen as an Outstanding Paper Award Winner at the Literati Network Awards for Excellence 2012. 
Publications.
De Waal is the author of a number of books on the subject in English and Dutch, of which two have been translated into Chinese. . A selection:

</doc>
<doc id="31006925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006925" title="Knut Höhne">
Knut Höhne

Knut Höhne (born 19 November 1949) is a German fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31006928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006928" title="Warfalla">
Warfalla

The Warfalla () is one of branches of the tribe Houara, Live in the west of Libya, in Bani Walid. While the Warfalla tribe has often been identified with the Gaddafi regime, there are many Warfalla who actively opposed his rule, including Mahmoud Jibril (el-Warfally), the titular head of the opposition National Transitional Council (NTC).
The Warfalla historically inhabited the area of what is between the towns of Bani Walid and Sirte. Due to their support to the Gaddafi during 42 years of his reign, the Warfalla tribe became the most armed and powerful tribe in Libya
The Warfalla tribe is composed of 52 sub-tribes that consist of Individual "bayt"s or Clans. They claim lineage from the Banu Hilal tribe which swept North Africa from Arabia via Egypt in the 11th century. Intermarriage with Libyans tribesmen resulted in the complete Arabization of the region by the time of the Ottoman conquest in the 16th century.
During the Italian invasion of Libya the Warfalla tribe, under the leadership of Bel Khayre, fought against the invaders until the fall of Bani Walid, the Warfalla tribe's territory in December 1923.
There was a civil war between the tribes and peasants of the Jabal al Gharbi District from 1920 to 1922.
Gaddafi has drawn many of his security personnel from the Warfalla tribe, and placed certain Warfalla leaders in his "revolutionary committees" (besides members of the Maqarha and his own Qadhafa tribe),
Members of the Warfalla tribe had participated in the unsuccessful 1993 Libyan coup attempt against Gaddafi, as a result, a number of Warfalla leaders and civilians were either imprisoned or executed.
In the early weeks of the 17 February 2011 Revolution the Warfalla tribe leaders gave their support to the Gaddafi regime.

</doc>
<doc id="31006975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31006975" title="Jessica Mezey">
Jessica Mezey

Jessica Mezey is an American prima ballerina.
Life.
She began her ballet training in upstate New York, continuing in Arizona, New York City and finally at the famous Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet in St. Petersburg (Russia), where she received her diploma.
She has danced the entire classical repertoire, as well as neoclassic and diverse modern styles.
She has danced leading roles in many national theaters including the leading part of Medora of the ballet "Le Corsaire" from Adolphe Adam at the Slovak National Theatre, or in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Azerbaijan and Mongolia. The following ballets were choreographed on her in the "Volkstheater Rostock" (Germany) from 2005 to 2009: "The Nutcracker", "Cinderella" (from Sergei Prokofiev), "Romeo and Juliet", "Swan Lake" and "Undine" from Hans Werner Henze.
She has toured extensively in Europe, America and Asia. 
She also writes concepts for fashion shows, events and theater productions. She has lastly created and directed two original theater productions in Alt Klöstermühle, Madlitz (Germany). Presently she lives and works in New York and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31007001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007001" title="Irmela Broniecki">
Irmela Broniecki

Irmela Broniecki (born 26 April 1944) is a German fencer. She competed in the women's individual and team foil events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31007019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007019" title="It's All Dubstep">
It's All Dubstep

"It's All Dubstep" is the second compilation by Iwrestledabearonce. The EP was released on November 8, 2010 as a free download. The EP features five dubstep remixes of four different songs from their album, "It's All Happening". It was released for free Digital Download via the band's Facebook page.

</doc>
<doc id="31007033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007033" title="Roger Jenkins">
Roger Jenkins

Roger Jenkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31007036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007036" title="Vincent Tchenguiz">
Vincent Tchenguiz

Vincent Tchenguiz (born October 1956) is a Iranian-British entrepreneur born in Tehran, brother of Robert Tchenguiz. 
Early life and education.
Tchenguiz was born in Teheran to an Iraqi-Jewish family, the son of Victor and Violet Khadouri. His family left Iraq in 1948 and settled in Iran, where his father, a jeweler, worked for the Shah and ran the country's mint. He also changed the family surname from Khadouri to Tchenguiz. In 1979 the family moved in England after the Iranian revolution. He has one brother and one sister: Robert Tchenguiz and Lisa Tchenguiz (formerly married to BBC Radio 1 disc jockey, Gary Davies, and South African-born Del Monte CEO, Vivian Imerman).
Tchenguiz completed his Iranian education in Tehran in 1973. He subsequently completed a business administration course at Boston University and then went on to earn a Bachelor of Science in Commerce and a Bachelor of Science Honours in Economics from Montreal’s McGill University in 1978. A master’s degree in business administration from New York University followed two years later.
Career.
Upon completion of university, Vincent Tchenguiz took employment in London with Prudential Bache as senior vice president of their fund management division, where he traded financial instruments. In 1986, he went on to another senior vice president position, this time trading financial instruments for Shearson Lehman Brothers in London.
Two years later, he and brother Robert established a commercial property business, Rotch Property Group. Vincent Tchenguiz is joint managing director and joint chairman. In 2002, Vincent Tchenguiz set up Consensus Business Group, assuming the position of chairman. Consensus functions as the principal advisor to a family trust, advising on an investment portfolio of residential freeholds and commercial properties valued by Lazard in 2012 at approximately 3.0 billion pounds. Consensus also advises on other investments, including health care, clean technology, biotechnology, homeland security and holdings in funds valued at around 200 million pounds.
On March 10, 2011, Vincent Tchenguiz was arrested by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) as part of a wider investigation into the collapse of Icelandic bank, Kaupthing. However, he was released the same day without charge.
Subsequently, on March 16, 2011 the High Court in London ruled that Vincent Tchenguiz could sue Icelandic bank, Kaupthing for damages of £1 billion ($1.6 billion). In September 2011, Kaupthing reached an out of court settlement with the Tchenguiz Family Trust in their pursuit of damages against the Icelandic bank. All details of the settlement remain confidential.
On 5 December 2011, Vincent Tchenguiz and other parties in the case wrote to SFO, outlining details of allegation against the government department and seeking damages of c.£100 million.
On 22 December 2011, the SFO and the Treasury Solicitors Department (TSoI) admitted factual errors in the information used to obtain the warrants against Consensus Business Group and Vincent Tchenguiz; stated that the warrants should be quashed; and that material seized under the warrants would be returned that day. Furthermore, the SFO offered to pay reasonable legal costs.
Vincent Tchenguiz said: “It beggars belief that the SFO has taken so long to realise the error of their ways and I do not regard their actions … as being of their own initiative – their hand has been forced by our legal actions. Whilst I am glad that they have conceded to pay the significant legal costs incurred – the damage their actions have caused, both financial and to my reputation, are far greater. I intend to pursue them through the civil courts for damages.” 
In December 2012 the Financial Times reported that the brothers are to seek up to £180m in damages from the SFO.
Vincent Tchenguiz is unmarried, resides in Mayfair, London, with additional homes in St. Tropez and Cape Town. He maintains a 130-foot Mangusta motor yacht on the French Riviera named “Veni Vidi Vici,” Latin for “I came, I saw, I conquered.”

</doc>
<doc id="31007043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007043" title="Brigitte Oertel">
Brigitte Oertel

Brigitte Oertel (born 11 October 1953) is a German fencer who competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics; in 1976, she finished in 18th and fourth place in the individual and team foil events, respectively. She won a silver medal in the team foil at the 1977 World Fencing Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31007071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007071" title="Karin Rutz-Gießelmann">
Karin Rutz-Gießelmann

Karin Rutz-Gießelmann (born 16 January 1948) is a German fencer who competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics in foil events; her teams finished in fifth and fourth place, respectively. She won a silver team foil medal at the 1977 World Fencing Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31007079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007079" title="Lebia grandis">
Lebia grandis

Lebia grandis is a ground beetle in the family Carabidae found in North America. It is a specialist predator on the eggs and larvae of Colorado potato beetles, and its larvae are obligate parasitoids of Colorado potato beetle pupae.
Description.
"Lebia grandis" is the largest species in its genus found in North America. It is about one centimetre long with a rusty orange head, thorax and legs, a black abdomen and an iridescent blue or purple lustre to the dark coloured elytra. These are wide but rather shorter than the abdomen which protrudes posteriorly.
Life cycle.
Adult "Lebia grandis" ground beetles overwinter in soil in or near potato fields. In the spring Colorado potato beetles emerge from hibernation. By the time "Lebia grandis" beetles emerge a few weeks later, there are eggs and young larvae of their prey for them to eat and suitable pupae will soon be available for their larvae to attack. An adult beetle can eat about twenty three eggs or three third instar larvae of the Colorado potato beetle each day. After mating, the females lay eggs singly in the soil near potato plants. A glandular secretion causes soil granules to stick to the eggs which serves to camouflage them. Each female can lay up to 1300 eggs over the course of a few months. 
The eggs hatch after about two weeks and the first instar larvae search out Colorado potato beetle larvae that are about to pupate. They may follow an odour trail left behind by the burrowing larvae and they need to reach the pupation chamber before it is sealed. They sink their mandibles into the integument of their hosts and start feeding, killing the host in the process. After moulting they cease feeding and soon metamorphose into the pupal stage. Adult ground beetles emerge about three weeks after the eggs were hatched.
Use in biological control.
The significance of "Lebia grandis" in keeping Colorado Potato Beetle under control was not originally fully appreciated because of the largely nocturnal habits of the adult beetles and the subterranean existence of the larvae. In fact it was about a hundred years after its first description as a species that the larvae were discovered to have a parasitoid habit. 
Because it specifically targets Colorado potato beetles and is native to North America, "Lebia grandis" shows promise as a biological control species in the United States. However it does not usually occur in sufficient numbers to effect complete control. Populations may need to be augmented by releasing adult beetles but rearing these in bulk presents certain difficulties that have not yet been overcome. Other predators such as the spotted lady beetle ("Coleomegilla maculata") also prey on Colorado potato beetles but "Lebia grandis" is constrained by its chrysomelid larval host to habituate potato fields while other predators may disperse to other sources of food. 
Research.
The historical records for "Lebia grandis" show that it was present in areas where "Leptinotarsa decemlineata" was not found. This would seem to imply that at one time it parasitized a different species.
The original host plant of the Colorado potato beetle, "Leptinotarsa decemlineata" was the buffalo bur, "Solanum rostratum", in Mexico. No association has been found between "Lebia grandis" and "Leptinotarsa 'decemlineata" on this host plant. In the 1850s, "Leptinotarsa decemlineata" began to feed on the potato plant and spread rapidly eastwards on potato crops. "Lebia grandis" may have had a relationship prior to this with the false potato beetle, "Leptinotarsa juncta" which feeds on horsenettle, "Solanum carolinense". Another closely related chrysomid beetle, "Leptinotarsa haldemani" is recorded from Texas, Oklahoma, Arizona and Mexico, where it lives on wild species of "Physalis" and "Solanum douglasii", but its range does not overlap with "Lebia grandis" except possibly in Texas.
In an attempt to find the original species associated with "Lebia grandis", research was undertaken examining its prey preferences and the suitability of the three chrysomelid species, "L. decemlineata", "L. juncta" and "L. haldemani" as hosts for its larvae. 
Adult "Lebia grandis" beetles were offered suitable sized larvae of these three chrysomelid species and the number of larvae of each species that were eaten was noted. A similar experiment was performed using the eggs of the three chrysomelid species. The "Lebia grandis" adults showed no significant difference in the number of larvae of each prey species they chose to eat, but they did differentiate between their eggs. "L. juncta" egg consumption averaged nearly twice as high as "L. decemlineata" egg consumption, with "L. haldemani" being in an intermediate position.
In another experiment, a first instar larva of "Lebia grandis" was placed in close proximity to a 4th instar chrysomelid larva that was about to pupate. The success rate of parasitism in each of the three prey species was noted. Successful development of "Lebia grandis" from first instar larva to adult occurred with each of the three species of "Leptinotarsa". However the success rate recorded for "L. juncta" was about 43% as compared to 12% for the other two species.
These studies would seem to support the view that "Lebia grandis" was originally exclusively a parasitoid of "L. juncta", but that the opportunity afforded by its encounter with "L. decemlineata" less than 150 years ago enabled it to exploit this new and abundant food source.

</doc>
<doc id="31007096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007096" title="Anthony M. Jones">
Anthony M. Jones

Anthony M. Jones (born March 31, 1982), is a music producer/songwriter for EMI Music Publishing. He has produced for artists and groups such as R. Kelly, Mary J. Blige, Keri Hilson, and Neverest. 
The single "About Us" which he produced for Neverest recently won a SOCAN No. 1 Song Award. The video reached #1 on the MuchMore video countdown. This is his second successful single to be released in Canada. The first was "Last Time" by George Nozuka

</doc>
<doc id="31007100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007100" title="Thomas Welland">
Thomas Welland

Thomas James Welland (31 March 1830-29 July 1907) was an Irish Anglican bishop.
Welland was born in Dublin and educated at Trinity College, Dublin and ordained in 1854. He began his ordained ministry as a curate at Carlow, after which he was vicar of Painstown and then assistant chaplain of the Mariners’ Church in Kingstown. He was the clerical secretary of the Jews’ Society, Ireland from 1862 to 1866 and then assistant chaplain at Christ Church, Dublin until 1870. He the became the incumbent at St Thomas’s Belfast from 1870 until his ordination to the episcopate as the Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore in 1892. He died in post on 29 July 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="31007117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007117" title="Neil Moore (musician)">
Neil Moore (musician)

Neil Moore is the founder and executive director of Simply Music, an international music education institution with over 700 locations worldwide. He also created the Simply Music piano method and composed much of the music used in the institution's piano and the accordion programs.
Early life.
Moore was born in 1957 in Melbourne, Australia to parents who loved music and required all their five children to take piano lessons. Although Moore felt a strong connection with music from early childhood, he did not learn to read notes until much later. In piano lessons, he would watch his teacher play and reconstruct what he heard by visualizing shapes and patterns. By age twelve Moore played a large repertoire of music, and he kept playing piano through adolescence and into adulthood, never thinking he could turn his passion for piano into a career.
Adult life.
Through early adulthood, Moore continued with piano while establishing a successful career in the restaurant and wine industries. He hoped to do well enough to retire from business and pursue music. Everything seemed to be going as planned until one business that Moore acquired lost all its assets in a stock market crash. Facing this crisis brought clarity and a new direction for Moore. He decided to put his love of music first. Moore began taking open-enrollment music classes at the Australian arts institution, The Victorian College of the Arts. During this time, he was recruited to teach a new music reading program to both students and instructors. He later relocated to California to bring that reading program to the United States.
Simply Music.
The idea for Simply Music came when Moore was asked to teach an eight-year-old blind child how to play piano. Obviously, traditional methods using sheet music would not work in this case. Instead, Neil translated the music into shapes and patterns like he had used as a child. Within a few months the boy was playing a range of blues, popular, and classical pieces. When Moore asked the boy's father if he was happy with his son's progress, the father responded, "Not only are we happy with it, but he’s teaching his four-year-old sister how to play this way, and she’s blind too."
In this key moment, Moore realized this approach might work more universally. He began designing materials and introducing the program to other young children and found that they quickly learned sophisticated music and gained a natural connection with it. He started testing his program more widely, with a range of ages, abilities, and teachers. He then expanded to reach older adults, students with developmental disabilities, and troubled youth. In every case, students found success. Not only did everyone learn to play piano, but they could also teach others how to play.
The Simply Music institution was founded as a way to formalize the method and organize a system for sharing it, eventually with teachers throughout the world. Simply Music is now offered in over 700 locations worldwide. It has broadened to support programs from birth through old age, including early childhood music and movement classes, piano and accordion lessons, audio production tutorials, and quality of life care for the elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="31007135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007135" title="Fabián Castillo">
Fabián Castillo

Fabián Andrés Castillo Sánchez (born 17 June 1992) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for FC Dallas in Major League Soccer.
Club career.
Deportivo Cali.
Castillo started his career in the youth ranks of Colombian side Deportivo Cali. In 2010 he joined the first team and became an important player for the club. On 18 July 2010, he scored his first professional goal with Deportivo Cali in a 1–1 draw against Deportes Tolima. In his first year with the club he appeared in 18 league matches and scored 3 goals. He also was able to help Deportivo Cali capture the 2010 Copa Colombia.
FC Dallas.
He made his debut for Dallas on 26 March 2011, in a 2–1 loss to the San Jose Earthquakes. Castillo was named to the MLS Team of Week 9 in the 2011 MLS season for his play against Philadelphia Union and Toronto FC. He scored his first goal for the club against the Los Angeles Galaxy on 1 May 2011.
International career.
Castillo has participated in various youth national teams for Colombia, including the Under-17 and Under-20 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31007146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007146" title="James Hogan (American football)">
James Hogan (American football)

James J. Hogan (November 1, 1876 – March 20, 1910) was an Irish American football player. He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1954.
He played for the Yale Bulldogs football team from 1901 to 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="31007154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007154" title="Erika Bethmann">
Erika Bethmann

Erika Bethmann (born 31 August 1939) is a German fencer. She competed in the women's team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31007211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007211" title="Screaming Banshee Aircrew">
Screaming Banshee Aircrew

Screaming Banshee Aircrew were a minimal post-punk/Gothic Rock/Trashvogue alternative band originating from York, England.
Formation.
Formed in April 2001, they began as a four-piece alternative/deathrock/post-punk band and made their debut performance featuring a mixture of their own material and Rocky Horror covers on 16 November 2001 at The Winning Post, York for the Deviation clubnight. Their initial sound varied from tongue in cheek humour and rockabilly to sombre ballads and dancefloor stompers, influences include bands such as The March Violets, The Horatii, The Cramps, The Cure, Bauhaus, David Bowie and New Model Army.
The band quickly gained a reputation as an energetic live act and were to gather a fanbase across the UK, especially within the Gothic Rock circuit (see Goth subculture), during this time with an act that featured DAT tape backing, guitars and interwoven male and female lead vocals.
Early Releases.
Self released material during this period include the "No Camping" EP (2001) and "Titanic Verses" (2003), followed in the same year by a compilation album "Titanic Verses - Now With Extra Wreckage". "Titanic Verses" was to receive a favourable review in the Summer 2003 issue of Meltdown Magazine and the band appeared in a two-page spread interview for Bubblegum Slut Fanzine following their first South of England show at "Insanitorium" in Colchester that year.
After their second appearance in London, the band was signed to the Resurrection Records label in early 2004. As a result of this, the album "Fishnet Messiah" was released worldwide on the Resurrection Records label in October 2004 with the album launch show taking place at the Camden Underworld along with fellow label-mates The Ghost Of Lemora and The Scary Bitches. SBA toured throughout the UK including festival appearances at Dark City (Edinburgh), Whitby Gothic Weekend, Carnival of Souls, Morecambe Goth Festival, Misery Of Sound, Malediction Festival (Reading), Gotham Festival (Islington Academy), Gotherham Festival, Symphony In Black and the Beyond The Veil Festival (Leeds) where they were interviewed by East Leeds Radio.
Popularity in the gothic scene.
Hand in hand with increased exposure and performances in the South of England, the Screaming Banshee Aircrew were to also receive increasing media attention. "Hello Mr Hyde", a track from the new "Fishnet Messiah" album was regularly making the playlist of Natasha's Batcave on Total Rock Radio, broadcasting weekly on both streaming internet and Sky Digital. The album received a favourable a review in the Winter 2004 issue of Kaleidoscope, this publication also featured the band in its "Top Ten" section. Interviews with the band also appeared in the Summer 2004 issue of Kaleidoscope and The Worst Fanzine. Their performance at the Beyond The Veil Festival was to be reviewed in the May 2004 edition of Starvox Music Zine and the band was featured in the "Bands to watch out for this year" section of Meltdown Magazine (Winter 2004). May 2004 the Screaming Banshee Aircrew were interviewed on University Radio York and by 2006 their music was being used for soundtracks on Meltdown TV (a show aired on the Detonator.tv channel) and the August edition of CGI comic drama Bloodspell (later to be compiled into the Bloodspell movie).
24 January 2005 - Article on the Screaming Banshee Aircrew headlined Tsunami Charity event in the York Daily Gazette
3 March 2006 - Screaming Banshee Aircrew performance at the 'Eating The Elephant' club night at The White Room in Hull reviewed by Sandman Magazine.
The track "Uproot Them" from their debut release was included on the German compilation album "Kultur Ruine" 2005 release.
By 2007 the band had increased their lineup to a six-piece and added live drums and violin to their stageshow. This lineup was to release a live DVD, "Screaming Banshee Aircrew: Do London", distributed by Resurrection Records and featuring footage of their London show in February 2008 at famous music venue the Bull And Gate, London.
The second album on the Resurrection Records deal, "When All Is Said And Done" was released in June 2007.
Particularly notable events during this year included an opening performance at Leeds Metropolitan University with Chris Reed Unit (ex-Red Lorry Yellow Lorry), Salvation, James Ray and the newly reunited The March Violets in their homecoming show.
A second appearance in April at the Whitby Gothic Weekend would also result in the band being mentioned in the 2008 publication, "The Dead Travel Fast: Stalking Vampires from Nosferatu To Count Chocula". The band would then be featured in the May 2007 Guardian/Observer article "We bonded over the goths and the punks" by Ed Vulliamy as a result of their UK 2007 tour support for The Birthday Massacre. Other coverage during this period included 2-page interview in The Worst Fanzine, a review of "When All Is Said And Done" in Unscene Magazine, an interview in the Nemesis To Go online magazine, a full page article by Brian Heywood in the Luton News and an appearance in the "Goth Incoming" section of the September 2007 issue of Metal Hammer. The band would also appear in several issues of The Mick (Issues 8 to 12), an online magazine by author and ex Melody Maker writer Mick Mercer as well as in his 2009 book publication, "Music to Die For" (Cherry Red Books).
Between 2001 and 2008 Screaming Banshee Aircrew would perform with a large assortment of European and US bands from the goth/deathrock/punk/rockabilly/alternative genre including: Nosferatu, Skeletal Family, Cauda Pavonis, Joy Disaster, The Surf Sluts, The Finger Puppets, Spares, Zombina and The Skeletones, Pink Hearse, Corrosion, The Ghost Of Lemora, Scary Bitches, Manuskript, Libitina, The Way of All Flesh, Pro Jekt, Antiworld (US), Sleeping Children (France), The Modern, DeathBoy, Devilish Presley, Leisur::Hive, Razorblade Kisses, Abigails Mercy, Psychophile, Lupine, Voices Of Masada, Neon Zoo, Rhombus, Killing Miranda, Midnight Configuration, Zeitgeist Zero, All Gone Dead, The Eternal Fall, Penetration, Gothminster, ASP, Inkubus Sukkubus,
Theatre Of Tragedy, M.A.B., DUST, Captain Sensible, Gene Loves Jezebel, Voltaire (US), Clan Of Xymox, Mercurine.
SBA also performed as UK tour supports for profile U.S. acts such as The Cruxshadows, The Last Dance and The Birthday Massacre.
Final appearances.
2009 saw the band reduce back to a 4 piece and switch focus towards a darker minimal, post-punk sound with tribal drumming and increased use of violin. Their final album, "Sugar", was produced by Jim Spencer (most famous for his work with The Charlatans) and released on the Resurrection Records label in July 2010. This lineup was to appear extensively in London, including a notable performance for the Red Stripe Awards, as reviewed by The Fly. During this period, the Screaming Banshee Aircrew would perform with a range of post-punk acts such as Wayne Hussey, Violet Violet, The Mai 68s, I Concur, Object, Luxury Stranger, GLASS, The Vile Imbeciles, The Gaa Gaas, Hindley, Cold In Berlin, ROMANCE, and The Dogbones. "Sugar" was reviewed on Sphere Magazine and the band were featured on the NME website's "NME: Freakscene - The Screaming Banshee Aircrew - Make Some Noise!". Around this time, SBA were to be referenced in "The Bats Have Left The Bell Tower", an article on the role London plays in Goth music on LondonNet.
Dissolution.
The Screaming Banshee Aircrew finally disbanded in July 2010 with a set of performances for Chamber at New Cross in London and the DV8 Festival in York which featured a guest appearance from original guitarist, Nick Daniel. This final performance was reviewed in the Terrorizor Magazine pull-out, Dominion Magazine and they would record their final interview at this event for Sphere Magazine.
Sept 2010 - article on the Terrorizer website cites Screaming Banshee Aircrew as an example of a band that attempted to bridge the gap between mainstream perceptions of Goth music and the underground Goth scene in the UK. Screaming Banshee Aircrew were also covered (and pictured) in "Worldwide Gothic: A Chronicle of a Tribe" by respected journalist and presenter, Natasha Scharf.
Despite several lineup changes, SBA largely retained its original core members. The final lineup consisted of: Mister Ed, Chris Banshee, Jo Violet and Neal Unreal.
Following the breakup, Jo Violet, Neal Unreal and Chris Banshee would join Alex King of York band GLASS to begin performing under the name Berlin Black And The Shades Of Grey, which had previously been Chris Banshee's solo project. Berlin Black were to perform their debut performance at the DV8 Festival the day after the final Screaming Banshee Aircrew show.
June 2010 Chris Banshee and Neal Unreal were announced as the new members of Simon York's band Luxury Stranger in time for a European tour supporting Chameleons Vox.
Chris Banshee would also go on to run the Trash Vogue Records independent record label.
Neal Unreal continues to work closely with John Richards, Danai Pappa and the Dirty Electronics Ensemble.
Singer/songwriter Ed Banshee (Mister Ed) made a guest appearance with Devilish Presley in March 2011 and went on to co-found the Partly Faithful with Gemma Thompson (Hindley, John and Jehn, Savages) and Chris Brown (Somewhere Outside New York, Dr Vampire).
As well as her work with Berlin Black And The Shades Of Grey, Jo Violet would also go on to join the The March Violets as bassist, taking part in their Islington Academy 2010 reunion show and subsequently recording on their new album.

</doc>
<doc id="31007223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007223" title="English College, Lisbon">
English College, Lisbon

The English College, Lisbon (Portuguese "Convento dos Inglesinhos") was a Roman Catholic seminary that existed from the 17th century to the 20th century.
Early history.
In 1624 a college for English students wishing to study for the Catholic priesthood, and for mission work in England, was founded in Lisbon by Pedro Coutinho, a member of a prominent family. It was known as SS. Peter and Paul's (with greater formality the "Pontifical English College of Sts Peter and Paul - Lisbon"). It was awarded the same rights and privileges as the English College, Rome and was one of the Pontifical Colleges in the sense of being centrally controlled from Rome, one of the substantial group of institutions set up with the aim of maintaining the Catholic faith in England, Ireland, and Scotland.
The moving force behind the foundation was the priest William Newman (1577–1640), though he never became head of the College. Newman had been entrusted with property from the estate of the late Nicholas Ashton, a Catholic chaplain in Lisbon. Initial progress was slow after a papal brief of Pope Gregory XV in 1622, with only a church erected on property given by Coutinho, who also gave endowment. Richard Smith, the Catholic bishop in England, took a hand and sent one of his archdeacons, Joseph Haynes (also Hynes, Harvey). The foundation was supported by the arrival of group of students and teachers from the English College, Douai in 1628, the first president being Haynes. Haynes, however, then died quite suddenly, shortly after the college opened in 1629.
The second president was Thomas White, "alias" Blacklow, with William Clifford as vice-president. He was at the College for three years from 1630. His rules for its governance brought it under the Bishop of Chalcedon (the title used at the time by the Catholic bishop in England). Pursuing further funding and students in England, he was dissatisfied at the results and resigned.
Later history.
It suffered severely from the earthquake of 1755, but continued its work. The College finally closed in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="31007239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007239" title="Len Peralta">
Len Peralta

Len Peralta is a Cleveland-area graphic artist, illustrator, cartoonist, and podcaster who is known for zombie-themed caricatures and collaborations with nerd celebrities.
His Geek a Week project, which involves weekly podcast interviews over the course of a year of fifty-two influential geeks and the creation of collectible trading cards featuring original artwork depicting the interview subjects, is nearing completion, and the first batch of cards is available through ThinkGeek.
Previous projects include illustrations of the books "There's a Zombie in my Treehouse" by Ken Plume and John Robinson and "Silly Rhymes for Belligerent Children" by Trace Beaulieu. He has also been involved in several w00tstock performances, drawing commemorative poster art on stage during the performance.

</doc>
<doc id="31007240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007240" title="I before E except after C (disambiguation)">
I before E except after C (disambiguation)

"I before E except after C" is a mnemonic rule of thumb for English spelling.
I before E except after C may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31007256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007256" title="Florencia Marotta-Wurgler">
Florencia Marotta-Wurgler

Florencia Marotta-Wurgler is a Professor of Law at the New York University School of Law. Her specialties are contract law and commercial law. Much of her research involves e-commerce and contracting on the Internet. Her official NYU Law web page is here.
Biography.
Marotta-Wurgler was born in Buenos Aires. She obtained a B.A. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1996, where she was departmental valedictorian, and a J.D. from the NYU School of Law in 2001, where she was Robert McKay Scholar and winner of the Daniel G. Collins Prize for Excellence in Contract Law. 
Before her appointment at the NYU in 2006, she worked as an associate at Davis Polk & Wardwell, completed a fellowship at Fordham Law School’s Center for Corporate, Securities, and Financial Law, and completed a Wagner fellowship at the NYU Center for Law and Business.
She is a member of the New York State Bar Association, and a member of the Executive Committee of the Internet and Computer Law Section of the Association of American Law Schools. She has testified in the U.S. Senate on deceptive Internet sales tactics. 
Marotta-Wurgler has taught Contracts, Topics in E-Commerce, Sales, Corporations, and a Research Seminar for Future Academics.
Research.
Marotta-Wurgler’s research has focused on standard form contracting (boilerplate) on the Internet. Most of her papers can be downloaded here on SSRN. 

</doc>
<doc id="31007262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007262" title="Cvs.">
Cvs.

Cvs. is the currency sign for the Bolivian centavo.

</doc>
<doc id="31007265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007265" title="Angelle Brooks">
Angelle Brooks

Angelle Brooks (born August 11, 1967) is an American actress. She is perhaps best known for her co-starring role as Maxine de la Cruz in the series "V.I.P." as well as her recurring roles as Holly Brooks on "Malcolm & Eddie" and as Toni Ross on "The Parkers".
Since the mid-1990s, Brooks has guest starred in a number of notable television series namely "The Larry Sanders Show", "NYPD Blue", "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "The Young and the Restless", "Martin", "Family Matters", "Arli$$", "The King of Queens", "Strong Medicine", "The Sopranos", "The Wayans Bros.", "The Jamie Foxx Show", as well as providing the voice of Indira "Indy" Daimonji in the MTV series "".
She also appeared in the feature films "The Brothers" (2001), "Blue Hill Avenue" (2001), "Book of Love" (2002) and her feature film debut "Cappuccino" (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="31007267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007267" title="Joe Urbon">
Joe Urbon

Joseph Curtis Urbon (born March 6, 1968) is a sports agent and former professional baseball player. He is a Co-Head of Baseball at CAA Sports. CAA Sports is a division of Creative Artists Agency, an entertainment and sports agency, and represents more than 650 of the world's best athletes in baseball, football, hockey, basketball, soccer, tennis, and golf, in addition to icons in individual sports, Olympians, coaches, broadcasters, and other sports personalities.
Background.
Urbon is a native of Seattle, Washington, and played baseball at Kentridge High School and Washington State University, where he was a pitcher and played the outfield from 1987-1989. He was drafted in 1989 by the Philadelphia Phillies, as an outfielder. While pursuing a career as a professional baseball player, Urbon completed his education, graduating cum laude from WSU in 1990 with a B.A. in English.
Urbon played minor league baseball for the Batavia Clippers (1987), Spartanburg Phillies (1988), Clearwater Phillies (1988–1989) and Reno Silver Sox (1989). Urbon tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee while playing for the Silver Sox, which prematurely ended his playing career.
Sports agent.
Urbon is a Co-Head of CAA Sports’ Baseball division, along with Nez Balelo, Jeff Berry, Greg Landry, and Brodie Van Wagenen. 
CAA Baseball clients have participated in 52 All-Star games and won 13 Silver Slugger Awards, 12 Gold Glove Trophy Awards, four Rookie of the Year Awards, three Cy Young Awards and three League MVP Trophies. CAA Sports represents 67 First-Round draft selections and has negotiated more $150 million in amateur draft signing bonuses.
Since Opening Day 2011, CAA has negotiated more than $849 million on contracts, which is at least $298 million more than any other agency. That includes seven deals of $50 million or more (Ryan Braun, Matt Cain, Ryan Zimmerman, Adam Jones, Andre Ethier, John Danks and Mark Buehrle.)
In 1992, Urbon joined sports and entertainment agency Octagon (then Advantage International) rising through the ranks before being named Managing Director of Octagon Baseball in 1998. In addition to clients that included First Round Draft picks, Rookie of the Year, All-Stars and future Hall of Famers, Urbon led Octagon’s push into international markets, particularly Japan, where he signed such notable stars as Kazuhisa Ishii (Los Angeles Dodgers), Kosuke Fukudome (Chicago Cubs) and Hiroki Kuroda (Los Angeles Dodgers).
Urbon joined CAA Sports in 2008, bringing with him his stable of clients including All-Stars Grady Sizemore (Boston Red Sox) and Jason Bay (free agent) and rising young stars James Loney (Tampa Bay Rays) and Denard Span (Washington Nationals), among many others.
The many Major League contracts Urbon has negotiated include Bay’s four-year, $66 million deal with the Mets in 2009, Sizemore’s six-year, $23.45 million deal with the Indians (setting a record for a player with less than two years in the majors) and Span’s five-year, $16.5 million contract with the Twins.
In the draft, Urbon has negotiated signing bonuses for San Diego Padres 2012 first-round pick Max Fried ($3 million); St. Louis Cardinals 2012 second-round pick Carson Kelly ($1.6 million, more than $1 million above the assigned value of $574,300 for the No. 86 pick); and Boston Red Sox 2011 second-round pick Henry Owens ($1.55 million, more than $600,00 above the slot recommendation of $889,200).
Personal.
Urbon resides with his wife, Katherine, and three young children in Manhattan Beach, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="31007283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007283" title="Joe Forrester (TV series)">
Joe Forrester (TV series)

Joe Forrester (1975–1976) is an American Crime/Drama TV series, starring Lloyd Bridges.
Character.
Joe Forrester's character was created in the TV series "Police Story", in the episode "The Return of Joe Forrester", directed by Virgil W. Vogel. The original pilot was in the TV movie "Cop on the Beat" (1975), where the veteran cop Joe Forrester, to investigate a series of rapes and robberies committed by a youth gang.
Plot.
Forrester is a veteran cop in Los Angeles, who is making his rounds on foot. He is a highly respected official in the community and fighting crime every day. They catch thieves, drug dealers, murderers .. Joe Forrester catches the offender as he crosses his path.
References.
The Review of the news, Vol 12

</doc>
<doc id="31007296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31007296" title="Nuestra Belleza Durango 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Durango 2010

Nuestra Belleza Durango 2010, was held at the 1,000-seat Centro de Convenciones, Hotel Holiday, Durango, Durango on July 1, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Vanessa Crispín of Gómez Palacio was crowned the winner. Crispín was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Durango titleholder, Marcela Maynez. Eight contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
