<doc id="31047516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047516" title="Alfred-Philibert Aldrophe">
Alfred-Philibert Aldrophe

Alfred-Philibert Aldrophe (1834–1895) was a French architect.
Biography.
Born in Paris, he worked on the Great Exhibitions held in the city in 1855 and 1867. As the architect of the Consistory of Paris, in 1867 he began construction of the Grand Synagogue of Paris which opened in 1874, and became available for public worship in 1875. The Synagogue is in a Romanesque style, with flowers, embellished with Byzantine ornamentation. In 1886, he also built the Versailles Synagogue, in the novel style. 
He became the architect of Gustave de Rothschild, and built for him, between 1873 and 1883, his mansion, Hôtel de Marigny (now state property, annexed to the Palais de l'Élysée). After an initial phase of work, from 1873, a wing back pierced by a gate giving access to the courtyard was erected on the Avenue de Marigny, and another building was constructed along the street. Along this building, located in back yard, were Corinthian columns and a pediment carved from the former Hotel Choiseul. The Hotel de Marigny consists of a main building and a wing back to two levels above a basement housing services. The access door to the vestibule incorporates two sockets on the ground floor, while in the upper part, four Corinthian columns framing a bay and two niches and support coaching and pediment. 
Aldrophe also built for Gustave de Rothschild, in 1880, the Hayes Castle known as The Versini, Saint-Maximin, near Chantilly, Oise. 
He built the School Gustave de Rothschild, Rue Claude Bernard in Paris 5th Arrondisement. 
In 1873, recommended by the Rothschilds, he built the Hotel Thiers, place Saint-Georges in Paris 9th Arrondisement, today Dosne-Thiers Foundation, Institute of France. Pedimented facades topped by a balustrade inspired Louis XVI popular style around 1870. 
In 1894, he proposed a series of projects for an elegant mansion, adorned with Ionic columns of colossal order for Mr. Alphonse Falco on a plot 39, avenue Henri-Martin in Paris 16th Arrondissement.
In the same year, the Belgian king Leopold II appointed Aldrophe as the architect of the "Palais des Colonies", a museum building for the colonial section of the 1897 World Exhibition in Tervuren. Aldrophe died at Paris in 1895 and his plans for Tervuren was continued by Ernest Acker.

</doc>
<doc id="31047552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047552" title="Harry J. Brooks">
Harry J. Brooks

Harry J. Brooks (1903–1928) was an American test pilot. His crash of the Ford Flivver for the Stout Metal Airplane Division of the Ford Motor Company in 1928 was cited with the great depression as a factor in Henry Ford exiting the aviation business.
Early life.
Brooks grew up in Southfield, Michigan and became interested in aviation at an early age. At age nine, he saw the Wright brothers and one of their aircraft at a state fair. Brooks began pursuing his interest in aviation, taking flying lessons at a local airstrip, where he was observed on several occasions by Henry Ford. His father played the violin at dances at a local inn and met Ford. The elder Brooks invited Ford home for dinner and introduced him to his son.
Ford hired Harry to work in one of his auto plants. Several months later, Ford gave Harry a job as a test pilot for the Stout Metal Airplane Division of the Ford Motor Company. Although still very young, Brooks soon became Ford’s top pilot, as well as a close friend whom Ford nicknamed "Brooksie". Brooks demonstrated the capabilities of the new monoplane Ford Trimotor to biplane maker, William Boeing by handing him the controls and sitting back in the passenger cabin. For the first night flight of a Ford Trimotor, Brooks flew Charles Lindbergh's mother from Detroit to Cleveland. Brooks was also the pilot that flew Lindbergh's mother to Mexico, alongside the Spirit of St. Louis in their 1927 publicity trips. On February 10, 1927, Brooks flew the first aircraft guided solely by a radio-beacon system.
Ford Flivver.
When Ford released the new Ford Flivver in 1926, Brooks used the prototype to fly to his home just north of Ford Airport.
A third prototype, tail number 3218, with "long" wings was built to win a long distance record for light planes in "C" class. The race was set from Ford Field in Dearborn Michigan to Miami, Florida. A first attempt launched on 24 January 1928, witnessed by Henry Ford, landed short in Asheville, North Carolina. A second attempt, flying the second prototype, witnessed by Edsel Ford, Brooks launched from Detroit on February 21, 1928 but landed short in Titusville, Florida, where the propeller was bent, but still achieved a record.
Brooks attempted a long distance record attempt to fly from Ford Field in Dearborn Michigan to Miami, Florida. A first attempt launched on 24 January 1928, witnessed by Henry Ford, landed short in a forced landing at Asheville, North Carolina. A second attempt, flying the second prototype, witnessed by Edsel Ford, Brooks launched from Detroit on February 21, 1928 but landed short in Titusville, Florida, where the propeller was bent, but still achieved a record of flying 1,200 miles unrefueled.
During his overnight stay at Titusville, Brooks had repaired the aircraft, using a propeller from the forced landing. He had also placed wooden toothpicks in the vent holes of the fuel cap to prevent moist air from entering and condensing overnight. On February 25, Brooks took off to complete the race, circled out over the Atlantic where his motor quit and he went down off Melbourne, Florida. The wreckage of the Ford Flivver washed up, but Brooks' body was never found.
Investigation of the wreckage disclosed that the matchsticks had plugged the fuel cap vent holes, causing an engine stoppage.
Brooks was slated to be a pilot for Richard Evelyn Byrd's expeditions.

</doc>
<doc id="31047561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047561" title="Allan Williams (politician)">
Allan Williams (politician)

Louis Allan Williams (June 22, 1922 – February 28, 2011) was the Attorney-General of British Columbia from 1979 to 1983. He also held the posts of labour minister and minister responsible for native affairs. Williams died on February 28, 2011 following a long illness.
Williams was born in Glenavon, Saskatchewan and raised in Assiniboia, Saskatchewan. He moved with his parents to Vancouver, British Columbia in 1936. He served in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II. Williams later studied law at the University of British Columbia and was called to the British Columbia bar in 1950. He served six years on the West Vancouver Municipal Parks and Recreation Commission and was elected to the municipal council for West Vancouver in 1965. After leaving provincial politics, he returned to the practice of law. Williams served again on West Vancouver council from 1993 to 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31047577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047577" title="Van Nu en Straks">
Van Nu en Straks

Van Nu en Straks ("Of Now and Later" or "Today and Tomorrow") was a Flemish literary and cultural magazine that was founded in 1893 by August Vermeylen. With a cover designed by Henry van de Velde, this magazine served as a vehicle for a Flemish literary revival and was associated with a heterogeneous group of writers and artists. They were devoted to art for art's sake, without holding dogmatic views on aesthetics or adherence to schools of art. The magazine was published in two series: from 1893-94 and from 1896-1901. It was succeeded in 1903 by the illustrated magazine "Vlaanderen", which was co-founded by Herman Teirlinck.

</doc>
<doc id="31047594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047594" title="St Mary's Church, Chilton">
St Mary's Church, Chilton

St Mary's Church, Chilton, is a redundant Anglican church in the civil parish of Chilton, Suffolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Although it lies just to the northeast of the Sudbury eastern bypass, it stands in an isolated position. Around it is the site of a deserted medieval village. It is not known why the village was deserted; suggestions include the plague in the 14th century, moving dwellings to accommodate the deer park of nearby Chilton Hall, or through the drift from agriculture to industrial towns.
History.
The church dates from the 15th century. The tower and a chantry chapel for the Crane family of the local hall were added during the following century. The church was restored in the 1860s.
Architecture.
The body of the church is constructed in flint, and the tower in brick. Its plan consists of a nave, a south porch, a chancel with a chapel to the north, and a west tower. The parapets of the nave and chancel are embattled, as is that of the tower which also has crocketted pinnacles at the corners. The porch has a moulded brick parapet.
In the Crane chapel are the table tombs of George Crane, who died in 1491, and Robert Crane, who died in 1500, and his wife. On the wall is a monument to Sir Robert Crane who died in 1643, and his two wives; this was carved in 1626 by Gerard Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="31047599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047599" title="Norman Simmons (musician)">
Norman Simmons (musician)

Norman Simmons (born October 6, 1929) is an American arranger, composer, educator, and most prominently a pianist who has worked extensively with Helen Humes, Carmen McRae, and Sarah Vaughan, Anita O'Day, and Joe Williams among others.
Biography.
Simmons was born in Chicago on October 6, 1929. In 1966 his arrangement for Ramsey Lewis' hit of "Wade in the Water." became a large commercial success. He was a member of the Ellington Legacy Band beginning in 2002.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Johnny Griffin
With Red Holloway
With Carmen McRae
With Betty Carter
With Roy Eldridge
With Harold Ousley
With Anita O'Day
With Scott Hamilton and Warren Vaché
With Clifford Jordan, Von Freeman, Cy Touff, Victor Sproles & Wilbur Campbell
With Joe Williams
With Al Grey & Bjarne Nerem
As arranger.
With Johnny Griffin
With Teri Thornton

</doc>
<doc id="31047605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047605" title="Intergen">
Intergen

Intergen is a New Zealand-based company that specializes in the delivery of Microsoft-based software and technology.
Founded in 2001, the company is the largest dedicated provider of Microsoft services in New Zealand. The company has a history which goes back to 1995, with the original establishment of Glazier Systems. As of March 2014, the company had 380 employees.
History.
Intergen was founded in 2001 by Tony Stewart, Wayne Forgesson and Paddy Payne.
In 2007, the company acquired Kognition, a local developer of Microsoft solutions. Chris Auld joined Intergen's Board of Directors as a result of this acquisition.
In 2009, Richard Westlake joined the Intergen Board as its first independent director 
In 2011, Simon Bright, Intergen's Chief Operating officer joined the board.
The company has offices in New Zealand, Australia and the USA. New Zealand offices include Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin. In Australia, the company has offices in Sydney, Melbourne and Perth.
Services.
Intergen provides services across most Microsoft solution areas, including website and enterprise content management, website and internet application hosting, application development, integration and support, business intelligence, mobility, financial systems, interactive design and solution architecture.
Intergen also has a business consulting capability, focusing on management consulting, knowledge management and financial and business management.
The organisation is becoming known for its work with Microsoft Corporation, for whom it completed two high profile projects in 2009: the Microsoft Silverlight-based ButtercupReader, and a preview site for Microsoft Office 2010.
Awards and recognition.
Intergen is a Gold Certified Partner and has won several awards, including being named 2008 Microsoft Partner of the Year in New Zealand, was a member of the 2008 Microsoft Dynamics Presidents Club, and won the 2009 Microsoft New Zealand Business Productivity Enterprise Content Management Solution of the Year award. The company has been a finalist in the annual Best Workplaces survey, most recently in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31047615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047615" title="French Cameroons">
French Cameroons

French Cameroons () was a French Mandate territory in West Africa, now part of Cameroon.
The area of present-day Cameroon was claimed by Germany as a protectorate during the "Scramble for Africa" at the end of the 19th century. During World War I, it was occupied by French and Belgian troops, and later mandated to Great Britain and France by the League of Nations in 1922. The French mandate was known as Cameroun and the British territory was administered as two areas, Northern Cameroons and Southern Cameroons. Northern Cameroons consisted of two non-contiguous sections, divided by where the Nigerian and Cameroun borders met.
French Cameroun became independent in January 1960, and Nigeria was scheduled for independence later that same year, which raised question of what to do with the British territory. After some discussion (which had been going on since 1959), a plebiscite was agreed to, and held on 11 February 1961. The Muslim-majority Northern area opted for union with Nigeria, and the Southern area voted to join Cameroon.
Northern Cameroons became a region of Nigeria on 31 May 1961, while Southern Cameroons became part of Cameroon on 1 October. In the meantime, the area was administered as a French Colony

</doc>
<doc id="31047616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047616" title="Ski Mountain Park">
Ski Mountain Park

Ski Mountain Park is an artificial ski park located in Sao Roque, Sao Paulo, Brazil. It is considered the largest artificial mountain entertainment center in Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="31047624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047624" title="Alfa Romeo 4C">
Alfa Romeo 4C

The Alfa Romeo 4C (Type 960) is a small, lightweight, rear wheel drive sports car, similar in size to the Alfa Romeo MiTo. It uses a carbon fiber tub, front and rear crash box, and hybrid rear frame mainly out of aluminum to keep its weight at ; in the United States. The 4C will be the first mass-produced Alfa Romeo car for re-entry into the US market by 2014.
Alfa Romeo 4C Concept (2011).
Alfa Romeo 4C Concept is a two-seater, rear-wheel drive coupé with technology and materials derived from the Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione, with 1750 turbo petrol engine with direct injection, the "Alfa TCT" twin dry clutch transmission, the Alfa DNA dynamic control selector.
The 4C concept version unveiled in the 81st Geneva Motor Show in March 2011, followed by Mille Miglia 2011 parade, Goodwood Festival of Speed 2011, 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show.
It was displayed first time outside in Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este in 2012. Compared to the production version, it's very similar, with the biggest differences being front lights, side vents and mirrors.
Awards.
The Alfa Romeo 4C Concept was voted the 'Most Beautiful Concept Car of the Year' award by the readers of German magazine "Auto Bild", and won the Auto Bild Design Award 2011. It was awarded the "Design Award for Concept Cars & Prototypes" by referendum of the public in Villa d'Este.
Initial release.
The vehicle was unveiled at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show, followed by 2013 Essen 'Techno Classica', Goodwood Festival of Speed 2013, Moscow Raceway, 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show.
Ordering of European models began in October 2013 at Alfa Romeo dealerships in Europe.
Launch Edition (2013–).
The Launch Edition vehicles are limited (400 in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, 500 in North America and 100 in the rest of the world) versions of the early production Alfa Romeo 4C units. The vehicle includes a choice of 2 body colours (Alfa Red, Carrara White), a carbon aerodynamic kit (including headlights, spoiler and door mirror covers), a rear aluminium extractor with dark finishing, Bi-LED headlights, 18-inch front and 19-inch rear alloy wheels with burnishing treatment, front air intakes, brake calipers in a specific colour, race exhaust system with BMC air cleaner, a suspension kit with specific calibration for shock absorbers and rear anti-roll bar, highlights provided by the leather/fabric sports seats with parts in Alcantara and a numbered carbon badge. For the Alfa Red body colour car, it includes red stitching on the steering wheel trim, handbrake, mats, handles and sports seats. The vehicle was unveiled at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show.
The European model is a limited (500 units) version including a choice of 2 body colours (Alfa Red, exclusive matt Carrara White), carbon aerodynamic kit (including headlights, spoiler and door mirror covers), rear aluminium extractor with dark finishing, Bi-LED headlights, 18-inch front and 19-inch rear alloy wheels with dark treatment, front air intakes and brake calipers in a specific colour, race exhaust system, suspension kit with specific calibration for shock absorbers and rear anti-roll bar, sports seats and steering wheel covered with leather and microfibre and trimmed with white stitching with a distinctive plate with progressive numbering from 1 to 500. For the Alfa Red body colour car, it includes red stitching on the steering wheel trim, handbrake, mats, handles and sports seats. The vehicle went on sale for 60,000 euros including VAT.
Body and chassis.
The car was designed by Alfa Romeo Centro Stile (Style Centre) and developed by Alfa Romeo. The carbon fiber tub is produced by TTA (Tecno Tessile Adler) in Airola, as a joint venture between Adler and Lavorazione Materiali Compositi (Lmc). The carbon fiber components that make up the chassis are cut using CNC technology. The body will not be made entirely of carbon fiber, with the front and rear frames being made of aluminium. This increases the weight to around .
The chassis of the car weighs and is a single carbon fiber body, similar to the body of many supercars. The outer body is made of a composite material which is 20% lighter than steel. The stability is comparable to steel and better than aluminium.
Powertrain and performance.
The 4C uses a new all-aluminium 1.75 L (1,742 cc) at 6000 rpm inline 4 cylinder turbocharged engine. The engine has been designed for minimum weight, and will probably also appear in the 159 replacement, the Giulia. The engine's CO2 emissions are 157 g/km and combined fuel consumption .
Alfa Romeo has also confirmed a new 1.8 litre, engine, which may appear in the 4C.
Italian car magazine Quattroruote published the lap time of 4C around Nurburgring. It lapped the ring in 8:04.
The 4C is equipped with a six speed Alfa TCT Dual Dry Clutch Transmission, and can be operated via gearshift paddles on the steering wheel. It also has an Alfa 'DNA' dynamic control selector which controls the behavior of engine, brakes, throttle response, suspension and gearbox. In addition to the modes already seen in Giulietta, the 4C has a new "Race" mode.
Equipment.
The 4C has a high quadrilateral suspension in the front and MacPherson struts in the rear. The resultant weight distribution is 38% on the front and 62% on the rear axle. The front and rear rims have different diameters and widths; 205/45 R17 front and 235/40 R18 back as standard, with optional 205/40 R18 and 235/35 R19. Both wheel options are equipped with Pirelli P Zero tires. The 4C has ventilated disc brakes on all wheels; Brembo on the front and on the rear. The car can stop from in 36 meters. To save weight and increase steering feel, the 4C has no power steering.
Motorsport.
On 2013-09-12, Alfa Romeo 4C (with Pirelli P Zero Trofeo tyres) driven by Horst von Saurma completed the Nürburgring Nordschleife circuit in 8 minutes 4 seconds, breaking the speed record for all production cars with engines under 250 HP.
Alfa Romeo 4C was used as an Official Safety car of the SBK Superbike World Championship in 2013 season.
Production.
The '4C000' chassis was unveiled at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show.
Production of 4C began May 2013 at Maserati's plant in Modena, with an expected production of up to 2500 units per year. It will be the first mass-produced Alfa Romeo car for re-entry into the US market.
Production of Alfa Romeo 4C was originally estimated to be over 1000 units per year, with an upper limit of 3500 units per year, depending on the quantity of carbon fiber chassis that can be built by the supplier Adler Plastic. Within the 3,500-unit quota, 1,000 units of which are earmarked for Europe.
Delivery of European Alfa Romeo 4C Launch Edition took place at Balocco (Vercelli, Italy) Test Centre, with vehicles delivered to Pierluigi De Silvestro (Switzerland), Philippe Walch (France), Carlos Diniz (Germany), Aldo Mariani (the Netherlands) and Stefano Zanotti (Italy).
Awards.
The Alfa Romeo 4C has received a number of awards worldwide, including:
Alfa Romeo 4C was awarded 'Best Sports Car 2013' under the compact supercar category by El Economista vote. Readers of 'Auto Zeitung' named it winner of the "Sportscars/Imported" category of the 26th edition of 'Auto Trophy' with 17.2% of the votes—beating out more expensive models like the Aston Martin V8 Vantage (16.6%) and the Jaguar F-Type (15.8%). It won the Reader Award for "the most exciting car to be launched in 2013" from 'What Car?'. FHM magazine named it 2013 Car of the Year.
Marketing.
As part of Alfa Romeo 4C launch, Alfa Romeo Style Centre and Compagnia Ducale designed a 4C IFD(Innovative Frame Design) Bicycle, inspired by the Alfa Romeo 4C coupé. The vehicle went on sale in December 2013 and marketed in Europe, Asia and America.
North American version.
The US version of 4C was introduced in 2014 New York International Auto Show and the first 100 4C's will be shipped to the U.S. by late June or early July, with a total of 850 to be shipped by the end of this year. The US model includes extra bracing and strengthening required to meet U.S. crash regulations (including aluminium inserts in the carbon fiber chassis), resulting in weight increase. This version has also new headlamps similar as seen before in 4C Spider version.
4C Spider.
Alfa Romeo officially announced a Spider version of the 4C at the 2014 Geneva Motor Show, that comes with a manual removable hard top. The engine is the same as the Coupe version but the 4C Spider has different external parts such as the headlights, exhaust and engine hood. Alfa admits it has had to make some strengthening tweaks to the 4C to cope with the removal of the top, with the net result being a weight increase.

</doc>
<doc id="31047628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047628" title="Norman Simmons (disambiguation)">
Norman Simmons (disambiguation)

Norman Simmons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31047648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047648" title="Marianne Elliott (director)">
Marianne Elliott (director)

Marianne Elliott (born 27 December 1966, London) is a British theatre director.
Early life.
Elliott was born in 1966 in London, the daughter of Michael Elliott, theatre director and co-founder of the Royal Exchange theatre in Manchester, and actress Rosalind Knight. The family moved to Manchester when she was eight years old and attended St Hilary's School, Alderley Edge, and later Stockport Grammar School. 
She has said she "hated" the theatrical professions as a child "and used to ask parents not to talk shop". Despite this early ambivalence, she studied drama at Hull University.
Career.
After leaving university Elliott was, initially, determined not to go into the theatre and had a number of different jobs including casting director and drama secretary at Granada Television. In 1995 she began to work at the Royal Exchange and was appointed Artistic Director in 1998. In 2002 she left the company and became Associate Artistic Director at the Royal Court and in 2006 joined the National Theatre. In 2011 she won the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play for the Broadway production of "War Horse", along with co-director Tom Morris.
Selected theatre productions.
Her productions include
Personal life.
Elliott married the actor Nick Sidi in 2002; they have one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="31047655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047655" title="Commit Media">
Commit Media

Commit Media is a socially entrepreneurial company that utilizes entertainment to advance the missions of non-profits and philanthropic organizations. The company also works with celebrities and public figures who have an authentic connection with a cause and want to achieve lasting impact. The CEO of Commit Media is Paul Katz, a long-time entertainment industry executive and two-time Grammy nominee.
Founding.
Commit Media was founded in 2005 by Paul Katz with offices based in New York City. The company now employs consultants from around the world for a variety of professional tasks.
Services.
Commit focuses on celebrity-to-cause matching, entertainment consulting, marketing and earned income generation. Utilizing music, film, television, print, online, mobile and social media, Commit Media supports causes ranging from the arts to education, the environment, health, children, human rights, poverty, animal welfare, and international development.
Past projects.
American Dental Association.
Commit Media advised and facilitated the "Give Kids A Smile" campaign through cementing celebrity sponsorships and executive producing a PSA featuring three-time MVP Major League Baseball player Albert Pujols.
American Diabetes Association.
Provided celebrity matching and marketing for American Diabetes Association's "I Decide to Fight Diabetes," a multi-year campaign. Celebrities involved in the campaign included Patti LaBelle, Sherri Shepherd, Maria Menounos, Donna Richardson Joyner, Mama Love, and Donnie McClurkin. The company also added a mobile component to the campaign and generally assisted with marketing.
TJ Martell Foundation.
Organized and produced "Between the Covers", a benefit CD to support the work of the T.J. Martell Foundation, which supports research for leukemia, cancer and AIDS. Artists on the compilation included Eric Clapton, Madonna, Alicia Keys, Sheryl Crow, Lenny Kravitz, Norah Jones, Mick Jagger, David Bowie, The Dixie Chicks and Sarah McLachlan. "Between The Covers" was released by Sony BMG in the U.S. and Nettwerk in Canada. VH1 and VH1 Classic aired a "Between the Covers," television special hosted by actor/director Kevin Bacon and his brother Michael. The Bacon Brothers perform their rendition of the Beatles' "If I Needed Someone" on both the VH1 special and the album.
The Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute.
Produced "A Tribute To Mrs. Rosa Parks," a compilation album project, honoring Rosa Parks and commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Montgomery Bus Boycott. The album was inspired by themes from Parks' book, "Quiet Strength", and included award-winning Gospel acts, such as Yolanda Adams, Shirley Caesar, and Fred Hammond & Radical For Christ, to revive public interest in freedom. Mrs. Rosa Parks reads extracts from "Quiet Strength" on the album and also appears in the promotional video of the lead track, "(Something Inside) So Strong". The sales from the album raised more than $300,000 for the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for Self Development
Environmental Defense Fund.
Brokered a relationship between the Environmental Defense Fund and Gibson. An initial collaboration took place at the Country Music Association Festival in Nashville, where Gibson hosted a tent on Global Warming. Alongside visual depictions of the impacts of climate change, Gibson displayed its custom Environmental Defense Fund-themed guitar.
Commit Media also produced the film, "Discovering Hetch Hetchy" for the EDF, about America's first conservation battle which resulted in the loss of a valley in Yosemite National Park. Directed by David Vassar and narrated by Harrison Ford, the film and its PSA won a silver and gold medal respectively for Public Service Video at the Summit Awards, an organization that recognizes and celebrates the creative accomplishments of small and medium sized advertising agencies and other creative groups with annual billings of $25 million or less. The film also won "Best Short" at the 2006 Wild and Scenic Environmental Film Festival and was a finalist in the 2007 Jackson Hole Wildlife Film Festival awards.
Selected current projects.
Rotary International.
Commit Media has conducted worldwide entertainment strategy for the "End Polio Now" marketing and communications campaign, including celebrity spokespersons for PSAs, media outreach, concert and event production.
Commit also executive produced the "Concert to End Polio" with the New York Philharmonic and polio survivor and violinist Itzhak Perlman, which took place in December 2009 and raised six-figures for the cause. In 2011, Commit once again executive produced the second "Concert to End Polio" with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Itzhak Perlman and polio survivor and conductor James DePriest.
Best Friends Animal Society.
Commit collaborated with Best Friends on marketing the “Puppies Aren’t Products” campaign. The company organized and produced the PSA associated with the campaign, which featured actress Rachelle Lefevre and has earned over $7.5 million of card rate air time on TV and radio, and over 495 million impressions. Rachelle continued her work with Best Friends by appearing at Oprah’s “Live Your Best Life” walk in May, 2009, walking alongside other Best Friends supporters Neko Case, Emmylou Harris, and Maggie Q.

</doc>
<doc id="31047690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047690" title="Importance of credit in the American colonial economy">
Importance of credit in the American colonial economy

Importance of credit in American colonial economy
Much of the success and prosperity of the American colonies and its inhabitants was due to the use of credit. Credit allowed colonists to defer their payments for goods and services until a later time, which was a more favourable payment option than cash or barter. Although extending credit carried risks, most notably the inability of a debtor to repay the loan, the concept was accepted very well by all institutions in the American Colonial Economy. Furthermore, a variety of loans were invented to service a wide spectrum of trades. Overseas and domestic loans, as well as credits of various payment options, durations and sizes were developed to aid the economic growth of the American Colonies.
Credit, cash and barter.
The advantages of purchasing goods on credit over cash in the Colonial Economy was avoiding currency exchanges and facilitating faster trades. The American Colonies did not have a centralized monetary system and a well defined currency until the 1780s. With many currencies and coins in circulations, there were additional costs to facilitating some trades which was avoided by the use of credit. The advantages of credit over barter are even more pronounced, as there was a chance that trades would not happen at all if the match between the good demanded and supplied was not achieved in the marketplace.
Overseas and domestic credit.
Colonists relied on international funds, primarily from England, for their early development. Majority of this overseas credit was in the form of a mercantile credit. The English merchants, for example, would ship goods to the American Colonies and demand payments only after 6 months or a year. These overseas loans where available to colonists who developed close ties to English merchants, and not everyone was able to get such credits. The overseas credit allowed colonists to develop a system of domestic credit. The domestic credit was administered in two forms: book credit and promissory notes. Promissory notes are very similar to bonds, because they detailed the amount of debt, date of issue, date of redemption, form or repayment and an interest rate. Because of these characteristics, promissory notes could be traded and they were considered a less risky for of a loan to issuers.
Repayments and loan durations.
The typical ways of repaying the loan in the American colonial economy was cash, bills of exchange and goods. Debtors could also repay their loans through physical work, or the sometimes third party settlements would occur. Although lacking technology, merchants developed a very sophisticated system of keeping track of payments and debts.
Typical loans domestic loans were issued for a time period of several months to a few years. The overseas loans were usually issued for 6 months to a year. This means that some domestic loans were issued more than the overseas loans, and these were typically promissory note loans. The longer term horizon explains the need for detailing the conditions of the issuance and the specifics of the promissory note loans, as the risks of default are higher for a long term maturity debt.
Interest rates.
Because of the issuance of long term credit, the merchants introduced interest rates to protect themselves from the possibility of losing their investments. The average interest rates the merchants charged on an annual level were between 3.5% and 7%. However, some merchants charged interest rates as high as 10% on certain loans.
References.
Baxter, W.T. The House of Hancock: Business in Boston, 1724–1775. Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1945.
Main, Jackson Turner. Society and Economy in Colonial Connecticut. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31047691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047691" title="Architectural Heritage Society of Scotland">
Architectural Heritage Society of Scotland

The Architectural Heritage Society of Scotland (AHSS) is a society dedicated to the protection and study of the built heritage of Scotland. It has around 1100 members and six regional groups responsible for commenting on planning applications in their area together with educational activities. The Society publishes the academic journal "Architectural Heritage" together with a twice-yearly magazine addressing a wider range of built heritage related matters.
History.
In 1956 a campaign group, the Georgian Group of Edinburgh, was established to oppose the demolition of 18th-century houses around George Square in Edinburgh. The architectural historian Colin McWilliam was instrumental in its founding. In 1957 George Baillie-Hamilton, 12th Earl of Haddington, became the first president of the group, which was renamed as the Scottish Georgian Society in 1959. From the 1960s the society began to broaden its interest beyond the Georgian period, and in 1984 the present name was adopted to suit. The Society's logo, a drawing of the Old Town House in Aberdeen, was adopted in the 1960s. In 2009 the society was reconstituted as a company with the status of a registered charity.
Activities.
Since its establishment, the Society has been involved in commenting and advising on development proposals which affect the historic buildings and townscapes of Scotland. The Society also runs regular lecture series on Scottish architecture, architects, and buildings.
Structure.
The Society is organised into six regional groups, each of whom undertake casework and organise educational activities. Management is by a national council comprising representatives of the six regional groups and elected members. As of October 2012 the officer bearers were:
The Society's national office was based at the Glasite Meeting House in Barony Street, Edinburgh, built in 1936 as a chapel for the Glasite Christian sect. In October 2012 it was given, with an endowment, to the Scottish Historic Buildings Trust (SHBT) and the Society moved to new offices in Riddle's Court.
Publications.
Since 1990 the Society has published "Architectural Heritage", an annual academic journal dedicated to the study of Scotland's buildings. These comprehensive studies of many of Scotland's most renowned architects - including thematic studies on William Adam, Robert Adam, the contemporaries of Charles Rennie Mackintosh, the Gothic Revival in Scotland, and essays on Scottish Architects' Papers - alongside a wide range of other architectural topics, creating a comprehensive and essential source for Scotland's architecture.
The twice-yearly magazine, which is supported by Historic Scotland the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland, contains reports on built heritage issues, casework, and group events.

</doc>
<doc id="31047702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047702" title="Kim Eun-hu">
Kim Eun-hu

Kim Eun-Hu (Hangul: 김은후; born 23 May 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder who currently plays for Mokpo City. He changed the name from "Kim Eui-Bum" to "Kim Eun-Hu".
Honors.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="31047717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047717" title="Andrzej Włast">
Andrzej Włast

Andrzej Włast (aka Gustaw Baumritter) (17 March 1885 - 1942 or 1943) was a Polish Jewish songwriter. He wrote the lyrics for the 1929 hit song "Tango Milonga" / "Oh, Donna Clara". He died in the Warsaw Ghetto during World War II.
Biography.
Włast was born in Łódź. He studied law at Warsaw University, began writing for the Warsaw stage before 1920 at "Mirage", "Czarny Kot", "Sfinks" and others. When the Bolshevik army attacked Poland in 1920 he fought to defend Warsaw against the Red Army in Pilsudski's Legion.
After 1921 he worked with the "Stańczyk (The Jester)" theater and then the famous "Qui Pro Quo". In 1927 he founded his own revue, the "Morskie Oko" theater, which he managed until 1931. Later on, he managed the "Rex" revue and "Wielka Rewia (The Grand Revue)", each considered to be Polish versions of the Folies-Bergere.
He was a prolific lyricist, sometimes called "The King of 'szmira' (cheap mass production of very low quality)" but there were
"also pearls of pure poetry, as well as innumerable examples of sophisticated Jewish humor and gems of "szmonces (shmontses)", Polish Jewish self-mockery, albeit resting upon many stereotypes."
He wrote Polish lyrics to the Jerzy Petersburski's 1929 international hit "Tango Milonga", better known internationally as "Oh, Donna Clara". Bob Rothstein writes:
"One of the most successful of the Polish Jewish composers was Jerzy Petersburski (born Jerzy Melodysta, 1897–1979), whose 1929 hit "Tango Milonga," renamed "Oh, Donna Clara," swept Europe ... and the United States ... sung by Al Jolson in the 1931 Broadway show "The Wonder Bar". ... The original Polish text of "Tango Milonga" was written by Andrzej Włast (born Gustaw Baumritter, 1885–1941), one of the best-known lyricists of the interwar period, who wrote other hit tunes with melodies by Petersburski as "Już nigdy (Never Again)" and "Ja się boję sama spać (I’m Afraid to Sleep Alone)", and by other Jewish composers, such as Henryk Gold (1899–1977; "Szkoda twoich łez (Don’t Waste Your Tears)"), Artur Gold (1897–1943; "Przy kominku (By the Fireplace)"), Zygmunt Białostocki (1897–1942; "Rebeka"), and Fanny Gordon (pen name of Fania Markovna Kviatkovskaia, 1904–1991; "Pod samowarem (By the Samovar)")."
After the 1939 German invasion on Poland, Andrzej Włast was ordered in 1940 to live in the German-ordered Warsaw Ghetto. Some say that he was dragged out, like thousands of others, during a 1942 German action, to the Umschlagplatz and transported to Treblinka German death camp. Others say:
...that he hid on the so-called "Aryan" side, in a flat of one of Polish actresses he knew from his theatre. Being unable to stay most of the time alone in that microscopic shelter, and panicking at the slightest sign of the approaching steps, he finally ran out to the street, where he was immediately identified as a Jew and shot by a German soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="31047728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047728" title="Brad Lambert">
Brad Lambert

Brad Lambert (born January 14, 1965) is an American college football coach and the current head coach of the Charlotte 49ers; who will begin play in the Football Championship Subdivision of Division I in 2013, and then move to the Football Bowl Subdivision in 2015, when the program joins the rest of the 49ers sports in Conference USA.
Playing career.
Kansas State.
Lambert played defensive back for the Kansas State Wildcats, lettering for four straight seasons and graduating in 1987. He earned second-team all-Big Eight honors his freshman season. He also was an all-Big Eight Academic choice from 1984 to 1986.
Coaching career.
Oklahoma.
Lambert began his coaching career as a graduate assistant with the Oklahoma Sooners.
Marshall.
His first assistant coaching position was under head coach Jim Donnan with the Marshall Thundering Herd from 1990 to 1995. While at Marshall, Lambert participated in four NCAA Division I Football Championship Games with Marshall winning the 1992 NCAA Division I Football Championship.
Georgia.
He continued to work for Coach Donnan when the latter became head coach for the Georgia Bulldogs, coaching there from 1996 to 2000. At Georgia Lambert coached in the 1998 Outback Bowl, the 1998 Peach Bowl, the 2000 Outback Bowl and the 2000 Oahu Bowl. Georgia compiled a 40–19 record during Lambert's time with the Bulldogs.
Wake Forest.
After the 2000 football season Lambert accepted the Linebacker's Coaching position under Head Coach Jim Grobe with the Wake Forest Demon Deacons. In 2007 Lambert was promoted to Defensive Coordinator for the Demon Deacons. At Wake Forest Lambert was part of the 2006 ACC Championship Game team. He coached 2008 Butkus Award winner Aaron Curry.
Charlotte.
Lambert was hired to be the first head football coach for the Charlotte 49ers on March 1, 2011
In his first game Coach Lambert led the 49ers to a decisive 52-7 victory at home over the Campbell University Camels.
Personal.
Lambert is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31047734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047734" title="Joseph Grove">
Joseph Grove

Joseph Grove (died 1764), was an English biographer.
Life.
Grove says in his account of William Cavendish, 3rd Duke of Devonshire (p. 21), that his parents lived in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire, where the family had resided above a century and a half, and that his mother, who had been married to his father above fifty-three years, died on 22 Jan. 1739, aged 73, and his father on 22 March 1740, aged 83. He may therefore have been the son of John Grove, yeoman, of Rotherfield Grays, Oxfordshire, whose will, dated 17 January 1737, was proved at London on 14 May 1740 (P. C. C. 140, Browne). Margaret, his wife, who is mentioned as living in the will, had died before the date of probate, but no son Joseph is named therein. Rotherfield Grays is near Wargrave, Berkshire, where Joseph Grove had lands.
Joseph practised as an attorney, and amassed considerable wealth. Besides property in various counties, he possessed a "pleasant little seat in Richmond, Surrey, called the Belvidere". When in town he lodged in the parish of St. Clement Danes, at the house of a Mrs. Mary Parr, to whom he left an annuity of £14 and all his effects in her possession. There he died on 27 March 1764, and was buried in Richmond Church on 2 April following (Lysons, Environs, iv. 611). He married Rebecca, daughter of Joseph Willmott, citizen and haberdasher of London. She was buried at Banstead, Surrey, on 1 October 1745 (will, P. C. C. 207, Edmonds), leaving no surviving issue. Administration of his estate, with will annexed, was granted at London on 30 March 1764 to Groves Wheeler, his nephew and residuary legatee (registered in P.C.C. 94, Simpson).
After his retirement from the practice of the law Grove unfortunately betook himself to bookmaking. His contributions to learning are of small value. He had a passion for 'adorning' his books with copper-plates, which from their unintentional comicality serve to relieve the heaviness of the text.
Works.
Grove's writings are: 
Other works were planned by him: (1) "The History of the Life of King Henry VIII," and (2) "Detached Pieces concerning Cardinal Wolsey" with a preface "shewing the want of a Complete History of England," the whole to be embellished with copper-plates.

</doc>
<doc id="31047749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047749" title="Donald Danister Hewagama">
Donald Danister Hewagama

Donald Danister Hewagama was a Judge Advocate General to the Armed Forces of Sri Lanka.
Hewagama was born in Payagala in the Kalutara southern Sri Lanka as the only son of Arther Hewagama (Grand son of Hewagamage H. Appuhamy) and Mabel Alexandria Wijesinghe Jayewardene (who was the cousin of Junius Richard Jayewardene, the President of Sri Lanka in the 1977 Government). 
Career.
Hewegama graduated from the University of Ceylon and took oaths as an Advocate. He joined the Legal Draftsmen Department of Sri Lanka. In 1967 he was appointed as the Judge Advocate General to the Armed Forces of Sri Lanka permanently by Sirimavo Bandaranaike, the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, with the endorsement of the Opposition in Parliament headed by J.R. Jayawardene. He served until 1982 October 22nd and was the first Sri Lankan to hold this position. He died in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31047767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047767" title="Pagpag">
Pagpag

Pagpag is leftover food from fast-food restaurants scavenged from garbage sites and dumps. The word in the Filipino language literally means to "shake off", and refers to the act of shaking the dirt off of the edible portion of the leftovers. The act of eating pagpag arose from the practical challenges of hunger that resulted from extreme poverty.
Pagpag could be eaten on site, or processed further most commonly by frying it in hot oil depending on the condition of the food. Small cottage industries have arisen around pagpag with impoverished people making a living scavenging, collecting, processing, and selling the processed pagpag to impoverished poor people.
Health risks include ingestion of poison and toxins, food-borne illnesses and maladies. These could result in long-term debilitating diseases and death.
Pagpag is also a Filipino superstition saying one can never go direct to one's home after attending a funeral unless they have done the pagpag (stop by another place). Pagpag is a tradition to take away the soul of the dead people.
References.
http://edition.cnn.com/2012/04/30/world/asia/philippines-pagpag-slums

</doc>
<doc id="31047783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047783" title="Juicy Lucy (album)">
Juicy Lucy (album)

Juicy Lucy is the debut album by Anglo-American rock band Juicy Lucy, released in 1969. The music is a curiously heavy form of blues-rock, often played at break-neck speed. The album was a moderate success, reaching number 41 on the U.K. album chart but produced a hit single with their version of the Bo Diddley song "Who Do You Love?".

</doc>
<doc id="31047813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047813" title="John Ewen">
John Ewen

John Ewen (1741–1821), is credited with the authorship of the well-known Scotch song, ‘0 weel may the boatie row'.
Ewen was born in Montrose in 1741 of poor parents, and received only a very slender education. Having saved a few pounds he went in 1762 to Aberdeen, where he opened a small hardware shop. This appears to have prospered, but the chief rise in his fortunes was owing to his marriage in 1766 to Janet Middleton, one of two daughters of a yarn and stocking maker in Aberdeen. Through her, who died shortly after giving birth to a daughter, he became possessed of one half of his father-in-law's property. Ewen died on 21 Oct 1821, leaving, after the payment of various sums to the public charities of Aberdeen, about 14,000l to found a hospital in Montrose, similar to Gordon's Hospital, Aberdeen, for the maintenance and education of boys. The will was challenged by the daughter's relations, and after conflicting decisions in the Scotch court of session was appealed to the House of Lords, who, on 17 November 1830, set aside the settlement on the ground that the deed was void in consequence of its want of precision as to the sum to be accumulated by the trustees before building and as to the number of boys to be educated on the foundation. ‘O weel may the boatie row’ was published anonymously in Johnson's ‘Scots Musical Museum.’ It is thus characterised by Robert Burns: ‘It is a charming display of womanly affection mingling with the concerns and occupations of life. It is nearly equal to “There's nae luck about the house.”’

</doc>
<doc id="31047825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047825" title="Kahama, Tanzania">
Kahama, Tanzania

Kahama is a town in northwestern Tanzania. The town is the location of the district headquarters of Kahama District. The district is named after the town.
Location.
Kahama is located in Kahama District, in Shinyanga Region, in northwestern Tanzania. The town is located approximately , by road, southwest of Shinyanga, where the regional headquarters are located. This location lies approximately , by road, northwest of Dodoma, the capital city of Tanzania.
The coordinates of the town are:03 50 24S, 32 36 00E (Latitude:-3.8400; Longitude:32.6000).
Population.
As of January 2006, the population of Kahama, Tanzania was estimated at about 36,000. The current population of the town is not publicly known.
Landmarks.
The landmarks in the town of Kahama or near its borders, include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31047834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047834" title="Attempts to make the Potomac River navigable">
Attempts to make the Potomac River navigable

A series of projects in the 17th and 18th centuries attempted to make the Potomac River navigable and connect the Ohio River valley and the East Coast. The first project was started by the Potomac Company, but it was the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company that finished the project in the 1830s.
History.
Since 1749 many leaders in Maryland and Virginia had been interested in making the Potomac River into a major transportation route to the trans-Appalachian West. The project to fix the Potomac was seen as a major opportunity strategically (it would transport troops to the frontier with the French or the Indians more rapidly) and economically (it would increase fur trade and improve real estate values). However, a lack of technology, a severe shortage of labor, conflicts with foreign countries, and rivalries internally prevented the project from being started until the 1780s, thirty years later.
Project initiation.
In 1784, a year after the Treaty of Paris was signed, George Washington and Horatio Gates traveled to Annapolis to seek the state's assent to the project. Washington urged Virginia Governor Benjamin Harrison to bring the matter to the Virginia Assembly, citing the "commercial and political importance" of the project. Washington's formidable reputation in the U.S. during the time after the Revolution persuaded the governor to present a letter to the Virginia Assembly asking for support for the project. The Virginia Assembly appointed Washington, Gates, and Thomas Blackburn to seek Maryland's agreement. Washington's subsequent visit to Annapolis was successful and led to the incorporation of the Potomac Company in 1784 Maryland and in 1785 in Virginia.
While it was not the first or only project started after the end of the American Revolution, its incorporation was a milestone because it was the first project that connected different regions and required the cooperation of multiple state governments. While the Potomac Company’s charter eventually failed—the Maryland and Virginia acts of incorporation were very similar—the company stated it was going to raise 220,000 Spanish dollars (50, 000 pounds sterling) through 500 shares and also stated its plan and timeline. In the charter, the Potomac Company had three years to clear the upper Potomac, and ten years to build a bypass canals and locks around the Little and Great Falls (a distance of 175 miles). Both states passed additional laws to go further—building roads and connecting headwaters in order to link the Potomac River to the Ohio River.
The Potomac Company originally wanted to hire only free labor, but due to the shortage of labor, the directors hired free, indentured, and slave labor to build the locks and canals and deepen the river. James Rumsey, a well known for his work with steam-propelled riverboats, was hired as the project’s chief engineer.
Legal and financial Problems.
There was a large conflict with Virginia Governor Henry Lee (father of Robert E. Lee), who purchased 500 acres of land around Great Falls (he named it “Matildaville” after his wife) to build a warehouse for goods being transported down the Potomac (predicting the route would quickly become profitable after the project’s completion). The legal troubles of the Potomac Company kept its lawyers in and out of court incessantly.
The decline in public confidence in the project led to a more difficult economic position, because the Potomac Company relied on individually buying shares for funds. Maryland and Virginia continued funding the Potomac Company’s project beyond the original contract. However even continued investment by Maryland, Virginia, and some individuals could not offset growing expenses due to poor technical advice, labor problems, poor planning and incessant repair work. The work was stop and go because of the continuous need to raise more money. At many points in the project’s history (for example in) all work would stop as the company begged for economic assistance, settled lawsuits, and revised its plan.
Business starts as problems continue.
In February 1802, the locks at Great Falls were completed, and the Potomac Company was expected to be immediately profitable. Also in 1802, the Patowmack Canal was completed after 17 years of construction. However, the poor snow in the winter of 1801-1802 and little spring rain in 1802 meant the river was too shallow to navigate that year. The late realization of these unanticipated problems caused the company to give up its earlier goal to link the Potomac and the Ohio Valley, and the new goal was to improve other rivers in the watershed such as the Shenandoah, the Monocacy, and the Antietam.
A commission in 1821 agreed that water transport in the Potomac valley would only be possible with a still-water canal, and the Potomac Company announced it could not fulfill its charter. Virginia created the Potomac Canal Company. Maryland incorporated the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company in 1825, and congress quickly approved its charter.
In 1824, the holdings of the Patowmack Company were ceded to the Chesapeake and Ohio Company. Benjamin Wright, formerly Chief Engineer of the Erie Canal, was named Chief Engineer of this new effort, and construction began with a groundbreaking ceremony on July 4, 1828 by President John Quincy Adams.
The narrow strip of available land along the Potomac River from Point of Rocks to Harpers Ferry caused a legal battle between the C&O Canal and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) in 1828 as both sought to exclude the other from its use.Following a Maryland state court battle involving Daniel Webster and Roger B. Taney, the companies later compromised to allow the sharing of the right of way.[2
The Potomac as a mail route.
In 1836, the canal was used as a Star Route for the carriage of mails from Georgetown to Shepherdstown, West Virginia using canal packets. The contract was held by Albert Humrickhouse at $1,000 per annum for a daily service of 72 book miles. The canal approached Hancock, Maryland by 1839. In 1843, the Potomac Aqueduct Bridge was constructed near the present-day Key Bridge to connect the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal to the Alexandria Canal which led to Alexandria, Virginia.By the time the canal reached Cumberland in 1850, it had already been rendered obsolete; the B&O Railroad had reached Cumberland eight years previously.[10 Debt-ridden, the company dropped its plan to continue construction of the next of the canal into the Ohio valley.
Last Constructions.
In the 1870s, a canal inclined plane was built two miles (3 km) upriver from Georgetown, so that boats whose destination was downriver from Washington could bypass the congestion in Georgetown. The inclined plane was dismantled after a major flood in 1889 when ownership of the canal transferred to the B&O Railroad, which operated the canal to prevent its right of way (particularly at Point of Rocks) from falling into the hands of the Western Maryland Railway. Operations ceased in 1924 after another flood damaged the canal.
The planned C&O Canal route to navigable waters of the Mississippi watershed would have followed the North Branch Potomac River west from Cumberland to the Savage River. Via the Savage, the canal would have crossed the Eastern Continental Divide at the gap between the Savage and Backbone Mountains near where present day O'Brien Road intersects Maryland Route 495, then via the valley of present day Deep Creek Lake, followed the Youghiogheny River to navigable waters.

</doc>
<doc id="31047841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047841" title="List of people from Mississauga">
List of people from Mississauga

This is a list of people from Mississauga, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="31047844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047844" title="When Ronan Met Burt">
When Ronan Met Burt

When Ronan Met Burt is the eighth studio album by Irish singer-songwriter and Boyzone frontman Ronan Keating. It was produced and composed by Burt Bacharach. The album sold 200,000 copies in the UK.
Background.
Backed by a full orchestra, all the tracks featured are classics composed by Burt over the course of his fifty-year career and include instantly recognisable hits such as "Walk on By", "The Look of Love", "What the World Needs Now Is Love" and "I Just Don't Know What to Do with Myself". All the tracks were recorded live with a full orchestra. In a promotional video, Keating admitted that he was intimidated by the prospect of working with Burt Bacharach, although he found the experience both exciting and energising. Keating also said that he found the songs far more complicated than they first appeared. He said: "It sounds so simple because that is the incredible ability that Burt has ... to create these songs that sound so simple ... but you try to sing them! Properly sing them! They are some of the hardest songs you'll ever sing." Bacharach is quoted on the same video, acknowledging that his music can be complicated but complimenting Keating for his dedication and professionalism. Keating promoted the album on 22 March on "BBC Breakfast", 23 March on "This Morning", 24 March on QVC, 26 March on "Celebrity Juice", 27 March on "This Morning", 28 March on "Something for the Weekend", 29 March on "The Alan Titchmarsh Show" and 30 March on "The National Lottery Results".

</doc>
<doc id="31047847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047847" title="List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (CIS and Southeastern Europe)">
List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (CIS and Southeastern Europe)

This is a list of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (CIS and Southeastern Europe). It doesn't include Boomerang or other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="31047858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047858" title="Guy-Greenbrier earthquake swarm">
Guy-Greenbrier earthquake swarm

The Guy-Greenbrier earthquake swarm occurred in central Arkansas beginning in August 2010. The epicenters of earthquakes in the swarm showed a linear distribution, with a clear overall shift in activity towards the southwest with time, and the largest event in the swarm was the 2011 Arkansas earthquake, at 4.7 on the moment magnitude scale.
Cause.
It has been suggested that the swarm was triggered by drilling activities associated with the exploration and production of shale gas in the Fayetteville Shale in northern Arkansas. Analysis of the swarm has found no link between this relatively shallow drilling and the earthquakes, but has instead suggested a link with deep waste disposal drilling similar to that identified at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal in the 1960s, and has led to a moratorium on such drilling being proposed covering an area of 1150 square miles.

</doc>
<doc id="31047880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047880" title="2011 Malawian Air Fouling Legislation">
2011 Malawian Air Fouling Legislation

The 2011 Malawian Air Fouling Legislation is a section of the Local Courts bill submitted to the parliament of Malawi in February 2011 that bans fouling the air. When the Minister of Justice claimed that the bill made farting in public illegal, the story made headlines around the world. Later, the minister retracted his statement.
History.
The Local Courts Bill was first introduced in Nyasaland (colonial Malawi) in 1929 under Penal Code Act 22 of the colonial government. It was meant to redefine which types of cases local courts could oversee. The stipulated violations covered under this bill would be under the jurisdiction of local Chiefs. The actual provision against air fouling that was included in the new Penal Code Act 198 was carried over from the Nyasland laws. This opened up a criticism in Malawi about the governments policy of carrying over antiquated colonial laws and clarification of laws.
Legislation.
The relevant clause in the bill reads: "Any person who vitiates the atmosphere in any place so as to make it noxious to the public to the health of persons in general dwelling or carrying on business in the neighbourhood or passing along a public way shall be guilty of a misdemeanour".
Additional clauses.
The bill would also punish "any person disturbing religious assemblies, trespassing on burial places," or "insulting the modesty of a woman", as well as citizens who hinder the burial of dead bodies and people who pretend to be fortune tellers. It also includes making it illegal to challenge someone to fight a duel.
Interpretation.
Journalists at the briefing argued that the way the bill was written, it could be interpreted as including a ban on flatulence. The hypothetical example is what was then published in Malawian papers by some Malawian journalists to gain attention for the story about the bill. The sensational story on the ban of flatulence became popular within the country due to its humorous and impractical nature.
Even though flatulence was not the target of the bill, when responding to a journalist who inquired about the ban on flatulence in January 2011 on Capital Radio Malawi's popular "Straight Talk" program, George Chaponda, Minister for Justice and Constitutional Affairs, agreed that the legislation can essentially be interpreted as a banning farting in public places and makes it an official criminal offence. This helped to confirm that news that the ban in fact, did target flatulence.
Minister of Justice's interpretation.
Minister of Justice George Chaponda, a Yale law school graduate, insisted that technically the law included flatulence after it was widely reported in the media. In the radio interview on Capital FM, he went further by taking the opportunity to address what he felt really was a social problem in matters of social etiquette concerning flatulence in Malawi society.
He said, ""Would you be happy to see people farting anyhow? ... Just go to the toilet when you feel like farting"."
Chaponda said that people had felt free to fart anywhere since Malawi embraced multi-party politics 16 years earlier.
He said, ""It was not there during the time of dictatorship because people were afraid of the consequences. Now because of multipartism or freedom, people would like to fart anywhere"." He added "Nature can be controlled... it becomes a nuisance if people fart anywhere".
He added that the enforcement of such a law would be similar to laws banning urinating in public and would be treated as a minor offence.
Solicitor General's interpretation.
Solicitor General Anthony Kamanga argued that the bill was not intended to include farting but instead, "fouling the air" was a reference to air pollution. He said fouling of the air can be done by burning tyres, rubbish and old computers or smoking, and thus spoiling the atmosphere of the neighbourhood.
Kamanga said "How any reasonable or sensible person can construe the provision to criminalizing farting in public is beyond me".
Reaction.
When "Reuters" distributed the story, saying "farting in public will no longer be just rude and discourteous to others, it will now be a crime", it was quickly picked up by the foreign press.
British media.
The British tabloids in particular had a field day. The "Daily Mail" headline was "Better in than out: African country set to make breaking wind a crime", and the story went on to discuss possible "miscarriages of justice as 'criminals' attempt to blame others for their offence". 
The "Daily Mirror" had the headline "Breaking wind is to become a crime in Malawi" and added "and it is already causing a stink".
The "Daily Express" headline was "Law that put the wind up for you… Malawi bans flatulence".
"The Register" added a sub-headline: "Clampdown on undisciplined bowels".
Chaponda's retraction.
On 4 February 2011, the BBC reported that the Solicitor General Anthony Kamanga had contradicted Chaponda, saying the legislation referred to other forms of pollution. Reporting the controversy, "The Register"'s story was headed "Big stink over Malawi farting ban: Solicitor general challenges trouser cough clampdown".
Later, Chaponda retracted his remarks, saying he had not read the proposed bill before commenting.
The head of "Capital Radio", which had aired the interview, signed an agreement with the government on 14 February 2011 in which the media committed to refrain from reporting stories that would destroy the image and credibility of the country.
Chaponda also notes that the media misunderstood him and the laws. He noted that the reporting of this bill was a reflection of media trying to discredit the Bingu wa Mutharika government.
Political fallout with media.
The farting legislation led to further tension between the Malawian press and the Bingu wa Mutharika administration. Relations between the press and the Mutharika administration were strained due to the passage of a publications law that restricted press coverage. The press saw it as a part of on-going attempts by the Mutharika administration to crack down on press and limit democracy during his second term in office. The government saw the reporting as a direct attempt by the Malawian media to discredit and embarrass the Bingu wa Mutharika administration.
Media government agreement.
A few weeks after the story made international headlines, the Malawi government Minister of Information and Civic Education, Simon Vuwa Kaunda signed an agreement with the local press with regards to reporting about the Bingu wa Mutharika administration and the country. The intent of the agreement was to create greater communication between the press and the government. The requested that journalists refrain from reporting stories that destroy Malawi's image and credibility both domestically and internationally without seeking clarification from the government. It led the way to government and press in Malawi meeting at regular intervals to be briefed on national affairs. However, continuing suppression of the media by the administration was one of the causes of the 2011 Malawi Protests.

</doc>
<doc id="31047928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047928" title="Andrew Ogg">
Andrew Ogg

Andrew Pollard Ogg (born April 9, 1934, Bowling Green, Ohio) is an American mathematician, a professor emeritus of mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley.
Ogg worked in algebra and number theory. His accomplishments include the Grothendieck–Ogg–Shafarevich formula, the Néron–Ogg–Shafarevich criterion and the 1975 characterization of supersingular primes, the starting point for the theory of monstrous moonshine. He is also the author of the book "Modular forms and Dirichlet series" (W. A. Benjamin, 1969).
Ogg received his Ph.D. in 1961 from Harvard University under the supervision of John Tate.

</doc>
<doc id="31047949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047949" title="Abd al-Karim al-Razihi">
Abd al-Karim al-Razihi

Abd al-Karim al-Razihi (ar: عبد الكريم الرازحي) (born 1947) is a Yemeni poet. His first book of poems was titled "The Need for a Second Heaven and an Additional Hell". He worked at the Yemeni Ministry of Culture in Sanaa, and edited the magazine "Al-Yaman al-Jadid".
In 2000, al-Razihi's poem "A Summer Night Dream" landed him in trouble with religious fundamentalists. An orchestrated campaign culminated in his fleeing the country to seek safety in the Netherlands. He returned some time later. Razihi's comments on the popular drug khat, which first appeared in an article in the newspaper Yemen Times in 1993, have also been quoted widely: ""Qat...is the opium of our people. It is the green Imam who rules over our republic. It is the key for everything and it is central to all our social occasions. It is the unexplainable that explains everything"". 
Al-Razihi's poetry appeared in translation in a 1988 anthology of modern Arabian literature. His short stories have been translated by the Australian writer Eva Sallis and appeared in the literary journal "Heat" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31047955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047955" title="Country Song (Seether song)">
Country Song (Seether song)

"Country Song" is a song by South African post-grunge/alternative metal band Seether. It was released on March 8, 2011 as the lead single from their fifth studio album "Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray".
Background.
According to frontman Shaun Morgan, the track's title "got its name from the swampy verse riff". On the band's official message board, Morgan explained the track's background, saying "in some ways I guess I was dealing with growing up and having to make better life choices. It's definitely not country, but we recorded the album in Nashville, and felt like it was a small homage to such a wonderful city."

</doc>
<doc id="31047973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047973" title="Donald Hewagama">
Donald Hewagama

Brigadier Donald Hewagama (also known as Donald Danister Hewagama) was Sri Lanka's first Judge Advocate General (Sri Lanka).
Early life.
He was born in Payagala Kalutara, southern Sri Lanka, and was the son of Arthur Hewagama (grandson of Hewagamage H. Appuhamy) and Mabel Alexandria Wijesinghe Jayewardene, who was the cousin of J. R. Jayewardene, the President of Sri Lanka in the 1977 government. 
He was educated at Nalanda College Colombo and was a cadet of the school cadet platoon, member of College Literary Association, leader of the college debating team. 
He was a graduate from the University of Ceylon and took oaths as an Advocate later after passing out from Ceylon Law College. 
He joined the Legal Draftsmen Department of Sri Lanka and in 1967 was appointed as the Judge Advocate General to the Armed Forces of Sri Lanka permanently by Sirimavo Bandaranaike, the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. This appointment was endorsed by the Opposition in Parliament of Sri Lanka at that time headed by Mr. J.R. Jayawardene, and he served till 1982 October 22 as the first Sri Lankan to hold this position.
At the start of his career he presided over the court martial held in regard to the assassination attempt of Mrs. Sirimavo Bandaranayake, the then Prime Minister, a coup planned within the Sri Lanka Army. 
He died in December 18, 2009.
Notability
When the Indo – Sri Lanka Peace Accord was signed by then Prime Minister of India and then President of Sri Lanka in Colombo on July 29, 1987, it was agreed to keep the Sri Lankan Armed Forces in their barracks and Indian Peace Keeping Force to disarm the insurgents who demanded a separate state within the sovereignty of Sri Lanka, the land which was shared by its inhabitants for the known history of time.
Sri Lankans as a whole saw this as a foreign domination of there motherland than disarmament of insurgents.
On July 30 1987 an honor guardsman, a sailor who was ordered to present his arms to the Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in front of the Presidents House hit the Indian Prime Minister with his unloaded rifle.
Obvious instantaneous reaction of the world on this diabolical act was disgrace and dishonor. The sailor was apprehended and court-martialed.
When the offender was brought in front of the grand panel of military judges no one was there to defend this helpless man who assaulted the commanding chief of one of the world’s mightiest armies.
Now retired Brigadier Donald D. Hewagama who had a distinguished carrier in the Sri Lanka Armed Forces as the Judge Advocate General to the Sri Lankan Army, Navy and the Air Force had a different view. He thought “This feeble sailor armed with an unloaded rifle stood for his land of birth and for all of its people and symbolically defended it from foreign invasion.”
Brigadier Donald D. Hewagama volunteered to defend the sailor with the help of former speaker of the Sri Lanka Parliament, Hon. Stanley Thilakaratne. 
Early Life
He was born in October 22 1926 as the first offspring to his father Arthur Hewagama and mother Violet Mabel Alexandria Wijesinghe Jayewardene. His paternal grand father was H.H Appuhamy a renowned business mogul and a philanthropist who came from the south with a few coins in his pocket to become a business magnate who stretched his wings in the area of hauling commodities from the Colombo Port to surrounding warehouses using his own fleet of bullock carts. 
His maternal grand mother named him Donald after a then prominent individual in Payagala in southern Sri Lanka, “Donald Gunathilaka”. 
A remarkable incident that outline during his infancy was one rainy night during monsoon season in Payagala in southern Sri Lanka when there were no prominent accessible roads and the only transportation was a bullock cart, he fell hopelessly sick. His mother summoned a bullock cart and climbed it from the back with her infant son as there was no other way to save his life than taking him to the hospital in the nearest town traveling a formidable distance even under that cruel weather. As they rode only light shown there path was a hurricane lantern swinging violently from its moors side to side due endless gusts of wind and the rain.
Seeing the lantern mother wished “As my chilled hardly breathe, if this lantern blows away so my son will leave me. If not as strong as the flame that can hold this mighty wind away and show us our way he will prevail and he will enlighten this world with radiance of wisdom”
Suddenly a strong gust of wind threw the lantern from its moors to the ground and the mother closed her eyes. She felt the cart came to a stand still then she reluctantly opened her eyes to see in disbelief the lantern shining with light lying on the ground and the driver on his way to pick it up.
As an Lawyer 
Having passed out of Ceylon Law College as an Advocate he apprenticed under Advocate H.W. Jayawardena QC and Advocate A.C. Gunaratne. He took oaths as an Advocate of the Supreme Court of Ceylon in 1958 and functioned as an Assistant Legal Draftsman in the Legal Draftsmen’s Department from 1964 to 1967.
As an Military Officer 
He was commissioned as a Lieutenant Colonel in the Sri Lanka Army in the highest rank an officer ever to be commisiioned in its history. He functioned as the Judge Advocate General to the Armed Forces from 1967 to 1981. He was promoted to the rank of Colonel and then to Brigadier in his tenure in the Sri Lanka Army.
During insurrection of JVP against then Sirimavo Bandaranayake Government, Brigadier Donald D Hewagama was given an assignment to overlook the prevailing administration setup in the north central area of Sri Lanka and was sent with a convoy of armed military vehicles and on his way back from the destination he sighted a gathering of youth detained by the soldiers under emergency law in a road crossing near Warakapola area in the North Western province of the country. He immediately ordered his convoy to stop and got off from his car and held an inquiry on the spot. He found that some of these children who were not even in their teens have been used as scapegoats by the ruthless terrorists to carry their letters.
He pardoned some of these children and brought them down to the Army Headquarters in Colombo to be rehabilitated and later released. 
As an Judicial Officer
After his retirement from the Army at the age of 55 years he functioned as a Judicial Officer in the Sri Lanka Judiciary. 
Brigadier Donald D Hewagama has functioned as the Judge at the trial of the then Member of Parliament for Hewaheta for the offence of smuggling gold bars to Sri Lanka. 
A notable incident that the citizens under his judicial area still talk about is how he solved the case of a stolen calf. Inspired buy the famous Chinese folktale Circle of Chalk (later translated into many languages) he ordered two farmers fighting over a little calf to tie there cows to two trees and let the calf to find his own mother, To the amazement of the audience the hungry calf headed straight to his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="31047981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047981" title="Henry C. Turner Prize for Innovation in Construction Technology">
Henry C. Turner Prize for Innovation in Construction Technology

The Henry C. Turner Prize for Innovation in Construction Technology is awarded annually by the National Building Museum to recognize outstanding leadership and innovation in the field of construction methods and processes, including engineering design and construction techniques and practices. Created in 2002 by an endowment established by the Turner Construction Company and named after the company's founder, the prize carries a cash award of $25,000.
<br>
Past honorees include individuals and organizations such as architect I. M. Pei, for encouraging construction and engineering innovation with his designs; Stanford University civil engineering professor Paul Teicholz, for his work in paving the way for Building Information Modeling; and Engineers Without Borders–USA for efforts in creating sustainable infrastructure in poverty-stricken world communities and for "instilling a sense of global responsibility in the next generation of engineers," according to the award jury. When Frank Gehry accepted the prize on behalf of Gehry Partners in 2007, he stated, "I've gotten a lot of awards from the artsy side of the profession, but this one's from the meat-and-potatoes side, and that's pretty special."<br>
In addition to the Turner Prize, the National Building Museum also awards the Vincent Scully Prize, which honors exemplary practice, scholarship, or criticism in architecture, historic preservation, and urban design, and the Honor Award for individuals and organizations who have made important contributions to the U.S.'s building heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="31047997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047997" title="Cxense">
Cxense

Cxense (pronounced ['si:sɛns]) is a software company.
History.
Cxense was founded in 2010. The main purpose was to develop technology that can understand the full context of any online and mobile activity, and then use this capability to deliver context-aware applications that improve the user experience and efficiency of online web sites.
Products.
The Cxense solutions are delivered in a software as a service (SaaS) model. Cxense uses audience data and advanced analytics to create hyper-relevant content recommendations, targeted advertising and predictive search for publishers. 
Customers.
Customers include AEON Group, Aller Media, Alma Media, Amedia, Archant, A. H. Belo Corporation, Bonnier, El Comercio, The Economist, Egmont, Eniro, Globo, Local World, Morris Communications, MTG, Naspers, Nippon Television, Polaris Media, Rakuten, Grupo RBS, Ringier, Schibsted, Summit Media, Tamedia, VOYAGE GROUP and Yomiuri.
Cxense products are used by online newspapers, e-commerce directories, and phone companies. Cxense conducts joint R&D with universities such as the University of Oslo (UiO), and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) to develop new algorithms, and is supported by Innovation Norway, the Norwegian Government organization promoting industrial development.
Location.
Cxense is a global company headquartered in Oslo, Norway, with offices in Buenos Aires, Copenhagen, London, Madrid, Melbourne, Miami, New York, Rio de Janeiro, San Francisco, Singapore, Stockholm, and Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="31048021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048021" title="Visakhapatnam – Secunderabad Duronto Express">
Visakhapatnam – Secunderabad Duronto Express

The Visakhapatnam - Secunderabad Duronto Express is a superfast AC express train of the Indian Railways, announced in 2011-12 Railway Budget by Mamata Banerjee, the then Minister of Indian Railways, connecting Secunderabad (SC) to Visakhapatnam (VSKP). It is the fastest way between the two cities and will consist of 18 coaches. The budget originally proposed the German engineered Linke Holfmann Bush coaches, designed for an operating speed up to 160 km/h and tested up to 180 km/h. However, due to a shortage of these LHBs, the train old rake of a Rajdhani express train was vinyl wrapped and given the duronto look. On 30 June 2012, the Indian Railways announced that the train will be flagged of on 6 July. However, it wasn't. The Hindu, later announced on 11 July, that the train would be first flagged off from Visakhapatnam on 12 July and it would enter full service from then. This is the fastest train between the cities of Visakhapatnam and Secunderabad.
By July 2012, the train became adequately popular among the citizens and thus, it was sold out for the rest of the month. The train notably got overbooked on Sundays. On its second journey between Visakhapatnam and Secunderabad, the train arrived only 15 minutes late, and thus performed much better than its first journey. The train started losing fame only a month from inauguration. Passengers frequently complained about the poor quality of the journey and the discomfort experienced during the overnight ride. Critics claimed that this train is used only for "speedy travel" citing the easy availability of tickets as a reason. From August 2012, the train started running with a Lallaguda based WAP 4 locomotive, against its original plan of WAP 7. The train was given the topmost priority in the early morning rush hour at Secunderabad Junction and was allowed into the station first, delaying other trains. In September, that year, images of the coaches of the train went online, showing minor flaws in the vinyl wraps applied to the coaches giving it the "duronto look". Bends at the doors of the coaches revealed the old Rajdhani livery which was another confirmation of the old coaches being used to run this train.
History.
Pre-Introduction.
Unlike most trains in India, the introduction of this train was rather different. It was full of rumours and controversies. Around 15 months after the proposal of the train, there were rumours that the old coaches of a Rajdhani Express train would be used. Soon, The Hindu confirmed that the train will be given LHB rakes, as the classic ICF rakes would not be suitable to the speeds of the train. On April 24m however, the old rake of the Bangalore Rajdhani Express was sent to Lallaguda a major overhaul and vinyl-wrapping. Critics said that it sounded more like "Old wine in a new bottle" as the rake sent to Lallaguda was well over 20 years old. The Bharatiya Janata Party often criticised the Railway minister for neglecting the state of Andhra Pradesh. The introduction of the duronto itself was a result of such agitation. However, despite announcing the train in the railway budget, the train is yet to start. This resulted in the Party going on strike again and campaigning against the Ministry of Railways. Soon, the Communist Party of India (Marxist) also joined the strike and burnt an effigy of the Union Minister of India stating their dissatisfaction regarding the neglect of the region. The Party stated the budget as a "letdown for Visakhapatnam" and claimed that "it was a reflection of the "indifference" of the Central Government towards Visakhapatnam".
On 27 May, nearly five Air conditioned ICF coaches in Duronto livery were spotted outside Secunderabad Junction. They belonged to the South Central Railway but the windows of the AC II tier compartments had smaller windows, unlike most SCR trains that had large windows in all AC coaches. This made it clear that the rake being used really did belong to the decades old Bangalore Rajdhani express. The Indian Railway finally delivered old coaches 18 months after the train was proposed. Critics claimed that the passengers would enjoy if they survived a ride in an old, dirty rake at an average speed of 74 kilometres per hour. They claimed that the Indian Railway wasn't allotting LHB coaches on this route because the demand was so high that the train would be full despite how old the rake was. The bitter truth, however, is that the Indian Railway has been lying all throughout. The LHB rake for the Bangalore Rajdhani was ready months ago. The rake procured for the Duronto need not be allotted to the Rajdhani. The fact is that the rake for this Duronto was never made at all. Critics claimed that this rake cannot run at speeds exceeding 110 kmph continuously and hence it would never meet the schedule.
Post-Introduction.
On 30 June, the Indian Railways, during a press conference at the Rail Nilayam, Secunderabad, the building housing the Zonal Headquarters Office of the South Central Railway, announced that the train will be officially flagged off on 6 July. The announcement was positively accepted by critics and was thereby, a success. However, the train did not start on 6 July. The Indian railways announced the next day that the revised inaugural date would be announced later claiming that the delay was due to the non-availability of coaches. However, since a full rake was already spotted outside Secunderabad's railway station, it turned out that the launch was postponed due to non-availability of a VIP, who was supposed to flag-off the train. Critics claimed that "It’s high time that greater importance was given to the needs of passengers rather than satisfying those in power." On 11 July, a well decorated empty rake of the train was sent on a test run to Visakhapatnam. It was considered to be its inaugural run, since that was the way the rake was decorated. However, all the decoration on the train was all for the journey the next day. The train finally left Visakhapatnam towards Secunderabad on its maiden journey on 12 July 2012. The fares were then set as for first class, for second class and for third class journey. There was a misconception that the fare also included a meal surcharge. Passengers claimed that the food was not being served though money was collected for that purpose. However, it turned out that the cost of travel on this train was much less that the Godavari Express, a superfast express train travelling the same route. The air conditioner on the B7 coach stopped working on the very first journey due to a technical snag in the coach causing it to lose power. It was restored in around 45 minutes. The train arrived at Secunderabad the next morning, late by an hour and 45 minutes.
Overview.
The train will run non-stop between the two cities cover the distance of in 9 hours, 25 minutes. It will be the fastest train between the two cities. The train (22204) will depart Secunderabad at 08:30 PM on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays and reach Visakhapatnam at 06:05 AM on the next day. In the return direction the train (22203) will depart Visakhapatnam at 10:30 PM on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays and reach Secunderabad at 08:00 AM on the next day. The rake was originally proposed to have had 10 AC Three Tier Coaches, 4 AC Two Tier Coaches, 2 AC First Class and 2 EOG Cars making a total of 18 coaches, but it has only 9 AC Three Tier, 3 AC Two Tier and One AC First Class coaches making it only 15 coaches long.
The train has a technical stop at Vijayawada Junction, where the locomotive gets reversed and the water tanks in each coach of the train is refilled with water. The train is also loaded with all the amenities like water bottles and food packages required for the next morning, since the train stops nowhere else. The train 22203, from Visakhapatnam to Secunderabad stops at Vijayawada at 03:15 AM, for fifteen minutes and leaves at 03:30. The train 22204, from Secunderabad to Visakhapatnam stops at Vijayawada at 01:10 AM for fifteen minutes as well, and leaves at
01:25.

</doc>
<doc id="31048054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048054" title="So Lucky (Zdob şi Zdub song)">
So Lucky (Zdob şi Zdub song)

"So Lucky" is a song performed by the Moldovan ska-punk band Zdob şi Zdub who represented their country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany. The song finished in 12th place.

</doc>
<doc id="31048062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048062" title="Partisan Battalion Pino Budicin">
Partisan Battalion Pino Budicin

The First Partisan battalion, ”Pino Budicin” was a military unit of the,” Vladimir Gortan” Brigade, 43rd Division of the 4th Army Corps of the Yugoslav Liberation Army during World War II. The battalion was almost entirely made up of Italians, most of them from the former Italian region of Istria.
History.
Initially formed as a company around mid-September 1943 the unit grew up until restructured and was granted the battalion status, during a small ceremony held at Stanzia Bembo, or Bembo farm, few miles away of Istrian village of Valle, on April 4, 1944; this was also the place of the first engagement of the newly endorsed unit. In fact that day during the ceremony the battalion was attached by a German Unit. As first battalion’s commander was appointed, Giuseppe ALIZZI. A Sicilian from Giarre, he was a former Lieutenant of the Italian Army who had joined the Partisans after the Italian capitulation of September 8, 1943.
When reorganized as a battalion, the strength was about 120 officers and men, including some political commissars, in charge of the political control. The original three companies were: the 1st company, commanded by Milan ISKRA, where Giorgio PASCUCCI was the Political Commissar; the 2nd company commanded by Nando SACCO, the political commissar was Benito TURCINOVICH, and the 3rd company commanded by (?) DEOTTO, whose political commissar was Riccardo DAVEGGIA. All the mentioned commanders and commissars have been appointed with order n. 29 – 273/1944 issued on June 15, 1944 by the Partisan HQ of the People's Liberation Army of Yugoslavia. The battalion also included a semi-autonomous Commandos company lead by the,” Popular Hero”, Matteo BENUSSI-CIO, and a supply platoon. A month later being turned into a battalion, its strength had risen up to 400 men. According to the partisan warfare, this number would have been enough for the creation of another battalion or even a new Partisan Brigade, following the example of the Partisan Assault Battalion Trieste turned into the new 20th Partisan Brigade Garibaldi-Trieste on April 1944, operating within the 9th Korpus. The 20th Partisan Brigade Garibaldi from May through December 1944 had the Partisan Battalion,” Alma Vivoda” also an ethnic Italian unit, that was operating in Capodistria area, under its direct control. However, for undisclosed reasons the creation of new Italian unit was not authorized by the senior Partisan authorities. A possible explanation may be that, an all-Italian-partisan-unit, organized as major tactical military formation, operating in the area would have been a possible future complication to the annexing plan of the Istrian area to the new Communist Yugoslavia. Therefore to decrease the number, many Italian partisans who had joined the unit, were subsequently mustered to other non-ethic-Italian-partisan units; to mention one of them, the partisan Giusto CURTO a veteran of the Budicin Battalion. A peculiarity of the Pino Budicin Battalion was the use of the Italian language, for communication between rank and files, and with senior commands.
Because the majority of the unit was composed by Italians from Istria, most of them could not properly read and write, and in many cases even speak the Croatian language, the language spoken by almost all the partisan units in the Croatian area, and even those who spoke the language at home, had no full command of the written language; this mainly because the Fascist policy from 1920s onward had highly discouraged the use of non-Italian languages in the Istria and Krast areas, two of the territories annexed to Italy after the dissolution of the Austrian Empire which had a mixed population of Italians and Slavs. Orders were therefore given in Italian as well as the communication with senior commands. This fact is mentioned in a letter of IX Yugoslav Army Corps (IX Corpus) dated April 23, 1944. The same letter also remarked the poor training of the Battalion Officers, and the lack of efficient equipment and weapons, most of it coming from the looting of the Italian Army posts after its dissolution in September 8, 1943.
The origin of the name.
The battalion, ”Pino BUDICIN” was named after the communist activist, and Yugoslav Popular Hero, Giuseppe “Pino BUDICIN”; born on April 27, 1911 in Rovigno d’Istra, a small city on the Istrian coast then under Austria-Hungary, passed at the end of World War I under the Italian sovereignty. At the age of 21, Pino BUDICIN was drafted into the Italian Armed Forces, and served in the Italian Royal Navy at the naval base of La Spezia from 1931 to 1933; it was during this period that his communist activity was noted by the military authority. At the end of his military obligation Pino BUDICIN went back to his native city. Between 1933 and 1943, he was arrested many times for his activity within the Italian Communist Party. Released on August 1943 from the Castelfranco Emilia prison, where he had been confined after the last arrest, he returned to his native city, where he immediately resumed his clandestine activity, organizing communist cells in town and in the surrounding area. On September 8, 1943 after the Italian Radio had broadcast the term of the Armistice between Italy and the allied forces, he quickly acted addressing locals in the city’s main square, and organizing the uprising in Rovigno. When the German army retook the city, few weeks later, he moved out of town, and together with his comrades, actively joined the partisans. Slightly wounded after a small engagement he was captured on February 7, 1944 around “Santa Brigida” with another partisan, Augusto FERRI, a former Italian Army Commissioned Officer, also known as the, ”Bolognese”, and together with him executed by the firing squad, the day after at the Valdibora Harbor in Rovigno. As he was going to be shot, Budicin defiantly, shouted to the firing squad, ”out of every drop of my blood, hundred partisans!”. After the war the local authorities erected a bust on his memory naming Pino BUDICIN on September 26, 1973 a, ”Popular Hero”. At the time of his death, Pino BUDICIN was the Secretary of the Communist Party in the Rovigno area, and the local representative to the National Anti-Fascist Council of the People's Liberation of Croatia or ZAVHOH.
Actions 1944-1945.
The battalion saw action mainly in the territory comprised in, the Istrian Peninsula and Karst Plateau, the former Italian eastern provinces of Fiume and Pola, and was involved in many engagements, against German and Italian Republican Fascist forces and took part the battle of Gumanac, nearby Mount Nevoso, at the battle of Clana and at the battle of Stazia Camus near Pisino. The battalion also fought against the Croatian Ustascia in the Ogulin area. During the night of April 29, 1945 the battalion joined the other Gortan Brigade Units at Erjavce, and through Slivjia marched down by the,” Camionale road” towards Trieste. On its way to the city the battalion was engaged in a fight by German forces. Its vanguard made contact with the 20th Dalmatian Partisan Division around Kozina. At this point the Battalion’s commander Milan Iskra asked his seniors the permission to join the forces that were marching down to Trieste, but this request was turned down. However four battalion members were attached to other Partisan forces and entered with them in Trieste on May 1, 1945. Instead the BUDICIN battalion received orders to move back to Istria, and was among the first units entering in Pola, now Pula in Croatia, on May 8, 1945.
After the war and dissolution.
When US and British forces landed in Pola on June 12, 1945, to establish the United Nations administration the battalion was withdrew on the Demilitarization line running from Medolino- Altura -Gallesano - Dignano d’Istria, and was subsequently garrisoned as occupation force in the city of Fiume, now Rijeka in Croatia. The unit left Fiume at the beginning of 1947 and was sent to Parenzo on the Istrian Coast, and established its headquarters at Plava Laguna. Shortly afterwards the Battalion was mustered back to Rovigno again. The unit was officially disbanded on September 16, 1947 after the effects of the Paris Treaty who had transferred Istria and the Italian Dalmatia to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Legacy.
The first Battalion commander Giuseppe ALIZZI survived the war, and returned to his native city of Giarre in Sicily. There he became a well-known communist local leader. He died on September,1991.
Giusto CURTO (1909-1988), a veteran in the BUDICIN’s Battalion who was later assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 1st Brigade of the 13th Partisan division, after the war became a poet, and a writer in local Rovignese dialect, and lived until his death in his native Rovigno.
Benito TURCINOVICH, was the Political Commissar of the second company; after the war he migrated to Italy and was listed as an Anti-communist refugee, as well as many other Italian communists from Yugoslavia, after Tito severed ties with Stalin’s Soviet Union.
Bruno TOMINI the last battalion commander suffered a worse fate. Born in 1918, the son of a metal worker, after a brief experience as a school teacher, during which he said, he was ill-treated by Fascist Party members for his communist ideas, he enlisted the Italian Army and was commissioned from the Army Officer School of Fano a second Lieutenant. At the outbreak of the War, he was deployed with his Regiment, the 94 Infantry “Messina” in the Balkan area. In 1942 he deserted and joined the partisans and was assigned to the XIII Partisan Division in Gorski Kator. After September 8, 1943 he was quickly mustered to the Histrian area to help organizing the new partisan units formed after the Italian surrender. For long period he was the battalion's Chief of Operation. In 1948, when Marshall Tito severed ties with Moscow, Bruno TOMINI was one of the 50,000 Yugoslavs that because of their loyalty to the International and Soviet communism, were incarcerated at Goli Otok island prison opened in 1949.There under harsh conditions and humiliations, many of them did not return to their homes.
Orlando GARLATO was the first fallen of the battalion, while Arnaldo De FRANCESCHI, born 1928, was the last one to fall on May 6, 1945 around Pisino in Istria.
Domenico,” Uccio” MEDELIN a veteran of the Battalion, left the active service in the Yugoslav People's Army in 1965 with the rank of Major.
Casualties and losses.
The casualties suffered by the Pino BUDICIN Battalion can only be approximately determined as the battalion archives went lost at least three times during the war. However on June 28, 1945 while addressing people in Fiume, the then battalion’s Political Commissar Mario JEDREICICH mentioned these figures; 75 men killed in action, 150 men wounded, and 120 missing in action. On June 6, 1946 the last battalion’s commander, Bruno TOMINI, during an interview released at the Fiume/Rijeka newspaper, "La Voce del Popolo" declared that the battalion losses were as follow; 100 men killed in action, 120 wounded and 80 men missing in action.
Awards.
As recognition of valor in action the Partisan Battalion Pino BUDICIN, on April 4, 1945 was rewarded with the war flag, the Italian flag defaced with the red communist star.
During the years of service more than 200 Battalion’s members were awarded with decorations, many of them with the Yugoslav Medal of Valor.
After the war the battalion was also awarded with a permanent display at the Civic museum of Rovigno, to show to the new citizens of Yugoslavia the contribute that the Italians had given to war against the Fascist and Nazis tyranny in the area. Few year later the permanent display was disbanded to be briefly restored only in 1974 at the thirstiest anniversary of the Battalion foundation. The present day Italian council of Rovigno had hopes to restore the permanent display as it was in its origin.

</doc>
<doc id="31048071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048071" title="GNOME Ease">
GNOME Ease

GNOME Ease is a free presentation program for the GNOME desktop environment licensed as free software under version 3 of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
Ease is noted for simple and clean interface design which is quick to learn.
There are various templates for the creation of new presentations. Images and videos can be embedded into the presentations. Appropriate media content can be searched directly from within the program interface out of the portfolio of online platforms like Flickr or the Open Clip Art Library. Results can be exported to the Portable Document Format (PDF), PostScript, or HTML.
The project was initiated by Nate Stedman in December 2009. The next summer Stéphane Maniaci joined in, who contributed to the project in the course of a Google Summer of Code scholarship.
It is developed in the programming language Vala and uses GTK+ for the user interface and Clutter for the rendering of animations.

</doc>
<doc id="31048076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048076" title="Carlo Porlezza">
Carlo Porlezza

Carlo Porlezza (born 17 December 1939, in Basel) is a Swiss former football player.
He was born and brought up in Basel and started his football with the youth teams of FC Basel. In 1960 he was called into their first team and played as defender during the early 1960s. In 1963 he was part of the Cup winning team as Basel beat the favourites Grasshopper Club Zürich 2:0.
Honours and Titles.
Basel

</doc>
<doc id="31048084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048084" title="Clive MacDonnell Dixon">
Clive MacDonnell Dixon

Major Clive MacDonnell Raylton Dixon, 10th Baron Dixon of Hyewortone, VC (10 February 1870 Middlesbrough - 6 Nov 1914 Ypres) was an English illustrator and soldier, best known for the charming images in his book "The Leaguer of Ladysmith", created during the four-month Siege of Ladysmith in South Africa. This material also appeared in the "Ladysmith Lyre" at the time of the siege. The Sphere praised the book, describing it as 'highly humorous and showing comic sketching genius'.
Dixon was the fifth-born in a family of 6 daughters and 2 sons of Sir Raylton Dixon (1838–1901), shipbuilder from Cleveland Dockyard, Middlesbrough-on-Tees, mayor of Middlesbrough in 1889, himself an amateur artist and caricaturist, and great, great grandson of George Dixon and great great nephew of Jeremiah Dixon. 
He attended Rugby School before embarking on a military career and was appointed second lieutenant in the 16th Lancers in October 1890, and Captain in 1899. During the Second Anglo-Boer War 1899-1901 he was aide-de-camp to Sir George White, and was promoted a brevet Major in November 1900. 
Dixon married Lilian Margaret Bell, who was living at Chapelgarth, Great Broughton, North Yorkshire, with whom he had a son, John Clive Raylton. when he was killed at Ypres shortly after receiving the substantive promotion to Major. He was buried in the Nieuwkerke Churchyard in Belgium.
Several watercolours by Dixon are kept by the Africana Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31048093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048093" title="Marta Gastini">
Marta Gastini

Marta Gastini (born 2 October 1989) is an Italian actress, best known for her supporting role in the 2011 film "The Rite".
Life and career.
After receiving a classical education with honors, she debuted as an actress on Italian television in January 2009 with the television miniseries "Il Bene e il Male" ("Good and Evil"), followed by a starring role in the prime-time miniseries "L'uomo che cavalcava nel buio" ("The Man Who Rode in the Dark").
On 18 December 2009, she made her début in cinema with the film "Io e Marilyn" (Marilyn and I) directed by Leonardo Pieraccioni, where she played the role of Martha, daughter of Gualtiero Marchesi, who was played by the director.
In 2010, aged 20, Gastini appeared with Anthony Hopkins and Colin O'Donoghue in the American film "The Rite", directed by Mikael Håfström and produced by New Line Cinema in Los Angeles.
In 2011, Gastini appeared as Giulia Farnese in the TV series "Borgia".
Other activities.
In 2008, Gastini became a spokeswoman for the Christian Blind Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="31048102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048102" title="Precisely (sketch)">
Precisely (sketch)

Precisely is a dramatic sketch by the English playwright Harold Pinter.
Pinter wrote "Precisely" for a theatrical evening arranged by the peace movement 18 December 1983. In the sketch, two men, Stephen and Roger, argue about exact number of a figure, whether 20 million or more. It becomes clear that they are talking about body counts.
References.
Charles Grimes, "Harold Pinter's politics: a silence beyond echo" 

</doc>
<doc id="31048129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048129" title="Anti-D (song)">
Anti-D (song)

"Anti-D" is a single from indie-rock band: The Wombats. The single was released in the United Kingdom on 11 April 2011 as a digital download on The Wombats official site, and 10 April on iTunes including three B-sides; "I'm a Robot Like You", "Dear Hamburg" and "Wonderful Distraction". This is the third single from the album "", following "Tokyo (Vampires & Wolves)" and "Jump Into the Fog". BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe made "Anti-D" his "Hottest Record in the World" on 21 February 2011.
To celebrate Record Store Day, an exclusive "Anti-D" single, with different album art, was released.
Conception.
The song, written by vocalist Matthew Murphy, tells the story of his addiction to anti-depressants, which he had been taking to combat his anxiety, which he said made him "a mess". He claims that the main reason he felt he had to come off the pills was the fact that he was gaining weight, which inspires the line "Then there's the extra two stone that's our only guarantee".
Critical reception.
John Fernandez of music blog There Goes the Fear gave the song a positive review, saying:
"It's by far their most grown-up single so far; the lyrics are hard hitting, and while I myself may not be able to relate to it easily, I can imagine that it strikes a chord with the audience they are looking for."

</doc>
<doc id="31048134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048134" title="French ship Sinfra">
French ship Sinfra

The Sinfra was a French cargo ship, which sank on 20 October 1943 at Suda Bay, Crete, killing some 2,098 Italian POW's.
Background.
The Greek island of Crete had been captured by the Germans in the Battle of Crete in May 1941, and was occupied by a mixed German-Italian force. The Italian garrison unit was the 51st "Siena" Infantry Division, consisting of 21,700 men, which occupied the easternmost prefecture of Lasithi. 
On 8 September 1943 the Armistice between Italy and Allied armed forces was signed, and the Italians in Crete and elsewhere were disarmed by the Germans without major problems. As elsewhere, they were given the choice to continue the war alongside Germany, or to be sent to the Reich to perform forced labor.
A minority chose to continue the fight and formed the "Legione Italiana Volontaria Creta".
The disaster.
The "Sinfra" was a French cargo ship Aveyron of 4470 tons, confiscated by the Germans. On 20 October 1943, 2,460 prisoners (2,389 Italians, 71 Greek) were crammed in the cargo hold of the ship to be transported to the Greek mainland. There were also 204 Germans on board. At Suda Bay, the ship was attacked by USAAF B-25s and RAF Beaufighters and sunk. 2,098 POW's drowned.

</doc>
<doc id="31048140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048140" title="Irv Higginbotham">
Irv Higginbotham

Irving Clinton Higginbotham (1882–1959), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1906 to 1909. He would play for the St. Louis Cardinals and Chicago Cubs.

</doc>
<doc id="31048171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048171" title="Ejigu">
Ejigu

Ejigu is a personal name of Ethiopian origin which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31048172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048172" title="Murray Turner">
Murray Turner

Murray Stuart Turner (born 27 January 1964) played first-class and List A cricket for Somerset from 1984 to 1986. He was born at Shaftesbury, Dorset.
Turner was a lower-order right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. Though born in Dorset, his club cricket was in the Taunton area and he appeared for Somerset's second eleven and its colts' team at the age of 17. He made his first-team debut in a single first-class match in the 1984 season, but then played fairly regularly in both the first-class and one-day formats in 1985, when Somerset had an unexpectedly poor season and finished at the bottom of the County Championship. In 10 first-class matches, Turner averaged nearly 24 with the bat, though that was in part due to half his 12 innings ending with him not out, and his highest score was an unbeaten 24 against Warwickshire in the match where Viv Richards made 322. In the same game, Turner took four wickets for 74 runs, the only time he took more than two first-class wickets in an innings. He was no more successful in one-day matches, where in 13 outings he took only 10 wickets and made 68 runs. "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" wrote: "Turner... had a few good days, but not enough to attract another contract." But though no longer on the staff, Turner did play a little for Somerset in 1986, appearing in a single first-class fixture and four List A games, in one of which, against Glamorgan, he made an unbeaten 22, his best one-day score.
After finishing in first-class cricket, Turner joined the Royal Air Force where, according to one account, "he found renewed scope for runs and, more significantly for a quickish bowler, wickets."

</doc>
<doc id="31048186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048186" title="Charlie Rhodes">
Charlie Rhodes

Charles Anderson Rhodes (1885–1918), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1906 to 1909. He would play for the St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="31048192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048192" title="Copigmentation">
Copigmentation

Copigmentation is a phenomenon where pigmentation due to anthocyanidins is reinforced by the presence of other colorless flavonoids known as cofactors or “copigments”. This occurs by the formation of a non-covalently-linked complex. 
Examples.
An example is the bluish purple flowers of the Japanese garden iris ("Iris ensata"). The characteristic floral jade coloration of "Strongylodon macrobotrys" has been shown to be an example of copigmentation, a result of the presence of malvin (the anthocyanin) and saponarin (a flavone glucoside) in the ratio 1:9.
It is a phenomenon observed in the berry color of the porcelain berry ("Ampelopsis brevipedunculata").
Part of the color of red wine can be due to the copigmentation phenomenon. Copigmentation is only important during the early stages of a wine's age. Anthocyanins begin to polymerize with other wine compounds, such as hydroxycinnamic acids, tannins, glyceraldehyde or proteins, to form more complex structures with covalent C–C bonds.

</doc>
<doc id="31048195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048195" title="Kabaw">
Kabaw

Kabaw, Kabao or Cabao () is a town in the Nalut District in northwestern Libya. It lies just off of the Gharyan–Nalut road and about west of Jadu, on the northern edge of the Tripolitanian Plateau in the Nafusa Mountains.
History.
Historically, Kabaw was a Berber town in the Ghadames administrative area. After World War II, it was occupied by the French military and governed from Tunisia. It was returned to Libyan control in 1951.
Attractions.
Kabaw is home to the "ghurfas" or "Ksar Kabaw" a Berber hilltop village-fort, now abandoned. The "ghurfas" is built mainly of rock, gypsum and adobe, with doors made of palm wood.
The Spring Qsar Festival is held in April almost every year.

</doc>
<doc id="31048200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048200" title="Nikolayevsky (rural locality)">
Nikolayevsky (rural locality)

Nikolayevsky (; masculine), Nikolayevskaya (; feminine), or Nikolayevskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Astrakhan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Astrakhan Oblast bears this name:
Belgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Belgorod Oblast bears this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Bryansk Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Buryatia.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Buryatia bears this name:
Chuvash Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Chuvash Republic bears this name:
Irkutsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Irkutsk Oblast bears this name:
Karachay–Cherkess Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Karachay–Cherkess Republic bears this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kirov Oblast bears this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kostroma Oblast bears this name:
Leningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Leningrad Oblast bears this name:
Mari El Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Mari El Republic bears this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Republic of North Ossetia–Alania.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania bears this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novosibirsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Novosibirsk Oblast bears this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Oryol Oblast bears this name:
Perm Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Perm Krai bears this name:
Rostov Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Rostov Oblast bear this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ryazan Oblast bears this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name:
Stavropol Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Stavropol Krai bears this name:
Tambov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tambov Oblast bears this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Volgograd Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Volgograd Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vologda Oblast bears this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Yaroslavl Oblast bears this name:
Zabaykalsky Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Zabaykalsky Krai bears this name:

</doc>
<doc id="31048222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048222" title="Terry Winsor">
Terry Winsor

Terry Winsor is a British film director who has worked with such stars as Richard Harris, Sean Bean and Tom Wilkinson. He has directed a fair amount of films, TV programs and even a game, for a full list see below, which has led to a reasonable amount of success within the world of film. 

</doc>
<doc id="31048238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048238" title="Tommy Karevik">
Tommy Karevik

Tommy Karevik (born November 1, 1981 in Botkyrka, Stockholm County, Sweden) is a Swedish metal vocalist, best known as the singer for metal bands Seventh Wonder and Kamelot.
Early life.
Karevik was born in 1981 in Botkyrka, Sweden. He began singing at a young age, and was a member of his elementary school's choir.
At college, Karevik studied nature and science.
Career.
Seventh Wonder.
Karevik first joined progressive metal band, Seventh Wonder, prior to the release of their debut album "Become" in 2005. Despite the warm reception of the album at the time of its release, the band members have stated that they were generally unhappy with the album due to its poor mixing. Once Karevik joined the band, they toured briefly to promote the album.
The band then returned to the studio, eager to produce fresh material with their vocalist. The resulting album was "Waiting in the Wings", released in 2006. The album was met with very positive reviews.
In 2008, Seventh Wonder released the critically acclaimed concept album "Mercy Falls", and in 2010, they released, "The Great Escape".
Studio footage from "The Great Escape" recording sessions were posted on the band's official forum and YouTube channel. In these videos, it is explained that Karevik was experiencing problems with his voice during the recording of the album, and had to regularly apply a special spray to his throat in order to continue recording his vocals. 
Kamelot.
In 2011, Karevik performed as a guest vocalist for the American symphonic metal band Kamelot. Kamelot was forced to tour without their longtime vocalist Roy Khan, who was unable to perform due to personal problems. Khan was replaced on tour by Italian singer Fabio Lione of Rhapsody of Fire, and during the tour, Kamelot announced that Khan had left the band. During Kamelot's tour of Europe, Karevik joined the crew, singing mostly backing vocals, but also performing solo on the songs "EdenEcho" and "Center of the Universe".
On June 22, 2012, Kamelot announced that Karevik had joined as lead singer, replacing Roy Khan.
The Theory of Everything (Ayreon).
On August 31, 2013, Karevik was announced as a guest vocalist, playing the lead role, in the progressive rock opera project Ayreon's album "The Theory of Everything".
Personal life.
Karevik's first contact with metal music was through a classmate. Inspired by his classmates ability to play guitar, Karevik soon picked up a guitar for the first time. During the days that followed, Karevik wrote his first song in Swedish.
Karevik claims his biggest influence was Jørn Lande.
Away from his musical work, Karevik works as a full-time firefighter.

</doc>
<doc id="31048289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048289" title="Georgian parliamentary election, 1995">
Georgian parliamentary election, 1995

Parliamentary elections were held in Georgia on 5 November 1995, with a second round on 19 November. The result was a victory for the Union of Citizens of Georgia, which won 108 of the 235 seats. Voter turnout was 66.6%
Due to its breakaway status, the elections were not held in Abkhazia, resulting in the 12 MPs elected in 1992 retaining their seats.

</doc>
<doc id="31048293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048293" title="Mithila Prasad Tripathi">
Mithila Prasad Tripathi

Mithila Prasad Tripathi is a Sanskrit poet who won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit for 2010 for his poetry.
The Sahitya Akademi is India's national academy of letters that awards the Jnanpith Award, India's highest literary award, and the Sahitya Akademi Award for each language is considered the second-highest literary award in India and the highest award for that language.
He was the director of Kalidasa Akademi in Ujjain from 2007 to 2010.
He is also the chairman of Maharshi Patanjali Sanskrit Pratishthan, Bhopal, and was on the advisory board of the World Samskrit Book Fair held in January 2010.
Additionally, he has served on the Madhya Pradesh Sanskrit Board and on the Board of Management of the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan. On Independence Day 2013, he was awarded a Certificate of Honour by the president of India, for contribution to Sanskrit.
Works.
Panditraj Prof. Mithila Prasad Tripathi is currently Vice Chancellor in Maharshi Panini Sanskrit ewam Vedic University B.M Birla Shodh Sansthan Dewas road Ujjain (Madhya Pradesh)providing Quality Education in Mythological fields.

</doc>
<doc id="31048316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048316" title="Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey">
Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey

"Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey" is a 2010 British documentary film directed and produced by Maninderpal Sahota. It is presented and narrated by American actress and singer Lindsay Lohan. In the hour long documentary, Lohan talks to victims of human trafficking in Delhi, Kolkata and a village in West Bengal. She also talks to a former trafficker, parents of trafficked children and visits the Sanlaap women's and children's shelter in Kolkata. The documentary was filmed in India over a period of a week in December 2009. Lohan became involved in the project after meeting Sahota at a social event and expressing an interest in participating.
"Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey" received extensive negative media coverage since its inception. The BBC were heavily criticized for hiring Lohan despite her then recent widely publicized drink-driving conviction and "party lifestyle". BBC said they chose Lohan to attract an audience that might otherwise not watch. Indian non-governmental organization, Bachpan Bachao Andolan, criticized Lohan for a Twitter post where she appeared to take credit for one of their raids, something BBC said was a misinterpretation. The media coverage did not translate to high ratings. In its original broadcast on BBC Three on 1 April 2010, it was viewed by 224,000 households, a 0.9% share of the audience. Critics complimented the documentary for being well researched and compelling, but found Lohan's presence to be odd and distracting.
Synopsis.
In "Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey", Lohan meets and interviews victims of human trafficking in Delhi, Kolkata and a village in West Bengal. They talk about the exploitation and abuse they have experienced, describing sexual slavery, physical abuse and difficulties in bringing their traffickers to justice. She also talks to a former trafficker and parents of trafficked children. One trafficked boy says that he can not go back home because his mother is ill. A mother who trafficked her daughter describes how her family did not have enough food, and how even though they never received the promised payments for her daughter's work, at least she was fed.
Lohan visits the Sanlaap centre, a women's and children's shelter in Kolkata. The centre offers dance therapy as part of their treatment and a group of girls perform a dance they have rehearsed. She talks to girls who had been held at a brothel and they describe being raped and drugged. The director of the Sanlaap centre describes how Lohan taking an interest in trafficking might inspire other young people to get involved in counteracting exploitation. Bharti Ali, director of the Non-governmental organization Centre for Child Rights, criticizes the government for not prioritizing child protection. Returning home, Lohan and the film crew are chased by paparazzi photographers at the airport. Two months later, Lohan is in London, England talking to Kate Redman, from Save the Children UK, who describes how one of the issues with government intervention is that only sex and drug trafficking is illegal. She also advocates raising awareness of the issues with trafficking.
Production.
Lohan spent a week in December 2009 in India filming "Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey" with a BBC crew consisting of four people. Lohan became involved in the documentary after meeting Sahota at a social event and expressing her interest in doing it. Sahota stated that he was under the impression that Lohan chose to participate in the documentary "as a result of working in an adult world since she was ten, she feels childhood is precious, and when you lose one you can never replace those years". He also stated that the people they met in rural India were not previously familiar with Lohan.
On the second day of filming the documentary, Lohan posted a message on her Twitter account stating: "Over 40 children saved so far... Within one day's work". Indian non-governmental organization, Bachpan Bachao Andolan, said she had not been part of the raid mentioned and threatened legal action over the post. BBC said Lohan was "misinterpreted" and that "she was merely referring to a raid that happened connected to child trafficking". A few days later Lohan posted again on Twitter praising the work of Bachpan Bachao Andolan. She was originally scheduled to be present for the raid, but due to rescheduling arrived in the country too late. Lohan had also been scheduled to interview a representative for UNICEF for the documentary, but failed to show up. The BBC failed to ensure that Lohan had a proper work visa, which might lead to her being added to an immigration blacklist in India. Of her experience working on the film, Lohan said: "he strength of the young boys and girls I met has been truly humbling" and "I hope my presence in India will bring awareness to the really important issues raised in making this film".
Reception.
According to John Plunkett of "The Guardian": "Few BBC3 programmes have generated quite so much media attention in such a short space of time. But the controversy generated by "Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey" ... was not quite matched by its ratings". In its original broadcast on BBC Three on Thursday, 1 April 2010, the documentary was viewed by 224,000 households. It had a 0.9% share of the audience between 9pm and 10pm.
Critics complimented "Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey" for being well researched and compelling, but they also found Lohan's presence to be odd. In her "Lost in Showbiz" column in "The Guardian", Marina Hyde repeatedly criticized the documentary, in particular the choice to include Lohan, since its inception. She mentions Lohan's then recent conviction for "drink-driving and drug possession", describing her as a "trainwreck star" with a " ... in foreclosure" and goes on to question if BBC was doing "image-laundering services" and whether the decision to hire Lohan was "symptomatic of a wider cultural malaise". Salon.com's Mary Elizabeth Williams likewise criticized BBC3's decision to have Lohan, whom she called a "disaster-prone starlet", front the programme, though she also said that "an effort that raises awareness of a global epidemic – even one that employs a crazy hot chick – is still an effort."
Amelia Gentleman of "The Guardian" described Lohan as "better known for what is euphemistically termed a party lifestyle" and said that while her participation did bring publicity to the project, the attention was uniformly negative and about her person, not the issues. Of the documentary she said that "the material is potent and persuasive", but that Lohan was a "constant, distracting presence". Sam Wollaston of "The Guardian" wrote a satirical, mocking letter ostensibly from the point of view of Lohan: "Some of these kids are sent to work when they're so young. Which I can relate to because I started out working as a child model aged three, and got into movies when I was 11. I can, like, so totally understand where these people are coming from".
Andrew Billen of "The Times" described the documentary as "a crash-course sentimental education" and "a rush job". He said that rather than highlight the crime of trafficking, "the spotlight was effectively turned on Lohan and under it she wilted". In a review in "The Times", Caitlin Moran wrote that the juxtaposition of Lohan with the human suffering of trafficking made for "an odd, disconcerting programme". Alice-Azania Jarvis of "The Independent" found the documentary "very well put-together, very thoroughly researched, and very compelling" and she said that the inclusion of Lohan was "definitely not a terrible choice. Just a very, very odd one."

</doc>
<doc id="31048320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048320" title="Pug Bennett">
Pug Bennett

Justin Titus Bennett (1874–1935) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals. He went to Blackburn College.

</doc>
<doc id="31048325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048325" title="Holy Union Sisters">
Holy Union Sisters

The Sisters of the Holy Union of the Sacred Hearts are a religious congregation of the Roman-Catholic church founded at Douai, France, in 1828, by Father Jean Baptiste Debrabant (1801 - 1889).
The congregation was approved by the Holy See in 1877.
Its rules are taken principally from those of the Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary, founded by Francis of Sales.
The Holy Union Sisters devote themselves to the education of youth.

</doc>
<doc id="31048372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048372" title="Tom O'Hara (baseball)">
Tom O'Hara (baseball)

Thomas Francis O'Hara (1880–1954) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31048391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048391" title="The Miracle (1987 film)">
The Miracle (1987 film)

The Miracle () is a 1987 French comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31048393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048393" title="Thomas Jefferson Kaye">
Thomas Jefferson Kaye

Thomas Jefferson "Tommy" Kaye (born Thomas Jefferson Kontos, 1940? – 16 September 1994) was an American record producer, singer-songwriter and musician. Described as a "legendary hipster", he worked as a songwriter and producer with a wide variety of musicians including The Shirelles, Loudon Wainwright III, and Gene Clark, and also recorded solo albums.
Life and career.
He claimed to have been born in North Dakota in 1940, though some sources suggest a date around 1942. By 1956, when known as Tommy Kontos, he started a vocal group, The Blaretones, in New York, before forming a new group, the Rock-Abouts, the following year. They changed their name to The Ideals in 1958, and recorded two singles for Decca Records. The group regularly backed singer Joey Dee, before he formed the Starliters.
Kontos then joined Scepter Records as an A&R man, reputedly at the age of 18, and changed his name to Kaye at the suggestion of company owner Florence Greenberg. During the 1960s, he wrote and produced material at Scepter and its subsidiary Wand Records for The Shirelles (for whom he co-wrote their 1966 single "Shades of Blue"), Judy Clay, Maxine Brown, Chuck Jackson, The Kingsmen, and others. He reportedly also worked with ? and the Mysterians during this period, though suggestions that he produced their hit "96 Tears" have been discounted by music historian Dave Marsh. Kaye co-wrote the song "One Man Band", which was recorded by Three Dog Night on their 1970 album "Naturally" and became a hit single. He also co-produced the album "Capture the Moment" by Jay and the Americans, with session musicians including Donald Fagen and Walter Becker, later of Steely Dan. In the late 1960s and early 1970s Kaye performed regularly in Greenwich Village with a band, White Cloud, who also appeared on many of his record productions. The band included fiddler Kenny Kosek, and released a self-titled album on the small Good Medicine label in 1972. About the same time, Kaye was commissioned by Columbia Records to produced the third album by Loudon Wainwright III. This produced the hit single "Dead Skunk", and raised Kaye's profile.
He moved to San Francisco in the early 1970s, to produce Link Wray's album "Be What You Want To". There, he "fell in love with Wally Heider's studio and with the air-conditioned San Francisco climate and with the hills and with the cable cars...". He settled in California, and was signed by David Geffen to produce his friend Bob Neuwirth's self-titled 1974 debut solo album, recorded in Los Angeles with a variety of top musicians including Kris Kristofferson, Rita Coolidge, Bob Dylan, Don Everly and Rick Danko. Kaye said of that time: "The hours are crazy, the alcohol thing is crazy, the pills are crazy, the people are crazy... I was just as high as everybody else and I was up for it!" He also produced the album "Triumvirate" by Mike Bloomfield, John Hammond Jr., and Dr. John, and recorded his own debut solo album, "Thomas Jefferson Kaye", issued in 1973. The album was released by ABC-Dunhill Records, featured both Fagen and Becker, and was produced by Gary Katz who also produced Steely Dan. Kaye's second album, "First Grade", used the same musicians and producer, and contained two songs written by Becker and Fagen, "Jones" and "American Lovers."
Kaye then began working with Gene Clark, formerly of The Byrds, on his fourth solo album, "No Other". Produced with a vast array of session musicians and backing singers, the album was an extraordinary amalgam of country rock, folk, gospel, soul and choral music with poetic, mystical lyrics. It was praised by critics, but its production costs of $100,000 which yielded only eight tracks prompted Geffen to berate Clark and Kaye. Kaye also produced Clark's next album, "Two Sides to Every Story", released on the RSO label in 1977, before joining Clark and others to form the K.C. Southern Band ("K.C." representing Kaye and Clark). The band toured Europe alongside the separate bands led by Chris Hillman and Roger McGuinn, but split up after returning to the US. Kaye continued to work with Clark on the latter's studio albums, including "Firebyrd" in 1987.
In later years, Kaye suffered from alcohol and drug dependency, and from illnesses including diabetes. His final album, "Not Alone", came out in 1992 and featured a guest line-up that included Eric Clapton, Dr. John, Steve Miller, Rick Danko, Timothy B. Schmit, Joe Walsh and Robby Krieger. He died in hospital in Warwick, New York, in 1994, after apparently taking an overdose of painkillers.

</doc>
<doc id="31048394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048394" title="The Column (film)">
The Column (film)

The Column () is a 1968 Romanian historical film directed by Mircea Drăgan. The film was selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. The action starts near the end of the Trajan's Dacian Wars (106 AD), when south western Dacia was transformed into a Roman province: Roman Dacia. It covers the years after the war, including the beginnings of the Romanization and Romanian ethnogenesis, the construction of Ulpia Traiana Sarmizegetusa, resistance of the Free Dacians and first barbarian invasions.

</doc>
<doc id="31048424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048424" title="Dumitru Berciu">
Dumitru Berciu

Dumitru Berciu (27 January 1907, Bobaiţa, Mehedinţi – 1 July 1998, Bucharest) was a Romanian historian and archaeologist, honorary member of the Romanian Academy.
He conducted research in South-Eastern and Central Europe, focusing on Geto-Dacians, Thracians and Celts. Dumitru Berciu was governor of National Bank of Romania between 1934 and 1944 and the director of the Romanian Institute of Thracology in Bucharest after 1948. Later in his career, he also focused on the Neolithic and Chalcolithic periods in the Balkans. He is known for his contribution to the development of absolute chronology of prehistoric settlements in the Balkans (Romania and Bulgaria).
He was a modern Maecenas for the Romanian culture. He helped people, supported foundations, journals and institutions. In 1921, Dumitru Berciu founded the Drobeta-Turnu Severin city library and donated over 30,000 volumes. He financially supported lifting the "Palace of Culture" in Drobeta-Turnu Severin, where he installed his library bearing his name to date.

</doc>
<doc id="31048440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048440" title="Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre">
Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre

The Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre (ORCC) is a Canadian organization working to end all forms of sexual violence. When the ORCC was founded in 1974 it became the third rape crisis centre to operate within Canada. The organization’s philosophy is proactive, anti-racist/anti-oppression and feminist.
Services.
The Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre is mandated to provide services to women who are 16 years of age or older. These services include a 24-hour crisis line, counselling services, and a public education program. Counselling services are also available to friends, family members and partners who are supporting a woman who has experienced sexual assault. A variety of programs and projects are also ongoing, such as work with incarcerated women at the Ottawa Carleton Detention Centre, the highly successful Girls Chat program for young women with immigrant and refugee backgrounds which operates within local high schools, and the Safe City website with interactive opportunities for youth.
History.
On December 15, 1974 a small group of women officially opened the ORCC. Prior to this there were no organizations within the Ottawa community offering services to women who had experienced sexual assault. The ORCC became one of only three rape crisis centres in Canada. The other two organizations were operating in Toronto and Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="31048445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048445" title="South Atlantic Review">
South Atlantic Review

The South Atlantic Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the South Atlantic Modern Language Association. It was established in 1935 and publishes articles and reviews in the fields of language and literature. Its editor-in-chief is Matthew Roudané.

</doc>
<doc id="31048466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048466" title="Zalman Gorelik">
Zalman Gorelik

Zalman Gorelik (; 5 April 1908, Bobruisk – 16 February 1987, Minsk) was a geologist, tektonist, and organizer of the Geological Survey of Belarus. He was also co-discoverer of the first deposits of potash, rock salt, and oil in the Pripyat Trough. Doctor of Geological and Mineralogical Sciences (1973).

</doc>
<doc id="31048471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048471" title="Bones of Faerie">
Bones of Faerie

Bones of Faerie is a young adult fantasy novel by Janni Lee Simner, first published in 2009. It is about a girl named Liza, who lives in a post-apocalyptic world where a war between faerie and humans has left behind a devastated planet. What humans are left fear the effects of the Faerie's power so much that they will kill anyone touched by magic.
Plot summary.
The war between humanity and Faerie devastated both sides. Nothing has been seen or heard from Faerie since, but in the human world some magic remains embedded in nature. Corn resists being harvested; dandelions have thorns. Trees terrorize villagers, and the town where Liza lives is surrounded by a forest that seems alive and will kill anyone who goes near. But Liza believes her father can protect their town. He does so by electing himself town leader and laying down strict rules, the most important being that any trace of magic must be destroyed, no matter where it is found. 
Then Liza's sister is born with faerie magic, and Liza's father leaves the baby on a hillside to die. After her mother runs away into the forest, leaving Liza with her abusive father, Liza herself discovers she has the faerie ability to see—into the past, into the future—and she must flee. With a magic shadow following her and an unwanted companion, she will try to journey to the Faerie world.
Author.
"Bones of Faerie" was written by Janni Lee Simner, and it is her first young adult novel. It was on the Spring 2009 Children's Indie Next List, and was a 2010 Best Books For Young Adults nominee, and a Popular Paperbacks for Young Adults nominee. She has written one other teen book ("Thief Eyes"), several children's books ("The Secret of the Three Treasures","The Ghost Horse", "The Haunted Trail", and "Ghost Vision"), and more than 30 short stories for children, young adults, and adults.
Sequels.
"Bones of Faerie" is the first book in a trilogy. The second book, "Faerie Winter", was published April 5, 2011. The third book is officially titled "Faerie After", and is set to be released in spring 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31048483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048483" title="Ambulyx tattina">
Ambulyx tattina

Ambulyx tattina is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand, Malaysia, Borneo, Sumatra, Java and the Philippines.
It can be distinguished from other "Ambulyx" species by the absence of subbasal dark patches on the forewing, and the division of the distal third sharply into pale anterior and dark posterior halves.

</doc>
<doc id="31048491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048491" title="Plemons, Texas">
Plemons, Texas

Plemons is a ghost town in Hutchinson County, in the U.S. state of Texas. It is located 10 miles southeast of Stinnett, and northwest of Borger, on Plemons Road, just north of the juncture of County Road R.
Establishment.
In 1898, Oklahoma rancher James Andrew Whittenburg filed on four sections of land in Hutchinson County. There he built a dugout shelter near the Canadian River. He used the acreage as the family homestead. In 1901, Whittenburg donated acreage from the homestead land, for the establishment of Plemons. When Barney Plemons filed for land there, the town was named for him. Plemons became the county seat in 1901 when Hutchinson County was organized. E. E. Akers built the courthouse.
Economy.
Mattie Sams was appointed the first postmaster when Plemons received its post office on May 29, 1901. The post office was in operation until 1952.
The first decade of its existence, Plemons had fifteen families. Billy Dixon moved to Plemons from Adobe Walls and operated a boarding house. Dixon became the first county sheriff. The Plemons economy realized modest benefit from nearby Turkey Track ranch and Tar Box ranch.
New county seat.
The Amarillo branch of the Rock Island and Gulf Railway bypassed Plemons, routing to the north. Stinnett was then developed to be a shipping point for the railroad. In 1926, the county seat of government was moved to Stinnett. Plemons began to decline after that, despite a brief spurt during the oil boom. Today Plemons is considered a ghost town.
Plemons Cemetery.
Recorded Texas Historic Landmark Marker number 12096 was designated for the Plemons Cemetery. The first burial is believed to have been Mrs. E. E. Akers, date unknown. The last burial was Charles Ray Sessions in 1953. The local Boy Scouts troop spearheaded preservations efforts of the cemetery.
See also.
Adobe Walls, Texas
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Plemons has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="31048506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048506" title="Ambulyx clavata">
Ambulyx clavata

Ambulyx clavata is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sundaland.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Lagerstroemia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31048518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048518" title="Ninkasi Brewing Company">
Ninkasi Brewing Company

Ninkasi Brewing Company is a microbrewery based in Eugene, Oregon, United States. Named after the Sumerian goddess of beer, Ninkasi was founded in 2006 by Jamie Floyd and Nikos Ridge. The first beer they produced was Total Domination IPA. Other beer varieties include Tricerahops Double IPA, Believer Double Red, and Oatis Oatmeal Stout. In 2010, Ninkasi produced over 32,000 barrels of beer. Production reached 56,000 barrels in 2011. The company's headquarters are in Eugene's Whiteaker neighborhood, which is also home to several other local breweries. 

</doc>
<doc id="31048519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048519" title="MoveMeant">
MoveMeant

MoveMeant is the debut studio album by Swedish-Congolese R&B recording artist Mohombi. It was released on February 28, 2011 on RedOne's joint venture with Universal, 2101 Records. It was preceded by the lead single, "Bumpy Ride" on August 24, 2010. Mohombi has described the sound of the album as pop music with African influences.

</doc>
<doc id="31048528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048528" title="Minuscule 842 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 842 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 842 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε424 (von Soden), is a 15th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript is lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Matthew (1:1-20:22; 21:41-60) on 88 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 43 lines per page.
It contains a commentary.
The manuscript is ornamented.
Text.
Kurt Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 14th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (842e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Biblioteca Estense (G. 128, a.W.9.26 (III D 9)), in Modena.

</doc>
<doc id="31048529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048529" title="Ambulyx cyclasticta">
Ambulyx cyclasticta

Ambulyx cyclasticta is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand and Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="31048541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048541" title="Ambulyx flava">
Ambulyx flava

Ambulyx flava is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31048548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048548" title="Diary for My Lovers">
Diary for My Lovers

Diary for My Lovers () is a 1987 Hungarian drama film directed by Márta Mészáros. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="31048549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048549" title="Duran Çetin">
Duran Çetin

Duran Çetin (February 15, 1964) is a Turkish author of stories and novels. He was born in 1964 in the village of Apasaraycık in the Cumra district of Konya Province, Turkey. He is married and has two children.
Bibliography.
Duran Cetin was born in the village of Apasaraycık, which is in the Cumra district, in Konya, Turkey. He was educated at primary school in his village and then at a Vocational Religious High School (İmam Hatip Lisesi) in Cumra in 1981. He graduated from the Faculty of Theology in Selcuk University in 1986. His stories and articles have been published in Edebiyat Otağı, Berceste, Yeni Kardelen, Son Çağrı, Müsvedde, Yedi İklim, Dergah, Hece and local newspapers. Also they were published on internet sites such as edebistan.com, Kırkikindi, hikayeler.net, Hikayeler arşivi, Edebiyat Ufku,iz edebiyat, Sanat Alemi.
His first article "İki Eylül " was published in the local newspaper of Eskisehir in 1990. He prepared and presented radio programmes in many different fields. He is currently preparing and presenting a programme "Our Culture world" on KONTV.
Duran Cetin is a member of board in Turkey Author Association in Konya.

</doc>
<doc id="31048550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048550" title="Ambulyx flavocelebensis">
Ambulyx flavocelebensis

Ambulyx flavocelebensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="31048563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048563" title="Ward Street Bordello District">
Ward Street Bordello District

The Ward Street Bordello District, or "The Line" was a district of over 64 bordellos which were located along Ward Street in Jacksonville, Florida, US.
Also known as 'resorts' at the close of the 19th Century, all of the Bordellos of Ward Street survived the Great Fire of 1901, and played an integral part in the rebuilding and development of Jacksonville, Florida through the first part of the 20th Century.
Notable Brothel owner Cora Crane built her signature establishment, "The Court" along Ward Street, and Temperance Movement leader, Carry A. Nation made a celebrated appearance after which she declared the city a 'Demonocracy'.
Mayor J.E.T. Bowden, who had been the Mayor of Greater Jacksonville during the Great Fire of 1901 successfully came out of retirement and won a landslide re-election on the single issue of protecting the Bordellos and keeping them legal.
The Bordellos remained legitimate businesses in Jacksonville until 1953, and the last of the Grand Houses were demolished in 1981.
Notable Bordellos of Ward Street: The Grande Dames.
The Senate
The New York House
Russian Belle Built and owned by Belle Orloff, the Russian Madame famous for sending Carry A. Nation packing after an attempted raid on the part of the Temperance Crusader.
The Turkish Bath
The Court Built and owned by Cora Crane, it was the grandest of the Grande Dames.

</doc>
<doc id="31048564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048564" title="Pennsylvania-West Virginia League">
Pennsylvania-West Virginia League

The Pennsylvania-West Virginia League was a professional minor league baseball league that consisted of teams from Pennsylvania and West Virginia. It played from 1908 to 1909 and again in 1914.
Teams.
Some teams did not have nicknames. That includes Charleroi, Pennsylvania's and Grafton, West Virginia's 1909 teams and all teams from 1914. Cities represented in 1914 were Charleroi, Clarksburg, West Virginia, Connellsville, Pennsylvania, Fairmont, West Virginia, McKeesport, Pennsylvania and Uniontown, Pennsylvania.
Notable players.
Multiple notable major league players spent time in the league, including Bill Bailey, Roy Ellam, Sam Fletcher, Del Gainer, Ed Hilley, John Hinton, Bert Humphries, Abe Kruger, George McAvoy, Jim Miller, Bobby Rothermel, Dutch Rudolph, Huck Wallace, Buck Washer, Barney Wolfe and Guy Zinn.
League champions.
Clarksburg was the league champion in 1908 and Uniontown was the league champion in 1909. The 1914 league champion is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="31048565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048565" title="Ambulyx inouei">
Ambulyx inouei

Ambulyx inouei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="31048571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048571" title="Nikolayevsky District, Russia">
Nikolayevsky District, Russia

Nikolayevsky District is the name of several administrative and municipal districts in Russia. The districts' name generally derives from or is related to the male first name Nikolay.

</doc>
<doc id="31048574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048574" title="Ambulyx immaculata">
Ambulyx immaculata

Ambulyx immaculata is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31048606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048606" title="Gene Good">
Gene Good

Eugene Joseph Good (1882–1947) was a Major League Baseball outfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31048607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048607" title="Ambulyx johnsoni">
Ambulyx johnsoni

Ambulyx johnsoni is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.
The wingspan is about 50 mm. It is similar to "Ambulyx liturata" but smaller, the upperside and underside of the wings is more yellowish and the underside of the palps, thorax, abdomen and bases of both wings are pinkish. The forewing upperside submarginal line is close to the fringe posteriorly both dorsally and ventrally and the pale band just proximal to the submarginal dark band is less prominent than in "Ambulyx liturata".

</doc>
<doc id="31048609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048609" title="List of Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito presidents">
List of Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito presidents

Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito is a football club based in Quito, Ecuador that competes in the Serie A, the most senior football league in Ecuador. Since its official founding in 1930, the club has had 39 presidents, 10 of whom have been so on more than one occasion. The current president is Carlos Arroyo Álvarez. The Honorary President is Rodrigo Paz, who has served as president on three non-consecutive occasions and has served as the director of the club's football commission. 

</doc>
<doc id="31048621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048621" title="You Can Dance – Po Prostu Tańcz! (season 6)">
You Can Dance – Po Prostu Tańcz! (season 6)

The sixth season of You Can Dance - Po prostu Tańcz began on 2 March 2011 on TVN. The dancers compete to win PLN 100,000 and a 3-month scholarship in dance school Broadway Dance Center, but first they have to go through auditions. Later, 36 contestants do the workshops abroad - this season in Casablanca, Morocco. This seasons on choreography camp special guest choreographer was Tyce Diorio. From fourteen people, two dancers are eliminated in each episode, to the final episode that features the top 2 contestants. For the first time the show is hosted by Patricia Kazadi. The judges are Agustin Egurolla, Michał Piróg and Kinga Rusin who joined the panel after hosting the five previous seasons.
Auditions.
Open auditions for this season were held in the following locations:
The song during Sneak Peeks at the end of the episode is Just Lose It - Eminem
Top 36 dancers.
During the auditions judges picked 36 dancers. These dancers were taking part in choreography camp in Morocco.
These dancers were shown only in youcandance.tvn.pl website extras.
These dancers earned the tickets after choreography round.
Returning Dancers.
This season there were some returning dancers, who were trying their chances last seasons.
Choreography Camp (Casablanca) week.
"Judges:" Agustin Egurolla, Kinga Rusin, Michał Piróg
Eliminations during Choreography Camp.
Red Cards: Marcos De Lima, Aleksander Tyburek,
Cuts after Hip-Hop: Maciej Kuchta, 
Cuts after Jazz: Paweł Kofman, Tomasz Piotrowski, Natalia Serhej, Sonja Mirpuri, Edyta Wajer 
Cuts after Salsa: Patryk Rybarski, Szymon Pasterski, 
Cuts after Final Choreography round: Kamil Piotrowski, Grzegorz Cherubiński, Dominika Cybulska, Michalina Twarowska, Kinga Biegańska
Cuts after dancing for live: Piotr Nowicki, Martyna Kapral, Joanna Kozłowska, Sonja Felbur
Elimination chart.
Note: Because of back injury Michał Maciejewski had to leave the competition. He was replaced by the male dancer, who was eliminated last week - Sebastian Piotrowicz. According to So You Think You Can Dance rules he will be allowed to come back next season, but not straight to the top 14, but only to audition.
Performance nights.
Week 1: Top 14 Showcase (13 April 2011).
This episode there were no eliminations, but Judges have picked the best and the worst performance of the week. The public voted and picked the best performance of the week
Special Episode.
Taniec kontra Dance (Dance vs. Dance!) (11 June 2011).
This episode was live from Białystok. There were two teams - professional dancers from Dancing With The Stars (Taniec z Gwiazdam) and dancers. DWTS team leader was Rafał Maserak (DWTS dancer) and YCD team Patricia Kazadi (YCD presenter). Piotr Gąsowski (DWTS presenter) was the presenter this show.

</doc>
<doc id="31048631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048631" title="Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 3">
Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 3

"Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 3 " is the fourth Remix album by Japanese pop star, Kumi Koda. The album is remixed entirely by electronic duo House Nation. The CD contains remixes of songs from previous albums (for example So into You, With Your Smile, Freaky) and songs from her last album Dejavu (Anata dake ga, Pop Diva, Lollipop). It was set to release on March 23, 2011, but because of disasters in Japan, the date was postponed to May 4.
Track listing.
Official tracklist

</doc>
<doc id="31048649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048649" title="Jim Moroney">
Jim Moroney

James Francis Moroney (1883–1929) was a professional baseball player.

</doc>
<doc id="31048650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048650" title="Good to Me">
Good to Me

"Good To Me" is the viral single from LeToya Luckett's second solo album, "Lady Love". Due to Capitol Records' widely known mismanagement and blatant refusal to continue supporting the "Lady Love" album, LeToya chose to release "Good To Me" because it was a fan favorite and a personal favorite from the album.
Music video.
The song's accompanying video was shot in New York City and released via Singersroom.com on February 10, 2010. Popular model/actor Keston Karter appears as LeToya's love interest, and it was directed and produced by LeToya's friend and makeup artist AJ Crimson, marking his directorial debut.

</doc>
<doc id="31048667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048667" title="Stanislav Volzhentsev">
Stanislav Volzhentsev

Stanislav Valentinovich Volzhentsev (; born 29 Oktober 1985 in Ukhta, Republic of Komi) is a Russian cross-country skier. 
He competed at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo, and placed fourth in 15 kilometre classical.

</doc>
<doc id="31048678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048678" title="Friedrich Weber">
Friedrich Weber

Friedrich Weber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31048690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048690" title="Kenneth A. Schwartz">
Kenneth A. Schwartz

Kenneth A. Schwartz, FAIA is an architect, community designer, planner, and educator based in New Orleans, LA. He is a Favrot Professor and Dean of the Tulane School of Architecture.
Schwartz received a Bachelor of Architecture (1979) and Master of Architecture and Urban Design (1983) from Cornell University. He arrived at the University of Virginia School of Architecture in 1984 after teaching for several years at Cornell and Syracuse University. He also served as a visiting assistant professor at Princeton University from 1986 to 1987.
During his twenty-four years at the University of Virginia School of Architecture, Schwartz served as professor, department chair, and associate dean. From 2005-2008, he served as a leader of the university's Faculty Senate, including a year as chair and committee member on the Board of Visitors, the university's governing body. In 2003, he was awarded UVa's Alumni Association Distinguished Professor Award, the school's highest university-wide teaching honor. He was elected to the fellowship of the American Institute of Architects in 2001. 
Schwartz's professional work has focused on the constructive force that progressive urbanism and architecture can play in rebuilding cities. His work with Schwartz-Kinnard, Architects, a company he formed with his wife Judith Kinnard, won four national design competitions focusing on these issues. He founded the community design office of Renaissance Planning Group, a cross-disciplinary firm based in Orlando, Florida and won a Charter Award from the Congress for the New Urbanism for one of his master plans with this firm. In 2005, he formed his independent firm, Community Planning + Design, as an outgrowth of this work, focusing on Virginia projects.
In 2008 he was appointed as dean of the Tulane School of Architecture. In 2009 he was identified as one of the twenty-five leading architectural educators in the United States by DesignIntelligence Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31048695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048695" title="Ooyala">
Ooyala

Ooyala (pronounced "oo-YAH-la") is a venture-backed, privately held company that provides online video technology products and services. The company was founded in 2007 by brothers Bismarck Lepe and Belsasar Lepe, and their colleague and friend from Google, Sean Knapp. The word "ooyala" means 'cradle' or 'swing' in Kannada or Telugu (ఊయల).
As of early 2010, Ooyala was providing video technology and services to deliver online video for over 500 companies, including News International, Yahoo! Japan, and GigaOM. The company has over 400 employees across its offices in Mountain View, California, New York, Los Angeles, London, Sydney, Guadalajara and Tokyo.
History.
In January 2007, Bismarck Lepe was working for Google. While developing new monetization techniques for YouTube, he came up with the idea of using computer vision techniques to deliver targeted advertising on TV shows recorded on Tivo. He contacted his brother Belasar and a friend, Sean Knapp, to discuss his idea.
The company was initially focused on applying computer vision techniques to create clickable video. As the company grew, it expanded its scope to develop technologies that improve the quality and speed at which online video is delivered, and allow Web publishers to measure, monetize and optimize their video content.
In its first round of funding, Ooyala raised money from a number of angel investors and businesspeople, including Scott Flanders, CEO of Playboy Enterprises; Tim Koogle, Former CEO of Yahoo!; and Oliver Grace, Kip Hagopian, Fred Warren, and Ron Conway. Eight months later, Ooyala raised an additional $8.5 million from Sierra Ventures. Two more successful rounds of fund-raising followed, through 2011. Through September 2010, Ooyala had raised $42 million from Sage Venture Partners, Sierra Ventures, Rembrandt Ventures, CID Group (a Shanghai-based private equity fund), Hitochu and Panasonic.
The company has grown from a single-office startup to one with eight offices, 380 employees and customers in over 20 different countries. More than half of Ooyala's business now comes from international markets.
Jay Fulcher, formerly of Agile, Peoplesoft, and SAP, joined Ooyala as the company’s CEO in August 2009.
Products.
Ooyala's main offering is a platform that enables Web sites to publish, manage, monetize, and analyze online video content. It is built to be modular and provides real-time analysis capability to its customers.
In 2010, the company deployed one of the first large-scale Cassandra clusters for its analytics and video transcoding services.
Partners.
The service is used by the Times of India, Disney, News Corp, Bloomberg Television, and the Telegraph Media Group.
In February 2011, Ooyala announced a multi-year partnership with Yahoo!_Japan.
In June, 2012, Telstra led a $35 million (USD) round of financing in Ooyala, and announced plans to use Ooyala’s software and services to deliver its television content online and, further, to resell it to other media companies and corporations.
Ooyala works with a number of partners, including Adobe, Microsoft, NTT, YuMe, Tremor Media, Akamai, Level3, PayWizard and Google.

</doc>
<doc id="31048696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048696" title="Fate of the World">
Fate of the World

Fate of the World is a 2011 global warming game developed and published by Red Redemption. It features several scenarios, based on actual scientific research, in which the player is put in charge of a fictional international organization managing social, technological and environmental policies. The goals of the scenarios range from improving living conditions in Africa, to preventing catastrophic climate change, to exacerbating it.
Gameplay.
"Fate of the World" is a turn-based game, with each turn representing five years. The starting date is typically 2020, while the final date depends on the scenario. In the core interface the player chooses policies to fund in each game turn, represented by "cards". These need to be distributed and balanced between twelve world regions, and many, such as a transition to electric cars, take several turns to implement locking up funds for the duration. The player also needs to manage public opinion with the risk of being banned from individual regions if public approval drops too low. Each scenario specifies a set of win and lose conditions, such as the amount of warming in degrees Celsius, human development index, production, industrial or otherwise, and how many regions the player is active in.
Downloadable content.
There are two downloadable content packs plus an extra pack which includes the soundtrack and designer notes of the game.
Migration DLC.
In this content pack, in addition to the climate issues the player will also need to manage the climate refugees due to climate change.
Denial DLC.
This scenario takes the issue of climate change out of the game and instead focuses on growth with limited and diminishing resources.
Reception.
"Fate of the World" received mixed or average reviews. The game gained an aggregate score of 70 on Metacritic. Critics of the more positive reviews thought the game was a brave attempt in depicting the complexity of environmental crises and the "many dreadful things we're doing to our home". Negative aspects of the game included unclear game mechanics, a brutal difficulty curve and a lack of feedback.

</doc>
<doc id="31048707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048707" title="List of U.S. states and territories by fertility rate">
List of U.S. states and territories by fertility rate

This is a list of U.S. states and territories by total fertility rate in 2010.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31048727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048727" title="Dahlet Qorrot">
Dahlet Qorrot

Daħlet Qorrot Bay is a small bay found in the north of Gozo, in Nadur, Malta. The beach is rocky in Summer but in winter it's always covered with algae.

</doc>
<doc id="31048729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048729" title="Singin' to My Baby">
Singin' to My Baby

"Singin' To My Baby" is the first album by Eddie Cochran, released on Liberty Records in mono in November of 1957. The catalogue number was LRP 3061. It was the only album by Eddie Cochran released during his lifetime which was cut short on April 17, 1960.
Content.
The album contained the hit single "Sittin' in the Balcony" which rose to number 18 on the Billboard chart in 1957.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two
1981 reissue.
The album was re-issued by Liberty in 1981 as a ten track album omitting "I'm Alone Because I Love You" and "Have I Told You Lately That I Love You". The catalogue number was LN-10137.

</doc>
<doc id="31048731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048731" title="Bernard Émié">
Bernard Émié

Bernard Emié (born 6 September 1958) is a career diplomat. Following his appointment to be French Ambassador to the United Kingdom on 19 January, he took up this post on 2 April 2011.
Career.
Emié graduated with a Diploma in 1979 from the Sciences Po, before going up to the École nationale d'administration (ÉNA). He entered the French Foreign Ministry where he was appointed Secretary in 1983.
He served as Second Secretary in New Delhi, India (1984–86), before being seconded by Jean-Bernard Raimond to the Foreign Ministry.
Emié was promoted as Counsellor at the French Embassy in Washington, D.C., United States, before returning to duties at the French Foreign Ministry as Deputy Director for North Africa and the Middle East.
Emié served as Private Secretary (1993–95) to Alain Juppé, and as Minister-Counsellor to President Jacques Chirac.
In 1998, he was appointed Ambassador to the Jordan and, in 2002, was given the responsibility of being France's Director of North Africa and the Middle Eastern Affairs. In 2004, he was appointed as French Ambassador to Lebanon.
Emié served as Ambassador to Turkey from 2007 until his appointment in 2011 as the French Government's Ambassador to London.
In 2012, he was introduced as a Chevalier du Tastevin at the Guildhall, City of London.
Personal life.
Bernard Emié (Belgian by descent) married Isabelle, only daughter of (Count) François de Chabannes La Palice de Tournon on 30 September 1989, with whom he has two daughters (Constance & Pauline) and one son (Louis).

</doc>
<doc id="31048745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048745" title="Cantabrian stelae">
Cantabrian stelae

The Cantabrian stelae are monolithic stone disks of different sizes, whose early precedents were carved in the last centuries before the romanization of Cantabria in northern Iberian Peninsula. Cantabrian stelae include swastikas, triskeles, crosses, spirals, helixes, warriors or pre-Roman funerary representations among their usual ornamentation. The most famous is called "Estela de Barros" (Barros Stele) which can be visited in the "Parque de las Estelas" (Stelae Park) in the town of Barros, in Los Corrales de Buelna. This stele is part of the current coat of arms of Cantabria and the meaning of tetraskele would be related to solar worship. The Barros stele giant size represents the main difference to the smaller stelae found in other parts of northern Spain. In addition to the "Estela de Barros", we can see another larger, fragmented stele in the "Parque de las Estelas".
Other found stelae are exhibited in the Regional Museum of Prehistory and Archaeology of Cantabria in Santander. There are two stelae found in Lombera, another found in Zurita, showing the iconographic decoration of a vulture pouncing on a fallen warrior, and another from near the Cantabrian castrum of Espina del Gallego. In turn, fragments of other Cantabrian stelae have been found, like the third of Lombera and the Stele of San Vicente de Toranzo, where on one side is depicted a cantabrian warrior on horseback, along with other smaller.
The Cantabrian stelae are the most important testimony of the Cantabri pre-Roman people and one of the most representative symbols of Cantabria today, being still used in Cantabria during the Middle Ages and even during the Baroque, like the old ones, but losing partly the discoid shape and replacing the solar motives with crosses. The medieval and modern discoid stelae were also typical of other regions of northern Spain. Numerous examples were found in the Basque Country, and several in Navarra, as well as in Cantabria.
Current impact.
A modern interpretation of these stelae and the Roman flag, "Cantabrum", gives rise to the current Cantabrian lábaru, an unofficial flag but widely used among Cantabrian people. In the same way, stonemasons and artists from many parts of Cantabria reproduce ancient stelae or create new ones like those, carved in stone or wood, sometimes used as ornaments for new constructions. Similarly stelae reproductions, in wood or metal, are commonly found in pendants and small figures, all of which give an idea of the importance as a Cantabrian symbol.
Cantabrian stelae of Roman and pre-Roman times.
Although the ancient Cantabri people produced many stelae, the best known are the giant stelae, of which five are known, four of them having been discovered in the valley of Buelna. They are usually dated from the 1st century B.C. to 1st century A.D., although there are differences between them, and some could even be 5th or 6th century B.C.

</doc>
<doc id="31048753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048753" title="Bannered routes of U.S. Route 74">
Bannered routes of U.S. Route 74

Several bannered routes of U.S. Route 74 exist. In order from west to east they are as follows.
Existing.
Asheville–Forest City alternate route.
Established in 1994, replaced the old mainline US 74 route when US 74 was moved onto the Solon David Smart Memorial Highway and Interstate 26. The alignment of US 74A varies greatly from the current parent route. US 74A traverses through downtown Asheville, goes through the mountain resort communities of Chimney Rock and Lake Lure, continues to Ruth, passes between the towns of Rutherfordton and Spindale, and bypasses Forest City to the south. US 74, however, joins I-40 eastbound west of Asheville, and switches onto Interstate 26 eastbound through Fletcher, bypassing most of urban Asheville. Continuing along a southeasterly course, the parent US 74 passes by Hendersonville and splits from I-26 at Columbus; after passing south of Rutherfordton, US 74 meets the eastern terminus of US 74A.
US 74A is concurrent with US 64 from Ruth in the east through Lake Lure, where NC 9 joins, and Chimney Rock, and separates to the south in Bat Cave. NC 9 also splits in Bat Cave, but to the north; US 74A alone continues west from that point. In Asheville, NC 74A has many concurrencies; US 70 is concurrent with US 74A in east and downtown Asheville and Interstate 26, I-240, US 19 and US 23 are concurrent with US 74A west of downtown. Near US 74A's western terminus, US 19 and US 23 are concurrent with US 74A. NC 81 shares pavement with US 74A for a short segment in southeast Asheville. Between Asheville and Gerton, NC 74A bears the street name Charlotte Highway. East of Gerton, the road is named the Gerton Highway until arriving at Bat Cave. Through towns and cities, the road takes various names including Main Street and Railroad Avenue. 
US 74A is overlapped by two North Carolina scenic byways: Drovers Road (Asheville to Bat Cave) and Black Mountain Rag (Bat Cave to Lake Lure).
Rutherfordton–Forest City business loop.
Established in 1960 as a renumbering of US 74A, it traversed along Washington Street and Charlotte Road in Rutherfordton. In December, 1970, US 74 was extended east through Spindale, Forest City, and Ellenboro when US 74 was placed on new freeway bypass. In 1994, US 74 was moved south onto a new alignment towards Columbus, converting the old mainline into US 74A; as a result, US 74 Business was rerouted in Rutherfordton to go south in concurrency with US 221 to the US 74 freeway.
Shelby business loop.
Established in 1960 as a renumbering of US 74A, following Marion Street and Warren Street. In December, 1971, the eastern portion of Warren Street was changed, forcing eastbound US 74 Business to be rerouted north on DeKalb Street then onto Marion Street. At an unknown date, eastbound US 74 Business was completely removed from Warren Street to its current alignment along Marion Street.
Kings Mountain business loop.
Established in 1984, it was a renumbering of the old mainline US 74 through Kings Mountain. North Carolina Highway 74 Business begins at US 74 west of Kings Mountain. The route is routed along Shelby Road into the town. US 74 Bus runs through the downtown of area Kings Mountain before reaching US 74 again on the eastern side of Kings Mountain. 
Rockingham–Hamlet business loop.
Established in November, 2000, it was renumbering of the old mainline US 74 through Rockingham and Hamlet.
Laurinburg–Maxton business loop.
Established in 1967 as a renumbering of mainline US 74 through Laurinburg. In 1985, it was extended east replacing mainline US 74 through Maxton.
Maxton–Lumberton alternate route.
Established on September 19th, 2008 when mainline US 74 and I-74 were realigned to a new freeway south of the old route, between Maxton to near Lumberton. The route, just south of the banks of the Lumber River, goes through mostly farmland. In between, NC 710 connect travelers to Pembroke, where the University of North Carolina at Pembroke is located. Highway signs along the route are bannered "Alternate" or "ALT" above US 74; as oppose to US 74A, which is used in Western North Carolina.
Chadbourn–Whiteville business loop.
Established in 1975 to replace the old mainline US 74 through Chadbourn and Whiteville. The route is mostly in concurrency with US 76 Business.
Former.
Rutherfordton alternate route.
Established in 1948 or 1949, it followed the original US 74 route through Rutherfordton, as the mainline US 74 was placed on a new bypass route through Ruth. Traversing along Washington Street and Charlotte Road, it was renumbered US 74 Business in 1960.
Shelby alternate route.
Established in 1936 as a new primary routing using Marion Street through Shelby; paralleling mainline US 74, which was on Warren Street. Around 1949, US 74 was moved onto new bypass south of Shelby; US 74A was thus extended on both directions. As part of this development, US 74A was split west on Marion Street and east on Warren Street. In 1960 it was renumbered to US 74 Business.
Bessemer City alternate route.
Established in 1937, this alternate route, along with US 29A, followed the old routing from Kings Mountain to Gastonia, via Bessemer City. A year later, it was renumbered as NC 161 and NC 274.
Monroe alternate route 1.
Established between 1945-49, it was set up as an inner bypass of downtown Monroe, via Jefferson Street. It was decommissioned in 1952 when US 74 moved out of the downtown area, converting the old route, along Charlotte Avenue and Franklin Street, into the second alternate route.
Monroe alternate route 2.
Established in 1952, it replaced the old mainline US 74 through downtown Monroe, via Franklin Street and Charlotte Avenue. In 1953, it was rerouted along Skyway Drive when US 74 was completely realigned onto new bypass routing between Matthews and Monroe. In 1954, it was decommissioned.
Rockingham alternate route.
Established between 1951-53, after US 74 was rerouted south of downtown Rockingham. The alternate route followed the old alignment along Washington Street and Rockingham Road. In 1957 it was decommissioned.
Leland alternate route.
Established in 1936, it replaced mainline US 74 through an intersection in Leland, while the mainline was moved just off to the right on Village Road. At , it was the shortest alternate route. It was unsigned throughout its existence, but was marked on state and county maps up until 1975, when NCDOT downgraded it to secondary road status.
Wrightsville Beach alternate route.
Established by 1938 as new primary routing, it went from Causeway Drive south along Waynick Boulevard, ending on the south-end of Wrightsville Beach; making it a spur route of US 74. By 1940, it was replaced by an extension of US 76.

</doc>
<doc id="31048769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048769" title="Orlovsky (inhabited locality)">
Orlovsky (inhabited locality)

Orlovsky (; masculine), Orlovskaya (; feminine), or Orlovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31048777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048777" title="Decodon">
Decodon

Decodon verticillatus, the sole species in the genus Decodon, is a flowering plant in the Lythraceae family. It is commonly known as waterwillow or swamp loosestrife. It is endemic to wetlands in the eastern half of the United States.
Description.
Waterwillow is a clump-forming shrubby perennial that grows in swamps or shallow water. The stems are arching, angular, smooth and woody near the base, and up to eight feet tall. They sometimes root at the tip when they bough over and touch the mud. The leaves are lanceolate, either in opposite pairs or in whorls of three or four. They are up to five inches long and one inch wide, smooth above and hairy beneath, on very short stalks. The rose-pink flowers grow in axillary clusters. The calyx is cup shaped, the corolla under an inch wide with usually five petals narrowing at the base. The ten stamens are projecting with five longer than the rest. There is one pistil, one style and a superior ovary. The fruit is a spherical dark brown capsule with numerous reddish seeds. Flowering takes place in June and July.
Habitat.
Waterwillow is found in swampland, in ditches, besides streams and in shallow water at the edges of ponds and lakes. It often forms thickets and occurs in the United States from Maine to Florida and west to Minnesota, Tennessee and Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="31048780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048780" title="Air Safaris">
Air Safaris

Air Safaris was a British scheduled and charter airline from 1959 to 1962.
History.
Air Safaris Limited was formed on 26 November 1959 equipped with four-engined Handley Page Hermes and twin-engined Vickers Viking airliners to operate scheduled and charter flights based at London Gatwick Airport. Originally started as Meredith Air Transport in 1952 as a Dakota operator it changed name in November 1954 to African Air Safaris Limited and in 1956 bought a Handley Page Hermes from the British Overseas Airways Corporation. It acquired two Vikings in 1959 and with a move to Gatwick Airport became Air Safaris.
In 1960 the company acquired the transport division of Don Everall Aviation with its scheduled flights from Birmingham Airport and one Viking aircraft. The airline opened an operating and maintenance base at Hurn Airport in 1961. The company operated charters from most British airports but by 1961 had ceased operating.
When the company ceased operations on 2 November 1961 it had five Hermes and eight Vikings, the 200 staff were given formal notice that the company would close due to "money difficulties". An official from the company announced that they were trying to save the company but the following week a receiver was appointed.
At a meeting of creditors on 29 January 1962 the company had a total deficiency of £521,073, the failure of the company was attributed by the directors to insufficient capital and too rapid expansion, loss of income from aircraft under repair, high wage costs and large hire-purchase payments were also cited. As the company's assets would just about cover the debts the company was handed over to the official receiver to liquidate.

</doc>
<doc id="31048795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048795" title="Gregory L. Geoffroy">
Gregory L. Geoffroy

Gregory L. Geoffroy was the 14th president of Iowa State University, from 2001 to 2012. He stepped down from the presidency in 2012 and remains on the Iowa State faculty.
Geoffroy received his BA from the University of Louisville in 1968. He received his PhD in chemistry from California Institute of Technology in 1974. Between receiving his two degrees Geoffroy served from 1969–1970 in the United States Navy.
He became an Assistant professor of chemistry at Pennsylvania State University in 1974 retaining that position until 1978, when he advanced to the rank of Associate Professor which he held until 1982 when he became a full professor. In 1988 Geoffroy became the head of the Pennsylvania State Chemistry Department. He only was in this position a year because in 1989 he became dean of the Eberley College of Science at Pennsylvania State. He retained this position until 1997 when he left Pennsylvania State to serve as Senior vice president for academic affairs and provost at the University of Maryland, College Park. Geoffroy remained in this last position until he assumed the presidency of Iowa State.
Geoffroy is married to Kathleen Carothers Geoffroy and has four children.

</doc>
<doc id="31048796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048796" title="Keishin Yoshida">
Keishin Yoshida

He competed at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo, and placed 12th in 15 kilometre classical.
At the 2011 Asian Winter Games he won gold medals in the 10 kilometre classical event and in the 15 kilometre freestyle event.

</doc>
<doc id="31048801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048801" title="Sutton Life Centre">
Sutton Life Centre

Sutton Life Centre is a community centre in Sutton, South London. It is an £8 million facility designed to make youths more streetwise. Its key feature – the lifezone – is a virtual street, a room with screens on all walls showing real-life scenes from Sutton's streets. It also has a library, a cafe, a climbing wall, and community, eco, sports, youth and media zones. It tries to encourage community engagement and involvement. Life Skills Tours use award winning movie set technology to help pupils make the right choices on current national issues facing young people ranging from knife crime to internet safety.
The Life Centre has attracted considerable controversy with critics describing it as a waste of public money. Criticism was picked up in the regional London press and on ITV news. 
It was opened on 27 October 2010 by Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg. 

</doc>
<doc id="31048818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048818" title="Dragi Jelić">
Dragi Jelić

Dragi Jelić (born 1947 in Kraljevo, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian rock musician. He is best known as a singer and guitarist for the band YU grupa, which he formed in 1970 with his brother Žika Jelić. During the 1960s, alongside his brother Žika, he was a member of the beat band Džentlmeni.

</doc>
<doc id="31048835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048835" title="Guillaume III">
Guillaume III

Guillaume III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31048838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048838" title="Phoenix Railway Photographic Circle">
Phoenix Railway Photographic Circle

Phoenix Railway Photographic Circle is a group of some of the UK's foremost railway photographers, founded in 1970 by Wyn Hobson, after interest in railway photography had largely foundered following the end of steam traction. Its aims were to reignite interest in contemporary railway photography and to further the boundaries of progressive and artistic approaches to the subject.
The new approach.
Many railway photographers of the 1960s, most notably Colin Gifford and also Ian Krause, Malcolm Dunnett and many others had adopted what came to known as the 'new approach', an attempt to portray railways as a part of the environment and to inject a much needed sense of realism into their work rather than the standard sun over the shoulder three-quarter views prevalent at the time.
By 1970, as well as interest dramatically declining, the photographs that were used in the existing railway-photographic circulating portfolios of the time had begun to rely more and more on stock portraits of dubious quality, whose only virtue was that the subject-matter was steam-power; and any idea that photographers should turn their attention to the newer forms of rail traction tended to be viewed with little enthusiasm where it was not greeted with outright hostility.
History.
In the autumn of 1970, Wyn Hobson decided to found a circle where photographs of the modern traction done with creativity could be discussed and to further the use and acceptance of a more artistic approach to the subject. Accordingly, he wrote to sixty photographers whose work with modern traction had been appearing in the railway media over the last five or six years to see if they were amenable to the idea.
The PRPC commenced operations in the spring of 1971 and towards the end of 1972 a sufficiently large nucleus of interested members existed for the creation of a small Colour Transparency Portfolio running in parallel with the main black-and-white folios. Since then, the circle has published several books and its work has appeared in a number of publications and many public exhibitions including a 2005 display at the National Railway Museum in York. The circle currently consists of 35 members, many of whom are among the UK's most well known railway photographers and is extremely active today, photographing the current railway scene in the UK and abroad. Members circulate portfolos of prints, slides and digital images amongst the membership and comment on each other's work in an attempt to improve each other's photographs.
Publications.
Many members of the PRPC have published books of their work and submitted articles on railway photography and other railway topics to the railway press. 
Web.
The work of the circle, complete with monthly galleries of the latest work can be seen at the circle's website. 

</doc>
<doc id="31048876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048876" title="Rudolph Foods">
Rudolph Foods

Rudolph Foods is a Lima, Ohio-based producer of snack food, in particular pork rinds and cracklins. The company has six facilities in the United States and three international ventures; it was founded in 1955, by John Rudolph. 
Brands and Products.
In addition to Rudolph Food's primary business of traditional pork rinds and cracklins, Rudolph Foods also manufactures non-pork rind snacks including Rudolph’s-brand Cinnamon Churros, Original OnYums and Chile Limon Chicharinas. Its family of brands include Rudolph’s, Southern Recipe, Pepe’s El Original, Gaslamp Popcorn and Lee’s Pig Skins.
Southern Recipe.
Southern Recipe manufactures Southern-inspired snacks including pork rinds and cracklins. Southern Recipe makes pork rinds in various flavors including; Original, Hot & Spicy, Salt & Vinegar, Bar-B-Q and Sweet BBQ. Cracklin varieties include Traditional, Washpot, Strips, Curly, Dipper Cracklins and Red Pepper Dipper Cracklins. 
Southern Recipe pork rinds, as part of the salty snack category, have seen a significant increase in sales and popularity as a result of listening to consumer feedback and offering new products that deliver desired flavor profiles. Pork rinds are considered to be a low carb diet snack – with zero carbohydrates and contain more protein than peanuts.
Pepe's El Original.
Pepe's El Original is an authentic Mexican food and snacks brand in the U.S., is produced by Foods Company, Inc. Pepe’s El Original is Rudolph Foods’ oldest brand and first began production in San Antonio, Texas. The Hispanic brand maintains its heritage and dedication to authentic Pepe’s snacks with a line of chicharrones, cracklins, gigante cracklins, tender curls and dippers. Additionally, the Hispanic snack line offers other, non-pork rind Hispanic-inspired snacks including sweet, cinnamon and sugar Churros and chile limon Duros. Pepe’s El Original pork rinds have seen an increase in sales and popularity as a result of consumer feedback and new products. The brand’s chicharrones product line address the industry’s growing Hispanic food trend, and address consumer interest in “healthy munchies” and low carb diet snacks – pork rinds contain zero carbohydrates and contain more protein than peanuts.
Lee's Pig Skins.
Lee's Pig Skins offers pork rinds and cracklins prepared and packaged in the Deep South and is produced by Rudolph Foods Company, Inc. Lee’s Pig Skins is based in New Hebron, Mississippi, and was founded in 1978 and incorporated in 1988. The brand’s tagline is “The Tastiest Pork Rind & Cracklin Snacks Between Texas and Tennessee.” In addition to its Lee’s Pig Skins, Dabo’s and Papa Tubs pork rinds, the snacks manufacturer also produces pork strips, curls, cracklins, dippers and washpot cracklins. Available flavors are Original, Seasoned, Hot, Hot Sweet and Salt & Vinegar. Hot & Spicy pork rinds address the industry’s growing Hispanic food trend, and overall address consumer interest in “healthy munchies” and low carb diet snacks – pork rinds contain zero carbohydrates and contain more protein than peanuts.
Gaslamp Popcorn.
Started making kettle corn in the historic Gaslamp district of San Diego in 1998. 
Community.
All of Rudolph Foods brands are involved in event sponsorship, community initiatives and contest hosting in the USA. In 2010, the snack brand sponsored events including the Pork Rind Heritage Festival, where product samples and merchandise were handed out.
Southern Recipe maintains a strong online community of consumers, known as “the man cave”. This term stems from the brand’s typical consumer demographic – the traditional, Southern working man – after which their website is named. Southern Recipe is also involved in events, sponsorships and contests. In 2010, Southern Recipe hosted social media contest, Win The Ultimate Man Cave, as well as sponsored a local Ohio team’s participation in the World Championship Punkin Chunkin competition. 
Pepe's El Original is highly involved in event sponsorship, such as Fiestas Patrias in Los Angeles, as well as hosting contests across the nation. In 2010, the Hispanic pork rind brand hosted its second contest – Mi Amor, Mi Chicharrones­ in celebration of National Hispanic Heritage Month.
In 2010, Lee's Pig Skins sponsored several events in the South – like the Smokin’ Pig Festival in Lake City, FL and the Cracklin Festival in Porte Barre, LA.
National Pork Rind Appreciation Day.
In January 2011, Rudolph Foods announced a campaign for a "National Pork Rind Appreciation Day" to be on the same day as the 2012 Super Bowl, and said they would make charitable donations in return for online votes in support of the campaign. All four brands are participating in National Pork Rind Day throughout the 2011-2012 year.

</doc>
<doc id="31048880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048880" title="Funorte Esporte Clube">
Funorte Esporte Clube

Funorte Esporte Clube, commonly known as Funorte, is a Brazilian football club based in Montes Claros, Minas Gerais state.
History.
The club was founded on March 3, 2007. Funorte won the Campeonato Mineiro Third Level in 2008.
Season records.
Note: 
1) After several appeals, when it came to the last sporting tribunal (STJD), Mamoré lost 6 points for fielding an irregular player. Therefore, Funorte were declared runners-up and were promoted
References: rsssfbrasil
Stadium.
Funorte Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio José Maria de Melo. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31048886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048886" title="Guillaume IV">
Guillaume IV

Guillaume IV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31048901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048901" title="Adelbert Althouse">
Adelbert Althouse

Adelbert Althouse (1869 – May 17, 1954) was a United States Navy Captain who served as the 27th and 29th Naval Governor of Guam. Prior to his Governorship, he served on ships in the Navy and participated in both the Spanish–American War and World War I. He earned the Navy Cross for his actions commanding the USS "Brooklyn" and serving as Chief of Staff for the Commander and Chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet during the World War. As Governor, he focused on reforming the island's education system. He modeled a new system after that of co-educational California, but also outlawed the speaking of the Chamorro language at schools in an effort to improve the English language skills of the local children. Most of his education reform took place in his first term.
Life and legacy.
Althouse was born in 1869 in Illinois. He died on May 17, 1954. In 1930, the Navy named a Guamanian school, the Adelbert Althouse School, after him.
Naval career.
Althouse entered the United States Naval Academy on May 21, 1887, graduating in 1891. He was commissioned as an ensign on July 1, 1893. He achieved the rank of lieutenant 1900. The same year, he served aboard the USS "New Orleans".
As a lieutenant, he served as watch and division officer aboard the USS "Massachusetts". During this time, he participated in the Spanish–American War. In 1901, the navy assigned him to the USS "Constellation". As a lieutenant commander, he served as navigating officer aboard the USS "Vermont".
During World War I, Althouse served as Chief of Staff to the Commander in Chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet and commanded the USS "Brooklyn", for which he received the Navy Cross. He retired with the rank of Captain.
Governorship.
Althouse served two terms as Naval Governor of Guam; his served his first term from February 7, 1922 to December 8, 1922. During his first term, he made significant changes to the Guamanian education system. In an effort to promote the spread of English among local children, he burned a large number of Chamorro-English dictionaries and banned the use of Chamorro in the classroom and on playgrounds. Do to a shortage of classrooms, classrooms were made co-educational. He based the new system on the educational system of California and demanded that teachers stick to a rigid syllabus. His second term took place from December 14, 1922 to August 4, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="31048921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048921" title="Annick Obonsawin">
Annick Obonsawin

Annick Obonsawin is a Canadian voice actress and musician. She has played roles in many children's shows such as Inez in "Cyberchase" and Skunk in "Franklin". She also plays the voice of Slappy the Dummy in "Goosebumps", as well as Sierra in Total Drama Action, Total Drama World Tour, and Total Drama All-Stars. Annick lives with her mother, father and sister in Unionville, Ontario. She also voiced Jamie, Johnny and Jimmy's sister in the 2014 animated film, The Nut Job. She also plays the voice of Belinda in the Disney Junior/TVOKids animated TV series, Ella the Elephant.

</doc>
<doc id="31048929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048929" title="Roberto Galindo">
Roberto Galindo

Roberto Galindo Sánchez (born 14 October 1980) is a Bolivian footballer who is currently a free agent. His last club was Nacional Potosi from the Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano. He is a centre forward.

</doc>
<doc id="31048938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048938" title="Fast and Curious">
Fast and Curious

Fast and Curious is the fourth studio album by American R&B recording artist Sy Smith, released on March 6, 2012 by Psyko! Records. The album was originally planned for a 2011 release. However, the project was put on hiatus due to Smith wanting to record more material for the album and the 2011 Authenticity Tour with The Foreign Exchange. The album's musical style ranges from 1970s-80s funk and acid jazz to house elements such as electronica and electronic soul. Synth instrumentation was employed in recording most of the tracks as part of Smith's vision of creating "this big party going on in my head".
Upon its release, "Fast and Curious" received positive reviews from music critics and earned Smith credit for ushering in a new genre referred to as "Electronic soul" or "Electrosoul". In 2010, Smith and Mark de Clive-Lowe embarked on their first tour together, which was titled Sy Smith & Mark de Clive-Lowe Tour.
Recording and production.
Smith working on the project in 2010. After the collaboration between Smith and Mark de Clive-Lowe on the single "Truth", Lowe proceeded as sole producer of Smith's album. During the Sy Smith & Mark de Clive-Lowe Tour, Smith had alreadied recorded several songs with Lowe including "Personal Paradise" and "Super Sy" which she performed at several venues (most notably at Spread Love) in Atlanta, Georgia, on July 24, 2010.
In April 2010, Smith confirmed that she was working on a new project and that she had already recorded a song called "Message from the Stars". She also stated her plans to release a project in the summer of 2010 which resulted in the release of the buzz single "Truth". In December 2010, Smith stated in another interview, "I’m working to finish this synthy '80s throwback dance record."
In 2011, the title for album was rumored to be "Sy Smith + MdcL Collections Vol. 1", which was stated through the Twitter page of Mark de Clive-Lowe. In September 2011, Smith appeared along Mark de Clive-Lowe on WGN-TV Midday News to perform her song "Personal Paradise". In December 2011, Smith announced the title of album to be "Fast and Curious" when she gave fans a chance to submit their "Fast" or "Curious" photo to be included in the cover art.
Musical style.
"Fast and Curious" was influenced by what Smith called "the party in my head", which incorporated contemporary acid jazz elements including syncopated rhythms and electrosoul. Some songs have been covered including the Billy Ocean hit "Nights (Feel Like Gettin' Down)", Teena Marie's hit "Lovergirl", and The Rah Band's "Messages from the Stars". "The Fast and The Curious" is an electronica groove, which utilizes bass guitar, percussion, cowbell, and synthpop music. The album's buzz single "Truth" features a complete sound of house music with a constant drum beat. The radio version of the album's lead single "Personal Paradise" features Sheila E. on percussion. From the ending of "Personal Paradise", the album goes directly into mid-tempo song "Find My Way" where the song begins with a percussion rhythm as Smith repeats "Ohhh" and then proceeds into lyrical content. During the song, Smith demonstrates the use of her whistle register for 26 seconds in enunciated word "Ahhh" and "Oh!". Close to the end of song, Smith then scat sings "di di da" while saying "gonna find my way to you, baby".
The album's fifth song "Nights (Feel Like Getting Down)", which features Rahsaan Patterson, is a mid-tempo groove that has been described as the song "that will make you wanna smack your mama." The album continues the use of heavy percussion and synth in the song "Let The Rain Fall Down" and Smith's interpretation of Teena Marie's song "Lovergirl" titled "Teena (Lovergirl Syberized)". The broken beat "The Oooh to My Aaah" and acid jazz of "People of the Sun" are cuts that illustrates a range of voices effortlessly at Smith's disposal when in the right producer's hands and with fitting material. The song "The Primacy Effect" is almost sung a cappella as Smith sings only with a bass guitar and percussion beat then the latter proceeds to invite more instruments including a piano and an atmospheric house tune. During the song, Smith once again re-invites the use of her whistle register. The song "Message from the Stars" features the use of scatting along with a funk base groove.
Release and promotion.
A month before the release of the album, Smith uploaded the album to her account on soundcloud.com. She later released the album (ahead of the release date) to several music critics. "Fast and Curious" was originally intended to released on February 14, 2012, but pushed back to March 6, 2012. Smith offered autographed copies to fans that purchased the album through her website.
Singles.
"Truth", featuring Mark de Clive-Lowe, was released on August 1, 2010, as the album's buzz single. A maxi-single EP was released to iTunes which included the music video that aired on YouTube the same day. The music video was directed by Smith's husband Shawn Carter Peterson. "Teena (Lovergirl Syberized)" was released in January 2011, as a free digital single on Lowe's bandcamp website.
"Personal Paradise" is planning to be released to the radio and a music video is also in works. The radio version of the song features Sheila E. on percussion. Sheila E. is also scheduled to make an appearance in the music video. On June 27, 2012, Smith began shooting a music video for "Nights (Feel Like Getting Down)". On October 19, 2012, Smith released the music video for "Nights (Feel Like Getting Down)", which featured notable appearances by Trina Broussard, Lalah Hathaway, Rahsaan Patterson, and Cassandra O'Neal.
Tours.
In mid-2010, Smith toured with Lowe for 2010 and 2011 tour, Sy Smith & Mark de Clive-Lowe Tour, to promote the album. It consisted of Lowe on keyboards, turntables, and synths, and Smith on vocals and sometimes on keyboard. As well as singing songs from "Fast and Curious", Smith also performed songs from her previous albums "The Syberspace Social" and "Conflict". The tour began in Atlanta, Georgia on July 24, 2010 and concluded in Los Angeles on June 12, 2011. In July 2011, the tour began again in Santa Monica, California. It finally concluded at Bekasi Jazz Festival in Bekasi, Indonesia on October 9, 2011.
In May 2012, Smith began touring with musician/producer Zo! on the Sy Smith & Zo! - The Mini Tour. The duo are performing songs from Smith's albums "Fast and Curious" and "The Syberspace Social" as well as Zo!'s "Sunstorm", "just visiting too", and "just visiting three". Smith will also tour with The Foreign Exchange again, starting in June 2012.
Critical response.
"Fast and Curious" received a positive review from L. Michael Gipson of Creative Loafing Atlanta. Gipson stated, "House-flavored acid jazz trips such as 'Personal Paradise' and 'Find My Way' deliver spacey, ambient grooves, while standouts 'Nights (Feel Like Gettin' Down),' featuring Rahsaan Patterson, and 'Let the Rain Fall Down' take us spinning around the discotheque on the eve of the genre's death. Smith's pop chops aren't big, but they serve every song, and her whistle notes deserve respectful nods. Some cool jams overstay their welcome with running times meant for the clubs, but you will leave sweating and smiling." Gipson gave the album a four star rating out of five stars.
Track listing.
The track listing as confirmed by CD Baby.

</doc>
<doc id="31048944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048944" title="Palestine–Serbia relations">
Palestine–Serbia relations

Palestinian–Serbian relations are foreign relations between the State of Palestine and the Republic of Serbia. Relations between Serbia and Palestine have been very close and friendly. Even though Serbia had reestablished relations with Israel in 1991, its relations with Palestine still remain excellent.
Historical relations.
The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia under Josip Broz Tito had established diplomatic relations with Israel in 1948. After the Six Day War in 1967, the SFRY had cut off all dipomatic relations with Israel and didn't restore them until 1991. Tito had strongly supported Yasser Arafat and the Palestine Liberation Organization. Yasser Arafat was one of the dignitaries who had visited Belgrade after the death of Tito on 8 May 1980. Yugoslavia had recognized the State of Palestine on 16 November 1988 and had established full diplomatic relations with it by 1989. During the Yugoslav wars in the 1990s, Palestine had recognised the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (then Serbia and Montenegro) and all the other former Yugoslav republics.
Opposition to Kosovo Independence.
Palestine is very strongly against the independence of Kosovo. In February 2008, two senior Palestinian officials representing the Mahmoud Abbas West Bank-controlling government, who also are part of the team negotiating with Israel, disagreed on what the Kosovo events implied for Palestine. Yasser Abed Rabbo said, "If things are not going in the direction of continuous and serious negotiations, then we should take the step and announce our independence unilaterally. Kosovo is not better than us. We deserve independence even before Kosovo, and we ask for the backing of the United States and the European Union for our independence". Saeb Erekat responded that the Palestine Liberation Organization had already declared independence in 1988. "Now we need real independence, not a declaration," said Erekat, "We need real independence by ending the occupation. We are not Kosovo. We are under Israeli occupation and for independence we need to acquire independence". After a July 2009 state visit to Serbia, President Mahmoud Abbas in a meeting with the Serbian President Boris Tadić, when discussing both the situations in the Middle East and Kosovo said, "We are looking for a way to resolve these problems in a peaceful way, by upholding international law. We cannot impose solutions nor can we accept imposed solutions. That is why we must negotiate". In September 2011, during the meeting of Foreign Ministers of the Non-Aligned Movement summit in Belgrade, the Palestinian Ambassador to the UN Riyad Mansour said that Palestine was a "typical foreign occupation which cannot be compared to the issue of Kosovo" as confirmed by international law and the UN.
Gaza War and its aftermath.
During the 2008-2009 Gaza War, Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremić said "We are joining the voice of the whole world, which condemns the violence in Gaza, and we call for the stopping of missile attacks on Israel and Israeli attacks against the Gaza strip". Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement saying "Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Serbia condemns attacks in the Gaza Strip, and calls for calming of military actions in which guiltless civilians are killed. The Republic of Serbia welcomes the decision of the U.N. Security Council and joins in with the rest of the world in condemning the violence in the Middle East. Republic of Serbia is committed to a peaceful resolution of all conflicts, and calls on both sides to stop the attacks which cause a humanitarian catastrophe." President of the National Assembly Slavica Đukić Dejanović accepted a proposal of the Greek Parliament President for a regional conference aimed at ending the escalating violence in the Middle East. After the 31 May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid, the Serbian Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned the excessive use of force which caused the deaths of innocent civilians. It also endorsed the UN Security Council's call for an immediate and impartial investigation into the incident. On 23 June 2010 at a summit of Balkan countries in Istanbul, Serbia was one of the countries that strongly condemned Israel's attack on the aid flotilla as well as the loss of life. In October 2011, Serbia voted to recognize Palestine as UNESCO's 195th member, against Israel's wishes. Belgrade declared that it would not have opposed a resolution recognizing Palestinian sovereignty, had one come before the UN General Assembly. On the 29th of November, 2012 Serbia followed through with such promises, voting to welcome Palestine as the newest member of the United Nations by voting in favor of United Nations General Assembly resolution 67/19. That resolution made Palestine a non-member observer state just like the Vatican.

</doc>
<doc id="31048948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048948" title="When I Had the Chance">
When I Had the Chance

"When I Had the Chance" is a song by American jazz saxophonist Boney James from his sixteenth studio album "Contact" (2011). The track was released as the album's second single (but the first in the urban format) and features the platinum-selling R&B singer LeToya Luckett. The song consists basically with LeToya as the vocalist and James Boney providing background saxophone instrumentals. The song's creation (along with all the other songs from the same album) feature the same background development story, a reflection about his own career. Musically, the song consists of heavy saxophone instrumentals with lyrics regarding sorrow and regret feelings. The lyrics refer to a lost opportunity of kissing someone.
Produced, arranged and co-written by James, "When I Had The Chance" is a "soulful" Smooth-Jazz song, with Soul influence and leaned to R&B side of instrumental music. The song was released to the U.S. radio stations on March 7, 2011 and to online digital media store on March 15, 2011.
Background and release.
In 2010, James was involved in a car crash while driving home from a Jazz festival in Newport Beach, California. He was standing still in traffic in Long Beach, California when a car, supposedly driven by a drunken person, struck his car on the 405 freeway. As a result of the incident he was taken hospitalized with a fractured jaw, two broken teeth, a moderated wound in his chin that needed fourteen stitches and had to cancel several forthcoming shows. After the incident he could not play sax for six weeks and even though he returned to perform on-stage, he started to reflect about his career and his possibles whereabouts. Inspired by the incident and past decisions James created the album "Contact", producing and co-writing every piece of the album, including the vocal numbers, after changing management, agency and label. In an interview with "Billboard", James addressed about label changes:
"When you have a sax in your hands, you are immediately a jazz artist, but I've never thought of myself that way. And Verve fits me in terms of crossing over."
And in an interview with "Examiner" he talked about his inspiration for the album:
"One moment, I was on my way home thinking about what I was going to have for dinner and the next moment I was in an ambulance with a fractured jaw and two missing front teeth thinking I may never play my sax again. Looking at the car, I knew I could have been killed. Months later, after healing, I was so grateful to be back on stage and back to work on the CD. The experience has actually had a positive effect on my shows and it was a great influence on the new CD, Contact."

</doc>
<doc id="31048950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048950" title="Dinitro-ortho-cresol">
Dinitro-ortho-cresol

Dinitro-"ortho"-cresol (DNOC) is an organic compound with the structural formula CH3C6H2(NO2)2OH. It is a yellow solid that is only slightly soluble in water. DNOC and some related derivatives have been used as herbicides.
Preparation.
This compound is prepared by disulfonation of "o"-cresol. The resulting disulfonate is then treated with nitric acid to give DNOC. A variety of related derivatives are known including those where the methyl group is replaced by "sec"-butyl ("dinoseb"), "tert"-butyl ("dinoterb"), and 1-methylheptyl ("dinocap"). These are prepared by the direct nitration of the alkyphenols.
Applications and safety.
This toxicant interferes with adenosine triphosphate (ATP) production. 
Symptoms of dinitro-"ortho"-cresol poisoning, due to ingestion or other forms of exposure, include confusion, headache, shortness of breath, and sweating.

</doc>
<doc id="31048957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048957" title="Henry Martyn Whitney">
Henry Martyn Whitney

Henry Martyn Whitney (1824–1904) was an early journalist in the Kingdom of Hawaii. Born of early missionaries, he became the first postmaster and founded several long-lasting newspapers.
Early life.
Henry Martyn Whitney was born June 5, 1824 in Waimea on the island of Kauai.
His father was missionary Samuel Whitney (1793–1845) and he was the namesake of English missionary Henry Martyn.
His mother was Mercy Partidge (1795–1872), granddaughter of Adonijah Bidwell.
His sister Maria Kapule Whitney (1820–1900) married missionary John L. Pogue (1814–1877).
His father was originally a lay teacher, but was ordained in the field on November 30, 1825.
The family moved to Lahaina on Maui in 1827, and then back to Waimea in 1829.
Whitney was sent to Rochester, New York, for school in 1831, and graduated from the Rochester Collegiate Institute in 1841.
He planned to enter college, but a hearing loss convinced him to work in journalism.
He worked for Harper & Brothers in New York City where he learned the printing trade and became a foreman in two years. He also worked in the American Bible Society printing office. He might have had a piece printed in the "New York Tribune" of Horace Greeley.
His relatives and other missionary friends, such as Gerrit P. Judd who was now in the government, tried to persuade him to return to Hawaii, since few journalists had left to join the California Gold Rush.
Whitney married Catherine Olivia March (1821–1896) in June 1849, and travelled via Panama to San Francisco.
He happened to meet Judd there with two young Hawaiian princes.
By November Whitney arrived back in Hawaii; his new wife arrived in January 1850.
Pioneer publisher.
Postmaster.
Whitney worked for the Kingdom of Hawaii government printing office, which published a newspaper called "The Polynesian" (but he did not have editorial control).
Whitney became the first postmaster general in Hawaii on December 22, 1850.
Before that time, the "Polynesian" office had just used an informal mail bag that customers could use to gather letters to be taken by the next ship. The first stamps issued by the kingdom in 1851 are now called Hawaiian Missionaries.
In 1855 he was elected to one term in the house of representatives of the legislature of the Hawaiian Kingdom.
He grew disenchanted with government service and wanted to go into business for himself. He offered to buy the printing office, but the government was not interested. He also invested in a wheat flour mill briefly but sold that business in 1856.
On July 1, 1856 he resigned as postmaster and was replaced by Joseph Jackson.
Independent newspaper.
On July 2, 1856, Whitney produced the first issue of his own newspaper: a four-sheet weekly called the "Pacific Commercial Advertiser". It was the first successful publication in Hawaii sponsored by advertisements.
Other attempts at independent newspapers had quickly gone out of business or become supported by government or missionary funding. Its name is based on the New York "Commercial Advertiser" which Whitney had known while living on the mainland, at least being acquainted with its editor William L. Stone.
The first issue contained the news of Kamehameha IV's royal wedding to Emma Rooke besides the titular advertisements. A sketch Whitney made of Honolulu Harbor after climbing the mast of a ship became the paper's symbol even after the masthead was redesigned.
In his words of the first editorial:Thank heaven the day at length has dawned when the Hawaiian Nation can boast a free press, untrammelled by government patronage or party pledges, unbiased by ministerial frowns or favors — a press whose aim shall be the advancement of the nation in its commercial, political and social condition.
Although born in the Kingdom of Hawaii (and thus a citizen of that country), he openly called for closer ties with the United States.
The second "Advertiser" issue included coverage of the US Independence Day celebrations.
The first issues were printed on a hand press that produced 600 papers an hour, but by March 1857 he could expand circulation with a new power press invented by Isaac Adams.
In 1859 Whitney acquired the assets of the Sandwich Islands Mission Press, paid for with printing services. The mission press had been established in 1822 as the first printing operation of any kind in Hawaii.
Hawaiian language contributions.
Whitney established a Hawaiian language newspaper "Ka Nupepa Kūokoa" ("the independent newspaper"), in 1861. Based on a one-page section his "Advertiser" in Hawaiian called "Ka Hoku Loa" ("the morning star"), it was first edited William P. Ragsdale, a half-Hawaiian and famous legislative interpreter. After Ragsdale contracted leprosy Whitney replaced him with fellow missionary son Luther Halsey Gulick. Whitney would serve as editor at various times. He hired native Hawaiians including Joseph Kawainui, and fellow Americans John Mott-Smith, Samuel Garner Wilder, and Thomas George Thrum.
Historian Samuel Kamakau wrote a series on Hawaiian history that has been translated and published in English.
In 1862 "Ka Nupepa Kūokoa" published a two-color engraving of the Hawaiian flag, a level of professionalism not matched the other smaller Hawaiian language publications.
In 1865 the bilingual Whitney published one of the first Hawaiian language dictionaries compiled by Lorrin Andrews.
Politics.
Over time Whitney became more outspoken in opposition to the monarchy, especially King Kamehameha V whom Whitney claimed was shifting the kingdom away from American Puritan influence to Europeans, such as allowing the St. Andrew's Cathedral to be built for Anglican Bishop Thomas Nettleship Staley. Kamehameha IV and Kamehameha V were the two princes Whitney met in 1849.
Scottish-born cabinet minister Robert Crichton Wyllie threatened Whitney with a libel suit, but eventually backed down.
In 1866 the young reporter Samuel Clemens asked for a job, but there were no openings since Whitney already had the small staff he needed. Clemens, later better known as Mark Twain, often dropped by the office since Whitney enjoyed his humor, and would borrow Whitney's cigars.
Originally Whitney's newspapers were focused on an objective professional philosophy to "get the story first". However, as Twain became more popular, Whitney adopted the satiric humorist's style. They exchanged letters and Twain mocked Staley and the Hawaiian royalty as he toured the US and wrote his book "Roughing It" with a chapter on Hawaii.
The two kept up an exchange of hyperbolic threats over a book that Whitney claimed Twain had borrowed, while Twain claimed the book belonged to Samuel Chenery Damon: I am going chiefly, however, to eat the editor of the Commercial Advertiser for saying I do not write the truth about the Hawaiian Islands, and for exposing my highway robbery in carrying off Father Damen's book - History of the Islands. I shall go there might hungry. Mr. Whitney is jealous of me because I speak the truth so naturally, and he can't do it without taking the lock-jaw. But he ought not to be jealous; he ought not to try to ruin me because I am more virtuous than his is; I cannot help it - it is my nature to be reliable, just as it is his to be shaky on matters of fact - we cannot alter these natures - us leopards cannot change our spots. Therefore, why growl? - why go and try to make trouble? If he cannot tell when I am writing seriously and when I am burlesquing - if he sits down solemnly and take one of my palpable burlesques and reads it with a funereal aspect, and swallows it as petrified truth, - how am I going to help it? I cannot give him the keen perception that nature denied him - now can I? Whitney knows that. Whitney knows he has done me many a kindness, and that I do not forget it, and am still grateful - and he knows that if I could scour him up so that he could tell a broad burlesque from a plain statement of fact, I would get up in the night and walk any distance to do it. You know that, Whitney. But I am coming down there might hungry - most uncommonly hungry, Whitney.
Whitney strongly supported the Union in the American Civil War, although the kingdom was officially neutral.
He printed letters from Charles Guillou critical of James W. Borden, the US Commissioner, who was from the south and had relatives in the Confederacy. Borden threatened Whitney with a knife, but had diplomatic immunity.
After the war, he opposed the importing of contract labor from Asia, comparing it to slavery. This put him at odds with the growing influence of wealthy Hawaiian sugar planters.
In 1870, after a threat of advertising boycotts by the planters, he sold the "Advertiser" to investors James H. Black and William Auld, but remained associated as editor. Whitney claimed he did not cave into planters' demands, but sold to finance a vacation with his family back to the United States, which he took in May 1871.
On hearing the news Mark Twain continued the joke about cannibalism: "Mr. Whitney is one of the fairest-minded and best-hearted cannibals I ever knew" and "we used to eat a great many people in those halcyon days."
In 1872 he published a book on Hawaiian history with former "Polynesian" publisher James Jackson Jarves.
The book was an expanded update of the 1840s Jarves book borrowed by Mark Twain on his 1866 trip with appendix by Whitney.
On January 22, 1873 Whitney was appointed to the privy council of king Lunalilo, but Lunalilo died just a year later.
In 1873 Whitney bought the "Hawaiian Gazette" company which published a weekly.
The "Gazette" had been founded in 1865 as a government publication by James Black after the "Polynesian" had failed in 1864.
In 1875, Whitney published the first tourist guidebook to Hawaii.
Whitney renewed his battles with the administration of the new King Kalākaua. By January 1878 Thomas Crawford MacDowell took over editing the "Gazette", but Whitney kept a stake in the printing company.
In 1880, Claus Spreckels financed the purchase of the "Advertiser" by Walter Murray Gibson. Whitney cut any ties with the "Advertiser" and wrote editorials attacking Gibson (who was appointed to several prominent positions in the cabinet) and Kalākaua in the "Gazette".
Meanwhile the "Gazette" business had grown to the point where a new building was built in 1881, and offices moved there in 1882, next door to the original "Advertiser" building, which was in turn next to the original post office.
This block of the street was sometimes called "printers row".
While working in the stationery store on the ground floor, Whitney could not resist the urge to publish. He posted a one page "Marine Bulletin" on the store window with news that quickly became popular.
After John Kapena resigned to become minister of foreign affairs, Whitney was again appointed postmaster general on February 16, 1883 (although by this time there was more than one post office). He served until April 15, 1886. He resigned after a financial scandal and robbery, replaced by John Lot Kaulukou.
Whitney made his peace with the plantation owners, and was editor of the "Planter's Monthly" from 1886.
He was "one of the important promoters of the Hawaiian tourist industry" as he brought out new editions of his guide book in 1890 and 1895.
James W. Robinson bought the rights to the "Bulletin", and developed it into the newspaper known as the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin".
In 1888 the Hawaiian Gazette Company bought the "Pacific Commercial Advertiser", which Whitney managed until 1894. Just a year later, the "Advertiser" got its first linotype machine. Lorrin A. Thurston bought the "Advertiser" in 1895, whose family would own it until 1992.
Active until the end, Whitney edited "Planter's Monthly" until April 1903.
He died suddenly at his home on August 17, 1904.
Family and legacy.
His children were:
The "Gazette" survived until 1918.
"Ka Nupepa Kūokoa" became the most circulated and longest lasting Hawaiian language newspaper, publishing until 1927.
The "Advertiser" later became known as the "Honolulu Advertiser", which published daily until it was merged in June 2010 with the other major newspaper to become the "Honolulu Star-Advertiser". Whitney's first editorial was reprinted in the last issue.

</doc>
<doc id="31048963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048963" title="Marine Air Control Squadron 5">
Marine Air Control Squadron 5

Marine Air Control Squadron 5 (MACS-5) was a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron. The squadron provided aerial surveillance and early warning while it was active from 1944 through 1993. They were last based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and fell under the command of Marine Air Control Group 28 (MACG-28) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). 
History.
"Air Warning Squadron 16" was commissioned 1 June 1944 at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. On 1 August 1946 the squadron was re-designated as "Marine Ground Control Intercept Squadron 5" (MGCIS-5). Throughout the postwar period and the Korean War the squadron remained at MCAS Cherry Point, except for recurrent exercises along the east coast of the United States. The squadron would move from MCAS Cherry Point to Marine Corps Auxiliary Landing Field Edenton, North Carolina on 16 September 1953. On 15 February 1954 the unit received its final designation as "Marine Air Control Squadron 5" (MACS-5). Its mission was defined as follows: “To install, maintain, and operate ground facilities for the detection and interception of hostile aircraft and missiles and for the navigational direction of friendly aircraft in the accomplishment of support missions.” Just short of two years later the squadron would be deactivated on 31 January 1956.
MACS-5 would be reactivated on 1 October 1957 at MCAS Beaufort, South Carolina. They had responsibility for controlling the more complex jet aircraft that were now being used in the post-Korean War era. In 1963, the squadron would deploy to Naval Air Station Atsugi, Japan for a year. While deployed they also supported exercises in Taiwan and South Korea. They returned to a different home station after the deployment, this time settling at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina. During this time the unit was using the AN/TPS-34 and AN/TPS-22 long range search radars in concert with the AN/UPS-1 short range search radar and the AN/TPS-37 height finder. 
On 21 June 1971 MACS-5 was deactivated at MCAS New River only to be reactivated on 1 July 1971 at MCAS Beaufort, South Carolina. The squadron deployed to various nations in and around Europe and the Mediterranean Sea supporting numerous North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) exercises during the 1970s and 1980s.
On 11 June 1993, Marine Air Control Squadron 2 (MACS-2) was disbanded in Hawaii and MACS-5 at the Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina was renamed MACS-2. This deactivation was due to a reduction in Marine air control squadrons from six active and two reserve squadrons to three active and one reserve squadron as part of the post-cold war drawdown of forces. The new MACS-2 would maintain MACS-2’s lineage and honors and would not retain those of MACS-5.
Unit awards.
A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited. Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear on their uniforms the awarded unit citation. MACS-6 has been presented with the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31048981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048981" title="Henry Whitney">
Henry Whitney

Henry Whitney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31048985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31048985" title="Palpasa Cafe">
Palpasa Cafe

Palpasa Cafe (Nepali:पल्पसा क्याफे) is a novel by Nepali author Narayan Wagle. It tells the story of an artist, Drishya, during the height of the Nepalese Civil War. The novel is partly a love story of Drishya and the first generation American Nepali, Palpasa, who has returned to the land of her parents after 9/11. It is often called an anti-war novel, and describes the effects of the civil war on the Nepali countryside that Drishya travels to.
The book has been a best-seller in Nepal, creating a sales record for a Nepali book of 25,000 copies in the first year. It was Wagle's first book. Since its release, the book has received many honours including the highly prestigious literary award in Nepal, the Madan Puraskar. After Palpasa Cafe, Wagle has written another best-selling book, Mayur Times.
The book was written originally in Nepali and was later translated into English and Korean. The book has sold over 52,000 copies till July. 2012. Palpasa Cafe has officially became the first Nepali novel available in Kindle, it also comes in various portable and ebook formats like mobi and pdf.

</doc>
<doc id="31049015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049015" title="Panguso">
Panguso

Panguso () is a Chinese company offering the search engine Panguso.com, which is used mostly in Chinese. Compared to its private competitors, the Chinese Baidu and the US-based Google, which are used more frequently in China, the two shareholders of this joint venture are the state-owned Chinese news agency Xinhua and the in 2011 worldwide largest mobile telecommunication provider China Mobile. On March 1, 2014, Panguso merged with Jike and became ChinaSo.
Founding.
The founding of the search engine Panguso has been announced in August 2010. In December 2010 the beta version went online and in late February 2011 it was officially launched. The homepage redirects to the 'news' section, where the user is provided with the first headlines beneath the search windows. News are also building the focal point of the search engine. The company brings together as partners the state monopolistic largest Chinese content provider Xinhua and the largest Chinese mobile communication provider with 550 mio. customers in 2010. The search engine is planned to be pre-installed on cell phones and therefore is a response to Google, which started their google phone.
Evaluation.
The major competitive disadvantage of the search engine is its official nature. Following an Internet study of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Chinese Internet user especially are interested in pluralistic viewpoints and information not originating from the state-owned information channel. Following Qian Xiaoqian, a member of the Chinese State Council, the search engine will "offer useful and healthy features as well as strive for the restriction of dissemination of illegal contents like pornography and glorification of violence". The results shown by Panguso are more restricted than by the Hong Kong-based daughter of US-based Google and even more restricted as by baidu.

</doc>
<doc id="31049016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049016" title="McDonald brothers (priests)">
McDonald brothers (priests)

The brothers James McDonald (1824–1890) and Walter McDonald (1830–1899) were Catholic missionary priests and ecclesiastical administrators in Auckland.
Early life.
The brothers were born in the townland of Nicholastown, Mooncoin, County Kilkenny, Ireland, James on 10 August 1824, Walter on 14 December 1830. Their parents were Richard McDonald, farmer, and his wife, Ellen Keefe. The two brothers trained for the priesthood at All Hallows College, Dublin. James was ordained there in 1851 and Walter was ordained in Auckland, New Zealand, on 9 March 1856 by Bishop Jean Baptiste Pompallier of Auckland.
Auckland administration.
When the McDonalds came to Auckland, Pompallier was in the process of establishing his diocese after the removal of the Marist fathers to Wellington. The arrival of the two brothers was most welcome to Pompallier and they became his loyal lieutenants in this work, and also his close friends. After his arrival on 9 March 1852 James was given charge of St Mary's, North Shore, where there was a school for Māori, a seminary and a farm. It was there that he started his lifelong association with Māori. In 1853 he was appointed Vicar General, and while remaining in general charge of the seminary and boys' school (both removed to Freeman's Bay in 1853), he also travelled extensively in the Auckland diocese (virtually coterminous with the Auckland province). For 16 years he represented a bishop who was more than 20 years older, heavy in body and afflicted with arthritis. Among other tasks, for some 18 months in 1859–60 he took charge of the diocese during Pompallier's absence overseas, and in 1865 he became inspector of Catholic schools. From the mid-1860s he also became more closely involved in mission work among Māori. Walter, who came to Auckland as a deacon in 1855, was private secretary to the bishop from 1856 to 1869. He learned to speak Māori, as had his brother, and was able to visit both Māori and Pākehā areas on the bishop's behalf. For three years he was responsible for the Bay of Islands and the east coast of Northland, travelling by sea from Auckland at regular intervals. In the early 1860s he looked after the area from North Shore to Puhoi.
Parishes and missions.
With the resignation of Pompallier in 1869 and the questions that arose concerning his diocesan administration, it was almost inevitable that the two brothers who had been so closely connected with him should now be removed. In 1869 James, who had become Apostolic Administrator after Pompallier's departure in 1868, was appointed parish priest at Drury, and in 1871 Walter was made administrator of St Patrick's Cathedral, that is, parish priest of Auckland city. Both brothers proceeded to become legends, displaying even more flair for parish than for administrative work. As well as giving pastoral care to the settlers of the Drury district, James travelled long distances from his hut at Ramarama to visit the Māori districts not only in his parish, which extended from Papakura to Drury and from the Tasman Sea to the Hauraki Gulf, but also throughout the entire Auckland diocese.
James and Māori.
Wherever James went, he baptised, married, celebrated Mass but above all brought the comforts of a priest's presence to Māori Catholics almost totally neglected by other priests in the aftermath of the wars of the 1860s. The Māori found in "Maketenara" (as James was called by them) a man who loved them, and they returned his love along with a growing reverence which gradually elevated him in their eyes to the status of a prophet. James's growing stature was recognised by Auckland's bishops: Bishop T. W. Croke remarked, "His people love him"; in 1880 Archbishop Walter Steins relieved him of responsibility for Drury and put him in charge of all the Māori in the diocese; by 1883 Bishop J. E. Luck had appointed him Vicar General for the Māori in the diocese.
Bishop Luck.
But the arrival of Bishop Luck also brought changes of direction for both brothers. At base there is thought to have been a lack of empathy between the English bishop and the Irish priests. When Luck began to negotiate with the Mill Hill fathers to take over the Maori missions, James opposed the move. In 1887 he was given the missions north of Auckland and the Mill Hill fathers those south of Auckland. He went to live at Hokianga. In 1886 Bishop Luck appointed Walter papal chamberlain (carrying the title of monsignor) and shifted him to the parish of Panmure, amid furious protests from the general public: in his position at the cathedral Father Walter had become immensely popular with the people of Auckland – Catholics and non-Catholics, adults and children, respectable and not so respectable. But he had become rather too much of a public figure for the liking of Bishop Luck. Luck may also have suspected him of collusion with James in resisting the advent of the Mill Hill fathers. At Panmure, however, Walter's popularity continued to grow; he became chaplain to Ellerslie Racecourse and even clerk of the course for a time.
Deaths.
After some 40-odd years of service in the diocese both brothers died in the 1890s – James at Purakau in Hokianga on 6 July 1890, Walter on 31 December 1899 in Auckland. James, who had been the bridge between the pre-war Catholic Maori missions and the Mill Hill fathers who resumed this work in the 1880s, was buried beside his brother's parish church in Panmure. Walter was also buried there, after a funeral procession which had started from St Patrick's in the city and which was reported to be one of the largest Auckland had ever seen.
Qualities.
"Probably no other New Zealand priest has even equaled either of the McDonalds in their capacity to generate loyal affection from their people. And no other priest ever gave such loyal affection to Bishop Pompallier".

</doc>
<doc id="31049046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049046" title="Oswald Lange">
Oswald Lange

Oswald Hermann Lange (June 1, 1912 – February 20, 2000) was a German-American aerospace engineer and member of the "von Braun rocket group". He contributed to early military aerospace projects, including the V-2 and Wasserfall, and eventually became project director of Saturn V.
Biography.
Lange earned his master's degree from the University of Breslau and PhD from Berlin Institute of Technology. He worked at Peenemünde from 1940 to 1945 on guidance and control aspects of the V-2 ballistic missile and the Wasserfall surface-to-air missile. After World War II, he worked at the Royal Aircraft Establishment (1947), but emigrated to the US in 1954, working briefly at Martin Aircraft. In 1959, he was naturalized as a US citizen and became head of the Saturn project office. He retired in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31049049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049049" title="Charles Cunliffe">
Charles Cunliffe

Charles Morley Cunliffe (2 September 1858 – 15 October 1884) was an English cricketer who played for Kent from 1877 to 1880.
Cunliffe was born at Leyton, Essex, the son of Roger and Marion Cunliffe of Tunbridge Wells. He was educated at Rugby School where he was in the first XI cricket for three years. He made his debut for Kent against Derbyshire in July 1877 at the age of 18. He was a regular bowler for Kent for three years taking 5 wickets in an innings eleven times, and three times taking ten wickets in a match. He played club cricket for Orleans Club, but did not appear in any of the club's first-class matches.
Cunliffe was a right-handed batsman and played 44 innings in 25 first class matches with an average of 9.45 and a top score of 47. He was a right-arm round arm medium pace bowler and took 93 first class wickets with an average of 15.00 and a best performance of 7-25.
Cunliffe died suddenly at Davos Platz, Switzerland aged 26.

</doc>
<doc id="31049059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049059" title="Masaya Kimura">
Masaya Kimura

At the 2011 Asian Winter Games he won silver medals in both the 4 x 10 kilometre relay and team sprint events.
He participated at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31049062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049062" title="Lochardil">
Lochardil

Lochardil (/lɒx ardɪl/) (from the Scottish Gaelic: Loch Àrdail meaning the Church Lake) is a residential area in the West of Inverness. The area has an abundance of green spaces including MacDonald Park and Lochardil Woods.
The local primary school is Lochardil Primary, after which students attend the Inverness Royal Academy. There is a pharmacy, a hairdresser and the Lochardil House Hotel. There is also a post box on Stratherrick Road and another on Morven Road.
As is the case in the rest of the City, a bus service is provided by Stagecoach Highlands who took over the route from the Rapson Group. Buses to and from the city centre run approximately every 30 minutes Monday to Friday with a reduced timetable in place at weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="31049072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049072" title="Hermann II">
Hermann II

Hermann II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049083" title="Dolph Stanley">
Dolph Stanley

Dolph Stanley (January 23, 1905 – July 9, 1990) was an American basketball player and coach. Nicknamed the ”Silver Fox”, Stanley is best known for holding the "unbreakable" record of guiding five different Illinois High School Association (IHSA) schools into the state tournament. He gained national prominence by coaching Beloit College to a 238–57 basketball record from 1945 to 1957 while guiding them to an NIT berth and a final AP Rank of #16 in 1951. Collectively, Stanley coached six high school teams as well as Beloit College, compiling 943 total victories (705 high school, 238 college). He finished his career in 1989 at Keith Country Day School in Rockford.
Early years.
Stanley was born in Marion, Illinois, becoming a three-year letterman in basketball while attending Marion High School. Following high school, he attended Southern Illinois University and the University of Illinois. In 1930 Stanley became the head coach of Equality High School in Equality, Illinois. In just two years of coaching, he took the Cardinals to a third-place finish in 1934. Stanley left Equality after winning 94% of his games, finishing with a record of 36 wins and only 2 losses.
Stanley next took the reign of Mt. Pulaski High School and led them to a fourth-place finish in 1936. In his three years of coaching the Hilltoppers, Stanley coached teams produced 70 wins with only 18 losses. During his time at Mt. Pulaski, he married Laura Jane Dial on August 26, 1934 in Mt. Vernon, Illinois.
In 1938, he became the head coach of Taylorville High School. During his seven years at the helm, the Tornadoes won four regional titles, two sectional titles and, in 1944, Stanley directed them to a perfect 45–0 record. This was Stanley's only state championship team and the first undefeated titlist in Illinois history. That team included future Hall of Fame coach, Johnny Orr and 1952 Olympic gold medalist, Ron Bontemps. His final record at Taylorville was an astounding 196–42.
Beloit College.
The success Stanley had demonstrated caught the interest of Beloit College, where he became coach and athletic director in 1945. During his twelve years at Beloit, Stanley's teams won six consecutive Midwest Conference titles from 1946 to 1951. In 1957, he finished his career at Beloit with an overall record of 238 wins with only 57 losses.
The 1950–51 season provided some of the most memorable games in Midwest Conference history. The two most prominent events occurred when the Stanley’s Buccaneers devastated Cornell (Iowa) 141–53 to establish a Beloit College Field House scoring record, and crushed Ray Meyer's DePaul team 94–60 to break the Chicago Stadium scoring record.
Stanley was very familiar with several starters on his Beloit teams. Examples include, Ron Bontemps, (class of '51), who went on to captain the 1952 Gold Medal Olympic team; Johnny Orr, (class of '49), who later coached at the University of Michigan and Iowa State; and John Erickson, (class of '49), who was the head coach at the University of Wisconsin, director of basketball operations for the Big 8 Conference, and served as the general manager for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Later years.
After leaving Beloit, Stanley became the athletic director at Drake University. That career was short-lived, as Stanley's desire to coach brought him back to the high school ranks of Illinois. Stanley became the head coach of Rockford Auburn High School in 1960. His tenure at Auburn was so well received that the gymnasium at the school was named the Dolph Stanley Gymnasium. For 10 seasons Stanley coached the Knights to four regional and three sectional titles, advancing to the state quarterfinals in 1963. Though his teams didn’t make the finals of the IHSA tournament, Stanley's Auburn teams produced 176 wins to 78 losses. 
In 1970, at the age of 65, Stanley retired from the public school setting and focused his coaching in the arena of private school, taking the reign at Boylan Catholic High School, also in Rockford. During his first year at Boylan, Stanley led the Titans to a state quarterfinal appearance. He remained at Boylan until 1980, winning an additional regional title in 1977 while totaling 137 wins. At Boylan, met his most difficulties, losing 130 games – nearly half of his high school total. Stanley finished his career at Rockford’s Keith Country Day School. During his time at Keith, Stanley compiled a record of 90 wins and 43 losses. He retired in 1989.
Stanley died Monday July 9, 1990 at St. Anthony Medical Center in Rockford.
Recognition.
Of the six Illinois high school teams that Stanley coached, five qualified for the Illinois High School Association state quarterfinals. His 1944 Taylorville team won the state championship with a 45–0 record and featured Olympian Ron Bontemps and former Iowa State University coach Johnny Orr. It was the first undefeated champion in the state's history.
In 1977, he received the honor of being named the NIC-10 Coach of the Year.
Stanley was inducted into the Beloit College Athletic Hall of Honor in 1971.
In 2007, the Illinois High School Association named Stanley one of the 100 Legends of the IHSA Boys Basketball Tournament.
Stanley was also inducted into the Wisconsin Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame posthumously in October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31049099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049099" title="Hermann III">
Hermann III

Hermann III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049100" title="Jeffrey Stepakoff">
Jeffrey Stepakoff

Jeffrey Stepakoff is an American television writer, producer, and author.
Education.
After graduating from Woodward Academy in College Park, Georgia in 1981, Stepakoff earned a degree in journalism from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. After graduation, he began working at an advertising agency. He graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a Master of Fine Arts in playwriting in 1988.
He teaches at Kennesaw State University as Associate Professor of Screenwriting since 2006.
Career.
Stepakoff’s ticket to television writing came through a Carnegie Mellon contact who was involved with ER. The contact helped introduce him to an agent and David Milch, creator of "Deadwood" and NYPD Blue. The 1988 Writers Guild of America strike prevented Stepakoff from working right away. Although he was offered a job as a scab writer for CBS's "Charles In Charge", produced by Universal Television, he turned it down. When the strike ended, he was offered another job by Universal to write for "Simon & Simon".
Credits.
His credits include (hired by Lynn Marie Latham), Major Dad, Dawson's Creek, Tarzan, Hyperion Bay, "", "Flipper", "Sisters (Creative Consultant), "The Wonder Years", "Major Dad", and "Simon & Simon".
Stepakoff also created pilots for 20th Century Fox, Paramount Pictures, MTM, Fox and ABC. He developed and wrote major motion pictures, including Disney's Tarzan and Brother Bear.
Awards/Nominations/Publications.
Books.
His book "BILLION-DOLLAR KISS: The Kiss That Saved Dawson’s Creek and Other Adventures in TV Writing", a revealing account of his experiences in the television industry, is a critically acclaimed one.
Membership.
Stepakoff is a member of the Writers Guild of America, the Writers Guild of Canada, the Screen Actors Guild, and IATSE, and is a voting member of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. He currently resides with his wife and children in Dunwoody, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="31049103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049103" title="Center for International Stabilization and Recovery">
Center for International Stabilization and Recovery

The Center for International Stabilization and Recovery (CISR), formerly the Mine Action Information Center (MAIC), is a public policy center at James Madison University that manages information, conducts training, holds conferences and workshops, and performs research relevant to humanitarian mine clearance, victim assistance, mine risk reduction and other explosive remnants of war (ERW). 
The CISR has a full-time staff that organizes faculty, students and other subject-matter experts into teams to address specific post-conflict issues. Drawing on university programs and mine-action experience, CISR facilitates integrative approaches and innovative solutions to information and training.
History.
The program began in 1996 under a directive by the U.S. Under Secretary of Defense for Policy to serve as a humanitarian demining information clearinghouse. In 1997, it was chartered as a Department of Defense "Center of Excellence". Starting in 1998, it received support from the Department of State's Vietnam Initiative, and by 2001, the Department of State was the primary supporting agency. The center works internationally; its support network includes United Nations, Canada, Switzerland, and the Slovenia International Trust Fund. In 2008 the name was changed to the present title, and the scope expanded to include all explosive remnants of war and post-conflict recovery issues. Since February 2010 the center has been directed by Dr. Kenneth Rutherford.
Journal of ERW and Mine Action.
The "Journal of ERW and Mine Action" is a print and online magazine for the global landmine, ERW and post-conflict community. It is published three times a year; the print magazine has a circulation of 1,500, two-thirds outside the US, and the online site receives 135,000 views annually. The journal contains editorials, articles, reports, reviews, profiles dealing with current practices, new equipment and techniques, procedures, lessons learned and newsworthy information. The Journal is written by field experts along with in-house contributions, and is funded by contracts from the United States Department of State's Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, and the United States Department of Defense's Night Vision and Electronic Sensors Directorate.
Peer Support.
“Pathways to Resilience” (P2R) is a regional leadership and training program for survivors of landmines and explosive ordnance injuries. The program's purpose is to develop self-confidence, emotional and physical health and life direction for landmine survivors while empowering them to help other survivors in their country of origin. The first P2R program hosted 29 landmine survivors for a week-long peer-support program in Hamama, Lebanon from May 8-15, 2011.
Mine risk education.
"We Love Life" is a theatrical play and creative arts program aimed at raising awareness in the landmine and UXO (Unexploded Ordnance)-threatened provinces of north-western Jordan. 
Management training.
CISR, working in close collaboration with faculty from JMU’s College of Business (COB), specializes in management training for leaders in mine action around the world. The Senior Managers’ Course in ERW and Mine Action seeks to integrate the latest thinking in the field of business management with the practical experience of ERW/mine action operators. The goal is to hone the skills of senior managers of national ERW and mine action programs so that countries can more effectively and efficiently clear their lands of landmines and other explosive remnants of war that adversely affect their citizens' well-being and impinge upon economic development. From 2004 - 2013 CISR hosted 9 courses on the campus of JMU with 172 participants from 40 countries.
CISR has also conducted regional training courses in Jordan, Colombia, Peru and in May 2014 will conduct a training in Tajikistan. 
Global Mine Action Registry.
The Global Mine Action Registry is a resource database of contact information on hundreds of mine-action organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="31049104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049104" title="Olímpico Pirambu Futebol Clube">
Olímpico Pirambu Futebol Clube

Olímpico Pirambu Futebol Clube, commonly known as Olímpico de Pirambu, is a Brazilian football club based in Pirambu, Sergipe state. They competed in the Série C and in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on September 4, 1931, in Aracaju, as Siqueira Campos Futebol Clube.The team then changed its name to Olímpico Futebol Clube in 1939.In 1996, the team moved to Itabi due to financial problems, only to move to Carmópolis in the following year and to Lagarto in the same year.The team eventually moved to Pirambu in 2005, changing its name to Olímpico Pirambu Futebol Clube. Olímpico de Pirambu won the Campeonato Sergipano Série A2 in 2005, and the Campeonato Sergipano in 2006. They competed in the Série C in 2006, when they were eliminated in the First Stage, and in the Copa do Brasil in 2007, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Corinthians.
Stadium.
Olímpico Pirambu Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio André Moura. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people. The club also played at Estádio Valberto Gomes de Conceição, nicknamed "Bebetão". This stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31049133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049133" title="Terre Haute Living">
Terre Haute Living

Terre Haute Living is a magazine published in Terre Haute, Indiana. Founded in November 2007, "Terre Haute Living" brings readers information on every facet of Terre Haute life, including arts and entertainment, real estate, business, dining, education, travel, politics, sports, plus up-to-date information on local west central Indiana events.
In September 2009 Shaun Hussey became the Executive Editor moving the city magazine into a new direction that sought to tell the story of Terre Haute through narrative non-fiction and photography. Additionally the magazine strives to provide its audience with the latest trends and news. Beginning with the March 2014 issue the publication schedule increased to 10 issues a year January/February and June/July months being a double issue. The magazine is owned by Tribune Star, a media publishing company.

</doc>
<doc id="31049135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049135" title="Amaravi">
Amaravi

The Amaravi were a Bantu people, living around Lake Nyasa in what is now Malawi in the 15th century. They founded a dynasty known as the Maravi Empire. The Amaravi, who eventually became known as the Chewa (a word possibly derived from a term meaning "foreigner"), migrated to Malawi from the region of the modern day Republic of Congo. 

</doc>
<doc id="31049141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049141" title="Sicilian nobility">
Sicilian nobility

The Sicilian nobility was a privileged hereditary class in the Kingdom of Sicily, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and the Kingdom of Italy, whose origins may be traced to the 11th century CE.
History.
The Romans, Byzantines and Saracens exported different elements of their aristocratic structures to the island of Sicily, however, it was not until the Norman invasion of 1061, led by Roger I de Hauteville, that the Sicilian aristocracy and feudal system took root.
By the mid-twelfth century the majority of the island was divided into an agglomeration of agrarian communities (fiefs), controlled by Roger I, known as the "Great Count", and his knights.
Count Roger was the youngest of five sons born to the petty Norman lord, Tancred de Hauteville. During the mid-eleventh century, southern Italian powers from the mainland sought military assistance from Norman mercenaries in an attempt to wrest control of Sicily away from its Saracen rulers. In 1068, Roger and his army of knights and foot soldiers were victorious at Misilmeri ("Menzil el Emir"), and by 1072 Sicily was under Norman control.
The knights were given estates for their loyalty and military service to Roger and his army. "Il Catalogus Baronum" ("Catalogue of Barons"), was an early twelfth-century document listing the Norman vassals of the region and their respective feudal rights, possessions and duties. Although some historians claim it was a Norman creation others contend that it was modelled on the "dîwân al-majlis", a document introduced by the Fatimidi prior to the Norman invasion.
Instead of renaming the regions which they controlled, the Norman aristocracy opted to change their own surnames, recorded in "il Catalogus Baronum", often adopting that of the territories over which they obtained authority and taxation powers. Historians contend that this is the reason why so little of the original document has names of Norman origin. Some argue that this was because the Norman invaders in Sicily were often cadets of petty Norman lords rather than Norman magnates; allegedly they simply did not want their Norman names on the document, opting to reinvent themselves in their new homeland. Even the Hauteville dynasty itself was descended from petty Norman lords. Knights who became the first barons arrived in the region unattached, often marrying into the local population. Historians contend that the simplicity of recording ownership of land, utilising pre-existing place names, and changing their own names to correspond with the barony, far outweighed a desire to hold onto their family names.
Roger I’s son, Roger II, became Sicily’s first king. By the mid-fourteenth century, the titles of baron and count were common, whereas formerly the vassals were either "signori" (lords) or "cavalieri" (knights). Although Sicilian feudalism did not entail serfdom, it did permit knights and barons to tax and control the lands they held in fee from the king.
Under Norman rule, the title "signore" signified the highest rank of landed nobility. Although frequent reference to the baronage can be found in Sicily as early as the fourteenth century, it was not until the nineteenth century that these "signori" were formally designated "baroni" and their property holdings baronies. Some families favoured the Longobard system of land transfer, inheritance divided amongst all male heirs; however, most Norman families were practitioners of male primogeniture, the Frankish custom of inheritance, which served to maintain family fiefdoms in their original form. Conversely, under the Longobard system estates became smaller over time.
Over the centuries, established noble families were advanced through the aristocratic ranks. By the eighteenth century, the titles "principe", "duca" and "marchese" were held by many men whose ancestors, only several centuries earlier, had been barons and lords. "Conte", "signore" and "cavaliere" are titles that have been used by the Sicilian nobility. Over the centuries many families emerged as landed aristocracy or nobility similar to the English gentry and peerage.
Modern history.
Although at its inception nobility was a military honour, with conquering kings at the top of the feudal landscape and their trusted knights below, rewarded with land, wealth, and title for loyalty and bravery, by the sixteenth century nobility was no longer exclusive to the conquerors. Clergy, lawyers, bureaucrats, notaries, merchants, bankers and wealthy landowners entered the gates of the nobility. Title, like most valuables, became a purchasable commodity.
Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria and his second cousin, Prince Carlo, Duke of Castro, are rival claimants to the non-regnant dignity of Head of the deposed Royal House of the Two Sicilies. Their branch of the House of Bourbon acquired the crowns of Naples and Sicily in the 18th century. Their dynasty was the fount of honour which regulated the titulature of the Sicilian nobility until their deposition in 1860, whereupon the House of Savoy as the new kings of Italy recognized the titles, but not the traditional precedence, of the Sicilian nobility as part of the Italian nobility.
One of the most celebrated members of twentieth century Sicilian aristocracy is Giuseppe Tomasi, the 11th Prince di Lampedusa (1896–1957), most remembered for "Il Gattopardo", for which he won the Strega Prize. Published posthumously, it recounts the genteel decline of Sicilian aristocratic grandeur of the 19th century, remains the highest selling novel in Italian history, and is widely regarded as one of the most important works of contemporary Italian literature. Tomasi’s other works include "I Racconti" (Stories, first published in 1961), "Le Lezioni su Stendhal" (Lessons on Stendhal, 1959) and "Letters from London and Europe", published in 2010.
Without the feudal responsibilities of their ancestors many members of Sicilian aristocracy emigrated from their native land, sometimes to the Italian peninsula, to other locales of the European continent and Britain, or to North and South America.As an example, Gioacchino Cristoforo Ventimiglia of the noble Ventimiglia family relocated from Sicily to Vallon, Switzerland.[8 His heir, Jack Cristoforo Ventimiglia Vallon II, lives in London. Several members of the Ventimiglia family adopted the surname Vallon, in recognition of their new homeland.
Another example is Baron Marco di Serramarrocco who, having left for a professional career in England, returned to start his own winery on his family's estate. Others have adapted to modern day economic conditions by renting out their homes/sections of their homes, developing vineyards on their property, setting up agrotourism sometimes themed to replicate the lifestyle of a bygone era etc. Others have sold their estates, parts of their residences, even their coats of arms in recent years.
With so many descendants of the landed Sicilian aristocracy leaving their native Sicily for foreign shores, and more descendants being born outside of aristocratic circles than within, maintaining social ties has been difficult, and has certainly lost importance in recent decades. Like gentlemen's clubs of the British Raj which faded into obscurity as colonialism receded, clubs with membership reserved for descendants of noble Sicilian families have largely disappeared as centers of aristocratic socializing and tradition, only a few, such as "Il Circhio Bellini" in Palermo, remaining. Influence is maintained in social and charitable endeavors by aristocratic organisations like the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George which still has representation in Sicily.

</doc>
<doc id="31049145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049145" title="Palestine–Vietnam relations">
Palestine–Vietnam relations

Relations between Vietnam and the Palestine have been strong and very friendly. Vietnam had established very close relations between the Palestinian Liberation Organization and was one of the first countries to recognize the State of Palestine.
History.
During the height of the Vietnam War in 1968, the Democratic Republic of Vietnam or North Vietnam under its President Ho Chi Minh established diplomatic relations with the Palestine Liberation Organization or PLO. In 1976 the PLO mission was established in Hanoi and it was later upgraded into an embassy in 1982. After the Palestinian Declaration of Independence, Vietnam recognized Palestine on November 19, 1988 and had established diplomatic relations with Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat had visited Vietnam more than 10 times. The last one was in August 1988.
Recent Relations.
During the 2008-2009 Gaza War, Vietnam condemned "all indiscriminate attacks against civilians," and urged both parties to seek a peaceful solution to the conflict. Vietnam's Deputy Foreign Minister said, "We urged Israel to stop the excessive and disproportionate use of force, end its military operations and immediately withdraw forces from Gaza." Vietnam called on Israel to immediately lift its blockade and allow humanitarian workers into Gaza.
After the May 31, 2010 Gaza flotilla raid, Vietnam cancelled the scheduled visit of Israeli President Shimon Peres after the flotilla incident.

</doc>
<doc id="31049149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049149" title="Lovell Wooldridge">
Lovell Wooldridge

Lovell William Wooldridge (9 December 1901 – 15 December 1983) was an English cricketer. He was born in Quetta, Balochistan which was then in the British Raj. He was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire where he played for the college cricket team.
Wooldridge played for Devon in the 1926 Minor Counties Championship, making his debut against Monmouthshire. He played four further matches for Devon in 1926, playing his final Championship match against Monmouthshire. Later in 1926, Wooldridge returned to the British Raj, where he made his first-class debut for the Europeans (India) against the Marylebone Cricket Club. Four years later he played two further first-class matches, one for the Europeans, which came against the Muslims and the other for the Punjab Governor's XI against the Muslims. In his three first-class matches he scored 20 runs at a batting average of 5.00, with a high score of 18. With the ball he took 5 wickets at a bowling average of 39.40, with best figures of 3/69.
He died in Exeter, Devon on 15 December 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31049150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049150" title="Hermann IV">
Hermann IV

Hermann IV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049153" title="Suzanne Lappin">
Suzanne Lappin

Suzanne Lappin (born 13 October 1986) is a Scottish female international football midfielder. She is in her second spell with Glasgow City in the Scottish Women's Premier League, having spent two seasons away in the English FA WSL with Liverpool Ladies in 2011 and Chelsea Ladies in 2012. Lappin made her senior Scotland women's national football team debut in 2007.
Club career.
A goalscoring central midfielder, Lappin joined Glasgow City in 2003 from Cumbernauld Cosmos U-16s. As of February 2011, when Lappin signed for Liverpool Ladies, she was Glasgow City's all-time record goalscorer with 170 goals.
Lappin made her debut for FA WSL club Liverpool in a friendly win over Hibernian Ladies.
During the WSL mid–season break, Lappin joined Celtic and scored on her debut for the Hoops in a 3–0 win over Rangers. Lappin returned to the WSL with Chelsea Ladies in January 2012. She scored on her debut for the London club, in a 3–0 FA Women's Cup win over Brighton. In Chelsea's semi final victory over Arsenal, Lappin was an unused substitute. She was left out of the squad altogether for Chelsea's controversial defeat to Birmingham City in the 2012 FA Women's Cup Final.
In October 2012 Glasgow City announced that they had re–signed Lappin from Chelsea.
International career.
An away double-header versus England gave a 16-year-old Lappin her first taste of national youth team football. She progressed to captain Scotland's U-19 team to qualification for the UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship, but missed the final tournament due to university commitments.
According to the Scottish Football Association, Lappin made her senior Scotland debut as a 90th minute substitute for Joanne Love in a 3–2 friendly win over Belgium at McDiarmid Park in August 2007. Her next appearance was not until February 2011, in a 4–2 win in Wales. In April 2011 Lappin scored her first goal at international level, during a 6–2 defeat to Holland in Volendam.
Personal life.
Lappin has followed in the footsteps of James McGrory and Stevie Chalmers, other footballers from The Garngad.

</doc>
<doc id="31049157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049157" title="Yuki Kobayashi">
Yuki Kobayashi


</doc>
<doc id="31049159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049159" title="Nitasha Sharma">
Nitasha Sharma

Dr. Nitasha Sharma is an Assistant Professor of African American Studies and Asian American Studies at Northwestern University’s Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences. In her time at Northwestern University, Sharma has taught classes such as Comparative Race Relations: Asian and Black Relations in the United States, The Racial and Gender Politics of Hip Hop, and Race, Crime, and Punishment: Prisons, The Border, and Post 9/11 Detentions. Sharma received her formal education at the University of California at Santa Barbara in 2004 specializing in anthropology. Her primary areas of scholarly interest focus on Afro/Asian American relations especially in terms of studying the relationship between the two through hip hop music. In her latest publication, "Hip Hop Desis", she examines the reasons that second generation, middle class to affluent Asian Americans strive to be part of the hip hop culture that has been more or less claimed by the African American community. She examines the content of these songs as they represent notions of terror, racism and other pertinent issues in the African American and Asian American communities. Her writing has received positive response from Asian American Activists and scholars such as Vijay Prashad along with popular culture and American Studies scholar George Lipsitz. In addition to "Hip Hop Desis", she is currently working on her second book, "Hapas and Douglas: Asian/Black Multiraciality in Hawaii and Trinidad. " 
Sharma has received many accolades and academic awards in her field especially during her time as a Northwestern University faculty member. These awards include National Emerging Scholar 2009, Diverse: Issues in Higher Education, Woodrow Wilson Career Enhancement Grant (2009–2010), Outstanding Teaching Award, African American Studies at Northwestern University two consecutive years (2006–2007,2007–2008). 
Sharma has been cited in many scholarly works, primarily in ethnic journals such as the "Journal of South Asian American Public Affairs", "Journal of Political and Legal Anthropology", and the "South Asian Magazine for Action and Reflection". 
In addition to her contributions to various written scholarly publications and works, Sharma has offered and continues to offer her insight and research by speaking at universities and colleges throughout the United States including New York University, University of Wisconsin-Madison, and Highline Community College. This June, Sharma will be speaking at the 24th Annual National Conference on Race and Ethnicity in American Higher Education held in San Francisco. In addition to her scholarly pursuits Nitasha Sharma also has a self-produced hip hop album out in 2007 called Island Beatz featuring such luminaries as Ghostface Killah, the RZA, and Puff Daddy.
References.
Sharma, Nitasha. "Hip Hop Desis". London:Duke University Press,2010. 
http://www.afam.northwestern.edu/faculty/sharma.html
http://www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/stories/2010/10/desi-hip-hop-artists.html
http://www.ncore.ou.edu/2011/aconversationwith7.html
http://www.music.as.nyu.edu
http://musicraceempire.global.wisc.edu/Conference%20Sessions.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="31049182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049182" title="The Lying Game">
The Lying Game

The Lying Game is an American teen drama television series that aired on ABC Family from August 15, 2011 to March 12, 2013. The series was produced by Pratt Enterprises, Alloy Entertainment, and Warner Horizon Television. and is loosely based on a series of novels of the same name by Sara Shepard. The network green-lighted the series in February 2011 with a 10 episode order. with the series.
On September 15, 2011, ABC Family gave the series a 10 episode back order bringing the first season to 20 episodes. The second half of the season began airing on January 2, 2012.
On April 24, 2012, ABC Family announced it has been renewed for a second and final season, slated for a winter premiere. Season two premiered on January 8, 2013, right after the premiere of the second half of "Pretty Little Liars"' third season. In June 2013, cast member Allie Gonino announced that the fate of "The Lying Game" will be announced in July. ABC Family first wanted to see how its new summer series perform before renewing either "The Lying Game" or "Bunheads" for another season.
On July 15, 2013, Chando revealed that ABC Family has canceled the series after two seasons.
Series overview.
The series follows Emma, a kind-hearted foster child who learns she has an identical twin sister, Sutton. Sutton, unlike Emma, was adopted by wealthy parents and is seemingly living an ideal life. After their initial meeting, Sutton talks Emma into stepping into her life for a few days while she pursues a lead on the mysterious identity of their birth mother. After Sutton inexplicably fails to return to the girls’ designated meeting place, Emma must decide whether to come clean about her identity and risk her own safety in the hope of uncovering her twin sister’s where abouts, along with the truth about why they were separated in the first place.
Reception.
Critical.
TV Fanatic's Leigh Raines rated the pilot episode five out of five stars. She went on to say "If the mark of a good show is when it leaves you wanting more, "The Lying Game" definitely accomplished that goal." Melody Simpson of Buzz Focus, also reviewed the pilot and stated, "While this is not exactly a series one would watch with the entire family, the older audiences will surely enjoy this series as much as the younger audiences." Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's Rob Owen compared the show as a "lighter, better executed version of the fall CW pilot "Ringer"."
Ratings.
The pilot episode scored a 0.5 adults 18-49 rating and 1.39 million viewers. The second episode scored another 0.5 adults 18-49 rating, steady versus the pilot episode, but was up 84,000 viewers to 1.47 million. The 13th and 14th episodes reached series highs of 0.7 in adults 18-49.

</doc>
<doc id="31049185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049185" title="Hermann V">
Hermann V

Hermann V may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049204" title="Cochlonemataceae">
Cochlonemataceae

The family Cochlonemataceae is a fungus classified in the order Zoopagales. Fungi found in this family are predominantly parasitic and can be found in any substrate that contains an ample amount of host or prey organisms.
The family contains six genera.

</doc>
<doc id="31049226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049226" title="Full Spectrum Diplomacy">
Full Spectrum Diplomacy

Full Spectrum Diplomacy is a combination of traditional, government-to-government diplomacy with the many components of public diplomacy as well as the integration of these two functions with other instruments of statecraft. The term was coined by Dr. John Lenczowski, the Founder and President of the Institute of World Politics in Washington, D.C. in his book "Full Spectrum Diplomacy and Grand Strategy: Reforming the Structure and Culture of U.S. Foreign Policy" which was released in May, 2011.
Origin.
Lenczowski's book appears to be the first attempt to isolate and define the term. In it, he references the military concept of "full spectrum operations" (or "full spectrum dominance") indicating that it inspired his derivation for diplomatic use. He writes that the diplomatic community does not have a comparable term to full spectrum operations, "but there should be, in order to end the systematic neglect of some dimensions of the larger art of diplomacy."
In a chapter of the "Routledge Handbook of Public Diplomacy", Matthew Armstrong provides a historical perspective on the use of full spectrum diplomatic action:
Components.
Full Spectrum Diplomacy is an integrated strategy that encompasses all instruments of engagement including traditional diplomacy and public diplomacy. Of particular note is advocacy for the use of cultural diplomacy to enhance contact with people at the grassroots level.
To increase the role of public diplomacy, Lenczowski advocates the foundation of a U.S. Public Diplomacy Agency. This would not only take the place of the former United States Information Agency (USIA), but would expand to coordinate all aspects of the public diplomacy instrument. Dr. Juliana Pilon advocates a similar organization in her book "Why America is Such a Hard Sell" in which she promotes an "American Global Outreach and Research Agency." Her idea culminates in a system that links the instruments of public diplomacy throughout the whole of government. Yet another proposal is that of Professor Carnes Lord of the Naval War College writing for the creation of a "Policy Coordinating Committee on Foreign Information, Assistance, and Democracy Promotion" that would serve to integrate the leadership of the many organizations involved in public diplomacy to other agencies of strategic influence.
Lenczowski provides further explanation of the construct here:
Orchestra analogy.
In support of the concept of full spectrum diplomacy, Lenczowski writes that "the achievement of foreign policy goals requires a multiplicity of means that can be likened to instruments in an orchestra." Additionally, he states that "the conduct of full spectrum diplomacy thus involves the proper orchestration of both traditional and public diplomacy in such a fashion that the policies governing each function do not jeopardize the effectiveness of the other."
This collected orchestration becomes a part of what Lenczowski calls an “integrated strategy” defined by "a concept that requires the coordination of all the instruments of statecraft, including military policy, intelligence, counterintelligence, economic policy, etc."
A previous use of this musical ensemble analogy for an instrument of statecraft is found in a World War II Soviet anti-Nazi espionage element commonly known as the Red Orchestra.
Purpose.
The purpose of full spectrum diplomacy is to promote what Lenczowski calls an "influence culture." This environment includes a more versatile diplomatic corps to accompany an increased focus on public diplomacy. It is a comprehensive approach that will employ many of the elements of what Harvard professor Joseph Nye calls soft power and what a number of scholars and government officials refer to as smart power. The influence culture and resulting integrated strategy of the "orchestra" allow for a broader international approach. In lieu of too quickly resorting to hard power such as military action, the engagement of full spectrum diplomacy provides for a variety of possible non-military actions that could pre-empt the need for armed conflict.
Scholars have been calling for this approach to American grand strategy for years. Paul Kennedy writes that the U.S. "needs to integrate its political, economic, and military aims in a coherent fashion, for years of peace as well as the possibility of war." In his book "Soft Power", Joseph Nye asserts that "America's success will depend upon our developing a deeper understanding of the role of soft power and developing a better balance of hard and soft power in our foreign policy.". The resulting "smart power" provides a distinct tie-in to the idea of full spectrum diplomacy. Finally, Professor Colin S. Gray calls for a "fully functioning 'strategy bridge' that binds together, adaptably, the realms of policy and military behavior.".
Use of the concept in academia and journalism.
Though a relatively new term in the lexicon of statecraft, full spectrum diplomacy is already found in reference to contemporary events. In a February 28, 2011 commentary piece from the "U.N. Dispatch", Mark Leon Goldberg references the term in the title: "The Obama Administration’s Full Spectrum Diplomacy on Libya." In defense of the Obama Administration's strategy in the North African nation, he writes that: "After the unanimous passage of a strong Security Council resolution on Libya on Saturday, there appears to be a full spectrum diplomatic push lead by the Obama administration to make sure that the provisions called for in the resolution are swiftly and effectively imposed."
Other references, which occur prior to Lenczowski's initial use of the term, utilize similar terminology or imply the same conceptual framework.
In March 2009 Congressional testimony, George Moose, former U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs, urged the development of a larger and more versatile diplomatic corps:
In a July 2006 article promoting "Full Spectrum Analysis" at the strategic level, Adrian Wolfberg, the director of the Knowledge Laboratory at the Defense Intelligence Agency, wrote that "the warfighter now operates along many lines at once and across a full spectrum of possible actions, either diplomatic, intelligence-driven, military, or economic in nature.

</doc>
<doc id="31049231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049231" title="James Gronninger">
James Gronninger

James Davis Gronninger (January 15, 1880 – January 30, 1944) was an American attorney, baseball player, manager, and league president.
Early years.
Gronninger was born at Lucasville, Ohio in January 1880. His parents John and Rachel Gronninger were both Ohio natives. At the time of the 1900 United States Census, Gronninger was working as a laborer in a rolling mill in Ohio.
University of West Virginia.
Gronninger played college baseball at the University of West Virginia starting no later than 1903. He was the captain of West Virginia's 1906 team. He was a multi-sport athlete at West Virginia and also served as captain of the West Virginia Mountaineers basketball team.
Baseball coach and executive.
Gronninger received his law degree (Bachelor of Laws) from West Virginia in June 1906. He remained in Morgantown, West Virginia as the coach of the school's baseball team. He also served as the manager of the Uniontown Coal Barons in 1906, leading them to a Pennsylvania-Ohio-Maryland League championship. He served as the president of the Class-D Pennsylvania-West Virginia League in 1908 and 1909.
Legal and civil service career.
After retiring from baseball, Gronninger became a lawyer. In 1917, he was the chief clerk in the office of West Virginia Secretary of State. By September 1918, he was the Assistant Secretary of State of West Virginia. In 1921, he had the second highest salary ($2,750) in the Secretary of State's Office behind the Secretary of State. In 1923, he was in charge of enforcing West Virginia's securities laws and prosecuting stock fraud. Gronninger in his later years was a lawyer with a general practice at Charleston, West Virginia. He died at Huntington, West Virginia in January 1944 at age 63.

</doc>
<doc id="31049235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049235" title="Petrovsky (inhabited locality)">
Petrovsky (inhabited locality)

Petrovsky (; masculine), Petrovskaya (; feminine), or Petrovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Modern inhabited localities.
Altai Krai.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Altai Krai bear this name:
Arkhangelsk Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Arkhangelsk Oblast bear this name:
Astrakhan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Astrakhan Oblast bears this name:
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, three rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Belgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Belgorod Oblast bear this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Bryansk Oblast bear this name:
Chelyabinsk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Chelyabinsk Oblast bear this name:
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, five inhabited localities in Ivanovo Oblast bear this name.
Kaliningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaliningrad Oblast bears this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Kaluga Oblast bear this name:
Kemerovo Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kemerovo Oblast bear this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Kirov Oblast bear this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, six rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Krasnodar Krai.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Krasnodar Krai bear this name:
Kurgan Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kurgan Oblast bear this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Kursk Oblast bear this name:
Leningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Leningrad Oblast bear this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Lipetsk Oblast bear this name:
Mari El Republic.
As of 2010, three rural localities in the Mari El Republic bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, thirteen rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novosibirsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Novosibirsk Oblast bear this name:
Orenburg Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Orenburg Oblast bear this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Oryol Oblast bear this name:
Penza Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Penza Oblast bears this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Rostov Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Rostov Oblast bear this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ryazan Oblast bears this name:
Samara Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Samara Oblast bear this name:
Saratov Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Saratov Oblast bear this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name:
Stavropol Krai.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Stavropol Krai bear this name:
Tambov Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Tambov Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Tatarstan.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Republic of Tatarstan bear this name:
Tula Oblast.
As of 2010, nine rural localities in Tula Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, ten rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Ulyanovsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ulyanovsk Oblast bears this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Vladimir Oblast bear this name:
Volgograd Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Volgograd Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, eight rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Voronezh Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Voronezh Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, nine inhabited localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name.

</doc>
<doc id="31049246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049246" title="Nguludi">
Nguludi

Nguludi is a village in southeastern Malawi, several kilometres east of Limbe and Blantyre. During the colonial era it was renowned for its plantations. It is surrounded by Ntonya hills and village in the east; Nguludi(sic) hills in the West whose very bottom is anchored by Mwenye village 2; Nthanyiwa and Chatha villages to its extreme North; Tapara village in the south and Mpira village in the South west. A mission hospital known as St Joseph's Hospital renders both basic and most crucial health services in and around Nguludi. There is also St Joseph's College of Nursing which trains future medical personnel.It also has the biggest church for the Nguludi parish whose out-station churches are: Chitambuli,Mombezi, Nchocholo, St Theresa(aka Sachima,Makunami or ku Senti), Naphiyo,Likhomo, Njuzi and Kwanjana. The mission was established by Missionaries of Africa and the Marist Fathers in 1901. It was ransacked in the Chilembwe Rising of 1915. It also boasts of a small museum which is usually used as an out-station by the Department of Antiquities which is headquartered in Malawi's capital city, Lilongwe. 
Nguludi is in fact divided into three categories as follows: Nguludi Turn Off which is off the Robert Mugabe Highway(the then Midima Road) close to Malabvi CCAP and Primary School. It is also known as Two-by-Two.It is also home to Nguludi Community Day Secondary School and quite a few entertainment circles which are just springing up. 
Further down, soon after Chisombezi River to the extreme right is the Nguludi Montfort. This is, according to the gone elders, where Montfort Press was first established. It is also the home to the Catholic University, Pius XII Seminary, Montfort School for the Deaf, Blind, primary school and a Convent for sisters. Overlooking the school for the deaf football ground is the home to Brothers of Immaculate conception(BIC). This once used to be headed by Brother Tarcisio(fondly, known by the Nguludi denizens as, Burathva Timba simply because of his thin body resembling a certain kind of wild bird). Next to Pius XII is home to a religious sect which used to be headed by Brother Manjankhosi. This sect is famous for maize-mill business .Next to this campus is the home to Brothers of the Frates Immaculate Conception(FIC) which used to be headed by Brother Mathias(fondly, the locals chichewalised his name to Burathva Matiyasi). The FIC brothers were famous for building business. In fact, Brothers Timba and Matiyasi played a great role in the development of Nguludi as it stands today with the help of Brother Herman Tenwolde(RIP)and others. 
The most obvious place referred to as Nguludi(supra) is the one where there is Nguludi Church (the headquarters of Nguludi parish). This is the place where one can find Nguludi Boys and Girls Primary Schools, St Joseph's Hospital and College of Nursing, Roman Catholic fathers' house and a convent; a girls boarding facility, vast forest of blue-gum trees and its surrounding villages.

</doc>
<doc id="31049247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049247" title="Bruno Yizek">
Bruno Yizek

Bruno Yizek (born December 10, 1948) is a Canadian wheelchair curler and Paralympian. 
He competed with the Canadian team at the 2010 Paralympic Games in Vancouver, Canada, where they took the gold medal. He also took gold at the 2011 World Wheelchair Curling Championship in Prague, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="31049257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049257" title="List of To Nisi episodes">
List of To Nisi episodes

"To Nisi" (Greek: "Το Νησί"; English: "The Island") is a Greek television series based on the best-selling English novel "The Island" by Victoria Hislop airing on Mega Channel. The series premiered on 11 October 2010 to record ratings and critical acclaim, and is scheduled for twenty-six episodes. It is one of the most expensive Greek television productions ever with a budget of €4 million. After airing on television, each episode is also available for streaming via Mega Channel's website.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31049263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049263" title="Veterans benefits for post-traumatic stress disorder in the United States">
Veterans benefits for post-traumatic stress disorder in the United States

The United States provides a wide range of benefits for veterans with Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), which was incurred in, or aggravated by, their military service. The United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) will provide benefits to almost all veterans that the VA has determined suffer from PTSD, which developed during, or as a result of, their military service, and which interferes at least to some extent in their ability to work. These benefits not only include tax-free cash payments but can also include free or low-cost mental health treatment and other healthcare; vocational rehabilitation services; employment assistance; independent living support; and more. 
VA disability benefits for PTSD have evolved over time, in response to legislation, scientific advances, political pressure, revised diagnostic classification schemes, regulatory changes, case law, and administrative decisions. Veterans advocacy organizations, researchers, clinicians, politicians, administrators, and citizens will no doubt continue to influence how the United States evaluates, adjudicates, and administers the program. For example, current efforts at change or reform include urging the VA to place more emphasis on vocational rehabilitation and treatment versus cash payments; revising the Rating Formula for Mental Disorders to better reflect problems experienced by veterans with PTSD; establishing a balance between efforts to decrease claims processing time ("productivity") with the need for consistency and accuracy of examination results and rating decisions ("quality"); and considering a veteran's quality of life as a factor in determining the disability rating.
U.S. Veterans Benefits.
Brief history of U.S. Veterans Disability Benefits.
Since the founding of the country, the United States has sought to compensate the men and women who have served in its armed forces. Initially this compensation was given to all veterans as a gratuity payment, i.e., as a 'thank you' for their service. But in 1917, the U.S. Congress initiated a shift in the rationale for compensation away from a gratuity system and toward an indemnity scheme. Since that year, compensation has been provided to veterans suffering from physical or mental disabilities that were incurred during, or aggravated by, military service, and which have adversely impacted the veteran's ability to work. The amount of compensation provided—both cash payments and VA-sponsored services—are based on the veteran's "average impairment in earnings capacity."
Filing an Initial Compensation Claim for PTSD.
This section provides a brief overview of the 8-step claims process; describes how a veteran files an initial claim for PTSD disability benefits; how and why to ask for assistance with filing a claim; and how to locate and select sources for such assistance.
Overview of claims process.
The VA provides a description of the 8-step benefits claims process on its website. This is a brief overview:
1. Claim Received - The veteran has submitted a disability compensation claim in person (e.g., while still on active duty with a VBA (Veterans Benefits Administration) representative visiting his or her base), online (via the Veterans On-Line Application ), or by postal mail to the VBA Regional Office (VARO) assigned to his or her geographical location (legal residence). The VARO sends a letter to the veteran via postal mail confirming receipt of the claim.
2. Under Review - A VSR (Veterans Service Representative ) reviews the information submitted by the veteran to determine if VBA needs any additional evidence (e.g., service medical records) to adjudicate the claim.
3. Gathering of Evidence - VA has a legal obligation to help veterans obtain any evidence that will support their claim. For example, the VSR might request a veteran's military personnel records (e.g., to confirm unit assignments), Social Security disability records (if the veteran applied for Social Security disability benefits), or private medical records. The veteran can also obtain such records and submit them to the VBA Regional Office handling his or her claim. If necessary, the VSR will request a Compensation and Pension examination (C&P exam) at this time.
4. Review of Evidence - An RVSR (Ratings Veterans Service Representative) makes sure that all relevant evidence has been obtained, and, if so, renders a decision regarding the veteran's claim. The RVSR refers in part to the General Rating Formula for Mental Disorders when making this determination.
5. Preparation for Decision - It is not clear how this step differs from the previous step. The exact quote from the VA website is: "The Veterans Service Representative they mean the "Ratings" Veterans Service Representative has recommended a decision, and is preparing required documents detailing that decision. If more evidence is required, the claim will be sent back in the process for more information or evidence."
6. Pending Decision Approval - Approval by a supervisor.
7. Preparation for Notification - Preparing the "claim decision packet" (Decision Letter and explanatory materials).
8. Complete - VBA mails the "claim decision packet" to the veteran.
Benefits application procedures.
To begin the disability claim process, a veteran must submit an application to the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), an organizational element of the VA. The VBA, based on their review of medical and psychological evidence, must conclude that the veteran indeed suffers from service-connected PTSD. Reaching such a determination usually requires that the veteran receive a Compensation and Pension examination (C&P exam), which is a forensic mental health evaluation conducted by a psychologist or psychiatrist at a local VA medical facility or by a psychologist or psychiatrist in independent practice who conducts evaluations for a VA-contracted private vendor. 
A veteran can apply for compensation benefits him or herself by filling out VA Form 21-526, "Veterans Application for Compensation and/or Pension" and mailing it to their local Veterans Benefits Administration Regional Office, often referred to as the "VARO" (VA Regional Office). Note that VA Form 21-526 and the accompanying instructions are quite detailed, which is probably why the VA recommends that veterans take advantage of expert assistance from specially trained Veterans Service Officers (see next section).
A veteran may also file a disability benefits claim online using the Veterans On-Line Application (VONAPP) System.
Obtaining Assistance with Filing a Disability Compensation Claim.
Veterans may receive assistance with filing a VA disability compensation claim from Veterans Service Officers, also known as "VSO Representatives" or "Veterans Service Representatives", especially when they are affiliated with a nonprofit Veterans Service Organization.
Note in this regard that the VA specifically recommends that veterans ask a Veterans Service Officer to help them file a disability compensation claim. Here is a quote from the VA website, which explains why the VA makes this recommendation:
VA encourages individuals who are applying for disability compensation to work with an accredited representative ... to assist them... Being accredited means organizations and individuals must have VA permission to represent Veterans before the Department in their claims for VA benefits. The purpose of this requirement is to ensure that Veterans have qualified and competent representation. These individuals receive specialized training in VA benefits law and procedure. 
Although at least one prominent veterans advocate recommends that "...veterans file their own claims without the assistance of any sort of representative...except for an appeal" (see Post-Adjudication Representation, below, for information regarding legal representation for appeals).
The next two sections briefly describe the two types of Veterans Service Officers.
County Veterans Service Officers.
County Veterans Service Officers are public employees of their State's (or Territory's) veterans affairs agency. They are often called "County Veterans Service Officers," because a majority of the states have set up local veterans affairs offices in each of the state's counties.
Veterans Service Officers Associated with Nonprofit Veterans Service Organizations.
Many not-for-profit Veterans Service Organizations recruit, train, and support their own Veterans Service Officers to help veterans file claims and navigate the claims process. In order to represent a veteran before the VA, the Veterans Service Organization must either have been Chartered by the U.S. Congress or have received official approval from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to represent veterans in the disability compensation claims process.
As noted above, these Veterans Service Officers are sometimes called "VSO Representatives".
Although to make matters somewhat confusing, the VA sometimes refers to "both" County Veterans Service Officers "and "VSO Representatives as "Veterans Service Organizations (VSO) Representatives" or "VSO Representatives." For example, if you conduct an "Accreditation Search" on the VA website and search for a "VSO Representative," the search results will list both County Veterans Service Officers and VSO Representatives.
Selecting a Veterans Service Officer.
Veterans may select either type of Veterans Service Officer to help them file their disability compensation claim(s). After the veteran selects his or her Veterans Service Officer, he or she completes VA Form 21-22, "Appointment of Veterans Service Organization as Claimant's Representative" and submits it to the Veterans Benefits Administration. (Note that for the purposes of Form 21-22, a State or Territory veterans affairs agency is considered to be a "Veterans Service Organization"). This appointment authorization gives the Veterans Service Officer legal authority to represent the veteran's interest in communications with VBA and any other related agencies or organizations involved in the disability benefits claims process.
After VA Form 21-22 has been received and accepted by the Veterans Benefits Administration, the Veterans Service Officer helps the veteran file the initial disability compensation claim. Subsequent to filing the claim, the Service Officer may also engage in a variety of other, related, activities on behalf of the veteran, for example, calling the Veterans Benefits Administration to inquire about the status of a veteran's claim, or appearing with a veteran when meeting with VBA officials, or helping the veteran understand the Compensation and Pension (C&P) examination process.
The veteran does not pay a Veterans Service Officer for their services. The Service Officers are either state employees, employees of a Veterans Service Organization, or are volunteers for a Veterans Service Organization.
Post-Adjudication Representation.
If a veteran is not satisfied with the VBA's decision regarding their compensation claim, they may appeal the decision, and they may ask to be represented by an accredited "attorney" or "claims agent" in the appeals process. Veterans usually appeal a decision because their claim was either denied outright or because they believe that the disability rating assigned by the VBA is incorrect.
Note that the VA does not require a veteran to be represented by an attorney or claims agent. In addition, Veterans Service Officers may assist a veteran through the appeals process (although he or she is usually not an attorney so may not be as familiar with legal proceedings, relevant case law, legal strategies, etc.).
VA prohibits attorneys or claims agents from charging a veteran for professional services prior to the adjudication of the veteran's claim. A veteran may contract with an attorney or claims agent to represent them in an appeal only after the following three conditions have been met:
Unless they agree to work on a "pro bono" basis, attorneys and claims agents who represent veterans before the Veterans Benefits Administration, Board of Veterans Appeals, and Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims require payment for their services. In most instances, the veteran and attorney (or claims agent) submit a signed payment agreement with the VA Office of General Counsel, which stipulates that the attorney will receive payment directly from the VA after the veteran's claim has been adjudicated, if the adjudicator awards service-connected disability compensation to the veteran. The amount of the attorney's fee is based on a percentage of the lump sum "back pay" compensation issued to the veteran by the VA.
Accredited Attorneys.
Attorneys who wish to represent veterans in proceedings before the agency of original jurisdiction (the Veterans Benefits Administration), the Board of Veterans Appeals, or the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, must first receive accreditation from the VA General Counsel. The attorney begins the process by submitting an "Application for Accreditation as a Claims Agent or Attorney" (VA Form 21a).
Claims Agents.
Accredited claims agents must submit an application to the VA General Counsel, which includes submitting the names and contact information of three character references; pass a written examination; and complete three hours of qualifying continuing legal education (CLE) within 12 months of their initial accreditation.
The Disability Rating.
General Rating Formula for Mental Disorders.
If an RSVR determines that a veteran indeed suffers from service-connected PTSD, then he or she assigns a disability rating, expressed as a percentage. This disability rating determines the amount of compensation and other disability benefits the VA will give to the veteran. The disability rating indicates the extent to which PTSD has deprived the veteran of his or her "average earnings capacity". A rating of 0% means that a veteran has PTSD but the disorder has not affected his or her ability to work, whereas a 100% rating indicates that the veteran is not capable of working at all because of PTSD. 
The VA assigns disability ratings for PTSD according to the "General Rating Formula for Mental Disorders" (38 C.F.R. §4.130), which specifies criteria for disability ratings of 0%, 10%, 30%, 50%, 70%, or 100%.
Some argue that by relying on the current "Rating Formula", "VA uses decades-old regulations developed for mental disorders that do not resemble PTSD", and, consequently, "rrelevant criteria ... may outweigh ... more relevant factors, leading VA to undercompensate veterans with valid diagnoses of PTSD." Similarly, veterans service organizations have argued, for example, that a "...veteran service connected for schizophrenia and another veteran service connected for another psychiatric disorder should not be evaluated using the same general formula" and have supported efforts to revise the "Rating Formula".
Requests for an Increased Disability Rating.
A veteran currently receiving compensation for service-connected PTSD may request in increase in his or her disability rating (the VA also refers to this as an increased disability "evaluation", although increased disability "rating" is more common) for one of three reasons: 1) Perceived error; 2) Worsening symptoms and functioning; or 3) Individual unemployability.
A veteran must present "new evidence" in order to request an increase in his or her disability rating. This "new evidence" almost always takes the form of greater symptom severity and functional impairment and/or individual unemployability. Since the veteran's "lay testimony" (self-report) is generally accepted for such purposes, it is usually not difficult for a veteran to request an increase in his or her disability rating.
Due to Perceived Error.
A veteran may request an increased rating if he or she believes that their initial rating was in error, i.e., it was not high enough. If a veteran requests an increased rating for this reason within the first year after the rating decision, it is considered to be an appeal of the VBA's rating decision. If a Veteran does not appeal the initial rating decision within one year, then he or she technically must request an increased rating due to worsening symptoms and a deterioration in functioning, even if their "real" reason is because they believe the initial rating decision was a mistake.
Due to Worsening Symptoms and Functioning.
As noted above, if a veteran believes that his or her condition has worsened, he or she may request an increased disability rating. 
Due to Individual Unemployability.
If a veteran believes that PTSD, either or alone or in combination with other service-connected disabilities (e.g., diabetes, a back injury, chronic pain, etc.), renders him or her incapable of pursuing and retaining gainful employment, and he or she meets the eligibility requirements, then he or she may file a compensation claim based on unemployability using VA Form 21-8940.
Important Definitions.
Traumatic Stressor.
Dr. Matthew J. Friedman of the National Center for PTSD notes that:
PTSD is unique among psychiatric diagnoses because of the great importance placed upon the etiological agent, the "traumatic stressor". In fact, one cannot make a PTSD diagnosis unless the patient has actually met the "stressor criterion," which means that he or she has been exposed to an historical event that is considered traumatic.
A "traumatic stressor" is an event that meets Criterion A of the DSM-IV diagnostic criteria for PTSD. Criterion A reads as follows:
The person has been exposed to a traumatic event in which both of the following have been present:
A1. The person has experienced, witnessed, or been confronted with an event or events that involve actual or threatened death or serious injury, or a threat to the physical integrity of oneself or others.
A2. The person's response involved intense fear,helplessness, or horror.
Note that Criterion A2 was removed for DSM-5, and the wording of Criterion A was changed as follows:
The person was exposed to: death, threatened death, actual or threatened serious injury, or actual or threatened sexual violence, as follows: (one required) 
1. Direct exposure. 
2. Witnessing, in person. 
3. Indirectly, by learning that a close relative or close friend was exposed to trauma. If the event involved actual or threatened death, it must have been violent or accidental. 
4. Repeated or extreme indirect exposure to aversive details of the event(s), usually in the course of professional duties (e.g., first responders, collecting body parts; professionals repeatedly exposed to details of child abuse). This does not include indirect non-professional exposure through electronic media, television, movies, or pictures.
The VA transitioned to using DSM-5 for clinical (treatment) purposes on 1 November 2013, and for forenisic (C&P examination) purposes on 1 December 2013. However, the regulations governing PTSD disability compensation specifically reference DSM-IV and those regulations have not yet been updated. Therefore, VA has instructed C&P examiners to first determine if a Veteran meets DSM-5 criteria for a PTSD diagnosis, and, if not, to then determine if he or she meets DSM-IV diagnostic criteria for PTSD. Presumably, veterans will be considered service-connected for PTSD if either set of criteria are met, although this is a new area of veterans law so firm conclusions cannot yet be made.
Service-Connection.
The term, "service-connected", means that a veteran has a disease or injury that is "connected" to his or her military service, i.e., the disease or injury was incurred in, or aggravated by, his or her military service. 
The official definition in the Code of Federal Regulations begins:
Service connection connotes many factors but basically it means that the facts, shown by evidence, establish that a particular injury or disease resulting in disability was incurred coincident with service in the Armed Forces, or if preexisting such service, was aggravated therein.
The relationship between service connection and access to VA healthcare is emphasized in this definition: "'Service connected' veterans are those with documented, compensative conditions related to or aggravated by military service, and they receive priority for enrollment into the Veterans Affairs (VA) health care system." 
Types of Service-Connection.
There are four types of service connection: "direct", "secondary", "aggravated", and "presumptive". The present article is primarily concerned with "direct" service connection, since that is by far the most common type for soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, or coast guardsmen suffering from PTSD.
Examples of Direct Service-Connection for PTSD.
As noted, the vast majority of veterans with PTSD have a "direct" service-connection, i.e., they developed PTSD as a direct result of a traumatic stressor (or stressors) they endured during their military service. Traumatic stressors can be:
These are the most common situations involving traumatic stressors that can lead to direct service connection for PTSD, but it is not an exhaustive list.
Also, note that a service member is still considered to be enrolled in military service even if he or she is not performing specific military duties at the time they are injured (e.g., if they are injured at their home on their day off, that injury, if it results in a permanent disability, would in most instances be considered service-connected).
Types of Military Service.
The regulations describe three categories of military service, "active duty", "active duty for training", and "inactive duty training". These categories and their very specific definitions would be particularly relevant to a veteran who, for example, experienced a traumatic stressor that led to PTSD during a period of training for the Reserves or National Guard.
And there are some types of military service which are defined as falling under one of the three categories that might not occur to many people, such as the fact that the definition of "active duty" military service includes "service at any time as a cadet at the United States Military, Air Force, or Coast Guard Academy, or as a midshipman at the United States Naval Academy." - 38 CFR § 3.6(b)(4). Thus, a midshipman who was sexually assaulted and developed PTSD would, when he or she left the Navy, qualify for VA benefits.
And there are other specifications in this set of regulations (38 CFR § 3.6) that one would never anticipate, such as the fact that the definition of "active duty for training" includes National Guard soldiers who participated in the reenactment of the Battle of First Manassas in July 1961 (38 CFR § 3.6(c) (3)).
"In Line of Duty" and Exceptions.
""In line of duty" means an injury or disease incurred or aggravated during a period of active military, naval, or air service unless such injury or disease was the result of the veteran’s own willful misconduct or ... was a result of his or her abuse of alcohol or drugs." The most important point here is that there are exceptions to the general rule that injuries or diseases incurred in, or aggravated by, military service are eligible for disability compensation benefits. Veterans who have questions about eligibility for VA benefits because of willful misconduct, alcohol or other drug abuse, or discharge status (see the next section), or other factors (see the regulation referenced above), can consult with a Veterans Service Officer in their area and/or contact the VBA Regional Office closest to their home for assistance.
Discharge Status.
In order to be eligible for VA benefits, a veteran must have been discharged under "other than dishonorable conditions". Stated differently, if a veteran received a Bad Conduct Discharge or a Dishonorable Discharge they will, under most circumstances, not be eligible for VA benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="31049291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049291" title="CL-HTTP">
CL-HTTP

CL-HTTP is a web server, client and proxy written in Common Lisp. It is based on its own web application framework. It was written by John C. Mallery "in about 10 days" starting in 1994 on a Symbolics Lisp Machine. In the same year a port to Macintosh Common Lisp was done. In 1996 CL-HTTP became the first web server to support the HTTP 1.1 protocol. It runs on Unix, Linux, BSD variants, Mac OS X, Solaris, Symbolics Genera and Microsoft Windows.
CL-HTTP makes extensive use of the Common Lisp Object System and the macro capabilities of Lisp.
Usage.
CL-HTTP has been used in several applications. ELM-ART is a tutoring system written in Common Lisp using CL-HTTP.
It was later commercialized as NetCoach.
InterBook is an early adaptive electronic text book, also written on top of CL-HTTP.
Cl-HTTP has been used very early as a tool to create web interfaces for applications.
In 1994, CL-HTTP was used by the W3C and other members of the IETF HTTP working group to develop reference clients and servers for HTTP 1.1.
Most prominently, CL-HTTP was used during the presidency of Bill Clinton as the web server for the White House Publications web site. It distributed the daily press releases and official publications of the Clinton Administration.
CL-HTTP is an example of a non-trivial Lisp application.

</doc>
<doc id="31049304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049304" title="Metallomics (journal)">
Metallomics (journal)

Metallomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles on all aspects of the growing research field of metallomics. It is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry. Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access.
The editor-in-chief of "Metallomics" is May Copsey. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2009 immediacy index of 0.755. The journal's impact factor for 2012 is 4.099.
Subject coverage.
"Metallomics" covers all research areas that are related to the research field of metallomics, including chemical speciation in biological systems, accumulation and metabolism of metals in biological systems, the interaction of metallodrugs, including chemotherapy agents, with biological organisms, metal exchange between biota and the environment and 
certified reference materials for biological applications.
Article types.
"Metallomics" publishes the following types of articles: Research Papers (original scientific work); Communications (preliminary accounts that merit urgent publication); and Reviews (invited personal accounts or critical analyses of specialist areas).
Abstracting and indexing.
"Metallomics" is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="31049316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049316" title="Olímpico Clube">
Olímpico Clube

Olímpico Clube, commonly known as Olímpico, is a Brazilian football club based in Manaus, Amazonas state. They won the Campeonato Amazonense three times.
History.
The club was founded on October 17, 1938. Olímpico won the Campeonato Amazonense in 1944, 1947, and in 1967.
Stadium.
Olímpico Clube play their home games at Estádio Parque Amazonense. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31049319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049319" title="Herman VIII">
Herman VIII

Herman or Hermann VIII may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049320" title="White Fence">
White Fence

White Fence, also known by the acronym WF, is one of the oldest East Los Angeles street gangs. They also sometimes use the name Cerco Blanco which is Spanish for White Fence. In East L.A. White Fence was also called Pachucos.
History.
White Fence is an old established neighborhood in Boyle Heights adjoined to East Los Angeles. Even though the gang claims it goes back to 1911, the gang did not emerge until the 1930s when it started as a male sports team associated with the La Purissima Church. It soon developed into a notorious street gang in Los Angeles. At first it was called La Purissima Crowd, but gradually changed its name to White Fence, after the white picket fence that surrounded La Purissima Church. At a time when racism plagued the area, the name Fence could also be interpreted as a symbolic barrier between the white residents in the area and the Hispanic residents of the neighborhood. During the 1950s and 1960s, White Fence was considered one of the most violent and powerful gangs in East Los Angeles. The rivalry between the gang and another Hispanic gang, Maravilla, is one of the longest, ongoing feuds in all of Los Angeles. Over the years White Fence has had a number of members in the Mexican Mafia. Ernest "Kilroy" Roybal, Gilbert "Lil Mo" Ruiz, which was sponsored for membership in La Eme by Rene "Boxer" Enriquez, who said "Lil Mo" didn't hesitate to kill when you asked him", and Daniel "Black Dan" Barela was one of the most prominent members to ever be in the gang, he had a "kill first-talk-about-it-later attitude", according to a detective.
Location.
The original barrio of White Fence was Boyle Heights, Los Angeles. Eventually the gang expanded to South/West/North Los Angeles, San Fernando Valley, Santa Clarita Valley, the San Gabriel Valley and other areas across the country. They have also been established in Mexico and Guatemala in Central America. Since the 1930s there have been over 15 different cliques that have come and gone.
Culture.
White Fence members use the numbers 2306, the 23 for the letter W and the 06 for the letter F respectively. They are also known for wearing Los Angeles Dodgers, Wake Forest, Oakland Raiders gear. Brown and white colors are favored by members, as well as the color blue. The symbols, XIII, X3, 13, and 3-dots are to pay homage to their Sureño allegiance. White Fence has over 700 members and associates in North America and Parts of Central America. White Fence was initially all Hispanic, but other ethnic groups have managed to gain membership into the gang in recent decades. White Fence is very territorial and has a strong sense of community that exists even today.
Criminal activities.
By 1939, The "Los Angeles Times" was writing articles about the "White Fence Gang" while reporting on the murder of 2 males whose bodies were left along Whittier Blvd. These would only be the first of many gang crimes committed by White Fence. In August 1942, after the murder of Jose Diaz in a case known as Sleepy Lagoon murder in southeast Los Angeles, California, riots sprung around the city. The riots also became the precursor to the Zoot Suit Riots of 1943 with the White Fence becoming one of many hispanic gangs in Los Angeles area to participate. The riots started when Mexican-American "Pachucos" were beaten up by American sailors and Marines during the height of World War II. The excuse the servicemen used for starting the attacks against the Latin "zoot suiters" was that the Mexican Americans were "unpatriotic" and the Americans needed to confront them in "self-defense". White Fence was the first gang in East Los Angeles to use firearms, chains and other dangerous weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="31049321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049321" title="RC Innsbruck">
RC Innsbruck

RC Innsbruck is an Austrian rugby club in Innsbruck, founded in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31049323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049323" title="St. Nicholas' Church, Aue">
St. Nicholas' Church, Aue

The Evangelical-Lutheran parish church of St. Nicholas () in Aue is a Neo-Gothic hall church of the Evangelical Lutheran State Church of Saxony in the Saxon Ore Mountains and the tallest building in the town.
History.
Aue, whose origin is closely linked to the abbey of abbey of Zelle founded in 1173, was first mentioned as an independent church parish in 1286 and was looked after by Augustinian canons regular until the Reformation. The first church building, of which no details have been passed down, was located on the former church square, the "Kirchplatz" (the present "Neumarkt"), and was replaced by a new building between 1625 and 1628. On 4 August 1633 this building, together with a large part of the town, was destroyed in a raid by imperial troops. By 1636 the church had been temporarily rebuilt. In 1639 the new pulpit was consecrated and, in 1643, the new bells. In 1648 the church was given a new baptismal font as a present from a married couple from Auerhammer. In the following year the townsfolk of Aue donated a new altar table. Its first organ was installed around 1654. When the old St. Nicholas' Church fell into disrepair at the end of the 19th century and became too small for the rapidly growing population, the parish council decided to have a new church built and had the old building demolished in 1895. The area was grassed and planted with chestnut trees. A stone ball that had adorned the entrance of the old building, was placed on a stele and was given a place in the Luther Park, the former churchyard behind the new building.
After the parish of Aue had donated 27,500 marks (ℳ) in 1885 for the new St. Nicholas' Church and after protracted negotiations, a site was chosen in 1889 that dominated all other buildings in the town. This proved to be difficult from an engineering perspective because the nature of the soil was partly rocky and partly sandy and there were old mineshafts and a gallery, part of an old mine, under the site.
The ceremonial laying of the foundation stone took place on 27 July 1891 with the participation of a large number of the population and, a year later, the "Hebefeier" was celebrated. On 4 December 1892 the three bells in B flat major, cast by G. A. Jauck in Leipzig and which weighed together 5,055 kg, were inaugurated. The bells from the old St. Nicholas' Church were exchanged for them in payment. After the interior had been completed the church was opened on 2 September 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="31049333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049333" title="Pithiness">
Pithiness


</doc>
<doc id="31049346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049346" title="Pithy">
Pithy


</doc>
<doc id="31049354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049354" title="I'm Down (book)">
I'm Down (book)

"I'm Down" is a memoir by the American author Mishna Wolff, originally published by St. Martin's Press in 2009. In the book she relates her experience of being white while growing up in a predominantly African-American neighborhood and having a different financial situation and culture than the other white children than the ones at her upper class, private school filled with mostly white kids. She fights for acceptance in her neighborhood as she is perceived as "too white" while she struggles with acceptance (and accepting others) in her prestigious school. Mishna has trouble dealing with bullying from her peers, meeting the expectations her father sets for her (no matter how unusual they seem), the pressure she puts on herself, and learning who she is while society is pushing and pulling her into what they want her to be. She competes with the children in her neighborhood to be the funniest, the meanest, and the toughest while she strives to be rich, successful, and seemingly carefree like her school friends. When she returns home to her father and his any girlfriends and potential wives, she suppresses her school side to impress her father, while at her mom's house and at school she suppresses her neighborhood life to appeal to her mother. The theme of the book is the conflict she faces as she discovers two very different cultures and how they clash in her own life while she is stressed to discover herself as well. She spends the book (her life) trying to figure out which culture, which household, which side of the family she belonged to.
Plot summary.
Mishna Wolff is a little girl growing up in two households of divorced parents with two very different personalities and cultures. Her Father lives in Seattle in a place called Rainier Valley. Rainier Valley is considered to be the ghetto of the area that they are living in and Mishna has a difficult time making friends. Primarily because she is white. So are her father and mother. Her father, however, grew up with black friends in a black neighborhood and basically grew up black. His only friends were black and if you asked, he would probably tell you he was black. This set up Mishna for an interesting childhood as she watched Anora, her sister, make more friends with people on their street then Mishna could understand.
As Mishna was forced farther from home and more into the arms of her neighbors by her father, she came to realize very quickly what it was they didn't like about her. The color of her skin posed problem to the small, black children at her daycare center who already had a hundred racist slang words for her. She slowly found a way to fit in through jokes and mean words that her daycare peers spread like manners (please's and thank you's). She learned how to "cap", which is just a fancier way of saying that one must throw insults at another person while everyone else listens and laughs along. "Cappin'" was Mishna's way of fitting in, and it worked, but from then on she was forced to constantly prove to everyone else she was "worthy" of hanging with the black crowd.
Mishna also has a great moral compass and has a difficult time watching her sister, who has many more friends than she does and the approval of their father-which she longs for -, make bad decisions over and over. She has a harder time watching her sister being praised for them instead of punished, which is what Mishna finds appropriate. her sister shop lifts, plays tug-of-war with doors at school, and even gets caught smoking at a young age and her father laughs it off saying every time, "She learned her lesson." even though it's obvious that Anora learned nothing from it. Mishna learned how to watch herself and keep herself in line and when she didn't she normally knew the right decision, she just chose not to make it.
While Mishna was struggling with fitting in and living at home, she had to come to terms with the fact that her father was getting girlfriends and meeting new women. Mishna met a few of them, like Dominique. Dominique was a woman who seemed to love kids the first few times she met Anora and Mishna but quickly she took of her mask and showed everyone her true colors. She disliked kids and she told them every chance she got. This is something children of divorced parents might have to deal with over time but this was just another weight on Mishna's shoulders.
As Mishna got older, people began to see that she was not challenged in school. Her mother looked into a better school for her and found IPP, Individual Progression Program. At IPP each student is given tasks that they have to complete in their own time in their own way, as long as they are done. This is also the place where Mishna makes her first interaction with upper class white children from rich families. These kids tear her apart just as much as the black children in her neighborhood did because she is poor and not as well of as the rest of them. While she tries to fit in with the upper class white kids at her new school, she struggles with keeping the personality and friendships that she has made with the people and situations she been in in the past. Her father and neighborhood friends can see her changing and they don't like it.
When Dominique stops coming around the Wolff household and they stop going over to her house, Mishna wonders what's happened to her. Not long after, however, her father finds a new women named Yvonne to mingle with. Yvonne takes it upon herself to keep Mishna from the tomboy looks that she has and decides she will turn her into a woman. Yvonne and Mishna's father eventually get married and that's when Yvonne gets vicious with Mishna and treats her terribly until she will start supporting herself financially. Yvonne also accuses Mishna of being a racist and that really hits Mishna hard because she doesn't see herself as one but Yvonne's persistence begins to convince her of otherwise.
As Mishna spends more and more time with her white friends, she becomes more and more envious of their home lives full of endless presents and infinite amounts of alone time with their many possessions.Mishna just can't seem to understand why they are so unhappy with their lives. Mishna learns, slowly but surely, that materials aren't everything and there are different kind of problems other than being hungry and being poor. Being rich has its issues as well and you need love from your family just as much as you need food in your belly or a shelter over your head. She also has to accept that happiness is a to harder to achieve than it seems.
The pressure of seeing what lives her school friends have set up for them gives Mishna unrealistic ideas of how life works. She only seems the extremes: extreme wealthy and extreme poverty. her mother has to sit her down and talk to her about how unrealistic those thoughts really are and that even if she doesn't go to such prestigious colleges as her friends go to, that doesn't mean she's going to end up living on the street or never get a job in her life like she assumes. Mishna's head is slightly in the clouds because she is only exposed to these two extremes, so she doesn't see the other possibilities that are in store for her.
Mishna's father puts her through several different sports so she can make friends and also so that she can find something she is truly good at. After a few incidents during track season and an interesting basketball season, she finally finds her calling: swimming. Mishna swims competitively and she's really good at it and she loves it because her father knows nothing about it. She and her swim team get together and swim Lake Washington. Mishna is a fast swimmer and she knows that she can get across with ease, even though its a very long swim. She is distraught when her father says he's going to swim with her and her swim team. He wants to do it so they can do something together and keep their relationship going even though she moved out of his home. She becomes worried that her dad will not make it across the lake and decides to sacrifice her chance to swim so that he won't tire himself out trying to keep up with her. She gets out of the lake and into the help boat, swallowing her pride, and watches her dad swim the rest of the way. 
Afterward, her dad takes her and her sister to McDonald's. As Mishna leaves to go back home with her mother she notices a look in her dad's eyes that shows her that he has always and will always love her.

</doc>
<doc id="31049358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049358" title="Sondre Lerche (album)">
Sondre Lerche (album)

Sondre Lerche is the self-titled sixth album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Sondre Lerche. According to Lerche's official website the new album contains a "raw, spontaneous, instinctive and heartfelt sound" and features collaborations with Midlake drummer McKenzie Smith, longtime producer Kato Ådland, Jupiter One drummer Dave Heilman, and co-producer, mixer and studio owner Nicolas Verhnes (Spoon, Animal Collective).
Track listing.
Amazon.com bonus track
iTunes Store bonus track
Reception.
In New York's "Daily News", Lerche spoke of the city's influence on his writing:
"Rolling Stone" gave "Sondre Lerche" 3 out of 5 stars:
"Entertainment Weekly" gave "Sondre Lerche" a grade of 'A-':
SPIN rated "Sondre Lerche" 8 out of 10:

</doc>
<doc id="31049367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049367" title="Gisela Elsner">
Gisela Elsner

Gisela Elsner (2 May 1937, Nuremberg, Middle Franconia - May 13, 1992, Munich) was a German writer. She won the Prix Formentor in 1964 for her novel "Die Riesenzwerge" ("The Dwarf Giant", Rowohlt, (Gallimard), 1961).
Life.
From 1959 she went to Vienna to study philosophy, Germanic letters and drama. Then she lived as a freelance writer in various places: Lake Starnberg, Frankfurt, from 1963 to 1964 in Rome, from 1964 to 1970 in London, then in Paris, Hamburg, New York and finally in Munich.
She was among the members of "Group 47", which also included Günter Grass and Heinrich Böll.
The touch ban.
In her 1970 novel "Berührungsverbot" ("The touch ban" or "The prohibition of contact"), several couples try to transcend the limits of the bourgeois sexual mores of their middle-class background by engaging in group sex orgies. In Switzerland a journal that published excerpts from the novel was seized, and in Austria it was attacked as harmful to children.

</doc>
<doc id="31049373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049373" title="George Weber">
George Weber

George Weber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049403" title="Cedar Falls Ice House">
Cedar Falls Ice House

The Cedar Falls Ice House is an historic structure located in Cedar Falls, Iowa, United States. It was built in 1921 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1977. The building currently serves as the Ice House Museum.
History.
The first ice house in Cedar Falls was built in 1858 near the homestead of William Sturgis, the first permanent resident of Black Hawk County. It was destroyed in a fire on October 22, 1921. Hugh Smith, who owned Cedar Falls Ice and Fuel Company, made plans for the present structure. It was completed in November 1921. The first ice harvest began on January 10, 1922. The building served as an ice house from 1922 until Smith lost his business in 1934. Cedar Falls Trust and Savings Bank took over the building. It was used as a livestock barn and later was flooded for ice skating. In 1938 the city of Cedar Falls purchased the building and leased it to the Cedar Falls Boat Club. They occupied the building until 1976 when the building was condemned. That year the Cedar Falls Historical Society decided to save the structure. After a successful fund-raising campaign the building was renovated beginning in 1978, and the Ice House Museum opened on June 24, 1979. The building was damaged in a 2008 flood.
Architecture.
The building is a true round barn structure that measures 100 feet (30.5 m) around and 30 feet (9 m) high. It is constructed of hollow clay tiles and features and aerator and a two-pitch roof. The roof is supported by a center pole and the walls of the structure. When used as an ice house it could hold between 6,000 and 8,000 tons of ice.

</doc>
<doc id="31049404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049404" title="Never to Be Forgotten">
Never to Be Forgotten

Never To Be Forgotten was the third album by Eddie Cochran and the second album posthumously released in the US after Cochran's death in 1960.
Content.
The album was released by Liberty Records in January 1962 with catalogue number LRP 3220.
Cover versions.
"Nervous Breakdown" was covered by Wanda Jackson for her 2011 album "The Party Ain't Over".
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="31049427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049427" title="Chateau Chantal">
Chateau Chantal

Chateau Chantal is a winery located on the Old Mission Peninsula, only a few miles north of Traverse City, in Grand Traverse County, Michigan. The chateau sits atop one of the highest points on the Old Mission Peninsula and has stunning views of both East and West arms of Grand Traverse Bay. The winery is a European style chateau on a estate. Chantal is in an official American Viticultural Area, one of only four in Michigan, a state that specializes in vinifera, hybrid and native grape varieties. The Chateau has a tasting room, an eleven-room bed and breakfast, and a hospitality room where cooking classes and Jazz at Sunset are hosted.
History.
While Chateau Chantal was not incorporated until 1991, its history began in December 1983, when Robert and Nadine Begin formed Begin Orchards and purchased 60 acres of cherry orchards on the company's current site. Between 1984 and 1991, the Begins cleared much of this land, planted various grapes varieties and purchased additional land. In July 1990, Mr. Begin received a Special Use Permit from the Peninsula Township to operate the Chateau. In June 1991, the company was incorporated and in 1993 construction of the Chateau was completed. July 2003 saw the completion of an expansion which added eight B&B units to the original three, and a Hospitality Room equipped for executive retreats and events. In late 2010, Chantal finished its second major expansion adding onto its cellar and tasting room. The addition adds to the cellar, a tasting room addition, and patio space located on the roof of the cellar for seasonal use.
Argentina.
Chantal purchased a vineyard in Argentina in 2003 to be able to offer a bold red wine to their lineup. The vineyard is in the province of Mendoza, Argentina. The proper name of the South American Vineyard is Chateau Chantal SA and it grows Malbec and Bonarda. Bonarda is a widely planted grape variety in Argentina used to make red wines. Malbec grapes are known for their robust tannins, and are thought of as being the grape of Argentina.
Founders Robert and Nadine Begin.
Robert was a Roman Catholic priest for twelve years and Nadine, a former Felician Sister. The two went their separate ways from serving in the church and were married in 1974. They remain devout to their faith. Mr. Begin did post graduate studies in low income housing under a one-year Ford Foundation Grant in the late 1960s. Further, Mr. Begin studied with the Smaller Company Management Program at the Baker School of Business, Harvard University, during the early 1970s. In 1972, he headed a construction business in the Detroit area. As a nun, Nadine earned a Master’s Degree in Home Economics and taught for 22 years. From 1972 to 1983, Mr. Begin served as the CEO of Matvest, Inc., a construction management company with operations in nine major cities at the time of his resignation. He has been the sole proprietor of Begin Orchards since 1983. In 1991 the company was renamed Chateau Chantal after their daughter Marie-Chantal Begin. Mr. Begin is the company's founder and Chairman of the Board. Nadine wrote the book "Feed my Lambs, Feed my Sheep - The Meals and Memories of a Lifetime." This book is half cookbook half memoir. Nadine is an accomplished cook and prepares many of the meals in the B&B herself. The book outlines her life story from growing up on a farm, joining the convent, marrying Bob and starting a family, and starting a winery in Northern Michigan. The book is filled with photos, prose, poetry and family recipes that she picked up in her journey that began in 1932. 
Chateau Chantal as a Corporation.
The Company was incorporated in 1991.
Governance.
The company is governed by a five to nine member Board of Directors. Directors are elected by majority vote of shareholders voting at the company's annual meeting.
Winemakers.
Mark B. Johnson.
Johnson is the WineMaker and also the Vice President. His responsibilities include overseeing Chantal's grape growing and wine production and distribution marketing. Mr. Johnson received his B.A. degree in social work from Michigan State University in 1974. In 1983, he received a degree in Viticulture and Enology at the Federal Research Station and Institute in Geisenheim, Germany. From 1983 to 1993, Mr. Johnson was employed as a winemaker at Chateau Grand Traverse, a local winery. His employment with the Chateau Chantal began in 1993.
Brian Hosmer.
Hosmer was hired as a WineMaker at Chateau Chantal in 2007. Hosmer was born in Flint, and is a graduate of Michigan State University in Resource Development, he switched his area of study to winemaking and viticulture after several teaching-assistant positions in France, Spain and Belgium—where he learned to appreciate wine. Hosmer went through the two-year wine/viticulture program at MSU.
Speciality Wines.
Ice Wine.
On years when weather permits Chantal preserves a portion of the Riesling grapes to be harvested after the first hard freeze. Ice wine was first produced in Michigan in 1983 by Mark Johnson, who was working at Chateau Grand Traverse at the time. Chantal continues to follow the German laws that govern what wine qualifies as ice wine. German wine law is similar to the United States wine law and both dictate that ice wine must be picked only when the grapes are frozen on the vine. Because of the impossibility of predicting nature, making ice wine requires a great deal of luck. The grapes are generally picked in December after prolonged below freezing temperatures, to ensure they are frozen all the way through. But on warmer years the grapes cannot be picked until late into January or February. It can also be difficult to protect the grapes from birds and wind as they stay on the vine until after they are very ripe. Leaving the grapes on the vine until the first hard freeze ensures the grapes have reached their full ripeness while the ice captures the excess water leaving naturally concentrated sugars. Ice wine is sometimes referred to as liquid gold because of its high cost to make and purchase and because of the wine's intense sweetness. 
The high cost of producing ice wine causes it to generate little profit for the winery. When asked why Chantal still makes it year after year Johnson replied "A good ice wine is almost certain to bring home a medal or two. I do think that natural ice wine is something incredibly special, and it's quite rare. And because they can't do it in California."
Fruit Wines.
Entice.
Entice is a blend of Chantal's ice wine and barrel aged grape brandy, making this a white port.
Cerise.
Cerise is a blend of distilled whole tart cherries and the Chantal's cherry wine.
Annual Events.
Blossom Days.
The Original Traverse City Cherry Festival began in 1925 as the Blessing of the Blossoms Festival. This Festival was originally an event held in early may to attract tourists to Northern Michigan to view the cherry blossoms. In 1931 the Michigan Legislature renamed the festival the National Cherry Festival, and moved the event to the summer. The Wineries of Old Mission Peninsula restarted this tradition in 2004 by hosting the Blossom Days Festival. The festival is a two-day event. The Blessing of the Blossoms is a non-denominational ceremony that takes place at Chateau Chantal. The 2011 Blossom days event took place on May 14–15 and the Blessing of the Blossoms was performed by Bishop Bernard Hedba.
Harvest Festival.
In 2010 Chantal hosted its 11th Annual Harvest Festival in late October. This festival celebrates the successful completion of the growing season. The event includes wine tasting, rides through the vineyard, tours of the winery, and barefoot grape smashing.
Notable Awards.
Fox News Travel ranked Chateau Chantal among the top ten wine inns in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31049434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049434" title="Petrovsky District">
Petrovsky District

Petrovsky District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049437" title="Universal Cable Productions">
Universal Cable Productions

Universal Cable Productions (UCP) is a television production company operating within NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment division of NBCUniversal. 
History.
In July 2008, Universal Cable Productions was split off from Universal Media Studios (UMS) and placed into NBCUniversal's NBCU Cable Entertainment division. The unit was placed under the direction of a management team consisting of 5 executives. Originally, UCP was set up to produce shows for NBCU and other cable channels.
Formerly at UMS, Doug Liman and Dave Bartis’ Hypnotic Films & Television moved to UCP after a few shows were turned down at UMS. Hypnotic signed a two-year overall deal with UCP. Hypnotic produced with UCP Covert Affairs for USA Network then "I Just Want My Pants Back", its first non-NBCU channel production, for MTV. With Hypnotic and a first chief operating officer hired, UCP has expanded enough that they are moving to produce shows for any network or channel, broadcast or cable. Its NBCU Broadcasting counterpart, Universal Television has also moved to be a full-service TV studio.
In July 2011 through its affiliated company, NBCUniversal Domestic TV Distribution, Psych and Monk, UCP shows, have been picked up for off network syndication on Ion Television. 
UCP signed a "pod deal", a complete development deal that includes ownership of all projects making it impossible to shop a rejected project around, with Tagline. A third pod deal was signed with Gale Anne Hurd's Valhalla Entertainment in April 2012. In July, the company signed an exclusive development deal with John Legend's Get Lifted Film Company. 

</doc>
<doc id="31049442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049442" title="Georg Weber">
Georg Weber

Georg Weber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049444" title="Ardalan Ashtiani">
Ardalan Ashtiani

Ardalan Ashtiani (, born April 5, 1982 in Tehran) is an Iranian football player. He is son of more famous Iranian footballer, Ebrahim Ashtiani.

</doc>
<doc id="31049459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049459" title="David L Boushey">
David L Boushey

David L Boushey (born 1942), is an American stuntman, stunt coordinator and stunt trainer. He is the founder of the United Stuntmen's Association, the International Stunt School, the Society of American Fight Directors, and is a member of The Hollywood Stuntmen's Hall Of Fame.
Early years.
Boushey was born in 1942 in the city of Everett, Washington where he spent his first 15 years. At age 16 he moved with his family to Seattle where he graduated in the first graduating class from Ingraham High School in 1961. Boushey graduated from Central Washington University in 1967. After two years as an account executive with the Seattle Post Intelligencer he decided to fulfil his dream of becoming an actor. Boushey went to England where he trained at the prestigious East 15 Acting School founded by the legendary Joan Littlewood ("A Taste of Honey", and "Oh What a Lovely War"). It was at EAST 15 where he met fight master Ian McKay who introduced him to the art of stage combat. After two and a half years working with the likes of William Hobbs (The Three/Four Musketeers...1974) he returned home to Seattle where he founded the Society of American Fight Directors.
Career.
Boushey's professional career spans forty years with over 400 theatre credits and 45 films. Boushey's films credits include Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks, and Northern Exposure. Moreover, he has trained more than 1000 students.
Boushey has worked with eight Academy Award winning actors including Denzel Washington, William Hurt, Tommy Lee Jones, and Chris Cooper.
Boushey's first professional production was at the Seattle Repertory Theatre in 1974 under Duncan Ross. The production was Hamlet starring Christopher Walken (Academy Award winner for the Deer Hunter). Boushey soon joined the prestigious theatre complex, the Oregon Shakespeare Festival where he was both actor and fight director for two seasons. Boushey returned to Seattle to play Valvert in the production of Cyrano de Bergerac as well as choreograph the fight scene. Boushey's career from this point took him all over North America where he worked with George Abbott, Jon Jory, Milton Katsales, Daniel Sullivan, Duncan Ross, and Meg Booker. Theatres he choreographed action for include: Actors Theatre Louisville, San Diego Globe, Seattle Repertory Theatre, Intiman Theatre, San Francisco ACT, Utah Shakespeare Festival, Pioneer Theatre, Mark Taper Forum, Cincinnati Playhouse, Illinois Shakespeare Festival, Dallas Theatre Center, and Seattle ACT.
In 1981 Boushey moved into film where he eventually became a stunt coordinator and stunt performer. He was a stunt double for Tom Skerrit, Harvey Keitel, Rutger Hauer, Timothy Busfield, and Meg Ryan. He was stunt coordinator for the TV series Northern Exposure, Under Suspicion, Under One Roof (starring James Earl Jones), and Medicine Ball. Some of the actors he worked with and coordinated are Drew Barrymore, Elijah Wood, Denzel Washington, Kyle MacLachlan, Brad Dourif, Dennis Hopper, Matt Dillon, Kiefer Sutherland, Annette Bening, William Hurt, Chris Cooper, Linda Evans, River Phoenix, Tommy Lee Jones, Jobeth Williams, Danny Glover, Mary Tyler Moore, Brendan Fraser, and Heather Graham.
As of 2011 Boushey still works in the film industry as a stunt coordinator as well as administrating the International Stunt School.

</doc>
<doc id="31049463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049463" title="John Baber (MP)">
John Baber (MP)

John Baber (1593 – 1644) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1628 and 1640.
Baber was the son of John Baber DD of Tormarton, Gloucestershire. He matriculated at Lincoln College, Oxford on 15 April 1608, aged 15 and was awarded BA on 22 May 1611. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1621 and became recorder of Wells. In 1628, Baber was elected Member of Parliament for Wells and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. 
Baber became a bencher in 1639. In April 1640, he was re-elected MP for Wells in the Short Parliament.
Baber died in 1644, aged 50.

</doc>
<doc id="31049470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049470" title="George Webber">
George Webber

George Webber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049508" title="Zelle Abbey">
Zelle Abbey

Zelle Abbey () is a former Augustinian monastery of canons regular in the village of Zelle in the borough of Aue in the German federal state of Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="31049529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049529" title="John Mendelsohn (doctor)">
John Mendelsohn (doctor)

John Mendelsohn (born August 31, 1936) is the past president of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. He is an internationally-recognized leader in cancer research.
Mendelsohn served as MD Anderson president from 1996 to 2011. When Ronald DePinho became president, he stepped down Sept. 1, 2011. Mendelsohn remains on the faculty as co-director of the new Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan Institute for Personalized Cancer Therapy. Also, he is a senior fellow in health and technology at the Baker Institute .
In its 70 years, Mendelsohn was only the third full-time president of MD Anderson. When he arrived, Mendelsohn's focus shifted from his expertise in laboratory research and clinical trials to leading an institution that employs about 18,000 people and serves 100,000 patients yearly, with a budget of more than $3.3 billion.
Background.
Mendelsohn earned his bachelor's degree in sciences magna cum laude from Harvard College in 1958. He was the first undergraduate student of James D. Watson, Ph.D., who later won the Nobel Prize in Medicine for identifying the structure of DNA. After spending a year in Scotland as a Fulbright Scholar in biochemistry, Mendelsohn received his medical degree cum laude from Harvard Medical School in 1963.
From 1970 to 1985 at the University of California San Diego, Mendelsohn was founding director of a National Cancer Institute-designated cancer center, which he led from its inception in 1976 until he moved to Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. From 1985 to 1996, Mendelsohn chaired the institution's Department of Medicine and was co-head of the Program in Molecular Pharmacology and Therapeutics. He also was professor and vice chairman of medicine at Cornell University Medical College.
Mendelsohn was a member the Audit Committee of Enron when it collapsed.
Research.
When Mendelsohn joined MD Anderson, he had an international reputation for his research on how the binding of growth factors to cell-surface receptors regulates cell functions.
He and Gordon Sato and their collaborators in California produced monoclonal antibody 225, which inhibits human cancer cell proliferation by blocking the signaling pathways that are activated by epidermal growth factor receptors. His subsequent research in the laboratory and clinic pioneered the universally adopted concept of anti-receptor therapy that targets key cell signaling pathways as a new form of cancer treatment. Antibody 225 (commercially known as Cetuximab, or Erbitux) against the receptor for epidermal growth factor was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for treatment of colon cancer in 2004 and for head and neck cancer in 2006.
Honors.
Mendelsohn served 10 years as the founding editor of Clinical Cancer Research, and he has been on numerous editorial boards. He has authored more than 250 scientific papers and articles for journals and books, and is senior editor of the textbook, "The Molecular Basis of Cancer."
He has been honored many times for his contributions to cancer research with major awards, including the Joseph H. Burchenal Clinical Research Award from the American Association for Cancer Research (1999), David A. Karnofsky Memorial Award from the American Society of Clinical Oncology (2002), Fulbright Lifetime Achievement Medal (2005), Dan David Prize in Cancer Therapy (2006), Dorothy P. Landon-AACR Prize for Translational Research (2008), AACR Margaret Foti Award for Leadership and Extraordinary Achievements in Cancer Research (2012) and Research!America's Geoffrey Beene Builders of Science Award (2013). He was elected to membership in the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences and as a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="31049531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049531" title="Vanilla Forums">
Vanilla Forums

Vanilla is a lightweight Internet forum package written in the PHP scripting language using the Garden framework. The software is released under the GNU GPL. Vanilla Forums is Free Software [https://github.com/vanillaforums/Garden], standards-compliant, customizable discussion forums. Vanilla was released on 1 July 2006, and has since undergone many changes; the most notable being the complete rewrite between Vanilla 1 and Vanilla 2, the latter of the two became the primary product and Vanilla 1 was passed into the hands of other developers. Vanilla is designed to bring forums back to their roots, providing core functionality with additional features such as emoticons available as plugins.
Business Model.
Vanilla 1 is unfunded, and supported by other developers, it is not supported by the original core team.
Vanilla 2 is currently funded in part by a custom, non-distributed hosted implementation of the software run as a commercial SaaS, by Vanilla Forums, Inc. offering various plans with support options.
Plans offer many features from the open source version with additional premium add-ons supported by the core team.
Features.
Vanilla is a free, FOSS, extensable and multi-lingual forum system. The following items describe the open source version:
History.
Mark O'Sullivan created an early version of Vanilla to support his own online graphic design and programming community. Between 2002 and 2005, this alpha version of the forum went through many revisions, and the core theming and plugin engines were built, culminating in the release of Vanilla 1.
Vanilla increased in popularity and was invited to TechStars 2009 in Boulder. At the start of 2010 Vanilla received 500,000 CAD in series A funding. In July 2010, Vanilla 2 was released, which was a complete rewrite of Vanilla 1.
Vanilla 1.
Vanilla 1 has a very lightweight core with a number of optional plugins, including chat, private messages, "Who's Online", and attachments.
The most recent version (1.3.0) was released on February 17, 2012.
Vanilla 1 is no longer maintained by the Vanilla team, and has been transferred to another development team.
Vanilla 2.
Vanilla 2 is a complete rewrite of Vanilla using the Garden Framework, a MVC, object oriented, modular, extendable framework.
New core features in Vanilla 2:
Garden.
Garden is the PHP framework on which Vanilla 2 is built, and deployed with, but can also be used as an MVC framework in its own right, and has a convention-based folder structure.
When downloading a Vanilla release, it is packaged in Garden as an application.
Garden can be developed on via 'Addons' of applications, plugins, themes, and locales.
Each application follows the MVC paradigm, and applications are typically placed in the applications folder, pluigns in plugins folder, and so on.
Applications can be extended by plugins and themes, these mainly use a combination of convention based file structure, configuration, and event hooks.
Pluggability is a core feature of the framework, as is OOP, so the application and core is mainly extended via plugin classes using a public method naming convention to denote event hooks, 'magic event' hooks, 'magic methods', and occasionally method overrides. Some general functions in the core can be overridden by predefining them.
In addition, locales can be used to translate into different languages, or variations of text, which are replaced by reference.
Release History.
"Release cycle since Vanilla version 2.0.1"
Hosted Forums.
The hosted version of Vanilla runs on the newest version of Vanilla. It also provides features that are held back from the community edition (usually people who are self-hosting their forum). The features held back are Reactions & Badges, Polls, Pre-Moderation ( available in self hosted Vanilla since 2.1 Beta ), User Ranks, Profile Extender ( available in self hosted Vanilla as a plugin ) and others. This leads to ongoing discussions in Vanillas own community forums. There has been numerous discussions in the past about the business model and why certain features have been held back. The community version of the software, has seen developers replicate much of these functionalities.

</doc>
<doc id="31049543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049543" title="Summertime Blues (album)">
Summertime Blues (album)

Summertime Blues was the third album posthumously released by Eddie Cochran in the US after Cochran's death in 1960. 
Content.
The album was released on the Sunset Records label in August 1966 in both stereo and mono. The catalogue number was SUS-5123 for the stereo version and SUM-1123 for the mono version.
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="31049546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049546" title="SPCA 40T">
SPCA 40T

__NOTOC__
The SPCA 40T, also designated the SPCA VII, was a mailplane built in France in the late 1920s. It was a high-wing monoplane of conventional layout with a thick-sectioned, cantilever wing. The flight deck and cargo bay were fully enclosed, and the latter could be adapted to seat five passengers. The fixed undercarriage consisted of divided main units with spatted wheels, plus a tailskid. Construction was of metal throughout.
The two 40Ts were followed by a single example designated 41T with more powerful Salmson 9Nc engines that first flew on 12 December 1931. Services Aeriens de Madagascar operated the 41T between Tananarive and Broken Hill (where the route connected with Imperial Airways).
Eventually, the 40Ts were fitted with this same engine, at which time they were redesignated SPCA 218.

</doc>
<doc id="31049577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049577" title="Dresden &amp; Johnston">
Dresden &amp; Johnston

Dresden and Johnston are an American DJ and production duo composed of Dave Dresden of Gabriel & Dresden and Mikael Johnston of Mephisto Odyssey.
History.
Dave Dresden is the co-founder of the dance music acts Gabriel & Dresden and Motorcycle, remixer for acts like Jewel and The Killers, and the co-author of the dance floor hits As the Rush Comes, and Tracking Treasure Down. Mikael Johnston is the founding member of the Warner Bros. Records act Mephisto Odyssey who were pivotal in defining the nascent San Francisco house sound. Johnston has also collaborated remixed and engineered for artists such as Jane’s Addiction, Static-X, Los Amigos Invisibles, Soul Coughing, I Am the World Trade Center, Smash Mouth, The Matches, The Sounds and Goapele.
Johnston and Dresden had known each other for over a decade and started collaborating once Gabriel & Dresden had disbanded. The partnership was announced in February 2009 on Beatport. Their first work together were remixes of Lily Allen's song "The Fear" followed by Nadia Ali's "Love Story", both topped "Billboard's" Hot Dance Club Play Chart. This was followed by remixes for BT, JD Webb, The Crystal Method, Owl City, Morgan Page, Enrique Iglesias and Dev. Their remix of Enrique Iglesias' "Tonight (I'm Lovin' You)" reached number one on "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play Chart.
Their first original production was "Keep Faith" featuring vocals by Mezo Riccio. Released in March 2010, the song charted at number 10 on "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play Chart. Around the same time, remixes of their collaboration "That Day" with singer-songwriter Nadia Ali were released on compilation albums. In August 2010, the duo released their EP titled "The Cove/Redhead" and in November 2010 their second single "Metaphonix". Their first studio album tentatively titled "High and Low" is rumored for a 2011 release. The album contains collaborations with Morgan Page, Jan Burton, Skylar Grey, Nadia Ali, Mezo Riccio and David Penner of Andain.

</doc>
<doc id="31049580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049580" title="Icaria (genus)">
Icaria (genus)

Icaria is a genus of eusocial paper wasps in the Ropalidiini tribe. It contains the following species:
Enemy species.
An enemy of "Icaria" is the "Vespa deusta", which will invade and rob "Icaria" nests.

</doc>
<doc id="31049596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049596" title="Ferroviário Atlético Clube (AL)">
Ferroviário Atlético Clube (AL)

Ferroviário Atlético Clube, commonly known as Ferroviário, is a Brazilian football club based in Maceió, Alagoas state. They won the Campeonato Alagoano twice.
History.
The club was founded on May 1, 1937. Olímpico won the Campeonato Alagoano in 1953 and in 1954, sharing the 1953 title with ASA.
Stadium.
Ferroviário Atlético Clube play their home games at Estádio Cleto Marques Luz. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31049611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049611" title="Lea Koenig">
Lea Koenig

Lea Koenig (; b. 30 November 1929) is an Israeli theatre actress of Polish descent, nicknamed "The First Lady of Israeli Theatre".
Biography.
Lea Koenig was born in 1929 in Łódź, Poland, to a Polish Jewish family, the daughter of the Yiddish actors Dina and Józef Kamien. She spent her childhood in Poland, then in Tashkent, in the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic. In the end of the 1940s, she emigrated with her parents to Romania, where she began studying at National University of Arts in Bucharest and debuted at Jewish Theatre.
In 1961, she emigrated to Israel.
Primarily acting in Hebrew, Koenig performs in Israel and all over the world also in Yiddish theaters. She speaks English, Hebrew, German, Polish, Romanian and Yiddish.

</doc>
<doc id="31049630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049630" title="Primorsky, Russia">
Primorsky, Russia

Primorsky (; masculine), Primorskaya (; feminine), or Primorskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31049633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049633" title="1982 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
1982 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 1982 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 10 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the first NCAA gymnastics national championship but not the first championship for college gymnastics. The NCAA took over for the AIAW in 1982 in determining national champions. The defending AIAW Champion for 1981 was Utah. The Competition took place in Salt Lake City, Utah hosted by the University of Utah in the Jon M. Huntsman Center.

</doc>
<doc id="31049642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049642" title="Miguel Cotto vs. Ricardo Mayorga">
Miguel Cotto vs. Ricardo Mayorga

Miguel Cotto vs. Ricardo Mayorga, billed as Relentless, was a boxing super welterweight fight for the WBA Super Welterweight championship. The bout was held on March 12, 2011, at MGM Grand Garden Arena, in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. Cotto won the fight via technical knockout in the twelfth round.
Cotto, a four-time world champion, won his 154-pound belt by stopping Yuri Foreman in the ninth round at Yankee Stadium in June 2010. Following the bout, the Puerto Rican pugilist underwent shoulder surgery and took the rest of 2010 off. On the other hand, Mayorga is coming from a ninth round KO win against Michael Walker in December 2010; this was the first time he fought in 27 months, after being knocked out by Shane Mosley in the twelfth round of their September 2008 match.
Background.
Miguel Cotto.
After the Manny Pacquiao fight, Cotto moved to the light middleweight division. On June 5, 2010, he fought against Israeli undefeated boxer Yuri Foreman at Yankee Stadium in New York. 
Cotto ended up knocking Foreman down with a signature left hook to the body in the ninth round claiming the WBA light middleweight title, his fourth overall in three different weight divisions. Following the bout, the Puerto Rican boxer underwent shoulder surgery and took the rest of 2010 off.
Ricardo Mayorga.
Following the bout with Shane Mosley, Mayorga took a period of inactivity. He was scheduled to fight undefeated junior-middleweight prospect Alfredo Angulo on February 14, 2009 on the undercard of Nate Campbell's title defense against Ali Funeka. Mayorga withdrew from the fight, citing injuries to his ribs from the Shane Mosley fight made training very difficult and therefore was unable to make weight. He stated money was not the issue. However, his promoter, Don King, stated that Mayorga pulled out ten days before the bout after his demands for a higher purse were not met.
On December 17, 2010, the Nicaraguan boxer fought Michael Walker and defeated him by TKO in the ninth round, ending a 27 months layoff.
Undercard.
Preliminary card.
Molina defeats Rabotte via technical knockout. The fight was stopped at 1:38 of the sixth round.
Korobov defeats Walker via technical knockout. The fight was stopped at 1:31 of the first round.
Gonzalez defeats McLaurin via technical knockout. The fight was stopped at 1:56 of the first round.
Rojas defeated Hidalgo via unanimous decision (59–55, 58–56, 59–55).

</doc>
<doc id="31049654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049654" title="Busted Flat Records">
Busted Flat Records

Busted Flat Records is Canadian independent record label, founded in 2002. 
History.
Busted Flat Records is an independent music label, founded in 2002 by Mark Logan and based in Kitchener, Canada. Logan, the owner of a vinyl music store in Kitchener, Encore Records, initially started Busted Flat Records to record and release a live album by Shannon Lyon. The label has grown to include, as of 2013, 24 artists and has released approximately 65 recordings. 
Musicians on the roster include blues artist, Matt Andersen (two-time Maple Blues Awards winner, recipient of the Best Solo performance at the International Blues Challenge, and winner of several East Coast Music Awards), as well as Paul MacLeod, Brock Zeman, Lynn Jackson, Ambre McLean, Shannon Lyon, Jay Semko, the Billie Hollies and many other Canadian singer-songwriters. 
The label name was taken from a line in the song, "Me and Bobby McGee" made popular by Janis Joplin. The label was founded originally to showcase talent from the Southern Ontario region, but has since branched out to release acts from across Canada and Europe. The label specializes in roots, Americana, blues, folk and alt-country acts.
According to a feature article in Exclaim! magazine, Busted Flat Records operates on a business model that favors the independent artist, with approximately "75 percent of the profits going to artists, 15 percent paying for production and roughly ten percent going to the label." In a recent (2011) review, Busted Flat Records was named "one of the most respected roots music outlets in the country."
In 2013, the label distributed its first release by an American artist: "Have Harmony, Will Travel", a collection of duets by Carla Olson, who had previously co-founded The Textones. The album includes contributions from Barry Goldberg, Cindy Cashdollar, Scott Kempner, Rob Waller from I See Hawks In L.A., Juice Newton, Richie Furay, John York, Peter Case, James Intveld and Scott Kempner.

</doc>
<doc id="31049660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049660" title="Urubu">
Urubu

Urubu or Urubú may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049669" title="Santiago Vergini">
Santiago Vergini

Santiago Vergini (born 3 August 1988) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a Right back for English Premier League club Sunderland, on loan from Primera División side Estudiantes de La Plata.
Career.
On 20 January 2014, Vergini secured a loan move to Premier League side Sunderland from Primera División club Estudiantes de La Plata for the remainder of the 2013–14 season.
He made his league debut on 8 February, replacing Fabio Borini in the first half against Hull City after the dismissal of regular centre-back Wes Brown. Due to Brown's suspension, Vergini made his first start on 22 February away to Arsenal, and made errors as Sunderland lost 4-1.

</doc>
<doc id="31049695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049695" title="Brewster Mason">
Brewster Mason

Brewster Mason (30 August 1922 - 14 August 1987) was an English stage actor who also made some notable film and television appearances.
He was born in Kidsgrove, Staffordshire and made his stage debut at the Finsbury Park Open Air Theatre in 1947. He then appeared on stage in repertory theatre, in London's West End and on Broadway. He was a particularly notable member of the Royal Shakespeare Company between 1963 and 1987, and his parts included a memorable Earl of Warwick in "The Wars of The Roses" (1963 and 1964), Claudius in the David Warner 'Hamlet' (1965 and 1966), Sir Toby Belch (1966), Lafau (All's Well) and Banquo (Macbeth in 1967), Julius Caesar and Falstaff (The Merry Wives) in 1968, Women beware Women, Wolsey in Henry VIII, and Falstaff in 'When thou art King' (!969), Undershaft in Major Barbara (1970), Othello (1971), Falstaff in Henry IV (1975), and Gaunt in Richard II in 1986.
He made appearances in many British television plays and series including; "The Affair" (1962), "The Pallisers" (1974) and "Quatermass" (1979) and "Tales of the Unexpected" (1980–81). He also played Otto von Bismarck in both "Edward the Seventh " (1975) and " Disraeli " (1978). His film appearances included; " The Dambusters " (1954) as Guy Gibson's rear gunner Flt Lt R.D. Trevor-Roper and "Private Potter" (1962) as the Brigadier.
In 1957 he had a spell on the BBC's Radio Drama Repertory company when, after an accident in which he injured his leg, he was unable to undertake film or stage work.
He died aged 64 following a fall when he was appearing in "Richard II " at the Barbican Theatre, London.

</doc>
<doc id="31049708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049708" title="China's Red Army Marches">
China's Red Army Marches

"China's Red Army Marches" (1934), by Agnes Smedley. Also published in the USSR as "Red Flood Over China".
This book gives a detailed account of the Chinese Soviet Republic in Jiangxi from 1928 to 1931, ending with the proclamation of the Soviet Republic of China in 1931. It has been described as pioneering "a new form of socially conscious art that considerably influenced leftist reportage in the 1930s", because "she spoke of individuals experiences, but she meant her readers to view the people about whom she wrote as representatives of a larger group who chose the mass actions linked to China's emerging Communist movement as an alternative to their despair.
The book has many details including an account of the Anti-Bolshevik League. Neither Smedley nor any other Western reporter visited Chinese Soviet, but she had first-hand accounts from Chinese Communist fighters whom she covertly sheltered in Shanghai. Her main sources were two Red Army commanders, Zhou Jianping and Chen Geng. It is strongly partisan for the Chinese Communists and hostile to the Guomintang (Kuomintang).
The book does not deal with events past 1931, nor does it anticipate the destruction of the Jiangxi Soviet and the subsequent Long March. It does however have detailed accounts of the words and actions of Zhu De (Chu Teh), Peng Dehuai (Peng Teh-hewi) and Mao Zedong, whose name is inaccurately given as 'Mau Tse-tung'. It includes a full speech by Mao and some shorter remarks, perhaps the first time his words had appeared in English.
It also has some detailed accounts of early CCP policies, including land-reform policies that were more extreme than those followed after the Long March. And many accounts of battles, including the capture and subsequent loss of Changsha. And an emphasis on the importance given to educating the poor and giving rights to women.
This book and also Chinese Destinies were covertly circulated in Guomintang-ruled China, both in English and in Chinese translations. It was one of only three foreign publications to be formally banned by the Guomintang government. She had long been identified by them as a major foe, and they even made the bizarre claim that she had brought cases of whisky to the Jiangxi Soviet base and had stood nude before a mass rally, singing the Internationale. (Claims of sexual laxity in Chinese Communist areas were common at the time. Edgar Snow in "Red Star Over China" mentions them as something he had heard but had correctly disbelieved.)

</doc>
<doc id="31049709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049709" title="Ambulyx jordani">
Ambulyx jordani

Ambulyx jordani is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="31049712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049712" title="Henry Garton">
Henry Garton

Henry Garton (1600 – 1641) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1641.
Garton was the son of Sir Peter Garton of Woolavington, Sussex. He matriculated at Queen's College, Oxford on 27 Octoner 1615, aged 15 and was awarded BA on 20 April 1618. He was called to the bar at Middle Temple in 1626. 
In April 1640, Garton was elected Member of Parliament for Arundel in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Arunfel for the Long Parliament in November 1640 and sat until his death in 1641. 
Garton died at the age of 41 and was buried in the middle aisle of Temple Church on 30 October 1641.

</doc>
<doc id="31049762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049762" title="Ambulyx lahora">
Ambulyx lahora

Ambulyx lahora is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Himalaya in Pakistan and India.

</doc>
<doc id="31049763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049763" title="Walnut Street Baptist Church (Waterloo, Iowa)">
Walnut Street Baptist Church (Waterloo, Iowa)

Walnut Street Baptist Church is a church building in downtown Waterloo, Iowa, United States.
Built in 1908, the building was designed by Clinton P. Shockley. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The Walnut Street Baptist Church congregation worshiped in the facility from its construction until 1970. The congregation was an early leader in the General Association of Regular Baptist Churches. Upon relocating to a new facility and changing its name to Walnut Ridge Baptist Church, the congregation sold the downtown site to Faith Temple Baptist Church (American Baptist Churches USA).

</doc>
<doc id="31049770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049770" title="Pteryx (disambiguation)">
Pteryx (disambiguation)

Pteryx is a genus of beetles.
Pteryx also may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049780" title="Ambulyx lestradei">
Ambulyx lestradei

Ambulyx lestradei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="31049794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049794" title="Ambulyx marissa">
Ambulyx marissa

Ambulyx marissa is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="31049800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049800" title="BTM2">
BTM2

BTM2 (also known as "Behind the Music II: Road to Fame" or "Behind the Music 2") was a weekly documentary which focused on the personal lives of musicians. The show ran February 15, 2000 - June 13, 2000 with a total of 1 season with 12 produced episodes.
CAST & CREW

</doc>
<doc id="31049802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049802" title="Emiralem railway station">
Emiralem railway station

The Emiralem railway station is a railway station in the village of Emiralem, Turkey. 3 trains, operated by the Turkish State Railways, service the station: Karesi Express, Aegean Express and the Alsancak-Uşak Regional.

</doc>
<doc id="31049809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049809" title="2011 National People's Congress">
2011 National People's Congress

The 4th Plenary Session of the 11th National People's Congress held its annual meeting in March 2011 at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China. The event opened on 5 March and concluded on 14 March. The meeting was expected to approve the country's 12th Five Year Plan.
Work Report.
Chinese premier Wen Jiabao delivered the central government's work report earlier in the meeting. Wen empathisied the need to maintain economic growth and challenges such as reducing the rich poor divide, reduced environmental degradation and boost domestic consumption.
The premier indicated China will reduce carbon emissions over the next five years in a response to climate change and improving environmental protection.
At the close of the session, Premier Wen stated the government will maintain a 7 percent economic growth over the next period between 2011–2015 The government will focus on addressing widening rural and urban disparity, investment and consumption issues, reining in property prices and curbing inflation. Wen also striking a good balance in the economy between growth, employment and inflation so the economy can track along economic prosperity and avoid recession
The premier also mentioned about the fight against corruption. The areas focused will be in construction, sale of land use rights, mineral resources exploration, stated-owed property management and government procurement. The government will established a system for officials to regularly declare their income, investment, property and resident status of their family members.
Procurator-General's report.
Procurator-General Cao Jianming reported 2,723 corrupt officials were investigated in 2010. These officials were at the county levels and higher. The prosecutors charged 1,282 fugitives with work-related crimes in 2010. It also recovered money and goods to the value of 7.4 billion yuan.

</doc>
<doc id="31049849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049849" title="Ryan Singer">
Ryan Singer

Ryan Singer is a Navajo contemporary painter living in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He is of the clan, born for . Singer is known for his vibrant pop art look on contemporary and historical Native American and popular culture. 
"As far back as I can remember I have always loved art—drawing, painting, making music. What I like most about it is the freedom to create something—anything—from nothing." - Ryan Singer, 2009
Background.
"The best thing for a kid is encouragement. My mother always got me art supplies and encouraged me. I think that was all it took." –Ryan Singer, 2009
Born in Cedar City, Utah, Singer grew up on the Navajo reservation and credits Tuba City, Arizona as his hometown. As a child Singer gained inspiration from watching his uncle, also an artist, painting in his studio, and from the comic books he read. In the summers he would attend Navajo sheep camp, where he was taught to understand the Navajo language despite not being fluent. 
At the age of 10, Singer started studying art books and familiarized himself with not only Western artists but also Navajo artists like Shonto Begay and Bahe Whitethorne. He also became interested in surrealistic artists such as Salvador Dalí.
As a youth he became engrossed in punk rock culture, immersing himself in 'zines, skateboarding and music. He graduated from high school in Window Rock, Arizona in 1992 and entered Northern Arizona University studying forestry, inspired by his interests in the outdoors and environmentalism. This led to him working for the United States Forest Service for five years, when he left disappointed with the red tape of big government. Returning to college in 2004 he started studying fine art at Arizona State University, eventually becoming a full-time artist.
Current.
When not creating art Singer serves as an art juror, art handler, graphic designer and an artistic mentor for emerging artists. In 2010 he co-founded Native Artists For HOPE, a grass roots organization that provides mentoring, workshops and artistic empowerment to young Native American youth. Singer currently lives and works in Albuquerque, New Mexico, with his girlfriend, Nathania, who runs his website and online sales. His work is represented by a number of private galleries.
Art career.
"I don’t like to conform. That’s what art is about—freedom. That’s what being an artist is. The most important thing: Speak your own truth." - Ryan Singer, 2010
Singer pulls from two major sources for his influences: popular culture and elements of Navajo culture. Influences of comic books, record album covers, and science fiction are combined with a pop art sensibility. He also cites the visual appeal and stories of Star Wars and classic films and television programs such as Star Trek, Godzilla, Flash Gordon and black-and-white horror films. 
He is also known for his detailed portraits of American Indians and popular culture figures - ranging from Marilyn Monroe wearing a Navajo blanket to Boba Fett with a coyote.
Early work.
Singer's first completed painting was at the age of 16; a self-portrait with him wearing a Batman t-shirt and his head wrapped up like a mummy. Upon returning to college he was offered two major opportunities: a commission to create illustrations for a book published by Salina Bookshelf and a museum exhibition.
Major works.
Wagon Burner.
In early 2000 Singer had a vision: "About 10, 15 minutes before going to sleep, I was dreaming with my eyes open...I could see myself driving on the side of a cliff and I saw the sign. I sketched it out and went to sleep." This experience would lead to one of Singer's most well-known images "Wagon-burner"; a yellow road sign that depicts a covered wagon with flames in the back of it, rolling down a hill. It is a pop art response to the wagon trains that littered the Old American West as they traveled through Navajo and other Native American lands.
Mutton Stew.
A tribute to Andy Warhol, "Sheep Is Good Food" takes Warhol's iconic Campbell Soup can screen print and combines it with a Navajo twist. The Campbell Soup can is turned into a can of mutton stew and instead of the Campbell gold seal, Singer placed an image of a sheep being lassoed. The image has become one of Singer's most popular, landing the cover of the "Phoenix New Times" in 2010. The original is housed at the Heard Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31049852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049852" title="David Coleman (architect)">
David Coleman (architect)

David Coleman, FAIA is an American architect. David was born in New York and studied fine arts and environmental design at Pratt Institute before taking up architecture at the Rhode Island School of Design. He completed his studies at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, School of Architecture. In 2011 David was elected to the American Institute of Architects College of Fellows. 

</doc>
<doc id="31049875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049875" title="Here Media">
Here Media

Here Media Inc. was founded in 2009 by Paul Colichman and Stephen P. Jarchow when Here Networks LLC and Regent Entertainment Media Inc. formed a business combination with PlanetOut Inc. Here Media produces and distributes niche content focused on LGBT consumers across a multi-platform global network including television, video on demand (VOD), broadband, online, print, and mobile. The company is headquartered in Los Angeles, Calif., with an additional office in New York, N.Y. Mr. Jarchow is Chairman of the Board and Mr. Colichman is CEO of the company.
Executive Officers.
Stephen P. Jarchow, Chairman, Here Media Inc.
Mr. Jarchow is a motion picture executive with over 25 years of experience in real estate and entertainment ventures. He has been involved in the production and/or distribution of over 200 motion pictures, as well as the building of a library of over 3,500 programs. He practiced law for several years and subsequently was a partner with Lincoln Property Company, a large real estate development company, and a senior managing director with Bear Stearns, a major investment banking firm. He has been a participant in over 200 real estate partnerships and a principal in over $2 billion in financing. He has taught entertainment law for many years and is the author of five books and numerous articles and monographs. Mr. Jarchow received his BBA, MS, and JD from the University of Wisconsin. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Wisconsin Alumni Association and on the Board of Trustees of Otis College of Art and Design.
Paul Colichman, CEO, Here Media Inc.
Mr. Colichman serves as Chief Executive Officer of Here Media. He is best known for producing Academy Award winner Gods and Monsters. With his longtime business partner Stephen P. Jarchow, Mr. Colichman has produced and/or distributed over 200 motion pictures and television series episodes. Mr. Colichman received a BA in political science and an MBA with honors from the University of California, Los Angeles, Anderson School of Management. He has received awards from the American Civil Liberties Union, OUTFEST, the Stonewall Democrats, and GLAAD. He was recently named one of UCLA Anderson’s 100 most Inspirational Alumni.
Brand Titles.
Here Media Inc. earns primarily subscription and advertising revenue from its content networks including Here TV, print brands The Advocate, OUT, and HIV Plus, and online properties including Gay.com, Advocate.com, OUT.com, SheWired.com, Gay.net, OUTTraveler.com, and HIVPlusMag.com.
Here TV
Here TV is an American premium television network targeting LGBT audiences. Launched in 2002, Here is available nationwide on all major cable systems, fiber optics systems, and Internet TV providers as either a 24/7 premium subscription channel, a video on demand (VOD) service, and/or a subscription video on demand (SVOD) service.
The Advocate
Regent Entertainment Media Inc. (now known as Here Publishing Inc. and currently a subsidiary of Here Media Inc.) bought rights to the publication in 2008. The company began printing The Advocate monthly, focusing on in-depth interviews and feature news stories. At the same time, Here Media used The Advocate’s Web property, Advocate.com, to report news, political, and entertainment stories. The title has since been shifted to a print edition every other month. Launched in 1967, "The Advocate" recently celebrated 45 years of publishing.
OUT
Regent Entertainment Media Inc. obtained OUT in the same acquisition deal as The Advocate. Since acquiring the title, Here Media has expanded the magazine’s Web presence, OUT.com, and worked to create a strong mobile application presence. Here Media has continued the tradition of hosting the annual OUT100 event and unveiling the “annual top 100 list of influential LGBT personalities.” In October 2013, OUT celebrated its 20th anniversary.
OUTTRAVELER.COM
OutTraveler.com is an online destination for gay and lesbian trip-planning and travel information. The LGBT-focused website features destinations and travel guides for numerous gay-friendly cities.
HIV PLUS
HIV PLUS magazine and HIVPlus.com were acquired by Regent Entertainment Media Inc. the same time as The Advocate and OUT. Founded by Anne-Christine d'Adesky in 1998, the magazine is distributed at doctors' offices, organizations offering services for people with HIV HIV community-based groups, and some other qualifying groups and organizations. A digital edition is available to individual subscribers, and the website is updated daily.
GAY.COM
In September 2009, Here Media launched a new online portal on Gay.com. The site provides a user-friendly social networking system where members can enjoy a safe and comfortable online environment to meet like-minded men. Members have immediate access to over 10 million profiles. Members can also message other members. According to Comscore.com, Gay.com showed a 20% increase in traffic in 2013.
In May 2012, Here Media introduced the mobile version of Gay.com.
In January 2013, Here Media launched a redesigned Gay.com Web property.
In September 2013 and November 2013, Here Media launched an Android and an iOS version, respectively.
GAY.NET
In August 2011, Here Media launched the new online portal Gay.net. The site features editorial content including the latest headlines from the worlds of entertainment, travel, style, and other cultural hot topics that reflect the “diversity of gay culture.” Each year the site features the annual “Pride Guide,” which provides travel and entertainment tips about the various LGBT Pride Festivals around the country.
SHEWIRED.COM
SheWired.com launched in 2008 as a newly designed and technologically advanced version of Here Media’s former women’s site, LesbiaNation.com. SheWired.com is an online news and entertainment website targeting lesbian, bisexual, transgender, and gender-fluid women.
Awards and Accolades.
The Advocate Awards:
2009:
2010:
2011:
2013:
OUT Awards:
2009:
2010:
2011:
2012:
2013
Here TV Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31049877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049877" title="The God Complex">
The God Complex

"The God Complex" is the eleventh episode of the sixth series of the British television series "Doctor Who", first broadcast on BBC One 17 September 2011. It was written by Toby Whithouse and directed by Nick Hurran.
In the episode, alien time traveller the Doctor and his companions Amy Pond and her husband Rory find themselves trapped in what appears to be a 1980s hotel with constantly changing corridors. They meet Rita, Howie, Joe, and Gibbis, who have also appeared in the hotel, without any idea how they arrived. The Doctor learns that each hotel room contains the greatest fear of someone who has been in the hotel, and that a minotaur-like creature is feeding off their faith.
Whithouse originally developed the concept of "The God Complex" for the previous series, but due to it being similar to episodes in that series, it was pushed back, with Whithouse contributing "The Vampires of Venice" instead. The episode ends with the departure of Amy and Rory, though this was not a permanent exit. "The God Complex" was filmed during the early months of 2011, mainly on sets constructed for the hotel. The episode was seen by 6.77 million viewers in the United Kingdom and received positive to mixed reviews from critics. While the performances in the episode, especially Smith's, were praised, not all critics were impressed with the plot.
Plot.
Synopsis.
The TARDIS, while travelling to a new planet, arrives in what appears to be a 1980s Earth hotel, but the Doctor recognises it as an alien structure specifically designed to take that appearance. They soon meet a group of three individuals — humans Rita, Howie and the alien Gibbis — each of whom had previously been taken from their routine lives to find themselves in the hotel. They are also introduced to Joe, a human who has already succumbed to a madness that infects everyone who sets foot in the hotel, and so has been tied up for his own protection. The four explain that there is a beast in the hotel that consumes everyone who has been trapped here. It does this by enticing them to enter one of the many rooms in the hotel which contains their greatest fears, upon which they become brainwashed to "praise him" and allow themselves to be taken, their bodies left without any signs of life; many others have experienced this, and photos of them and their fears cover many of the hotel's walls. The hotel would seem inescapable — its doors and windows walled up — and its halls and rooms can change on a whim. The Doctor, Amy, and Rory soon find the TARDIS has also disappeared, and the Doctor warns them from opening any door they are drawn to, for fear of being possessed.
As the Doctor tries to ascertain the situation, the group is thrown into panic when they hear the beast coming for Joe, and hide in rooms where Rita and Gibbis face their fears. The Doctor spies the Minotaur-like beast through a keyhole, just before Joe escapes from confinement and is killed. Howie soon becomes possessed after entering a room against the Doctor's warnings. The remaining group set up a trap to lure the beast into the hotel's hairdressing salon using Howie's voice, upon which the Doctor questions the trapped creature and learns it is in agony wishing for its end. The Doctor realises the hotel is really a prison for the creature, and the "fears" in each room are harmless illusions. Howie also escapes from the group, allowing the beast to escape and chase him down, killing him before the Doctor can save him. While exploring more of the hotel, both Amy and the Doctor are separately lured to look into two specific rooms, facing their own fears. Rita also begins to praise the monster, and after thanking the Doctor for trying to save her, follows the fate of Joe and Howie.
The Doctor, Amy, Rory, and Gibbis regroup, and the Doctor surmises that the other three believed in some form of faith. The hotel and its rooms were, by design, meant to challenge their "faith" by fear to allow the beast to possess them. The Doctor identifies that Gibbis has survived due to the extreme cowardice of his species, while Rory lacks any such "faith" to be broken. However, the Doctor realises that it is Amy's trust in him that is being challenged; it is that faith that brought them to the hotel in the first place. Amy soon becomes possessed like the others. As the beast comes for Amy, the Doctor and the others grab her and take her to the room she opened previously. Inside, they find the illusion of young Amy, Amelia, still waiting for the return of her "raggedy Doctor" ("The Eleventh Hour"). The Doctor asserts to Amy that he is "not a hero" but "just a mad man with a box" to break her blind trust in him; once this is done, the beast outside the door collapses on the floor.
As they watch, the hotel is revealed to be part of a large simulation; the Doctor identifies themselves aboard an automated prison spaceship, and the beast as a relative of the Nimon, a creature that feeds off the faith of others. The ship's automated systems had provided it "food" by bringing aboard creatures who had a strong faith. The beast mutters that "death would be a gift" for the Doctor before it passes away. The Doctor finds his TARDIS nearby, Gibbis asks for a lift home and The Doctor then takes Amy and Rory to London, believing it best for the two to stop travelling with him before they end up getting killed. Giving them a new house and car, the Doctor sets off alone in the TARDIS.
Continuity.
Several references to past "Doctor Who" species are displayed throughout the wall of photos of the past victims of the beast, including a Sontaran, a Judoon, a Catkind Sister of Plenitude and a Tritovore ("Planet of the Dead"). The Doctor identifies the beast as being from a species that is distantly related to the Nimon, previously a foe in the serial "The Horns of Nimon"; and the group witnesses two illusions of Weeping Angels, from the episodes "Blink","The Time of Angels"/"Flesh and Stone ,and "The Angels Take Manhattan. Though the audience is not shown the contents of the room (numbered 11) that the Doctor is lured to open, the sound of the TARDIS' cloister bell can be heard; in "The Time of the Doctor" (2013), it is revealed that he saw the crack in the universe. Young Amelia is shown waiting for her "raggedy Doctor" to return from the episode "The Eleventh Hour". The Doctor, being forced to break Amy's faith in him, echoes a previous event in "The Curse of Fenric" where the Seventh Doctor is forced to break Ace's faith in him.
Production.
Writing.
Showrunner Steven Moffat originally pitched the episode to Toby Whithouse for the previous series with the idea of a hotel with shifting rooms. However, as production continued, Moffat thought that there were too many instances in which the characters were running through corridors in that series, so Whithouse wrote "The Vampires of Venice" instead and "The God Complex" was pushed to the next series. The idea to have a Minotaur be the monster came from Whithouse's love for Greek mythology. Whithouse was more pleased with "The God Complex" than "School Reunion" and "The Vampires of Venice", his previous "Doctor Who" scripts, as the tone was darker which he was "more comfortable" writing.
The first line of dialogue Whithouse wrote was the Doctor's translation of the Minotaur's words: "An ancient creature, drenched in the blood of the innocent, drifting in space through an endless shifting maze. For such a creature, death would be a gift". The Minotaur then tells the Doctor he was not talking about himself, but rather the Doctor. This is foreshadowing of the upcoming event of the Doctor's death, the story arc of the series. Amy and Rory's departure in the episode was only temporary; they return for the series finale, "The Wedding of River Song" and appear briefly at the end of the 2011 Christmas Special. They permanently leave in the fifth episode of the seventh series.
Filming and costumes.
The read-through for "The God Complex" took place in February 2011. It was then filmed mainly on hotel sets constructed in the studio. The Doctor, Amy, and Rory's first encounter with a fear in the hotel is the ventriloquist dummies found in Joe's room; Whithouse wanted to include something "big and bold" and noted that there was "something macabre about ventriloquist dummies". Many members of the crew were brought in to operate the dummies, most of them having to lie underneath them on the floor. The actor who portrayed the Minotaur, Spencer Wilding, was six foot seven inches tall. Wilding received a costume fitting in early 2011, after which the suit was dressed up with paint and fur.
David Walliams was asked to guest-star in the episode in an email and he agreed, having been a fan of the show. He had previously appeared in the Fifth Doctor audio drama "Phantasmagoria" where he played two separate characters. Matt Smith called his co-star "hilarious" and found it hard to take him seriously, as when he was in his prosthetics for the part he resembled a giant mole. The prosthetics took about two hours to apply. Walliams felt the make-up was not limiting to his acting, finding it "quite expressive".
Outside references.
The hotel and setting has been compared to Stanley Kubrick's film "The Shining", using similar composition such as long corridor shots and odd angles. Critics also observed that the episode drew inspiration from George Orwell's novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four", particularly in the concept of rooms (or, in Orwell's case, Room 101) containing each person's deepest fear. Joe also quotes the old English nursery rhyme "Oranges and Lemons", singing "Here comes a candle to light you to bed, here comes a chopper to chop off your head!".
Broadcast and reception.
"The God Complex" was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 17 September 2011 and on the same date in the United States on BBC America. Overnight ratings showed that 5.2 million viewers watched the episode on BBC One, beaten by direct competitor "All-Star Family Fortunes" on ITV1. This made "Doctor Who" third for the night behind "The X Factor" and "Family Fortunes". The episode was ranked number 1 on BBC's iPlayer the day after it aired service and was also popular on social networking site Twitter, where the phrase "Amy and Rory" trended the night it aired. When the final consolidated figures were calculated, an additional 1.57 million time-shifted viewers were added, bringing the total up to 6.77 million. With these figures it beat "Family Fortunes", which achieved a consolidated rating of only 5.39 million viewers. The episode also received attention on BBC's online iPlayer, where it placed fourth for the month of September. It was given an Appreciation Index of 86, considered "excellent".
Critical reception.
The episode received positive to mixed reviews from critics. "Radio Times" reviewer Patrick Mulkern called Whithouse's script "clever and original" and Walliams "endearing" as Gibbis, believing it was another entry into the series' "fabulous" stand-alone episodes. io9's Charlie Jane Anders was also positive, especially of the way the Doctor's character was explored through his overconfidence making others believe in him instead of themselves and praising Smith's performance. Keith Phipps of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a B+, praising the guest stars and the way the Doctor's character was explored. Neela Debnath, writing for "The Independent", also gave a positive review, praising the creepiness, Karan and Leonidas' performances, and the sadness in the ending. However, she was surprised that Amy accepted the Doctor would be leaving her despite her wanting to find her child as seen earlier in the series.
Dan Martin of "The Guardian" praised the exits of Amy and Rory and highlighted Gillan and Smith's performance, noting how more of his dark side is shown. Of the plot, he stated that it was "funny and thoughtful" but felt "like a runaround bolted on to make way for the ending". Martin later rated it the fifth best episode of the series, though the finale was not included in the list. Digital Spy's Morgan Jeffery wrote that Hurran "excelled" in directing and that the episode worked "incredibly well" on an emotional level. However, he felt it did not succeed as well in terms of plot, citing the "thin explanation" for the happenings. Gavin Fuller of "The Daily Telegraph" awarded the episode three and a half out of five stars, stating that "the surreal tone to the episode... helped camouflage the fact that the plot made very little sense". However, he praised the cast's "impressive performances", especially Smith's.
Dave Golder of "SFX" also gave "The God Complex" three and a half out of five stars, questioning some logical aspects but noting that it was "extremely witty, particularly when it comes to David Walliams's cowardly moleman Gibbis". He also did not believe Amy and Rory would be gone for long, especially as the Doctor had placed them in more perilous situations before. IGN's Matt Risely rated the episode 7 out of 10, calling it "a notably wonky episode, both in terms of tone and plot development" that came off as "a confused, slightly ill-fitting hodgepodge of a tale". While he praised Hurran's directing and the performances of Walliams and Karan, he felt the characters were sidelined near the end. Risely noted that "things certainly chugged along with a witty, sparkling vibrancy at least early on", but the tone "lost its way halfway through" culminating in a "hollow and rushed" final scene where he left Amy and Rory.

</doc>
<doc id="31049880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049880" title="Kawałek Kulki">
Kawałek Kulki

Kawałek Kulki (abrreviated as KAQ).
– a Polish band formed in 2001 in Gorzów Wielkopolski. Their music is described as a combination of rock and sung poetry and classified as alternative rock.
Their first studio album, preceded by three EPs, was released in November 2007. The second album, entitled "Noc poza domem/error", was released in April 2010.
History.
The members themselves do not know what the name of the band originated from. Błażej Król says:
“To be honest, I myself have no idea where the name "Kawałek Kulki" comes from. It was born spontaneously, as a result of brainstorming. Everyone can now make up their own story.”
2001-2005: The beginning.
The band was formed in 2001 in Wieprzyce, one of the districts of Gorzów Wielkopolski, where Paweł Turłaj, Magdalena’s brother, played along with the guitarist Błażej Król. In 2002 and 2003 the band won the music contest organized by City Cultural Centre in Gorzów Wielkopolski. It was also in 2003 that their first EP, "Wybucha Bomba", was released.
In 2004 Kawałek Kulki won both audience and best lyrics prize at Rock Festival in Gorzów Wielkopolski. Soon after, they made their debut on Radio Zachód with a song "Kolegi tata jest policjantem", featured on the second EP "Wyprawa w poszukiwaniu raf koralowych rzeki Warty z Kawałkiem Kulki w kieszeni", released in autumn 2004. In 2005 another EP, entitled "Radio Wieprzyce", was released.
2007–present: Kawałek Kulki.
In January 2007 the band performed in their hometown during a local finale of Wielka Orkiestra Świątecznej Pomocy (The Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity). In March Błażej Król received a music scholarship from the mayor of Gorzów Wielkopolski. Their debut longplay album "Kawałek kulki" was released on the 9th of November 2007 by Luna Music . The album, which consisted of 14 songs, received a generally favourable critical reaction.
At the same time the band was accused of monotony.
On the 5th of November the band performed in S-1 concert studio of Szczecin Polish Radio, presenting the material from their new album. In August 2008 Kawałek Kulki played on the forest stage during the 1st day of OFF Festival held in Mysłowice.
In July 2009 a song "Bajka", created on the basis of Tadeusz Gajcy’s poem, was included in the album "Gajcy" which was released to honour the 65th anniversary of the poet’s death. Apart from "Kawałek Kulki", on the album appeared other artists, including Kazik Staszewski, Pogodno, Maleo Reggae Rockers, Pustki, Dezerter and Lech Janerka. Moreover, most of the musicians performed on the 25th of July in Wolności Park in the Warsaw Uprising Museum during a concert promoting the material from this album.

</doc>
<doc id="31049896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049896" title="Antoine Balthazar Joachim d'André">
Antoine Balthazar Joachim d'André

Antoine Balthazar Joachim, baron d'André (2 July 1759 - 16 July 1825) was a French royalist politician.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Aix-en-Provence on July 2, 1759.
Career.
At the onset of the French Revolution he was a "conseiller" at the Parliament of Aix-en-Provence. Elected by the Second Estate as a representative of the sénéchaussée of Aix-en-Provence to the Estates-General of 1789 (also elected from Aix was the comte de Mirabeau, who though he was a nobleman was elected by the Third Estate). Following the example of Philippe, duc d'Orléans, he joined the Third Estate which became the National Constituent Assembly.
He was elected president of the National Assembly three times (1–16 August 1790; 22 December 1790 - 4 January 1791; 10–27 May 1791) and he was the second most prolific speaker, addressing the Assembly on 497 occasions (only Armand-Gaston Camus spoke more frequently). He was one of the prominent partisans pressing for a constitutional monarchy, and supported the faction known as the Monarchiens. The attempted royal flight to Varennes (20–21 June 1791)caused a crisis of faith in the monarchy, and inspired him to vote with the majority to suppress the royal executive power. Along with Adrien Duport and François Denis Tronchet he was selected to conduct the interview with Louis XVI in the aftermath. After the close of session for the National Assembly he remained in Paris, where he founded a large grocery business ("épicerie"), for which the journalists of the Left dubbed him "l'Épicier".
Accused of hoarding and suspected to plotting with the royalist émigrés, he emigrated himself, at first to Great Britain and then to Switzerland, where he placed himself in the service of the comte de Provence. In this capacity he became an active royalist; through him the British spymaster William Wickham directed the funds intended to support counter-revolutionary propaganda. Under the French Directory he returned to France in February 1797 to take in hand the electoral campaign of the royalist party, with some success, though he was not elected to the "Council of Five Hundred".
After the Coup of 18 fructidor (4 September 1797) he escaped arrest by fleeing once more to Switzerland, and remained abroad for a decade, faithful to the comte de Provence, now proclaimed "Louis XVIII" by the royalists. After Napoleon's victory at Wagram (July 1809), D'André permitted his son Antoine Joseph Maurice d'André to serve in the Imperial army, while he occupied himself with establishing a model farm near Vienna.
With the Bourbon Restoration he followed Louis XVIII to France, and was pardoned for his defection, 1809-1814, and appointed general director of police, and superindendant of the Maison du Roi.
Death.
He died at Aix-en-Provence on July 16, 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="31049905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049905" title="Legendary Masters Series">
Legendary Masters Series

Legendary Masters Series was the fourth album posthumously released in the US after Eddie Cochran's death in 1960. 
Content.
The album was released as a two album set on the United Artists label in January 1972. The catalogue number was UAS 9959.
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2
Side 3
Side 4

</doc>
<doc id="31049917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049917" title="Walnut Street Baptist Church">
Walnut Street Baptist Church

Walnut Street Baptist Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049938" title="Azumah Nelson Sports Complex">
Azumah Nelson Sports Complex

Azumah Nelson Sports Complex, also known as Kaneshie Complex, is a multi-use stadium in Accra, Ghana. The stadium was originally built during the era of the Supreme Military Council under General Acheampong in the 1970s. It was used mostly for football matches, on club level by Accra Hearts of Oak SC and Great Olympics of the Ghana Premier League while the Ohene Djan Stadium was being re-built in 2007. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators. It is named after Azumah Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="31049940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049940" title="Nunchaku (disambiguation)">
Nunchaku (disambiguation)

A nunchaku is an Okinawan martial arts weapon.
Nunchaku or Nunchuk may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31049942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049942" title="United States Army Medical Department Captains Career Course">
United States Army Medical Department Captains Career Course

The United States Army Medical Department (AMEDD) Captains Career Course (CCC) is an Officer Advance Course (OAC) taught at Fort Sam Houston, Texas that provides graduate level leadership training for all six special officer branches (corps) in the AMEDD.
The AMEDD Captains Career Course is designed to train officers to lead company or equivalent-sized organizations and serve successfully in U.S. Army staff positions. Graduates are prepared for subsequent assignments by learning the leader, tactical, and technical tasks, including the supporting knowledge and skills necessary to support joint operations across the full spectrum of military operations.
History.
In 1994 the AMEDD Director of Personnel raised the issue of a combined, all-corps AMEDD Officer Advance Course (OAC) to promote consistency in education for AMEDD officers competing for command positions.
The AMEDD Center and School (AMEDDC&S) initiated the reengineered course in 1996. The course consisted of a distance learning phase followed by ten weeks of resident training (forty-five days all corps and one week for corps-specific training).
In 2001, the Commanding General of the AMEDDC&S at the time further reduced the length of the course to nine weeks of resident training (forty-three days all corps and two days for corps-specific training).
Organization.
Academic Structure
Administrative Structure
Phases and Variations.
The AMEDD Captains Career Course is organized into two phases. Phase I consisting of distributed learning (dL) that must be complete before moving on to the next phase. Phase II consists of a temporary duty (TDY) resident phase at Fort Sam Houston, Texas.
Depending on which version of the course students are attending, Phase II can be up to nine weeks long.

</doc>
<doc id="31049944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049944" title="The Palladium at the Center for Performing Arts">
The Palladium at the Center for Performing Arts

The Palladium at the Center for Performing Arts is 1,600-seat, 151,000 sq ft state-of-the-art concert hall located in Carmel, Indiana. 
The Palladium opened on January 29, 2011 and today serves as a venue for various local and world-renowned musical concerts and performances. It is located at One Center Green, just off of the Carmel Arts and Design District. The four-fronted, symmetrical design of The Palladium, massed around the domed central space of the single room concert hall was inspired by Andrea Palladio’s Villa Capra, La Rotonda (1566). The Palladium is based upon the traditional shoebox-shaped concert hall with high ceilings and massive, sound-reflecting walls. The facility also features a limestone façade and moveable panels that can adjust the acoustics of the main hall.
The facility was designed by David M. Schwarz Architects of Washington, D.C. with local consultation by CSO Architects as Architect of Record. Indianapolis-based Shiel Sexton Co. Inc. served as construction manager.
The Palladium is home to the Michael Feinstein Great American Songbook Initiative.
It has been plagued by funding problems from the start with construction costs originally estimated at 80 million that eventually grew to over 170 million. In addition fundraising efforts have been over 90% below projections.
In September of 2011 the CEO of The Palladium abruptly resigned after less than one year. 

</doc>
<doc id="31049981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31049981" title="The Nine Lives of Chloe King">
The Nine Lives of Chloe King

The Nine Lives of Chloe King is an American fantasy drama television series which premiered on ABC Family on June 14, 2011, and ended on August 16, 2011. The one-hour drama is based on the book series of the same name by Liz Braswell. The series follows Chloe King (Skyler Samuels), a girl who discovers that she is a descendant of an ancient race of Bastet offspring called the Mai, as she attempts to learn more about her cat-like powers with her friends and protectors, while also assuming the role of the "Uniter", a warrior that can stop the war between Mai and humans. Chloe is also bestowed with nine lives and must stay alive while dealing with her love life and the mysteries behind her missing father.
In September 2011, ABC Family announced its cancellation.
Premise.
The protagonist, Chloe King, is a teenager who discovers she has special cat-like powers, including nine lives, enhanced speed, strength, hearing, agility, night vision and the ability to extend her nails like cat claws, along with the ability to sense human emotions.
When Chloe realizes a mysterious figure is shadowing her, she goes on to uncover that she is a descendant of an ancient race called the Mai. She discovers she has nine lives and is told by Jasmine and Alek that she alone can protect the race from human assassins, who have hunted them for thousands of years.
Mai.
The Mai are an ancient race of supernatural beings, the mortal descendants of the Ancient Egyptian cat goddess, Bastet. Chloe learns she is a member of them on her sixteenth birthday.
History.
The Mai once acted as defenders and companions of the human race, first as guardians for Egyptian pharaohs. Descendants of the Egyptian cat-goddess Bastet, the part-god, part-human Mai used their cat-like attributes to serve and advise humans. The Mai's role as protectors lasted until the 16th century BC when they were defeated by the Ramesses. The daughter of Ramesses III fell in love with a Mai, but the pharaoh banned their nuptials, so they eloped. When the humans and Mai learned of the union, the Mai boy was apprehended and killed by the Egyptians, causing the divide between the two races to grow deeper. As the Third Intermediate Period of Egypt began, the Mai were shunned from society and an organization called The Order emerged. The Order, a group of human assassins, began hunting the half-god race until they were nearly extinct. The fight between the Mai and the Order forced the Mai into hiding and is said to have been so violent, it is supposedly the cause of some of the world's most famous and bloodiest wars.
The Mai are also mortal enemies of the Jackals, a race descended from the Egyptian jackal-god Anubis. The Jackals are described as being filthy and savage, as well as the dregs of society. Ironically, the Mai display the same racist attitudes towards Jackals as The Order display towards the Mai themselves. According to Alek, every ancient god has offspring but only those two were introduced.
Present day.
The Mai have now spread out worldwide, with Mai settlements in such places as New York, Ukraine, San Francisco, São Paulo, Russia, and Hong Kong. Folklore predicts a "Uniter", a Mai born with nine lives, is the only one who will be able to end the Mai-Human war and restore balance between the two races. When Chloe is pushed from Coit Tower and is killed, but returns to life, her Mai peers Alek and Jasmine conclude she is the Uniter with eight remaining lives.
Characteristics.
Because of their cat-like abilities, the Mai were natural protectors of the Egyptians and possess several abilities and gifts, and also several weaknesses. Traits include:
Any intimate actions between a Mai and a human is harmful to the human, resulting in the human's paralysis or death within a few hours. Only the Uniter can be resurrected, although each death will get more painful as time goes on. In addition to nine lives, the Uniter is also an Empath, able to detect and experience the emotions of humans. Chloe can feel other species' emotions, like the Jackals, but this does not work on the Mai. According to Valentina, all Mai once had this ability.
Production.
The show is written by Daniel Berendsen and is based on Alloy Entertainment's series of three young-adult books by Elizabeth J. Braswell (originally published under the pen name Celia Thomson). Alloy produced the series.
Promotion.
In preparation for the premiere, ABCFamily.com rolled out "The Nine Paths to Chloe King", an online game encouraging users to uncover the secrets of the Mai and find The Uniter in order to unlock exclusive content and enter to win a chance to visit the set. Bloggers, or members of the Circle of Strangers, shared additional clues for the game, and users were encouraged to follow their sites as well as their Twitter feeds with the term #NinePaths.
Critical and popular response.
The series has received mostly positive reviews, gaining a score of 68 out of 100 on Metacritic. "Slate" reviewer Troy Patterson praises the series, calling it "charming" while also observing that it covers familiar ground. "Daily News" writer David Hinckley writes "ABC Family wins with mix of teen romance, supernatural powers".
The pilot episode drew over 2 million viewers when it debuted in June 2011. The season, and ultimately the series finale had dropped about half of that initial audience, drawing just over 1 million viewers.
Television film.
On January 9, 2012, during the Winter TCA Press Tour, ABC Family's president Michael Riley announced that the network was "on the verge of putting a movie into development". On September 11, 2013, "TV Guide" revealed that the working title of the movie was "The Nine Lives of Chloe King: Salvation", and that while it would not be filmed, Alloy Entertainment would release the script on September 13.

</doc>
<doc id="31050001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050001" title="Clark Dennis">
Clark Dennis

Clark Sherwood Dennis (born February 14, 1966) is an American professional golfer.
Dennis was born in Fort Worth, Texas. He played college golf at the University of Arkansas and Southern Methodist University. He turned professional in 1986.
Dennis played on both the PGA Tour (1990–91, 1994–95, 1998–99) and Nationwide Tour (1993, 1996–97, 2000). His best finishes on the PGA Tour were a pair of T-3, at the 1990 Hawaiian Open and at the 1998 Kemper Open. His best finish on the Nationwide Tour was a win at the 1993 Nike Bakersfield Open. His best finish in a major was at the 1994 U.S. Open.
Results in major championships.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half way cut<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place.<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="31050003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050003" title="Dire Dawa Stadium">
Dire Dawa Stadium

Dire Dawa Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Dire Dawa, Ethiopia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Dire Dawa City of the Ethiopian Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 18,000 spectators. It also hosted six matches during the 1976 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="31050024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050024" title="John Forbes (sailor)">
John Forbes (sailor)

John Forbes (born 29 January) is an Australian sailor. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 
John Forbes was introduced to catamaran sailing on an international level at the tender age of 12. He and father Bob went to the USA to compete in the 1982 Nacra 5.2 North American Championships where they placed fourth. The following year John and Bob attended the inaugural Nacra 5.2 World Championship where they came second, and John then travelled to Monterey Bay where, with fellow Australian David Renouf, they finished 4th place in the Nacra 5.8 North American Championship.
After this "deep-end dunking" as a crew John took over the helm of various types of catamarans and with brother Rod on a Nacra 5.2 won the 1985 Australian Combined High Schools Championship outright, winning a couple of the races in the series on handicap/yardstick as well as outright.
John, with Rod as crew, also came 3rd in the 1985 Nacra NSW State Championship, 1st in the 1986 Nacra NSW State Championship, 2nd in the Prindle 18 National Championship and 4th in the Nacra Australian Championship.
John's first introduction to the International Tornado Class was at the 1986/87 Australian Championship in Perth where, whilst only 16 he helmed his first Tornado catamaran and placed 10th amongst a star studded fleet including Multi Olympic Gold Medallist Poul Elvstrom, “the Great Dane”.
John's youthful success and versatility, together with his accumulated competitive experience on different sized catamarans, resulted in him being approached by 1984 Olympic Bronze Medallist Chris Cairns, who asked John to sail with him. Together they won the 1987 Kiel Week Regatta followed by a second place in the 1987 Tornado Class World Championship.
In 1989 John teamed up with Hobie legend Rod Waterhouse to win the Australian Tornado Championship with a perfect score winning all 8 heats. Rod Waterhouse's inability to travel overseas in 1989 led John to join up with long time sailing rival Mitch Booth and together they won the 1989 World Championship (Houston, Texas) by an astounding 36 points from their good friend Giorgio Zuccoli from Italy. They also won the 1990 and 1991 Australian Tornado Championships.
A role reversal in 1991 saw John again taking over the helm to win the inaugural Nacra 5.8 World Championship (Harvey Bay, Queensland). Mitch and John's credits also include winning the `92, `93 & `94 Tornado Australian Championships and in 1992 they won their second Tornado World Championship (Perth, Australia).
Gold and Silver medals were also won in the 1990 and 1991 Barcelona Pre-Olympic Games respectively, and the pair were rewarded when they won a Bronze Medal at the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games. 
As a result they were jointly awarded the prestigious New South Wales Yachtsman of the Year trophy in November 1991 and again in 1992. As a final toast they were honoured, again jointly, with the distinguished award - as 1992 Ampol Australian Yachtsman of the Year.
A creditable second place was scored at the 1993 Tornado World Championship (Long Beach, USA) and was followed up by a third place at the 1994 World Championship (Bastard, Sweden).
A twelve year relationship with the Tornado Class has also seen John give back an enormous amount of personal time and effort to both the Australian International Tornado Association (AITA) and the International Tornado Association (ITA). He was elected President of the AITA in 1994 taking over the reigns from Dr Peter Blaxland who had been President for the past 20 years. John's significant contributions to the Class both nationally and internationally led him to be re-elected again in 1996. At the ITA AGM in Canada in August, 1995 John was also elected as President of the ITA in charge of International and Olympic affairs and was also responsible for the election of the new younger and pro¬active Technical Committee of the ITA.
January 1995 saw a major change to John's Olympic Tornado Campaign with the much publicised break-up with partner Mitch Booth.
John teamed up with his main competitor and long time catamaran sailor Darren Bundock who had impressed Forbes during his 1992 Olympic Games Campaign. Together they established a successful two-boat training campaign as part of their lead-up to the 1996 Selection Regattas. 
Their successes stream-rolled by winning both the Sail Sydney Regatta and the NSW State Titles. An outstanding result at the Pre-Olympic Regatta in Atlanta saw the pair place 4th.
One week later they followed up at the 1995 Worlds in Kingston, Canada with a final placing of 14th (8th Nation). Not bad considering on the second day of racing they were cut in half by an Austrian Team and were forced to miss both heats 2 & 3 of the series as their hull was beyond repair.
January 1996 saw Forbes and Bundock win the Australian Championship by a clear 10 points from a star studded International fleet in preparation for the 1996 World Championships. At the 1996 World Championship (Mooloolaba, Australia), Forbes and Bundock finished a brilliant third overall.
With the Olympic Selections up for grabs these two sailors believed they had proven beyond doubt that they were at the elite level required to bring home a Gold Medal from Atlanta. However, as a result of the Australian Yachting Federation changing the AOC endorsed Olympic Selection Criteria after the first of the two Olympic Selection Regattas had been completed, John and Darren were denied selection to the Australian Olympic Team and forced to set their sights on Sydney 2000. Determined by the disappointment of denial of Olympic Selection, John and Darren kept the momentum of their Olympic campaign with training partner Andrew Macpherson. John and Darren dominated the Australian Tornado Regatta circuit and won the 1996 NSW and QLD State Championships.
1997 saw John and Darren top the Australian Yachting circuit by defending their National title crown in Perth, winning the International Sail Melbourne, Go for Gold regatta and placing second in the Sail Sydney regatta. John and Darren placed best Australian in both the 1997 NSW State Titles (3rd overall) and the Australian International Regatta, Sydney (2nd overall), a 5th place (3rd Nation) at the 1997 World Championship in Bermuda and then topped off the year by winning the 1997 Sydney International Regatta.
1998 started off with John and Darren winning their third Australian Championship in a row. In May and June they went off to Europe to place third at both the European Championships in Greece and the Kiel Week event in Germany as well as winning the Danish Spring Cup and placing the best Australian in the Dutch Spa Regatta.
In September, John and Darren sailed away with the GOLD at the Sydney Harbour Regatta, organized by SOCOG as the first ever Sydney 2000 Olympic Test event.
In November John and Darren achieved their greatest feat to date winning both the South American Championship and the 1998 World Championship (Buzios, Brazil). They never looked back, winning the World Championship by an incredible 18 points from long time training partners Roland Gaebler and Rene Schwall (Germany). This win made John the first ever Tornado sailor to win three world championships. Since 1967 there were eight sailors who had previously won two world championships but 31 years after the inaugural event Forbes became the first person to make it three wins.
John and Darren started of 1999 the way they left 1998 by winning Sail Melbourne which was represented by six nations. February saw the pair cross the Tasman to dominate the Sail Auckland regatta.
By the end of 1999 they had finished a four month European campaign and captured the Number 1 spot on the prestigious ISAF O’Neill World Rankings after winning the Princess Sofia Trophy (Spain), the European Championship (Spain), Kiel Week (Germany) and placing 3rd in Hyeres and 4th at the World Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark. By the end of January 2000 they were selected into the Olympic Team to represent Australia in their hometown Sydney 2000 Olympic Games where they won the Silver medal. The Gold medal was won by Roman Hagara and Hans Peter Steinacher from Austria with it being Austria's first ever Gold medal at the summer Olympics. 
Their achievements after Sydney 2000 continued with Bundock and Forbes clean streaking the 2001 Tornado regatta program by winning the World Championship in Richards Bay, South Africa in February and their second European Championship in Silvaplana, Switzerland in August. They also won the 2001/02 Australian Championship for the fourth time together (Forbes’ 10th time) and the 2002 NSW State Titles.
Awards and rewards were also forthcoming. 
On 11th December 2001 Darren and John were one of five finalists for the NSW Institute of Sports “Athlete of the Year”. Other finalists included (first ever female) World Rowing Champions Vicky Roberts and Julia Wilson, Triathlete Peter Robertson, Louise Savage from wheelchair track and road and swimmer (and winner) Ian Thorpe.
On 17th December 2001 John was inducted into the Sydney Northern Beaches Hall of Fame alongside other famous sporting personalities including surfing’s Tom Carrol, Netball’s Anne Sargeant and Swimming’s John Devitt.
On 27th February 2002 Darren and John were awarded the Australian Institute of Sport top “Athlete/Team of the Year”.
This was then followed by Darren and John being awarded the “2001/02 BEA Australian Sailor of the Year” award at Darling Harbour on 8th June 2002. Darren & John were ecstatic with this announcement having previously been finalist in 1999 and 2000 and it being ten years since John previously won the award after his 1992 World Championship and 1992 Barcelona Bronze Medal haul.
Darren and John continued their success in 2003 winning the three biggest and most important Tornado Regattas of the year being the 2003 European Championship (Gran Canaries), the 2003 Athens Test Event (Pre-Olympics) and the 2003 World Championship (Cadiz, Spain - 72 boats from 26 nations). The win for Darren and John put them again in the record books as it was John’s incredible sixth Tornado World Championship Title (1989,92,98,01,02,03) and Darren’s fourth (98,01,02,03). Forbes equalled that of Brazilian sailor Robert Schiedt who had recently won six Laser dinghy class World Titles. Combine all of that with winning the 2003 Sail Melbourne regatta in January and the pair were selected to represent Australia at the Athens 2004 Olympic Games and were earmarked by many as being the Gold medal favourites.
As a result of the successes both in 2002 and 2003 Darren and John also received the following accolades:
Australian Institute of Sport – Team of the Year.
Australian Yachting Federation – Male Sailors of the Year.
NSW Yachting Association – Male Sailors of the Year.
NSW Institute of Sport – Team Athletes of the Year.
International Sailing Federation – Rolex World Sailor of the Year - finalist.
Whilst the Greek wind Gods didn't show up on time for the Tornado event in Athens, John and Darren still finished a credible 6th place overall and, after three Olympic Games and 18 years at World and Olympic level sailing, Forbes announced his retirement from the sport. Darren Bundock continued sailing Tornado catamarans and, with Glenn Ashby as Forbes' replacement, they went on to win a further world championship and the Silver medal at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. Both Darren and Glenn then joined the highly spectacular and successful 2013 America's Cup teams.

</doc>
<doc id="31050033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050033" title="Vol. 2 (Breaking Through)">
Vol. 2 (Breaking Through)

Volume 2 (Breaking Through) is a psychedelic rock album by The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band. The group's second album, it was released in 1967 on Reprise (R 6270 mono, RS 6270 stereo). On the back of original LP release appears 'Breaking Through' and the declaration: "Every song in this album has been written, arranged, sung and played by the group. No one censored us. We got to say everything we wanted to say, in the way we wanted to say it".
Track listing.
All tracks written by Bob Markley and Shaun Harris, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="31050062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050062" title="Abebe Bikila Stadium">
Abebe Bikila Stadium

Abebe Bikila Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Dedebit F.C. of the Ethiopian Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 30,000 spectators. It is named after Abebe Bikila.

</doc>
<doc id="31050065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050065" title="Haruko (musician)">
Haruko (musician)

Haruko is the pseudonym of German singer, songwriter, and guitarist Susanne Stanglow.

</doc>
<doc id="31050119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050119" title="Ala'ab Damanhour Stadium">
Ala'ab Damanhour Stadium

Ala'ab Damanhour Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Damanhour, Egypt. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Ala'ab Damanhour. The stadium has a capacity of 8,000 spectators. It also hosted three matches during the 1974 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="31050128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050128" title="Climate of Uttar Pradesh">
Climate of Uttar Pradesh

The climate of Uttar Pradesh (U.P.) is primarily defined as "humid subtropical with dry winter" (CWa) type with parts of Eastern U.P. as "semi-arid" (BS) type. Alternatively, some authors refer to it as "tropical monsoon". Variations do exist in different parts of the large state, however the uniformity of the vast Indo-Gangetic Plain forming bulk of the state gives a predominantly single climatic pattern to the state with minor regional variations. 
U.P. has a climate of extremes. With temperatures fluctuating anywhere from 0 °C to 50 °C in several parts of the state and cyclical droughts and floods due to unpredictable rains, the summers are extremely hot, winters cold and 
rainy season can be either very wet or very dry.
Background.
The climate of Uttar Pradesh can be described using any one of the broad classification systems developed by climatologists over the years.
What is climate?
The word climate is derived from Ancient Greek "klima", meaning "inclination". It is defined by the American Meteorological Society as the weather averaged over a long period of time. The standard averaging period is 30years, but other periods may be used depending on the purpose. Climate also includes statistics other than the average, such as the magnitudes of day-to-day or year-to-year variations. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) glossary definition is:
The difference between climate and weather is usefully summarized by the popular phrase .
Classification systems.
Among the several ways to classify climate, two primary types of climate classification are broadly followed - "empirical classification system" (based on statistical information) and "genetic classification system" (based on cause/origin of different climatic phenomenons). Overtime the "empirical" systems have become more prevalent. Of these, the Köppen climate classification is most widely recognized.
Köppen climate classification.
First developed by climatologist Wladimir Köppen in 1884, and still one of the most widely used, it had 5 major groups each denoted by a primary alphabet A,B, C, D and E. Very rarely, alphabet H is used to represent a separate group. Second (secondary) and third (tertiary) alphabets are used to depict further refinement and subdivisions for representation of each sub-category. This model is primarily empirical type as such based primarily on seasonal distribution ("mean/average" and "variances") of temperature and precipitation for a given location.
The name of the primary symbol and their representative groups are defined as below:
Group H, occasionally used, represents "Montane" or "Alpine climate" but often it is just considered to be a sub-division of Group E and not a separate group in itself.
Group A,C,D and E have "temperature" as the main classification criteria. Only B is "precipitation" based. Further on, the "secondary" symbol is primarily "precipitation" based and "tertiary" symbol is primarily "temperature" based sub-classifications.
Based on Köppen classification, India has the following climate types in the country:
Am - Tropical Monsoon
Aw - Tropical Savannah/ Tropical wet & dry
BSh - Tropical and sub-tropical steppe
BS - Semi arid Steppe
BWh - Tropical desert/Arid
CWa - Humid sub-tropical with dry winter
E - Alpine
Seasons of India.
Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) breakdowns the climate of India into the following seasons: 
This classification is primarily Monsoon centric given the vast effect that it casts on the lives and agriculture of India.
Classification of the Uttar Pradesh climate.
The climate of Uttar Pradesh is generally defined to be "tropical monsoon type". However based on the Köppen climate classification, it can be classified mostly as "Humid Subtropical with dry winter (CWa) type" with parts of Eastern U.P. as "Semi-Arid (BS) type" (refer to map of India above)
Based on IMD classification, UP has the following three predominant seasons:
Retreating Monsoon season, although existent, has a very negligible effect in Uttar Pradesh and only occasional mild showers are experienced in winter. Some of these showers are not even due to the Monsoon but due to western disturbances.
The primary temperature, rainfall and wind features of the three Distinct Seasons of U.P. can be summarized as below:
Given significant climatic differences, U.P. has been divided into two meteorological sub-divisions - U.P. East and U.P. West.
Geographical terrain.
The state of Uttar Pradesh is in the heart of Indo-Gangetic Plain with River Ganges flowing right through it, Himalayas to the north of it and the Chota Nagpur Plateau and the Vindhyas to the south of it.
Temperature.
Temperature varies from 0 to 46 °Cs. High temperatures of around 50 °C have been recorded in Gonda district of U.P.
Given such a wide range of temperature fluctuations in most parts of the state, it can lead to either cold waves or heat waves both resulting in substantial loss of live and economy.
Heat waves.
In 2007, Banda with 45.5 °C temperature was the leader in terms of hot districts of U.P. for several days. At least 62, people were reportedly dead during the heat wave that year. In June 2009, 30 people died of heatstroke in U.P. Highest temperatures reached 49 °C in Bundelkhand district of northern U.P. In June 2010, Jhansi recorded the highest temperature of 46.7 °C, the hottest for U.P. for that year.
Cold waves.
In recent years, winters at the end of 2007 and beginning of year 2008 caused a string of cold-wave related deaths in U.P. with temperatures as low as 2.8 °C in the city of Meerut, U.P. Simultaneously it also led to a loss of crops and agricultural produce. Similarly last part of 2009, saw the mercury-dipping to lows of 2.9 °C in Meerut again causing loss of human life. 
End of 2010 and starting of 2011 was no different with winters bringing news of cold-wave related deaths. This time Churk town in Mirzapur district ranked coldest with 1.4 °C.
Precipitation.
It rains over most of U.P. with very few arid or semi-arid patches. Snowfall is negligible but hail-storms, frost and dew occur often in U.P. The type of rainfall that U.P. receives is orographic, cyclonic and convectional.
Rain.
Primarily a summer phenomenon, the Bay of Bengal branch of the Indian Monsoon is the major bearer of rain in most parts of U.P. It is the South-West Monsoon which brings most of the rain here, although rain due to the "western disturbances" and North-East Monsoon also contribute small quantities towards the overall precipitation of the state.
The rain in U.P. can vary from an annual average of 170 cm in hilly areas to 84 cm in Western U.P. Given the concentration of most of this rainfall in the 4 months of Monsoon period, excess rain can lead to floods and shortage to droughts. As such these two phenomenons of floods and droughts are a common recurrence in the state.
Floods in U.P..
Floods are a known hazard of U.P. due to overflowing of its main rivers like Ganga, Yamuna, Ramganga, Gomti, Sharda, Ghaghra, Rapti and Gandak. Estimated annual losses due to floods in U.P. is . Major flood management efforts have been undertaken to mitigate the risk. Most of these floods occur due to the Monsoon rains and overflowing of rivers during the rainy periods. Year 2010 witnessed one such year of flooding in U.P.
Droughts in Uttar Pradesh.
Shortage of rain during the highly variable Monsoon season can cause droughts in U.P. leading to severe loss to man and property. Recent 2002 and 2004 drought related financial estimates have been reported to be and .
The recurrence of a major deficiency in annual rainfall follows a 6-8years cycle in Eastern U.P. whereas in Western U.P., it is a 10 years cycle.
Snowfall.
Snowfall doesn't occur in Uttar Pradesh.
Wind.
In summers, hot winds called "loo" blow all across U.P. They are dust-laden and quite damaging. In winters, dry and rainless winds blow across the state. Fog may also form in parts of U.P.

</doc>
<doc id="31050140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050140" title="René Schwall">
René Schwall

René Schwall (born 29 January 1970) is a German sailor.

</doc>
<doc id="31050142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050142" title="Claude Myburgh">
Claude Myburgh

Major Claude John Myburgh (4 July 1911 – 10 October 1987) was an English cricketer and British Army officer. Myburgh was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire and was educated at St Lawrence College, Ramsgate where he played for the college cricket team.
Myburgh made his debut for Devon in the 1933 Minor Counties Championship against Cornwall. From 1933 to 1934, he represented Devon in five further matches, playing his final Championship match against Cornwall. In August 1933, he played his only first-class match for the Army against the touring West Indians. In this match he scored an unbeaten 13 runs in the Army first-innings. With the ball he took a single wicket, that of West Indian captain Jackie Grant.
By 1932, Myburgh had graduated from the Royal Military College with the rank of 2nd Lieutenant and was serving in the Worcestershire Regiment. He eventually reached the rank of Major. He had two daughters, Sarah Georgina Myburgh and Pauline Carol Myburgh, who married Sir Benjamin Slade. Their marriage ended in 1991. Myburgh died at Inholmes Court in Hartley Wintney, Hampshire on 10 October 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31050143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050143" title="Dyonyx">
Dyonyx

DYONYX LP, was founded in 1996, DYONYX LP, is an information technology consulting, outsourcing and IT services firm. Consulting services include regulatory compliance, security assessments, risk assessments, gap analysis, business process optimization and high level IT strategy. Managed Services include Virtual Cloud Services, ITIL Aligned Service Desk (Help Desk), managed network and security, disaster recovery, and hosted Exchange. IT Services include implementation and support for enterprise architecture, BC/DR, IT assessments & strategic planning, technology migrations and implementations, program management / PMO's. Today, DYONYX has offices in Houston, Dallas and Washington, DC, over 175 full time consultants and both commercial and government customers. 
• Founded in 1996<br>
• Headquartered in Houston, Texas<br>
• Offices in Dallas and Washington, DC<br>
• Average Consultant Experience: 15 years <br>
• Federal GSA Schedule<br>
• Navy Seaport-E Contract

</doc>
<doc id="31050160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050160" title="Andrei Kulebin">
Andrei Kulebin

Andrei "Bullet" Kulebin (born 14 May 1984 in Neustrelitz, Germany) is a Belarusian Muay Thai welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Minsk, Belarus for Gym "Kick Fighter". He is an 18 time Muay Thai and kickboxing world champion who has won international titles both at amateur and professional level from 51 kg to 67 kg and is considered one of the top pound for pound Muay Thai fighters outside of Thailand. In 2007 he was the first ever Muay Thai fighter in Belarus to be awarded the "Honored Master of Sport" by the countries president.
Career/Biography.
Andrei began his kickboxing education at the age of eight in Minsk where he studied Taekwondo, only to switch to Muay Thai four years later, aged twelve, when he joined his (still) current club Gym "Kick Fighter", run by trainer Evgeni Dobrotvorski. At his new gym he had access to some of the best facilities in Belarus, training with future world champions such as Dmitry Shakuta, Andrei Kotsur, Aliaksei Pekarchyk and Vasily Shish. As a teenager he competed in a number of amateur competitions in Belarus, winning the junior national title at 38 kg as well as making his pro debut in 1999. In 2001 he came third at the I.A.M.T.F. Amateur Muay Thai World Championships in Bangkok, Thailand and went even better later that year winning gold in the 51 kg category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships in 2001. Success in the amateur circuit transferred across to the professional game in 2002 where Andrei defeated compatriot Alexei Talantov to win the World Kickboxing Network (W.K.N.) European title, followed swiftly by the organizations intercontinental title, also in 2002. Between 2002 and 2005 Andrei won more titles – winning gold medals at the I.A.M.T.F. (world & European), W.A.K.O. and W.M.F. world championships, as well as claiming two W.K.N. professional world titles at super bantamweight and featherweight respectively. He also suffered his first ever professional defeat losing to Rudolf Durica in an unsuccessful attempt for Durica's W.P.M.F. title at the King's Birthday event in Bangkok, Thailand at the end of 2005. Bt 2006, at the age of 21, Andrei had won seven world titles.
In October, 2006 Andrei entered the annual W.M.C. I-1 World Muay Thai Grand Prix, an eight man competition for some of the top Muay Thai fighters at 63.5 kg. He emerged victorious at the tournament in Hong Kong, gaining revenge over the man who had inflicted his first pro defeat and reigning I-1 champion, Rudolph Durica, in the semi finals, before defeating Santichai Or Boonchauy in the final. He re-entered the W.M.C. I-1 World Grand Prix again the next year as defending champion once more defeating the two men he had faced the previous year, beating Santichai in the semi finals and Durica in the final. His victory in Hong Kong was tempered somewhat by his defeat against Neung Songnarong and the loss of the W.K.N. intercontinental title he had won back in 2002 (strangely this was Andrei's first defence of the title in five years due to a lack of suitable opposition). He also had success on the amateur circuit winning an incredible three world championships in one year; W.M.F., W.A.K.O. and I.F.M.A. He followed up this success the following year by once again winning the W.M.C. I-1 World Grand Prix, for the third successive year.
2009 was another successful year for Andrei, winning the W.M.C. featherweight title from reigning world champion Mosab Amrani at the Champions of Champions II event in Jamaica and then defending his title by knocking out Michael Dicks towards the end of the year, with a spectacular head kick. Sandwiched between these title fights was a tournament win at the inaugural W.K.N. Big-8 competition held in Andrei's home town of Minsk. The next year was not quite as successful as he suffered three defeats to Thai opposition losing to Jeeprasak Inudom at the quarter final stage of the I.F.M.A. world championships (the first time in years he had failed to make at least the podium at an amateur championship) and twice to Sudsakorn Sor Klinmee in W.K.N. events, both of which were for prestigious titles within the organization. Despite a relatively unsuccessful year, Andrei still had time to win two world titles, winning the W.M.C. I-1 tournament for the fourth time and the little-known World Dynamite Thaiboxing title against Imran Khan in Sheffield, as well as gold at the IFMA European Championships. At the beginning of 2011 Kulebin won another medal at amateur level, winning gold at the I.F.M.A. European championships in Antalya, Turkey.
On 31 March 2012 he was defeated by Liam Harrison in Manchester, UK by TKO in round 3.
He defeated Crice Boussoukou via decision in the quarter-finals of the 2012 Thai Fight 67 kg Tournament at "Thai Fight 2012: King of Muay Thai" in Bangkok, Thailand on October 23, 2012.
He then beat Adaylton Pereira de Freitas by decision in the tournament semi-finals in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand on November 25, 2012.
He lost to Singmanee Kaewsamrit on points again in the final on December 16, 2012.
On May 6, 2013, Kulebin defeated Umar Semata and Petchaswin Seatransferry to win the "MAX Muay Thai 1" tournament in Surin, Thailand.
He will fight Saenchai PKSaenchaimuaythaigym at "Combat Renaissance" in China on September 17, 2013.
He lost to eventual champion Sagetdao Petpayathai on points in the semi-finals of the "MAX Muay Thai 5: The Final Chapter" tournament in Khon Kaen, Thailand on December 10, 2013.
He defeated Yang Zhou via UD at "Combat Banchamek" in Surin, Thailand on April 14, 2014.
Kulebin was initially set to fight Lee Sung-Hyun at the "K-1 World MAX 2013 World Championship Tournament Final" in Pattaya, Thailand on July 26, 2014. The event was postponed due to the 2014 Thai coup d'état, however.
Titles.
Professional
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="31050166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050166" title="Algazira Stadium">
Algazira Stadium

Algazira Stadium, also spelled Al-Jazeera Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Wad Madani, Sudan. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Al-Ahli of the Sudan Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="31050177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050177" title="Barcelona 1992 Olympic Official Commemorative Medals">
Barcelona 1992 Olympic Official Commemorative Medals

The Barcelona 1992 Olympic Official Commemorative Medals Set is a numismatic collection composed of 16 medals, commemorating the 1992 Summer Olympics that held in Barcelona. They share a common reverse designed by Josep Maria Trias (the logo designer) with the logo of the games, and 16 different patterns on the obverse. The number 16 was chosen because the Games lasted sixteen days. 
On 9 December 1988, the CEO of the Barcelona Olympic Games Josep Miquel Abad, and the manager of the company Argentfí SA (a Barcelona based Company that ceased trading in 2001) Josefa Martínez Ortega, signed a contract under which the COOB'92 (Organizing Committee of Olympic Games Barcelona '92) granted the concession to that company for the manufacture, transmission and marketing of the series of official commemorative medals of the Games of XXV Summer Olympics.
On 12 December 1988, in the Museu i Centre d'Estudis de l'Esport Doctor Melcior Colet of the Generalitat of Catalonia has been presented the first medal of the series in which the logo appeared on the reverse and mascot Cobi designed by Javier Mariscal on the obverse. Emissions have continued with fifteen more obverses created by Josep Ramisa and Jordi Ramisa, with the most important monuments of Barcelona and the city itself. The complete collection of 16 medals was presented again in Museu i Centre d'Estudis de l'Esport Doctor Melcior Colet on 13 December 1991.
The medals was produced with the following specifications, alloys and weights: 

</doc>
<doc id="31050187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050187" title="David Coleman (disambiguation)">
David Coleman (disambiguation)

David Coleman (1926–2013) was a British sports commentator.
David Coleman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31050190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050190" title="AQC">
AQC

AQC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31050230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050230" title="Spey River (Tasman)">
Spey River (Tasman)

The Spey River is a river in the Tasman Mountains in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand.
The river drains Lake Aorere near the Aorere Saddle, and is fed by numerous small streams draining the Gouland Range on the west and part of the Domett Range (which the river bisects) on the east. It flows north then east before joining the upper reaches of the Aorere River.

</doc>
<doc id="31050236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050236" title="Kohei Shimizu (skier)">
Kohei Shimizu (skier)

At the 2011 Asian Winter Games he won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 kilometre relay event, together with Keishin Yoshida, Masaya Kimura, and Nobu Naruse, behind the Kazakhstani team.
He competed at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31050279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050279" title="Stanley (SMJR) railway station">
Stanley (SMJR) railway station

Stanley railway station was located in the Scottish village of Stanley, Perthshire. The station was the junction where the Perth and Dunkeld Railway diverged from the Scottish Midland Junction Railway running between Perth and Arbroath.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Midland Junction Railway, and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="31050280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050280" title="Inside Outside (Petra Blaisse)">
Inside Outside (Petra Blaisse)

Inside Outside was founded by Dutch designer Petra Blaisse in 1991. The firm combine expertise in various fields including landscape architecture, textile design and interior design.
Petra Blaisse worked in collaboration with Rem Koolhaas and the Office for Metropolitan Architecture on many projects including Seattle Central Library (Seattle, 2004), Casa da Música (Porto, 2001–2005), CCTV HQ (Beijing, 2004–2009).The firm also collaborated with architectural firm SANAA for the glass pavilion of the Toledo Museum of Art (Toledo, Ohio, 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="31050284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050284" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Individual large hill">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Individual large hill

The Men's Individual large hill ski jumping event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 was held on 3 March 2011 at 17:00 CET. The qualification for this event was planned for 2 March 2011 at 18:00 CET, but it was postponed due to wind and fog to 3 March 2011 at 15:30 CET. Andreas Küttel of Switzerland was the defending world champion while his fellow country man Simon Ammann was the Olympic champion.

</doc>
<doc id="31050286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050286" title="Government of Juan José Torres, 1970–71">
Government of Juan José Torres, 1970–71

General Juan José Torres had taken the Presidency 7 October 1970, and formed his cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="31050306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050306" title="Real Comedy (Ukraine)">
Real Comedy (Ukraine)

Real Comedy (Ukraine) is a Ukrainian stand-up comedy television show. 
The show was created by former members of the Comedy Club UA and Comedy Club Andriy Molochny and Anton Lirnyk who are known for their performance as a comic-duo "Chekhov's duet". The project is part of the Comedy Club Production initiatives that established the Comedy Club in Moscow followed by several spin-offs across the territory of the former Soviet Union including Ukraine. 
The new project conducts the battle of candidates providing the current rating for each performer (individual or collective).
See also.
Faina Yukraina

</doc>
<doc id="31050310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050310" title="Samuel Reber">
Samuel Reber

Samuel Reber (July 15, 1903 – December 25, 1971) was a diplomat who spent 27 years in the Foreign Service of the United States, including several years with the Allied High Commission for Germany. Threats by Senator Joseph McCarthy to reveal a homosexual incident in his past forced him to resign quietly from the State Department in 1953. McCarthy later publicly alleged that Reber had been forced to retire because he posed a "security risk."
Family.
Samuel Reber, Jr., was born on July 15, 1903, in East Hampton, New York, to a military family. His father, U.S. Army Signal Corps Colonel Samuel Reber (1864–1933), was an 1886 graduate of West Point, and his mother Cecelia Sherman Miles (1869–1952) was the daughter of Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles. He attended Groton School and graduated from Harvard University in 1925, where he rowed on the eight-man crew.
Career.
Reber joined the Foreign Service in May 1926 and the next year took up his first overseas assignment as Vice Consul in Lima, Peru. During a troubled period for the government of Liberia during which Western powers pressured it to prohibit slavery, contract labor, and the sale of children, Reber joined the U.S. embassy in Monrovia, Liberia, as secretary and consul, and later "chargé d'affaires" from July 1929 to February 1931. When the Liberian government agreed to accept advice and oversight from the League of Nations, Reber served as the U.S. representative on the League's commission.
He became third secretary of the U.S. delegation to the General Disarmament Conference in Geneva beginning in February 1932. In 1935 and 1936, he served as technical adviser to the U.S. delegation at the London Naval Conference in 1935-36. He was next secretary of the U.S. embassy in Rome and then returned to the U.S. for three years. 
He went overseas again for a short assignment in Martinique, then in control of Vichy France, to seek guarantees that French possessions, ships, and planes in the Caribbean would not be used by the Axis powers. The French agreed to disarm their ships and the U.S. used these negotiations to underscore Pierre Laval's weakness as head of the Vichy government and gain advantages from Vichy's need to avoid direct conflict with the U.S. 
Reber next joined the Allied Military Mission to Italy and then the Allied Control Commission in Italy. He undertook a special mission to North Africa in 1943 on behalf of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. In 1944, he went to Europe as the U.S. representative to the new French government with the rank of minister, and then to London.
He became a political officer on the staff of the Supreme Headquarters of the Allies in Paris. In 1946 he was political adviser to the U.S. delegation to the Council of Foreign Ministers Conference in Paris and the next year was director of the State Department's Office of European Affairs.
Reber represented the State Department in negotiations among deputy foreign ministers for an Austrian peace treaty in the years following World War II. There, according to "Life", he "endured two years of Soviet insult and frustration." At one point he moved that the talks be suspended because of Russia's demands for control of Austrian oil industry resources. According to the "New York Times", he "played a major role in shaping the Austrian Government."
Reber joined the staff of the Allied High Commission as a political adviser to John J. McCloy, U.S. High Commissioner for Germany, in May 1950. He served in the post of U.S. Acting High Commissioner for Germany from December 11, 1952, to February 10, 1953. In this position he shared confidences with Konrad Adenauer during ongoing negotiations about the formation of a European Defense Community. He shared his critical assessment of Winston Churchill's 1953 thoughts of an alliance of Great Britain, the U.S., West Germany, and Spain: "The grand old man had apparently again drunk too much whiskey and felt himself back in the time of his ancestor, the Duke of Marlborough!" He later served as Deputy High Commissioner. In the spring of 1953, Roy Cohn and David Schine visited several German cities as investigators for the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. Reber provided them with an aide to make travel arrangements, but he refused to support them when they denounced Theodore Kaghan, Deputy Director of the Public Affairs Division for the High Commissioner's office, for his radical past.
Resignation.
Reber announced his retirement in May 1953, effective in July when he turned 50, just days after attending a party honoring a retiring senior official with the Commission, Theodore Kaghan, who resigned after testifying before Senator Joseph McCarthy's Senate Investigation Committee. Kaghan had mocked two of McCarthy's staff members, Roy Cohn and David Schine, as "junketeering gumshoes" when they toured Europe to investigate un-American publications held in the libraries of the United States Information Service.
As part of the investigation of security risks in the upper echelons of the State Department prompted by McCarthy's charges of disloyalty and homosexuality, Reber was subjected to security interviews and a polygraph test on March 17 and 19, 1953. A senior investigator notified Secretary of State John Foster Dulles that "Reber has made a lot of admissions" about homosexuality. The polygraph operator determined that Reber had never had sexual relations with other State Department personnel, so he was not asked to name others. The rationale for his forced resignation became widely known within diplomatic circles and helped intimidate others. Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., wrote to Adlai Stevenson that "The most eminent recent victim is, of all people, Samel Reber, who apparently is being forced out on a vague homosexual allegation, fifteen years old. And the thing is reaching the point where, as John Davies told me, the very fact of accusation makes a man, in the eyes of these thugs, a future risk...As some one said, we have passed beyond the Kafka phase, and are moving into Dostoievsky."
In April 1954, Reber's older brother, Major General Miles Reber, a West Point graduate, testified on the first day of the Army–McCarthy hearings. He had served as Chief of Army legislative liaison and then become commanding general of the Western Area Command in Europe. He thought McCarthy's attempt to influence the Army's assignment of Schine was unremarkable, but of Cohn's insistent phone calls he said here was "no instance under which I was put under greater pressure." McCarthy responded by charging that Samuel Reber had attacked Cohn and Schine repeatedly and had them followed on their 1953 European investigation. The General denied any knowledge of such activity and said it would not have influenced him. McCarthy asked: "Are you aware of the fact that your brother was allowed to resign when charges that he was a bad security risk were made against him as a result of the investigation of this committee?" Senators objected. "Time" reported: "General Reber sat in silence, gripping the edges of the witness table until his knuckles showed white. Finally, McCarthy, having made his point over radio and television, dismissed the entire question as unimportant, and grandly said he would withdraw it." Eventually the General replied: "As I understand my brother's case, he retired, as he is entitled to do by law, upon reaching the age of 50...I know nothing about any security case involving him."
Later years.
Reber later served as Executive Secretary of Goethe Haus in New York City. In 1958, the Federal Republic of Germany awarded him its Knight Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit.
Reber died in Princeton, New Jersey, on December 25, 1971.
Reber never married. His brother Major General Miles Reber survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="31050327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050327" title="Anastassiya Slonova">
Anastassiya Slonova

Anastasia Slonova (born 1991) is a Kazakhstani cross-country skier.
At the 2011 Asian Winter Games she was part of the winning Kazakhstani team on the 4 x 5 kilometre relay, together with Elena Kolomina, Oxana Yatskaya and Svetlana Malahova-Shishkina.
She competed at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31050335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050335" title="Bruno Rahmen">
Bruno Rahmen

Bruno Rahmen (born 15 October 1948) is a former Swiss football player and manager.
Private Life.
After his football career Rahmen worked for the Basler chemical industry and advanced to Sales Executive before his retirement. He married Marlis in 1966 and they have two sons Patrick and Micha, both of whom also became professional footballers. From July 2007 until October 2011 Patrick Rahmen was trainer and manager of the FC Basel U-21 squad, presently he is assistant to Thorsten Fink at Hamburger SV in the Fussball-Bundesliga.
Football career.
Rahmen started his football with the youth teams of FC Riehen and also played in their amateur 2. Liga first team. In 1966 he signed for FC Basel and played with them for ten years, winning the Swiss League Championship five times, the Swiss Cup twice and the Swiss League Cup once.
In the summer of 1976 Rahmen transferred to FC Luzern (then in the second division) and played for them for five years, winning promotion with his team in the 1978/79 season. Bruno Rahmen finished his playing career as player-manager by BSC Old Boys in the top Swiss Amateur League.
During the period 1983-1985 Bruno Rahmen was manager of FC Luzern. During 1992 he was also caretaker manager of Basel for a short time, together with Karl Odermatt, after Ernst August Künnecke was sacked and before Friedel Rausch took over.
Honours.
Basel
Luzern

</doc>
<doc id="31050342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050342" title="Nijgh &amp; Van Ditmar">
Nijgh &amp; Van Ditmar

Nijgh & Van Ditmar is a Dutch publishing company, founded in 1837.
History.
The company was founded in 1837 in Rotterdam by Henricus Nijgh, who originally started a bookstore but quickly discovered that the publishing business was profitable as well. Nijgh was also the founder, in 1843, of the "Rotterdamsch staats-, handels-, nieuws- en advertentieblad", which later became the "Nieuwe Rotterdamsche Courant". In 1864 he teamed up with Willem Nicolaas Josua van Ditmar, whose last name was added to the firm's name in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="31050368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050368" title="Ola Delight Smith">
Ola Delight Smith

Ola Delight Lloyd Smith (January 21, 1880 – December 5, 1958) was an American telegrapher, journalist, and labor activist.
Biography.
Ola Delight Lloyd was born in Mercer County, Illinois, in 1880. Her father, John Alva Lloyd, was a farmer; her mother, Celeste Crawford "Lettie" Long, died when Ola was nine. The family moved many times during her childhood, residing for various periods of time in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Nebraska, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
Telegraphic Career.
While the family was living in Epes, Alabama, Ola became interested in telegraphy and used a practice set at home to learn Morse code. She took a telegraphy course at the Alabama Polytechnic Institute for Girls in Montevallo (now known as the University of Montevallo) and began working as a telegrapher, first for the Queen and Crescent Route and later for the Postal Telegraph Company. In 1901, Ola married Edgar B. Smith, a traveling salesman, and the couple moved to Birmingham, Alabama, where she managed a Western Union office. They later moved to Gainesville, Georgia, where Ola again worked for the Postal Telegraph; she joined the Commercial Telegraphers Union of America (CTUA) in 1904. The CTUA had been formed in 1902 to represent the interests of commercial telegraphers. In 1906, she also joined the Order of Railroad Telegraphers (ORT), which had been formed in 1886 to represent telegraphers who worked for the railroads.
In 1907, Ola and her husband moved to Atlanta, Georgia. The CTUA declared a nationwide strike in August 1907 after several union members were dismissed by Western Union for participating in union activities. Ola Delight Smith played an active role in the strike, which ended in defeat for the union in November 1907. As a result, she was blacklisted by Western Union and was unable to find employment as a telegrapher.
To supplement her husband's meager and erratic income, she entered into a variety of ventures, including running a boarding house, writing business letters, and providing general secretarial services. She continued to participate in union activities, and in May 1908 organized the Dixie Twin Order Telegraphers' Club in order to coordinate social activities involving both the CTUA and the ORT. She organized a telegraphers' convention that was held in Atlanta in May 1909, and served as president of the ladies' auxiliary of the Twin Order Telegraphers until 1913. She also served as the CTUA representative to the Atlanta Federation of Trades and the Georgia Federation of Labor.
Work as Labor Journalist and Organizer.
In 1906, she had begun writing for the "Atlanta Journal of Labor", published by the Atlanta Federation of Trades, and eventually became an associate editor. She wrote columns on a variety of subjects, focusing on the need for organized labor and women's role in labor unions. She became an advocate for the rights of children, and served as the Georgia Federation of Labor's delegate to the Southern Conference on Women and Child Labor.
In 1914, Atlanta textile workers belonging to the United Textile Workers Union went on strike against the Fulton Bag and Cotton Mills to protest poor working conditions and the employment of children in the mills. Ola Delight Smith became involved as a labor organizer. She took photographs to document working conditions and to illustrate the condition of children working in the mills. Her activities came to the attention of the mill owners, who hired operatives to spy on her and report on her activities.
The mill owners began to clandestinely circulate attacks on her reputation, resulting in her being dismissed as strike leader in November 1914. Her husband filed for divorce at the same time, aided by a lawyer who represented the mills. The strike finally ended in defeat for the UTW in 1915.
Later Life.
Ola Delight Smith left Atlanta and resumed her work as a telegrapher, operating for the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway in Texas. In 1918, she married Almond Cook in Oklahoma, and the couple eventually relocated to The Dalles, Oregon. There Almond Cook began to exhibit signs of mental instability, due to painter's colic (lead poisoning) from years of working as a painter. When he disappeared in the early 1920s, Ola moved to Portland, Oregon, and took up residence in the Portland Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA) in hopes of finding him. Her search proved unsuccessful, and her stay at the YWCA left her impoverished. However, she was finally able to obtain work as a telegrapher in Portland, first with the Postal Telegraph Company and later with Western Union. 
She began to develop health problems in the 1920s, and was operated on for several types of cancer, including skin cancer in 1928. After being told by doctors that her condition was incurable, she began to treat herself with a home remedy recommended by neighbors, and pronounced herself cured in an affidavit she wrote in 1938. Her illnesses did not interrupt her work at Western Union, and she continued there until her retirement at age 70 in 1950. In a letter written in 1956, she expressed gratitude for the passage of the Wagner Act in 1935, which forbade blacklisting and made it possible for telegraphers who had been blacklisted to return to work: "The Wagner Act struck from my ankles the shackles which bound me to the Blacklist and the Yellow-Dog Contracts. Again I was free to work in organized labor." 
She was a charter member of Local 92 of the CTUA in Portland, and helped organize the United Railway Labor Political League and the Committee on Labor Education. She was also chair of the Third Congressional District Committee of the Women's Division of the Labor League for Political Education. Remembering the support that the YWCA had provided her in her search for her missing husband, she became a member of the YWCA Board of Directors in 1954. In 1956, the Portland Central Labor Council celebrated her 76th birthday, noting her "50 years of selfless devotion and service to the labor movement."
Ola Delight Smith Cook died on December 5, 1958, after a brief illness. She bequeathed her estate to the Oregon Central Labor Council to establish a library for labor research. Her personal papers can be found in the Oregon Historical Society in Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="31050376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050376" title="Georges Henri premetro station">
Georges Henri premetro station

The Georges Henri premetro station is part of the Brussels Metro system. It is located in the municipality of Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium. The station opened on 30 January 1975. Named for the Avenue Georges Henrilaan, which runs perpendicular to the greater ring at the south end of the station, it is located on the Boulevard Brand Whitlocklaan section of the greater ring. It is the second of four stations on the greater ring premetro, connecting by Diamant premetro station to the north and Montgomery metro station to the south. The station is served by the 7 and 25 trams and the 27, 28 and 80 buses. 
As with the majority of Brussels metro stations an artwork is displayed in the station, a work entitled "t Is de wind" created by Flemish ceramicist Pieter Stockmans.

</doc>
<doc id="31050385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050385" title="South Central League">
South Central League

The South Central League refers to two minor league baseball leagues - one that existed in 1906 and another that existed in 1912.
The 1906 league consisted of teams from Arkansas and Oklahoma. The six-team league included the Fort Smith Razorbacks, the Guthrie Senators, the Muskogee Indians, the Shawnee Blues, the South McAlester Miners and the Tulsa Oilers. Guthrie and Shawnee disbanded on July 21, while the whole league disbanded in August. The Miners finished in first place. One notable player, Clyde Milan, spent time in the league. Their first president was J.B. Roe. J.B. McAlester also served as president of the league.
The 1912 league consisted of teams from Texas. Teams in the circuit include the Cleburne Railroaders, Longview Cannibals, Marshall Athletics, Paris Boosters, Texarkana Twins and Tyler Elbertas. Texarkana, despite going only 51-65, were declared the league champions. One player of note in this incarnation of the league is Cotton Tierney.

</doc>
<doc id="31050398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050398" title="Missouri Boys State">
Missouri Boys State

Missouri Boys State is an 8-day youth program held each June to teach Missouri high school students leadership and the workings of government. Missouri is one of forty-nine states (all except Hawaii) with such a program for boys and a separate program for girls sponsored by The American Legion Auxiliary. The Missouri Boys State program hosts approximately 960 students, or citizens, and more than 130 volunteer staff members for 8 days on the University of Central Missouri campus. During the week, the citizens of MBS create a fully functioning mock government modeled after the State of Missouri. Citizens are divided into 16 cities, with two cities per county, and into two political parties (Nationalists and Federalists).
History.
The concept was originally developed in Illinois in 1934 by Dr. Hays Kennedy and Harold Card, both educators and members of the Illinois American Legion. The Boys State program was designed to promote democracy, and counteract the fascist principles taught to the youth in Germany.
The individuals responsible for founding the Missouri Boys State program officially in the Spring of 1938 were:

</doc>
<doc id="31050418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050418" title="Ultrapure water">
Ultrapure water

Ultrapure water (UPW) refers to water that has been purified to uncommonly stringent specifications. The primary use of ultrapure water is as the prime cleansing agent in semiconductor manufacturing. 
Definition.
Ultrapure water is water purified, in multiple steps, to uncommonly pure standards. "High-resistivity" water is the previous name for ultrapure water. The term, Ultrapure water, or UPW, was first used in a laboratory setting to distinguish deionized water (DI water) from the "Ultra" pure water, or DI water but processed one step further. The most commonly recognized measurement is that of resistivity, or the inverse, the lack of conductivity. The purer the water the higher resistivity. Conductivity meters are used to continuously measure purity of product water in Ultra pure water purification systems. Deionized (DI) water could have a purity of one million ohms per centimeter or one mega ohm or one "megohm". Ultra pure water will have resistance approaching 18 megohms or more.
The term has since acquired measurable standards that further define both advancing needs and advancing technology in ultrapure water production.
Several organizations have published standards for "Ultra Pure Water". American Society for Testing Materials, ASTM D5127 -07, ASTM D5127 - 13, ASTM D5127-99... "Standard Guide for Ultra-Pure Water Used in the Electronics and Semiconductor Industries." Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International published SEMI F63 "Guide for ultrapure water used in semiconductor processing". The SEMI F63 template has been followed recently with a UPW version for photovoltaic cell manufacturing.
Sources and control.
Bacteria, particles, organic and inorganic sources of contamination vary depending on a number of items including the feed water to make UPW as well as the selection of the piping materials to convey it. Bacteria are typically reported out in colony-forming units (CFU) per volume of UPW. Particles use number per volume of UPW. TOC, metallic and anionic contaminates are measured in dimensionless terms of parts per notation, such as ppm, ppb, ppt and ppq.
Bacteria are one of the most obstinate in the list to control. Techniques that help in minimizing bacterial colony growth within UPW streams include occasional chemical or steam sanitization (which is common in the pharmaceutical industry), ultrafiltration (found in some pharmaceutical, but mostly semiconductor industries), ozonation and optimization of piping system designs that promote the use of Reynolds Number flow along with minimization of dead legs.
Particles in UPW are the bane of the semiconductor industry, causing defects in sensitive photolithographic processes that define nanometer sized features. For other industries their presence can range from being a nuisance to life threatening. Particles can be controlled by use of filtration and ultrafiltration. Sources can include bacterial fragments, the sloughing of the component walls within the conduit’s wetted stream and also the cleanliness of the jointing processes used to build the piping system; both installation technique and installation environment.
TOC in UPW can contribute to bacterial proliferation as a foodstuff, substitute as a carbide for another chemical species in a sensitive thermal process, react in unwanted ways with biochemical reactions in bioprocessing and, in severe cases, leave unwanted residues on production parts. TOC can come from the feed water to make UPW, from the components used to convey the UPW (additives in the manufacturing piping products or extrusion aides and mold release agents), from subsequent manufacturing and cleaning operations of piping systems or overall dirty pipe, fittings and valves.
Metallic and anionic contamination in UPW systems can shut down enzymatic processes in bioprocessing, corrode equipment in the electrical power generation industry and result in either short or long-term failure of electronic components in semiconductor chips and photovoltaic cells. Sources are similar to those mentioned for TOC. Depending on the level of purity needed, detection of these contaminants can range from simple conductivity (electrolytic) readings to sophisticated instrumentation such as ion chromatography (IC), atomic absorption spectroscopy (AA) and inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS).
Purification process.
Typically city feed water (containing all the unwanted contaminates previously mentioned) is taken through a series of purification steps that, depending on the quality of UPW wanted, includes gross filtration for large particulates, carbon filtration, water softening, reverse osmosis, exposure to ultraviolet (UV) light for TOC and/or bacterial static control, polishing using either ion exchange resins or electrodeionization (EDI) and finally filtration or ultrafiltration. 
Some systems use direct return, reverse return or serpentine loops that return the water to a storage area, providing continuous re-circulation, while others use dead end systems that run from point of UPW production to point of use. The constant re-circulation action in the former continuously polishes the water with every pass. The latter can be prone to contamination build up if it is left stagnant with no use.
Transport.
Stainless steel remains a piping material of choice for the pharmaceutical industry. Due to its metallic contribution, most steel was removed from microelectronics UPW systems in the 1980s and replaced with high performance polymers of polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF), perfluoroalkoxy (PFA), ethylene chlorotrifluoroethylene (ECTFE) and polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) in the US and Europe. In Asia, polyvinyl chloride (PVC), chlorinated polyvinyl chloride (CPVC) and polypropylene (PP) are popular, along with the high performance polymers.
Methods of joining thermoplastics used for UPW transport.
Thermoplastics can be joined by different thermofusion techniques. 

</doc>
<doc id="31050433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050433" title="Agnes of Eltham">
Agnes of Eltham

Agnes of Eltham (1498–1530) was an English woman, allegedly the illegitimate daughter of Princess Bridget of York.
Family and life.
Agnes of Eltham, later Agnes Langstroth, was an orphan and ward of the Dartford Priory in Dartford, Kent. Agnes later left the Priory and married Adam Langstroth, the head of a landed family in Yorkshire (the ancestral home of the Yorks and refuge of York loyalists in the early Tudor period) with 'a considerable dowry'.
Alleged Royal Lineage.
Agnes was an orphan and ward of the Dartford Priory in Dartford, Kent at a time when the Priory was also the home of Princess Bridget of York, younger sister to Elizabeth, queen consort to Henry VII and daughter of Edward IV of England and Elizabeth Woodville, who patronized Agnes by providing for her financial needs until her death in 1503. She had at least one son, Christopher Langstroth.

</doc>
<doc id="31050450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050450" title="William Combe (MP)">
William Combe (MP)

William Combe (1586 – 30 January 1667) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640.
Combe was the son of Thomas Combe of Warwickshire and his wife Maria Savage. He was baptised at Stratford on 8 December 1586. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 8 July 1603 aged 15. The Combe family had some connection with William Shakespeare. Combe's uncle another William Combe was High Sheriff and sold property to Shakespeare in 1602. Another uncle John Combe left Combe some land at Welcombe when he died in 1614. Combe immediately caused a local dispute when he tried to enclose some land at Welcombe. The council took action against Combe's enclosure, but Shakespeare gave some support to Combe. Combe was probably High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1616. 
In April 1640, Combe was elected Member of Parliament for Warwickshire in the Short Parliament. He was elected MP for Warwickshire for the Long Parliament in November 1640, but his election was declared void in December 1640.
Combe died at Stratford in January 1667 aged 80. 
Combe married Katharine Boughton, daughter of Edward Boughton. She died in 1662. They had one son and nine daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31050457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050457" title="Chinese Destinies">
Chinese Destinies

Chinese Destinies (1933) is a collection of essays about China and Chinese lives by Agnes Smedley, a left-wing journalist. Along with another book called "China's Red Army Marches", it was covertly circulated in Guomintang-ruled China, both in English and in Chinese translations.

</doc>
<doc id="31050463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050463" title="Theodor Schjøth">
Theodor Schjøth

Theodor Schjøth (1890 – 1932) was a Norwegian competitive rower. He was born in Zhenjiang, in the Chinese province Jiangsu. He participated in coxed fours at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31050469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050469" title="Characteristic equation (calculus)">
Characteristic equation (calculus)

In mathematics, the characteristic equation (or auxiliary equation) is an algebraic equation of degree formula_1 on which depends the solutions of a given formula_2th-order differential equation. The characteristic equation can only be formed when the differential equation is linear, homogeneous, and has constant coefficients. Such a differential equation, with formula_3 as the dependent variable and formula_4 as constants,
will have a characteristic equation of the form
where formula_7 are the roots from which the general solution can be formed. This method of integrating linear ordinary differential equations with constant coefficients was discovered by Leonhard Euler, who found that the solutions depended on an algebraic 'characteristic' equation. The qualities of the Euler's characteristic equation were later considered in greater detail by French mathematicians Augustin-Louis Cauchy and Gaspard Monge.
Derivation.
Starting with a linear homogeneous differential equation with constant coefficients formula_4,
it can be seen that if formula_10, each term would be a constant multiple of formula_11. This results from the fact that the derivative of the exponential function formula_11 is a multiple of itself. Therefore, formula_13, formula_14, and formula_15 are all multiples. This suggests that certain values of formula_16 will allow multiples of formula_11 to sum to zero, thus solving the homogeneous differential equation. In order to solve for formula_16, one can substitute formula_19 and its derivatives into the differential equation to get
Since formula_11 can never equate to zero, it can be divided out, giving the characteristic equation
By solving for the roots, formula_16, in this characteristic equation, one can find the general solution to the differential equation. For example, if formula_16 is found to equal to 3, then the general solution will be formula_25, where formula_26 is a constant.
Formation of the general solution.
Solving the characteristic equation for its roots, formula_27, allows one to find the general solution of the differential equation. The roots may be real and/or complex, as well as distinct and/or repeated. If a characteristic equation has parts with distinct real roots, formula_28 repeated roots, and/or formula_29 complex roots corresponding to general solutions of formula_30, formula_31, and formula_32, respectively, then the general solution to the differential equation is
Distinct real roots.
The "superposition principle for linear homogeneous differential equations with constant coefficients" says that if formula_34 are formula_1 linearly independent solutions to a particular differential equation, then formula_36 is also a solution for all values formula_37. Therefore, if the characteristic equation has distinct real roots formula_27, then a general solution will be of the form
Repeated real roots.
If the characteristic equation has a root formula_40 that is repeated formula_29 times, then it is clear that formula_42 is at least one solution. However, this solution lacks linearly independent solutions from the other formula_43 roots. Since formula_40 has multiplicity formula_29, the differential equation can be factored into
The fact that formula_42 is one solution allows one to presume that the general solution may be of the form formula_48, where formula_49 is a function to be determined. Substituting formula_50 gives
when formula_52. By applying this fact formula_29 times, it follows that
By dividing out formula_55, it can be seen that
However, this is the case if and only if formula_49 is a polynomial of degree formula_58, so that formula_59. Since formula_60, the part of the general solution corresponding to formula_61 is
Complex roots.
If the characteristic equation has complex roots of the form formula_63 and formula_64, then the general solution is accordingly formula_65. However, by Euler's formula, which states that formula_66, this solution can be rewritten as follows:
where formula_68 and formula_69 are constants that can be complex.
Note that if formula_70, then the particular solution formula_71 is formed.
Similarly, if formula_72 and formula_73, then the independent solution formed is formula_74. Thus by the "superposition principle for linear homogeneous differential equations with constant coefficients", the part of a differential equation having complex roots formula_75 will result in the following general solution: formula_76

</doc>
<doc id="31050484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050484" title="Woodside and Burrelton railway station">
Woodside and Burrelton railway station

Woodside and Burrelton railway station was in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross. The station was opened by the Caledonian Railway on the former Scottish Midland Junction Railway running between Perth and Arbroath.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Central Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="31050508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050508" title="California Township, Faulkner County, Arkansas">
California Township, Faulkner County, Arkansas

California Township is one of twenty-two townships in Faulkner County, Arkansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its unincorporated population was 1,467. The township has seen lots of unusual geologic activity since September 20, 2010.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, California Township covers an area of ; with being land and the remaining water. Woolly Hollow State Park is in the southeast corner of the township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Copperas Springs Cemetery, King Cemetery, McNew Cemetery, Mode Cemetery, and Old Texas Cemetery.
Major routes.
The township contains Arkansas Highway 25, Arkansas Highway 310, and Arkansas Highway 285. A very brief portion of U.S. Route 65 runs in the southwest corner of the township.

</doc>
<doc id="31050520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050520" title="Mark Duffy">
Mark Duffy

Mark Duffy is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31050522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050522" title="Olaf Dahll">
Olaf Dahll

Olaf Dahll (19 December 1889 – 27 May 1968) was a Norwegian competitive rower, born in Oslo. He participated in coxed fours at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31050527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050527" title="Los Picaos de San Vicente de la Sonsierra">
Los Picaos de San Vicente de la Sonsierra

Los Picaos are a penance of the Christian religion, now professed only in the town of San Vicente de la Sonsierra in La Rioja (Spain). It takes place during processions and Stations of the Cross. It consists in the self-flagellation of the back, of a group of people as an act of faith and voluntarily, called "disciplinantes", by the beating continued with a ball.
On February 17, 2005 the Ministry of Industry, Tourism and Trade of Spain granted the title of Fiesta of National Tourist Interest to be held the Holy Thursday and Good Friday.
History.
It is believed that the tradition began in the late 15th century or early 16th century. Since then has been linked to the Cofradía de la Santa Vera Cruz in the town.
On March 20, 1799 attempted unsuccessfully to abolish this tradition as it was taking place privately.
The clergy of Spain had great reverence, to receive indulgences.
In 1998 it received the rank of Regional Tourist Interest. In January 2004 began the process of obtaining the status of National Tourist Interest, was achieved in February 2005.
Cofradía de la Santa Vera Cruz de San Vicente.
The organization of the events associated with this tradition, are managed from its inception by the "Cofradía de la Santa Vera Cruz". No one knows the exact date of foundation. On June 19, 1551 were presented their statutes, which was filed the tradition that existed until then.
Its headquarters is located in the Hermitage of San Juan de la Cerca.
Disciplinantes.
Volunteers who wish to undergo this penance, they must meet the requirements of being adult, man, and that a priest has to stating that they are Christian and its good faith.
The brotherhood (cofradía) assigns each disciplining a brother, for help and accompany it during the penance.
At all times it maintain the anonymity of these people.
Most are people of this town or descendents, although some others have no connection with this and each has found his reason to decide to do this penance.
Discipline.
During the processions, each disciplinante, choose at what time he want to offering, then kneel, pray a prayer and after standing up, his companion will remove the cape and leave the back exposed. With a mop of cotton held with both hands, Sticking going strong lashes in the back, to lash out strongly above the shoulders, each time by one side of the neck in a rhythmic way.
The partner and the "práctico" (person in charge of healing the wounds) decide when to stop hitting, to start spotting small bruises. There is no set time, but is usually between ten and twenty minutes leading up to 1,000 hits. The handy "práctico" will cut three times on both sides of the lumbar back, using a tool called "esponja", which is a ball of beeswax with six crystals embedded in two in two, so it will receive twelve punctures symbolizing the number of apostles. After that the disciplinante hitself a few times, for that the blood that may have accumulated in the area, can escape and prevent further problems.
Once complete, the partner will return to cover the back and put the layer to go to the headquarters of the cofradía where a specialist practitioner will heal any wounds with rosemary water and a cream in which its composition is secret and passed from generation on generation.

</doc>
<doc id="31050534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050534" title="1983 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
1983 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 1983 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 10 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the second NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 1982 was Utah. The Competition took place in Salt Lake City, Utah hosted by the University of Utah in the Jon M. Huntsman Center.

</doc>
<doc id="31050549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050549" title="Cargill railway station">
Cargill railway station

Cargill railway station was in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross. The station was opened by the Scottish Midland Junction Railway running between Perth and Arbroath.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Midland Junction Railway, which was later absorbed by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="31050561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050561" title="AQN">
AQN

AQN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31050570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050570" title="Tohono O'odham High School">
Tohono O'odham High School

The Tohono O'odham High School is a high school in the town of Sells, Arizona in the heart of the Tohono O'odham Indian Reservation. Located along Arizona State Route 86 (mile marker 74), it is operated directly by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Feeder schools include the San Simon day school and the Santa Rosa Boarding School, also operated by the BIA. It was established in the mid-1980s as the remaining reservations in Arizona finally received their own high schools.
The public high school in Sells is Baboquivari High School, which is just over twice as large.

</doc>
<doc id="31050592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050592" title="Gary Parrish">
Gary Parrish

Gary Parrish is an award-winning sports columnist at CBSSports.com and the host of "The Gary Parrish Show" on 92.9 FM ESPN in Memphis. Parrish first gained national prominence for uncovering one of the biggest recruiting scandals in NCAA history—that University of Alabama booster Logan Young paid Trezevant High School football coach Lynn Lang $200,000 to steer All-American prospect Albert Means to the Crimson Tide football team. Parrish now mostly writes about college basketball. He is a Senior Writer at CBSSports.com and a frequent contributor on the CBS Sports Network. His radio show is the top-rated sports talk show in the history of Memphis. Readers of the Memphis Flyer voted it the best sports talk show in Memphis in 2010, 2011 and 2012.
Parrish was raised in Horn Lake, Mississippi—where he holds a key to the city.
He previously worked at The Commercial Appeal newspaper in Memphis.

</doc>
<doc id="31050610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050610" title="Viva Riva!">
Viva Riva!

Viva Riva! is a Congolese crime thriller film written & directed by Djo Tunda Wa Munga and starring Patsha Bay, Manie Malone, Fabrice Kwizera, Hoji Fortuna, Marlene Longage, Alex Herabo & Diplôme Amekindra. The film received 12 nominations and won 6 awards at the 7th Africa Movie Academy Awards in 2011, including the awards for "Best Picture", "Best Director", "Best Cinematography" & "Best Production Design". "Viva Riva!" also won at the 2011 MTV Movie Awards for Best African Movie
Plot.
The film features a gang war ignited by a fuel crisis in Congo.
Reception.
Reviews has been very positive, It currently holds an 85% fresh rating based on 55 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes with a general description that "Vibrant and violent, Viva Riva is a stylish, fast-paced crime drama.". It has a 65% rating on Metacritic based on 16 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="31050613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050613" title="Vladimir Vukićević">
Vladimir Vukićević

Vladimir Vukićević, born April 29, 1979, is an American-Serbian Software Engineer who has worked on many open source projects. He is known mostly for his work on open source graphics libraries, including those used in the Mozilla project.
In 2006, he began work on a prototype OpenGL 3D context for the <canvas> HTML element which he called Canvas 3D. This work led to the creation of a "Accelerated 3D on the Web" working group within the Khronos Group in order to create a royalty free standard API for OpenGL and OpenGL ES 2.0 capabilities, which produced the WebGL specification.
In 2008, Vukićević publicly criticized Apple for using private interfaces in the Safari web browser to improve its performance, leaving third-party applications such as Firefox without solutions for similar performance problems. 
Vukićević made many important contributions to Firefox Mobile/Fennec, including an ARM backend for the TraceMonkey JavaScript engine and the initial port of Fennec to Android. 
Vukićević also co-authored the APNG specification in 2004 with Stuart Parmenter.
Vukićević served as the chair of the Khronos WebGL Working Group and now works as a Director of Engineering for Mozilla.

</doc>
<doc id="31050651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050651" title="Electronic Air Suspension">
Electronic Air Suspension

Electronic Air Suspension is the name of the air suspension system installed on the second version of the Range Rover, known as the P38A.
Overview.
The EAS provides variable height suspension for on and off road applications. The five suspension heights offered by EAS are (from lowest to highest in terms of height) "Loading," "Highway," "Standard," "Off-Road," and "Off-Road Extended." Height is controlled automatically based on speed and undercarriage sensors, but a manual ride height switch allows control over the suspension by the driver. The "Loading" and "Off-Road" heights are available only at speeds less than 35 mph. The "Highway" setting is not available manually; it is set when the vehicle moves at over 50 mph for over 30 seconds.
Components.
The system comprises:
Advantages.
The air springs were designed to provide a luxurious ride quality and provide the ability to raise the body of the vehicle for off road clearance and lower the vehicle when driving at higher speeds on highways.
Problems.
The EAS computer is regarded by some to be unintelligent. It can, using pre-programmed criteria to detect a fault, disable the system into "Hard Fault Mode" which can lower the vehicle to the suspension bump-stops and force the owner to limp to the dealership for inspection and repair.
Many enthusiasts use diagnostic devices such as laptop computers running specially developed freeware software and hand held computers to clear the spurious faults and avoid the trip to the dealer. Some even manipulate the sensors and set the vehicle to the maximum possible ride height at all times.

</doc>
