<doc id="30965066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965066" title="2011 Christchurch earthquake">
2011 Christchurch earthquake

The February 2011 Christchurch earthquake was a powerful natural event that severely damaged New Zealand's second-largest city, killing 185 people in one of the nation's deadliest peacetime disasters.
The magnitude 6.3 (ML) earthquake struck the Canterbury Region in New Zealand's South Island at on Tuesday, local time (23:51 UTC). The earthquake was centred west of the port town of Lyttelton, and south-east of the centre of Christchurch, New Zealand's second-most populous city. It followed nearly six months after the magnitude 7.1 Canterbury earthquake of 4 September 2010, which caused significant damage to Christchurch and the central Canterbury region, but no direct fatalities.
The earthquake caused widespread damage across Christchurch, especially in the central city and eastern suburbs, with damage exacerbated by buildings and infrastructure already being weakened by 4 September 2010 earthquake and its aftershocks. Significant liquefaction affected the eastern suburbs, producing around 400,000 tonnes of silt. The shallow earthquake was reported to be felt across the South Island and the lower and central North Island. While the initial quake only lasted around 10 seconds, the vicinity and depth of its location to Christchurch in addition to the previous quakes were the reason for so much destruction.
In total, 185 people were killed in the earthquake, making it the second-deadliest natural disaster recorded in New Zealand (after the 1931 Hawke's Bay earthquake), and fourth-deadliest disaster of any kind recorded in New Zealand, with nationals from more than 20 countries among the victims. Over half of the deaths occurred in the six-storey Canterbury Television (CTV) Building, which collapsed and caught fire in the quake. The government declared a state of national emergency, which stayed in force until 30 April 2011.
The total cost to insurers of rebuilding was originally estimated at NZ$15 billion. At that point it was already predicted to be by far New Zealand's costliest natural disaster, and the third-costliest earthquake (nominally) worldwide. But by April 2013, the total estimated cost had ballooned to $40 billion. Some economists have estimated it will take the New Zealand economy 50 to 100 years to completely recover.
The earthquake was the most damaging in a year-long earthquake swarm affecting the Christchurch area. It was followed by a large aftershock on 13 June (which caused considerable additional damage) and a series of large shocks on 23 December 2011.
Geology.
The 6.3 quake was probably an aftershock of the 7.1-magnitude 4 September 2010 Canterbury earthquake. While New Zealand's GNS Science describe it as "technically an aftershock" of the earlier event, other seismologists, including those from USA and Geoscience Australia, consider it a separate event, given its location on a separate fault system. The earthquake has generated a significant series of its own aftershocks, many of which are considered big for a 6.3 quake. 361+ aftershocks (magnitude 3+ foreshocks incl) were experienced in the first week, the largest measuring magnitude 5.9, which occurred just under 2 hours after the main shock. A 5.3-magnitude aftershock on 16 April, the largest for several weeks, caused further damage, including power cuts and several large rock falls. Another aftershock hit the Christchurch region on 10 May 2011 from the Greendale fault measuring 5.3 magnitude. It cut power for a few minutes and caused further damage to buildings in the city centre. No deaths or injuries were reported. It was felt as far away as Dunedin and Greymouth. On 6 June, a large aftershock occurred, measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale. The shake was felt as far away as Kaikoura and Oamaru.
A series of aftershocks occurred on 13 June. A tremor of 5.7 was felt at 1 pm NZT, with depth of 9 km and an epicentre at Taylors Mistake, followed by a 6.3 tremor just over an hour later, with a depth of 6 km, located 10 km east of the city. Power was cut to around 54,000 homes, with further damage and liquefaction in already weakened areas. The Lyttelton Timeball Station collapsed and Christchurch Cathedral sustained more damage. At least 46 people were reported injured.
Initial reports suggest the earthquake occurred at a depth of ; further analysis of seismic data might result in a revision of that depth. Early reports suggested that it occurred on a previously unknown faultline running 17 km east-west from Scarborough Hill in South Eastern Christchurch to Halswell, at depths of 3–12 km, but the Institute of Professional Engineers have since stated that "GNS Science believe that the earthquake arose from the rupture of an 8 × 8 km fault running east-northeast at a depth of 1–2 km depth beneath the southern edge of the Avon-Heathcote Estuary and dipping southwards at an angle of about 65 degrees from the horizontal beneath the Port Hills." Although the rupture was subsurface (i.e. did not break the surface), satellite images indicate the net displacement of the land south of the fault was 50 cm westwards and upwards; the land movement would have been greater during the quake. Land movement is varied around the area horizontally—in both east and west directions—and vertically; the Port Hills have been raised by 40 cm.
The quake was a "strike-slip event with oblique motion"—mostly horizontal movement with some vertical movement—with reverse thrust (i.e. vertical movement upwards). The vertical acceleration was far greater than the horizontal acceleration.
The intensity felt in Christchurch was MM VIII. The peak ground acceleration (PGA) in central Christchurch exceeded 1.8"g" (i.e. 1.8 times the acceleration of gravity), with the highest recording 2.2"g", at Heathcote Valley Primary School, a shaking intensity equivalent to MM X+. This is the highest PGA ever recorded in New Zealand; the highest reading during the September 2010 event was 1.26"g", recorded near Darfield. The PGA is also one of the greatest ever ground accelerations recorded in the world, and was unusually high for a 6.3 quake. and the highest in a vertical direction. The central business district (CBD) experienced PGAs in the range of 0.574 and 0.802 "g". In contrast, the 7.0 Mw 2010 Haiti earthquake had an estimated PGA of 0.5"g". The acceleration occurred mainly in a vertical direction, with eyewitness accounts of people being tossed into the air. The upwards (positive acceleration) was greater than the downwards, which had a maximum recording of 0.9"g"; the maximum recorded horizontal acceleration was 1.7"g" The force of the quake was "statistically unlikely" to occur more than once in 1000 years, according to one seismic engineer, with a PGA greater than many modern buildings were designed to withstand. New Zealand building codes require a building with a 50-year design life to withstand predicted loads of a 500-year event; initial reports by GNS Science suggest ground motion "considerably exceeded even 2500-year design motions", beyond maximum considered events (MCE). By comparison, the 2010 quake—in which damage was predominantly to pre-1970s buildings—exerted 65% of the design loading on buildings. The acceleration experienced in February 2011 would "totally flatten" most world cities, causing massive loss of life; in Christchurch, New Zealand's stringent building codes limited the disaster. However, the most severe shaking lasted only 12 seconds, which perhaps prevented more extensive damage.
It is also possible that "seismic lensing" contributed to the ground effect, with the seismic waves rebounding off the hard basalt of the Port Hills back into the city. Geologists reported liquefaction was worse than the 2010 quake. The quake also caused significant landslips and rockfalls on the Port Hills.
Although smaller in magnitude than the 2010 quake, the earthquake was more damaging and deadly for a number of reasons. The epicentre was closer to Christchurch, and shallower at underground, whereas the September quake was measured at deep. The February earthquake occurred during lunchtime on a weekday when the CBD was busy, and many buildings were already weakened from the previous quakes. The PGA was extremely high, and simultaneous vertical and horizontal ground movement was "almost impossible" for buildings to survive intact. Liquefaction was significantly greater than that of the 2010 quake, causing the upwelling of more than 200,000 tonnes of silt which needed to be cleared. The increased liquefaction caused significant ground movement, undermining many foundations and destroying infrastructure, damage which "may be the greatest ever recorded anywhere in a modern city". 80% of the water and sewerage system was severely damaged.
While both the 2010 and 2011 earthquakes occurred on "blind" or unknown faults, New Zealand's Earthquake Commission had, in a 1991 report, predicted moderate earthquakes in Canterbury with the likelihood of associated liquefaction.
According to GNS Science seismologists, the energy released in Christchurch was equivalent to a magnitude 6.7 earthquake.
On 13 June 2011, two major aftershocks measuring 5.7 and 6.3 struck the region, causing further damage, liquefaction and 10 injuries in and around Christchurch. These were followed by a magnitude 5.4 quake at a depth of 8 km and centred 10 km south-west of Christchurch at 10:34 pm on 21 June 2011.
Main aftershocks since 22 February 2011.
Below is a list of all aftershocks of Richter,Moment & Body-wave Magnitudes 5.0 and above that have hit Christchurch since 22 February 2011 earthquake.
This table is being constantly updated, and upgrades and downgrades may happen.
Canterbury region long-term probabilities.
"This table was last updated on 14 November 2012"
Information in the tables above is sourced from GNS Science, New Zealand.
Emergency management.
In the immediate moments following the quake, ordinary citizens and those emergency services on duty responded and initiated rescues. Although communications proved difficult initially (it took many hours to obtain a full picture of the devastation) a full emergency management structure was in place within two hours, with national co-ordination operating from the National Crisis Management Centre bunker in the Beehive in Wellington. Regional emergency operations command was established in the Christchurch Art Gallery, a modern earthquake-proofed building in the centre of the city which had sustained only minor damage. On 23 February the Minister of Civil Defence, John Carter declared the situation a state of national emergency, the country's first for a civil defence emergency (the only other one was for the 1951 waterfront dispute). As per the protocols of New Zealand's Coordinated Incident Management System and the Civil Defence Emergency Management Act, the Civil Defence became lead agency—with Air Vice Marshal John Hamilton as National Controller. His alternate was Steve Brazier, Director of the Security and Risk Group at the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet. They were supported by New Zealand Police, Fire Service, Defence Force and many other agencies and organisations. One experienced international USAR team member described the response as "the best-organised emergency" he had witnessed.
The Government response was immediate and significant, with many departments and ministries involved. Gerry Brownlee, a Cabinet Minister and MP for the north-western Christchurch electorate of Ilam, had his regular portfolios distributed amongst other cabinet ministers, so he could focus solely on earthquake recovery. After a brief sitting, when a National Emergency was declared, Parliament was adjourned until 8 March so cabinet could work on earthquake recovery. Prime Minister John Key and other ministers regularly visited Christchurch, supporting Christchurch mayor Bob Parker, who was heavily involved in the emergency management and became the face of the city, despite his own injuries and family concerns.
Both COGIC (French Civil Protection) and the American USGS requested the activation of the International Charter on Space and Major Disasters on the behalf of MCDEM New Zealand, thus readily providing satellite imagery for aid and rescue services.
Police.
Christchurch Police were supplemented by staff and resources from around the country, along with a 300-strong contingent of Australian Police, who were sworn in as New Zealand Police on their arrival, bringing the total officers in the city to 1200. Alongside regular duties, the police provided security cordons, organised evacuations, supported search and rescue teams, missing persons and family liaison, and organised media briefings and tours of the affected areas. They also provided forensic analysis and evidence gathering at fatalities and Disaster Victim Identification (DVI) teams, working closely with pathologists, forensic dentists and scientists, and the coroner at the emergency mortuary established at Burnham Military Camp. They were aided by DVI teams from Australia, UK, Thailand Taiwan and Israel. They follow international best practice for victim identification after disasters—which is extremely thorough to ensure correct identification—and have assistance from the Interpol DVI chair.
New Zealand Police requested 300 police from Australia for non-rescue tasks such as traffic control, general policing duties and to prevent looting. The contingent was formed by 200 from the New South Wales Police Force, 50 from the Australian Federal Police and others from Queensland, Victoria and South Australia state police forces. In total, 323 Australian police, including DVI officers, were sent. Following their arrival on 25 February, they were briefed on New Zealand law and procedure and the emergency regulations before being sworn in as temporary constables, giving them complete New Zealand policing powers. Many of them received standing ovations from appreciative locals as they walked through Christchurch Airport upon arrival. The first contingent remained in New Zealand for two weeks, after which they were replaced by a further contingent. While serving in New Zealand, the Australian officers did not carry guns, since New Zealand police are a routinely unarmed force; the officers were instead equipped with standard New Zealand issue batons and capsicum spray. It was the first time in 170 years that Australian police have patrolled in New Zealand. Following a rotation of staff, police were present from all Australian states and territories as well as Federal Police, the first time representatives from all Australian forces have worked together on a single operation.
Search and rescue.
The New Zealand Fire Service coordinated search and rescue, particularly the Urban Search and Rescue (USAR) teams from New Zealand and Australia, UK, USA, Japan, Taiwan, China and Singapore, totalling 150 personnel from New Zealand and 429 from overseas. They also responded to fires, serious structural damage reports, and land slips working with structural engineers, seismologists and geologists, as well as construction workers, crane and digger operators and demolition experts.
NSW Task Force 1, a team of 72 urban search and rescue specialists from New South Wales, Australia was sent to Christchurch on two RAAF C-130 Hercules, arriving 12 hours after the quake. A second team of 70 from Queensland, Queensland Task Force 1, (including three sniffer dogs),was sent the following day on board a RAAF C-17 . A team of 55 Disaster Assistance and Rescue Team members from the Singapore Civil Defence Force were sent. The United States sent Urban Search and Rescue California Task Force 2, a 74-member heavy rescue team consisting of firefighters and paramedics from the Los Angeles County Fire Department, doctors, engineers and 26 tons of pre-packaged rescue equipment.
Japan sent 70 search-and-rescue personnel including specialists from the coastguard, police and fire fighting service, as well as three sniffer dogs. The team left New Zealand earlier than planned due to the 9.0 earthquake which struck their homeland on 11 March. The United Kingdom sent a 53 strong search and rescue team including 9 Welsh firefighters who had assisted the rescue effort during the 2010 Haiti Earthquake. Taiwan sent a 22-member team from the National Fire Agency, along with 2 tons of specialist search and rescue equipment. China sent a 10-member specialist rescue team.
Defence forces.
The New Zealand Defence Force—staging their largest operation on New Zealand soil— provided logistics, equipment, transport, airbridges, evacuations, supply and equipment shipments, survey of the Port and harbour, and support to the agencies, including meals; they assisted the Police with security, and provided humanitarian aid particularly to Lyttelton, which was isolated from the city in the first days. Over 1400 Army, Navy and Air Force personnel were involved, and Territorials (Army Reserve) were called up. They were supplemented by 116 soldiers from the Singapore Army, in Christchurch for a training exercise at the time of the earthquake, who assisted in the cordon of the city.
The Royal New Zealand Air Force provided an air bridge between Christchurch and Wellington using a Boeing 757 and two C-130 Hercules,and bringing in emergency crews and equipment and evacuating North Island residents and tourists out of Christchurch. Three RNZAF Bell UH-1 Iroquois helicopters were also used to transport Police, VIP's and aid to locations around Christchurch. RNZAF Beech King Air aircraft were also used to evacuate people from Christchurch.
The crew of the Navy ship "Canterbury", in Lyttelton harbour at the time of the earthquake, provided meals for 1,000 people left homeless in that town, and accommodation for a small number of locals. The Royal Australian Air Force also assisted with air lifts. On one of their journeys, an RAAF Hercules sustained minor damage in an aftershock.
The army also operated desalination plants to provide water to the eastern suburbs.
Medical response.
Australia's foreign minister Kevin Rudd told "Sky News" that New Zealand's Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully had asked for further help from Australia. He said Australia would send counsellors over and a disaster medical assistance team comprising 23 emergency and surgical personnel. A field hospital providing 75 beds arrived 24 February. Set up in the badly affected eastern suburbs, it was equipped to provide triage, emergency care, maternity, dentistry and isolation tents for gastroenteritis, and also provide primary care since most general practices in the area were unable to open.
Humanitarian and welfare.
Humanitarian support and welfare were provided by various agencies, in particular the New Zealand Red Cross and the Salvation Army. Welfare Centres and support networks were established throughout the city. Government Departments, such as WINZ and Housing New Zealand established contact with as many people as possible and provided grants and assistance. Many church and community-led projects also became established. The scale of the disaster meant many people went some days without official contact, so neighbourhoods and streets were encouraged to attend to those around them. Official visitation teams were organised by Civil Defence, with aim of visiting every household; the teams, which assessed homes and welfare needs, and passed on official information, included structural engineers or assessors from EQC. The primarily wilderness all-volunteer search and rescue organisation, LandSAR, deployed 530 people to the city to perform welfare checks. Over the course of a week, LandSAR teams visited 67,000 premisis.
Infrastructure and support.
Businesses and organisations contributed massively to the initial rescue, recovery and emergency infrastructure. Orion, Christchurch's electricity distribution lines company, assisted by other lines companies from New Zealand, worked constantly to restore power. The 66 kV subtransmission cables supplying Dallington and New Brighton zone substations from Transpower's Bromley substation were damaged beyond repair, which necessitated the erection of temporary 66 kV overhead lines from Bromley to Dallington and Bromley to New Brighton to get power into the eastern suburbs. Such a project would usually take six or seven weeks but was completed in 2½ days, with the resource consent process taking only 20 minutes. Power had been restored to 82% of households within five days, and to 95% within two weeks. Generators were donated, and telephone companies established emergency communications and free calls. Water provision was worked on by companies and contractors, while Fonterra provided milk tankers to bring in water, the Army provided desalination plants, and bottled supplies were sent in by volunteers and companies. Mains water supply was re-established to 70% households within one week. Waste water and sewerage systems had been severely damaged, so households had to establish emergency latrines. Over 2,000 portaloos and 5,000 chemical toilets from throughout New Zealand and overseas were brought in, with 20,000 more chemical toilets placed on order from the manufacturers. Community laundries were set up in affected suburbs by Fisher and Paykel and individuals. Portable shower units were also established in the eastern suburbs.
Many companies assisted with transport, particularly Air New Zealand, which operated extra flights of Boeing 747 aircraft to/from Auckland and Boeing 737/Airbus A320/Boeing 777 aircraft to/from Wellington to move people and supplies in and out of Christchurch. The airline also offered flights for Christchurch residents to and from Christchurch for NZ$50 one-way from any New Zealand, Australian and Pacific Island airport, and for NZ$400 one way from other international destinations for affected family-members.
Fundraising and support efforts were established throughout the country, with many individuals, community groups and companies providing food and services to the city, for welfare and clean-up. Many impromptu initiatives gained significant traction. Thousands of people helped with the clean-up efforts—involving the removal of over 200,000 tonnes of liquefaction silt—including Canterbury University's Student Volunteer Army (created after the September quake but significantly enlarged) and the Federated Farmers' "Farmy Army". The "Rangiora Earthquake Express" provided over 250 tonnes of water, medical supplies, and food, including hot meals, from nearby Rangiora by helicopter and truck.
Casualties, damage, and other effects.
A Central City Red Zone was established on the day of the earthquake as a public exclusion zone in the Christchurch Central City. Since February 2013, it was officially renamed the CBD Rebuild Zone by government agencies, but remained to be known as the Red Zone. It gradually shrank in size and the last cordons were removed on 30 June 2013, 859 days after the earthquake.
As of 3 May 2011, the New Zealand Police believed 181 people had died as a result of the earthquake, but a further four deaths were later judged by the coroner to have been due to the earthquake. Of the 185 victims, 115 people were lost in the Canterbury Television building alone, while another 18 died in the collapse of PGC House, and eight were killed when masonry fell on Red Bus number 702 in Colombo Street. An additional 28 people were killed in various places across the city centre, and twelve were killed in suburban Christchurch. Due to the injuries sustained some bodies remained unidentified. Between 6,600 and 6,800 people were treated for minor injuries (ECAN Review October 2011), and Christchurch Hospital alone treated 220 major trauma cases connected to the quake.
At 5 pm local time on the day of the earthquake, Radio New Zealand reported that 80% of the city had no power. Water and wastewater services have been disrupted throughout the city, with authorities urging residents to conserve water and collect rainwater. It was expected that the State of Emergency Level 3, the highest possible in a regional disaster, would last for at least five days. Medical staff from the army were deployed.
Road and bridge damage occurred and hampered rescue efforts. Soil liquefaction and surface flooding also occurred. Road surfaces were forced up by liquefaction, and water and sand were spewing out of cracks. A number of cars were crushed by falling debris. In the central city, two buses were crushed by falling buildings. As the earthquake hit at the lunch hour, some people on the pavements were buried by collapsed buildings.
Casualties.
As of 8 September 2011, New Zealand Police had formally identified 177 deceased, and released the names of all 181 victims. In the list are people from fifteen different nationalities, including New Zealand, and the ages of the victims range from 5 weeks to 87 years. Four victims could not be formally identified all of whom were recovered from the CTV Building. Coroner Matenga said, "Any traces of DNA have been destroyed by the extremely high temperatures caused by the fire in the CTV building."
The nationalities of the deceased are as follows. Note some non-New Zealand citizens did have New Zealand residency:-
Animal casualties.
Animal welfare agencies reported that many pets were lost or distressed following the earthquake. SPCA rescue manager Blair Hillyard said his 12-strong team assisted urban search and rescue teams that encountered aggressive dogs while conducting house-to-house checks. The team also worked with animals in areas where humans had been evacuated and distributed animal food and veterinary supplies to families in need.
Hillyard said that the situation for animals had been "deteriorating because of time issues" and was forcing concerned animal owners to break through police cordons to search for their pets. "That is really one of the common problems of why people break the cordon. It's not to go and do burglaries ... it's to go and retrieve their pets."
Buildings affected.
Of the 3,000 buildings inspected within the Four Avenues of the central city by 3 March 45% had been given red or yellow stickers to restrict access because of the safety problems. Many heritage buildings were given red stickers after inspections. One thousand of the 4000 buildings within the Four Avenues were expected to be demolished. Of 220 buildings more than five storeys tall, 110 are being, or have been, demolished at May 2012. New aerial photographs of Christchurch were produced for Google Maps in April 2012, but it was not until January 2013 that the imagery was put online. By that time, many of the photos were already outdated, with a significant number of buildings since having been demolished. Notable central city buildings still shown on the images include Radio Network House, the Westpac Canterbury Centre in City Mall, and the Farmers store in Gloucester Street.
ChristChurch Cathedral lost its spire. The spire's tip had also fallen in earthquakes in 1888 and 1901, but much more fell during 22 February earthquake. Although police initially believed up to 22 people died in the collapse of the cathedral's tower, a thorough search of the rubble confirmed no fatalities occurred there.
Christchurch Hospital was partly evacuated due to damage in some areas, but remained open throughout to treat the injured. The New Zealand defence forces were called in to assist in evacuating the central business district.
The six-storey Canterbury Television (CTV) building collapsed leaving only its lift shaft standing, which caught fire. The building housed the TV station, a medical clinic and an English language school. The King's Education School catered to students from Japan, China, the Philippines, Thailand, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan and Korea. On 23 February police decided that the damage was not survivable, and rescue efforts at the building were suspended. Initially more than 100 people were believed to have died in the building, the total reached 115. Fire-fighting and recovery operations resumed that night, later joined by a Japanese search and rescue squad. Thirteen Japanese students from the Toyama College of Foreign Languages were missing, with some feared trapped in the rubble. Of the 166 confirmed dead by 12 March 2011, 94 were recovered from the CTV building. A government report later found that the building's construction was faulty and never should have been approved.
The four-storey PGC House on Cambridge Terrace, headquarters of Pyne Gould Corporation, collapsed, and thirty of the building's two hundred workers were still believed to be trapped within as night fell. On Wednesday morning, 22 hours after the quake, a survivor was pulled from the rubble. The reinforced concrete building had been constructed in 1963–1964.
The Forsyth Barr building survived the earthquake structurally, but many occupants were trapped after the collapse of the stairwells, forcing some to abseil out after the quake. Search of the building was technically difficult for USAR teams, requiring the deconstruction of 4-tonne stair sets, but the building was cleared with no victims discovered.
On 23 February, Hotel Grand Chancellor, Christchurch's tallest hotel, was reported to be on the verge of collapse. The 26-storey building was displaced by half a metre in the quake and had dropped by 1 metre on one side; parts of the emergency stairwells collapsed. The building was thought to be irreparably damaged and have the potential to bring down other buildings if it fell; an area of a two-block radius around the hotel was thus evacuated. The building was eventually stabilised and, on 4 March it was decided the building would be demolished over the following six months, so that further work could be done with the buildings nearby. Demolition was completed in May 2012. The 21-storey PricewaterhouseCoopers building, the city's tallest office tower, is among the office buildings to be demolished.
The historic Canterbury Provincial Council Buildings were severely damaged, with the Stone Chamber completely collapsing.
Our City, the second civic offices of Christchurch City Council, was already damaged in the September earthquake and is heavily braced following the February event. The Civic, the council's third home, was heavily damaged in February and is due to be demolished. Both buildings are on the register of the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
The Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament was also severely damaged, with the towers falling. A decision was made to remove the dome because the supporting structure was weakened, although at 30 March the eventual fate of the overall building remained uncertain. Several other churches have been seriously damaged, including: Knox Presbyterian Church, St Luke's Anglican Church, Durham Street Methodist Church, St Paul's-Trinity-Pacific Presbyterian Church, Oxford Terrace Baptist Church, Holy Trinity Avonside and Holy Trinity, Lyttelton. Sydenham Heritage Church and the Beckenham Baptist Church were heavily damaged, and then demolished days after the earthquake. Concrete block construction fared badly, leaving many modern iconic buildings damaged.
Carlton Hotel, a listed heritage building, was undergoing repairs from September 2010 earthquake damage when the February 2011 earthquake damaged the building further. It was deemed unstable and demolished in April 2011. St Elmo Courts has been damaged in the September 2010 earthquake and the owner intended to repair the building, but further damage caused by the February 2011 event resulted in a decision to demolish, which was done the following month.
While damage occurred to many older buildings, particularly those with unreinforced masonry and those built before stringent earthquakes codes were introduced, high rises built within the past twenty to thirty years performed well. On 28 February 2011, the Prime Minister announced that there would be an inquiry into the collapse of buildings that had been signed off as safe after 4 September earthquake, "to provide answers to people about why so many people lost their lives."
In August 2012, Radio Network House was the first building in New Zealand to be demolished by implosion. With the implosion having gone without a hitch, it is expected that this method will be used for many other buildings.
Suburbs.
On 7 March, Prime Minister John Key said that around 10,000 houses would need to be demolished, and liquefaction damage meant that some parts of Christchurch could not be rebuilt on.
Buildings in Lyttelton sustained widespread damage, with a fire officer reporting that 60% of the buildings in the main street had been severely damaged. Initially no lives were believed to have been lost in the town, but two people died on local walking tracks after being hit by rockfalls. The town's historic Timeball Station was extensively damaged, adding to damage from the preceding earthquake in September 2010. The New Zealand Historic Places Trust made plans to dismantle it, with the possibility of reconstruction. Before this plan could be implemented the tower collapsed during an aftershock on 13 June 2011.
Landslides occurred in Sumner, crushing buildings. Parts of Sumner were evacuated during the night of 22 February after cracks were noticed on a nearby hillside. Three deaths were reported in the Sumner area, according to the Sumner Chief Fire Officer. The Shag Rock, a notable landmark, was reduced to half of its former height.
In contrast to the September 2010 earthquake, Redcliffs and the surrounding hills suffered severe damage. The cliff behind Redcliffs School collapsed on to the houses below. Large boulders were found on the lawns of damaged houses.
Twelve streets in Redcliffs were evacuated on Thursday night (24 February) after some cliffs and hills surrounding Redcliffs were deemed unstable. However, the cordon actually in place the following morning only included parts of six streets, so many residents outside the reduced cordon returned home immediately. The remaining cordon was removed twelve days later.
Beyond Christchurch.
The quake was felt as far north as Tauranga and as far south as Invercargill, where the 111 emergency network was rendered out of service.
At the Tasman Glacier some from the epicentre, around 30 million tonnes (33 ST) of ice tumbled off the glacier into Tasman Lake, hitting tour boats with tsunami waves high.
KiwiRail reported that the TranzAlpine service was terminating at Greymouth and the TranzCoastal terminating at Picton. The TranzAlpine was cancelled until 4 March, to allow for personnel resources to be transferred to repairing track and related infrastructure, and moving essential freight into Christchurch, while the TranzCoastal has been cancelled until mid-August. KiwiRail also delayed 14 March departure of its Interislander ferry to Singapore for a extension and refit prior to the 2011 Rugby World Cup. With extra passenger and freight movements over Cook Strait following the earthquake, the company would have been unable to cope with just two ships operating on a reduced schedule so soon after the earthquake, so pushed back the departure to the end of April.
The earthquake combined with the urgency created by the unseasonably early break-up of sea ice on the Ross Ice Shelf caused logistical problems with the return of Antarctic summer season research operations from Scott Base and McMurdo Station in Antarctica to Christchurch.
Christchurch International Airport.
Christchurch International Airport, located northwest of the city centre was largely unaffected by the earthquake. Flight crews from the US Air National Guard were at the airport in support of "Operation Deep Freeze" when the quake struck and reported to their Air Wing commander that they were safe and unharmed, and that the airport had water and electricity.
The Christchurch-based national air traffic control organisation, Airways New Zealand, closed New Zealand airspace for a short time while they inspected their facilities. Christchurch International Airport was closed to all but military and emergency traffic.
Sport.
New Zealand Cricket's offices were damaged by the earthquake. Some matches needed to be rescheduled.
The Super Rugby Round 2 match between the Crusaders and Hurricanes scheduled for 26 February 2011 at Westpac Stadium in Wellington was abandoned by agreement of both sides and SANZAR due to the earthquake. The match was declared a draw, with both sides earning 2 competition points. The Crusaders' first two home matches of the season, originally to be played in Christchurch, were moved to Trafalgar Park in Nelson. Ultimately, the Crusaders were forced to play their entire home schedule away from Christchurch, including one game against the Sharks moved to Twickenham in London and the return match against the Hurricanes moved to Westpac Stadium.
In the ANZ Netball Championship, the earthquake caused significant damage to the Canterbury Tactix's main home venue, CBS Canterbury Arena, and the franchise's head office at Queen Elizabeth II Park. The team's round 3 match against the Northern Mystics in Auckland was postponed, while their round 4 home match against the Waikato Bay of Plenty Magic was moved to the Energy Events Centre in Rotorua.
AMI Stadium was going to host the rugby league ANZAC Test; however, on 4 March it was announced the match would be moved to Skilled Park on the Gold Coast. The 2012 match is now tentatively scheduled to be hosted by AMI Stadium; however, Crusaders head coach Todd Blackadder stated during the 2011 Super Rugby finals that discussions were ongoing regarding the future of the stadium, and that there was a possibility that the venue may be completely written off. The Canterbury Rugby League cancelled their pre-season competition. The CRL's headquarters, Rugby League Park, was damaged during the earthquake and is currently closed.
Christchurch was set to host five pool matches and two quarter finals of the 2011 Rugby World Cup. However, damage to AMI Stadium, as well as infrastructure, hotels and training grounds put this in doubt. The International Rugby Board and the New Zealand Rugby World Cup organisers quickly confirmed all matches will still be held in New Zealand, but required structural reports and assessments of Christchurch facilities before deciding whether the games could go ahead in Christchurch. An announcement was made on 16 March that the city would be unable to host the cup matches; the quarter finals would be moved to Auckland, while other South Island locations would be considered for the pool games.
Response.
On the day of the quake, Prime Minister John Key said that 22 February "may well be New Zealand's darkest day", and Mayor of Christchurch Bob Parker warned that New Zealanders are "going to be presented with statistics that are going to be bleak". Key added that "All Civil Defence procedures have now been activated; the Civil Defence bunker at parliament is in operation here in Wellington." The New Zealand Red Cross launched an appeal to raise funds to help victims.
The Queen said she was "utterly shocked" and her "thoughts were with all those affected". Her son and heir to the New Zealand throne, The Prince of Wales, also said to New Zealand's governor-general and prime minister: "My wife and I were horrified when we heard the news early this morning... The scale of the destruction all but defies belief when we can appreciate only too well how difficult it must have been struggling to come to terms with last year's horror ... Our deepest sympathy and constant thoughts are with you and all New Zealanders." Other members of the Royal Family signed the condolence book at New Zealand House in London.
International.
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard offered John Key any assistance he may request.
The Australian Government has also pledged A$5 million (NZ$6.7 million) to the Red Cross Appeal. On 1 March, it was announced that the New South Wales Government would be donating A$1 million (NZ$1.3 million) to the victims of the Christchurch Earthquake.
The UN and the European Union offered assistance. Kamalesh Sharma, Commonwealth Secretary-General, sent a message of support to the Prime Minister and stated "our heart and condolences go immediately to the bereaved." He added that the "thoughts and prayers" of the Commonwealth were with the citizens of New Zealand, and Christchurch especially.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper released a statement saying: "The thoughts and prayers of Canadians are with all those affected by the earthquake. Canada is standing by to offer any possible assistance to New Zealand in responding to this natural disaster."
David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, issued a statement as well as his texting his fellow Commonwealth prime ministers. In his formal statement, he commented that the loss of life was "dreadful" and the "thoughts and prayers of the British people were with them".
Ban Ki-Moon, Secretary-General of the United Nations, issued a statement on behalf of the UN expressing his "deep sadness" and stressed the "readiness of the United Nations to contribute to its efforts in any way needed".
China gave US$500,000 to the earthquake appeal, and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao expressed his deep condolences to New Zealand. Twenty Chinese students were reported missing following the quake.
Barack Obama, President of the United States, issued a statement from the White House Press Office on the disaster by way of an official announcement that "On behalf of the American people, Michelle and I extend our deepest condolences to the people of New Zealand and to the families and friends of the victims in Christchurch, which has suffered its second major earthquake in just six months... As our New Zealand friends move forward, may they find some comfort and strength in knowing that they will have the enduring friendship and support of many partners around the world, including the United States." The President also made a call to Prime Minister Key.
Pope Benedict XVI issued an announcement on the earthquake in a statement during his Wednesday audience on 23 February, stating that he was praying for the dead and the injured victims of the devastating earthquake, and encouraging those involved in the rescue efforts.
Fundraising and charity events.
Various sporting events were set up to raise money for those affected, such as the "Fill the Basin" cricket match at the Basin Reserve, featuring ex-New Zealand internationals, All Blacks and actors from "The Hobbit", which raised more than $500,000.
New Zealand cricket team captain Daniel Vettori put his personal memorabilia up for auction.
All Black Sonny Bill Williams and Sky both made large donations from Williams' fourth boxing bout which was dubbed "The Clash For Canterbury".
Numerous musical concerts were performed, both in New Zealand and overseas, to raise money for the affected. Notable events of this nature include a previously unscheduled visit to New Zealand by American rock group Foo Fighters, who performed a Christchurch benefit concert in Auckland on 22 March 2011. The group returned on their following tour and used Western Springs Stadium. This was largely in part to "6.3 Christchurch Charity Concert" which was due to break records in New Zealand for the amount of time it was organised and the estimated sums of donation. The event itself did not receive enough press coverage in time to go ahead as scheduled as the grounds were required for the 2011 Rugby World Cup. The event was cancelled just prior to the press release. Many New Zealand Acts agreed to play at the event which was going to be an all day event, these included: The Feelers, Avalanche City, November Zulu, Black River Drive, Lisa Crawly, Luger Boa. Also rumoured during this time was Blacklistt/Blindspott and many other international acts.
Memorial services.
A national memorial service was held on 18 March at North Hagley Park, coinciding with a one-off provincial holiday for Canterbury, which required the passing of the Canterbury Earthquake Commemoration Day Act 2011 to legislate. Prince William, making a two-day trip to the country to tour the areas affected by the earthquake, attended on the Queen's behalf and made an address during the service. New Zealand's governor-general, Sir Anand Satyanand, attended, along with John Key, Bob Parker, and a number of local and international dignitaries. Australia's official delegation included Governor-General Quentin Bryce, Prime Minister Julia Gillard, and Opposition Leader Tony Abbott.
Commission of Inquiry.
On 14 March, Prime Minister John Key announced a Royal Commission of Inquiry would be held into the earthquake devastation, covering the building collapses and consequent loss of life, damage to key buildings, and general building standards and codes. It would complement the investigations by the Department of Building and Housing. The commission would be chaired by High Court judge Mark Cooper, for a report back in twelve months; a preliminary report would be required in six months.
Recovery.
NGO contribution.
A number of New Zealand based international development non government organisations (NGOs) have been part of the ongoing response and recovery effort following Christchurch earthquake. Working under the umbrella group, the NGO Disaster Relief Forum agencies were on the ground shortly after the devastating 6.3 magnitude earthquake struck. Group members operational in Christchurch have included Adventist Development Agency (ADRA), CBM, Christian world service (CWS) oxfam, Rotary NZ, save the children, tear fund and world vision. Many of these agencies enlisted the support of their international partners and Local teams.
Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority.
On 29 March 2011, John Key and Bob Parker announced the creation of the Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority (CERA), which would lead the earthquake recovery, co-operating with the government, local councils and residents, under chief executive John Ombler. Anticipated to last five years, the authority's operations would be reviewed annually.
Housing.
With an estimated 10,000 houses requiring demolition and over 100,000 damaged, plans were developed for moderate-term temporary housing. Approximately 450 fully serviced mobile homes would be located on sites across the city including Canterbury Agricultural Park and Riccarton Racecourse. The Department of Building and Housing also released a plan for the construction of 500 modular homes. While emergency repairs were performed on damaged houses by Fletcher Construction, rebuilding would be delayed by the need for full land assessments, with the possibility that some of the worst-affected areas in the eastern suburbs might need to be abandoned due to land depression and severe liquefaction, with the residents offered relocation to new subdivisions under their EQC insurance policies.
Schools and universities.
On the day of the earthquake, the main secondary school teachers' union, the Post Primary Teachers Association, had arranged a paid union meeting to be held that afternoon for members in the Christchurch area. This meant most secondary schools in the city had closed early that day and most students had returned home before the earthquake hit, by coincidence limiting potential casualties.
Canterbury University partially reopened on 14 March, with many lectures held in tents and marquees while work was carried out on university buildings. All courses expected to resume by 28 March, with plans for the April break to be shortened by two weeks to make up for lost time.
The UC CEISMIC Canterbury Earthquakes Digital Archive programme was established in 2011 by University of Canterbury Professor Paul Millar. It is a project of the Digital Humanities department, with the aim of preserving the knowledge, memories and earthquake experiences of people of the Canterbury region.
163 primary and secondary schools were affected by the earthquake, most of which were closed for three weeks; 90 had full structural clearance and were able to reopen, 24 had reports indicating further assessment and 11 were seriously damaged. Site-sharing plans were made to enable affected schools to relocate, while 9 "learning hubs" were established throughout the city to provide resources and support for students needing to work from home. Some students relocated to other centres – by 5 March, a total of 4879 Christchurch students had enrolled in other schools across New Zealand. Wanaka Primary School alone had received 115 new enrolments as Christchurch families moved to their holiday homes in the town.
Due to the extensive damage of a number of secondary schools, many were forced to share with others, allowing one school to use the ground in the morning and the other in the afternoon. This included Shirley Boys High School sharing with Papanui High School, Linwood College sharing with Cashmere High School and Avonside Girls High School sharing with Burnside High School and Marian College sharing with St Bedes College and Unlimited Paenga Tawhiti sharing with Halswell Residential College. Linwood College and Shirley Boys' High School moved back to their original sites on 1 August (the first day of Term 3), and 13 September 2011 respectively. Avonside Girls' High School returned to its original site at the start of 2012. Marian College did not return to the original site in Shirley but instead moved to a site at Cathedral College on Barbadoes Street. Unlimited Paenga Tawhiti could not return to its central city buildings due to demolitions and it has no long term site.
In September 2012, Minister of Education Hekia Parata announced plans to permanently close and/or merge a number of schools due to falling roll numbers and quake damage. The proposals were heavily criticised for relying on incorrect information, leading one school, Phillipstown Primary, to seek a judicial review over its proposed merger with Woolston Primary. The court subsequently ruled in favour of Phillipstown and overturned the merger. The plans were confirmed in February 2013, with seven schools closing, 10 schools merging into five (not including the overturned Phillipstown-Woolston merger), and three high schools taking on additional year levels.
Economic impact.
In April 2013 the Government estimated the total cost of the rebuild would be as much as $40 billion, up from an earlier estimate of $30 billion. Former National Party and ACT leader Don Brash promptly called on the government to cut interest-free student loans and superannuation to help pay for the rebuild.
Some economists have estimated it will take the New Zealand economy 50 to 100 years to completely recover.
New Zealand Finance Minister, Bill English, advised that the effects of the 2011 quake were likely to be more costly than the September 2010 quake. His advice was that the 2011 earthquake was a "new event" and that EQC's reinsurance cover was already in place after the previous 2010 event. New Zealand's Earthquake Commission (EQC), a government organisation, levies policyholders to cover a major part of the earthquake risk. The EQC further limits its own risk by taking out cover with a number of large reinsurance companies, for example Munich Re.
The EQC pays out the first NZ$1.5 billion in claims, and the reinsurance companies are liable for all amounts between NZ$1.5 billion and NZ$4 billion. The EQC again covers all amounts above NZ$4 billion. EQC chief executive Ian Simpson said that the $4 billion cap for each earthquake is unlikely to be exceeded by the costs of residential building and land repairs, so $3 billion would be left in the EQC's Natural Disaster Fund after payouts.
Claims from the 2010 shock were estimated at NZ$2.75–3.5 billion. Prior to the 2010 quake, the EQC had a fund of NZ$5.93 billion according to the EQC 2010 Annual Report, with NZ$4.43 billion left prior to the 2011 quake, after taking off the NZ$1.5 billion cost.
EQC cover for domestic premises entitles the holder to up to NZ$100,000 plus tax (GST) for each dwelling, with any further amount above that being paid by the policyholder's insurance company. For personal effects, EQC pays out the first NZ$20,000 plus tax. It also covers land damage within 8 metres of a home; this coverage is uncapped.
Commercial properties are not insured by the EQC, but by private insurance companies. These insurers underwrite their commercial losses to reinsurers, who will again bear the brunt of these claims. JPMorgan Chase & Co say the total overall losses related to this earthquake may be US$12 billion. That would make it the third most costly earthquake event in history, after the 2011 Japan and 1994 California earthquakes.
Earthquake Recovery Minister Gerry Brownlee echoed that fewer claims were expected through the EQC than for 2010. In the 2010 earthquake, 180,000 claims were processed as opposed to the expected 130,000 claims for the 2011 aftershock. The total number of claims for the two events was expected to be 250,000, as Brownlee explained that many of the claims were "overlapping".
The Accident Compensation Corporation (ACC) announced it would be the largest single event they had paid out for, with an estimated 7,500 injury claims costing over $200 million.
On 2 March, John Key said he expected an interest rate cut to deal with the earthquake. The reaction to the statement sent the New Zealand dollar down.
On January 2013 Earthquake Recovery Minister Gerry Brownlee said repairs to damaged homes to date had totalled more than $1 billion.
A KPMG survey in March 2013 suggested as much as $1.5 billion could be sucked from the rebuild in fraud.
In March 2013 a researcher at the University of Canterbury said after the quake, residents – particularly women – turned to comfort food and began eating unhealthily.
Cancellation of 2011 census.
The chief executive of Statistics New Zealand, Geoff Bascand, announced on 25 February that the national census planned for 8 March 2011 would not take place due to the disruption and displacement of people in the Canterbury region, and also the damage sustained by Statistics New Zealand's buildings in Christchurch, which was scheduled to process much of the census. The cancellation required an amendment to the Statistics Act 1975, which legally requires a census to be taken every five years. The Governor-General also had to revoke his previous proclamation of the date of the census. It is the third time the census has been cancelled in New Zealand; the other occasions occurred in 1931, due to the Great Depression, and in 1941 due to World War II. Much of the NZ$90 million cost of the 2011 census was written off. The census was ultimately deferred to 5 March 2013.
External links.
Official response and recovery
Scientific and engineering reports

</doc>
<doc id="30965070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965070" title="Charles Moffatt Jenkinson">
Charles Moffatt Jenkinson

Charles Moffatt Jenkinson (1865–1954) was a Queensland politician.
Early life.
Charles Moffatt Jenkinson was born on 28 March 1865 in Birmingham, England.
He immigrated to Queensland in 1883, where he worked mostly as a journalist. He was publisher of the "Herald", a Brisbane sporting newspaper.
Political life.
He served as a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Wide Bay from 19 March 1898 (a by-election) to 11 March 1902, and as the member for Fassifern from 13 January 1903 (another by-election) to 2 October 1909. 
He served as an alderman on the Brisbane City Council from 1912 to 1916 and from 1920 to 1921, and was the mayor of Brisbane in 1914. As mayor, he is credited with having finalised the decision to construct the (then) new Brisbane City Hall at Albert Square (now known as King George Square), by selling the alternative site in Fortitude Valley to the Catholic Church who proposed to construct the Holy Name Cathedral on that site.
Jenkinson was a candidate for the state seat of Brisbane in the 1915 election but was defeated by the sitting Labor member Mick Kirwan.
Jenkinson was a candidate for the state seat of Toombul in the 1923 election but was defeated by the long-serving sitting member Andrew Petrie. When Andrew Petie retired at the 1926 election, Jenkinson again was a candidate for Toombul but was defeated by Hugh Russell. Undeterred, Jenkinson was a candidate for Toombul in the 1929 election but was again defeated by Hugh Russell.
Later life.
Jenkinson died in Brisbane on 3 July 1954 aged 90. He had been bedridden for 5 years prior to his death. He was buried in Lutwyche Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30965084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965084" title="Atílio Munari">
Atílio Munari

Atílio Munari (1901–1941) was born in Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Biography.
He lived near the Sanga da Alemoa, and when he was 14 years old, he lived with the scientist H. Lotz, a German paleontologist, who taught him to collecting and preparing fossils. Many of the fossils collected by him, are now in Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre and Santa Maria. Helped a lot of paleontologists who visited the city of Santa Maria. Has contributed considerably to the Geopark of Paleorrota.
In his honor, the city of Santa Maria, received the Atilio Munari street. He was buried in "São José Cemetery", near where he was collecting fossils.

</doc>
<doc id="30965085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965085" title="Minuscule 1076 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 1076 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 1076 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε1140 (von Soden), is a 10th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript does not contain gaps.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 282 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 22 lines per page.
The texts of Matthew 18:9-19:11; Mark 13:3-17; John 12:21-35 were supplied by later hand on paper.
The manuscript is ornamented and contains pictures.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 it has mixture of the Byzantine families. It creates textual pair with minuscule 1417.
It lacks text of ("signs of the times"). It contains the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed at the end of the Gospel of John. The pericope has additional scholion, questioned authenticity of the pericope, at the margin: ευρηται και ετερα εν αν αρχαιος αντιγραφοις απερ συνειδομεν γραψαι προς το τελει του αυτου ευαγγελιου α εστιν ταδε. The same scholion has codex 1078.
History.
Gregory dated the manuscript to the 10th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (1076e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Great Lavra (A' 12), in Athos.

</doc>
<doc id="30965087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965087" title="Sherkala">
Sherkala

Sherkala (Шерқала) is a mountain in Mangystau Province, western Kazakhstan, close to the town of Shetpe (ШЕТПЕ). It has been described as looking like a piala, yurt or Sphinx with steep south and east sides and a more eroded northern side.
The mountain is sited between the central and western Karatau Mountains.
Remains of a medieval caravanserei and fort belonging to Dzhuchi, Genghis Khan's elder son are on top and at the foot of the mountain. A tunnel can be used to access the summit.
The ruins of the medieval settlement of Kyzylkala and of Mankashlak (Mankyshlak), a Turkmen town on the Silk Road, are also nearby as is Torysh (The Valley of Balls).
The mountain was, according to legend, besieged by the Sheikh of Khoresm Astsyz after he had conquered Mankashlak. After four months the attackers dug a tunnel sideways through the mountain into the well shaft of the town above, cutting off their rope and forcing their surrender.

</doc>
<doc id="30965099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965099" title="Salt Creek, South Australia">
Salt Creek, South Australia

Salt Creek is a small settlement in South Australia, located along the Coorong, and is also the location of the Coorong National Park Information Centre.
Oil rig monument.
In 1892, a group of entrepreneurs, who believed there was oil located in the Coorong, drilled Australia's first oil well. They were unsuccessful, as it was later discovered that the 'oil' was in fact a flammable, compacted vegetable substance (known as 'coorongite'). A replica of the oil rig has been built as a monument to this enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="30965111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965111" title="Sverre Fredheim">
Sverre Fredheim

Sverre Fredheim (1907 – 1981) was an American skier who was born in Gran, Norway and emigrated to the United States. He competed in ski jumping at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, and at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, where he placed sixth in ski jumping.

</doc>
<doc id="30965119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965119" title="Yekatit 12">
Yekatit 12

Yekatit 12 is a date in the Ethiopian calendar, equivalent to 19 February in the Gregorian calendar, which is commonly used to refer to the indiscriminate massacre and imprisonment of Ethiopians by elements of the Italian occupation forces following an attempted assassination of Viceroy Rodolfo Graziani 19 February 1937. Viceroy Graziani had led the Italian forces to victory over their Ethiopian opponents in the Second Italo-Abyssinian War and was supreme governor of Italian East Africa. This was one of the worst atrocities committed by the Italian occupation forces. 
Estimates of the number of people killed in the three days that followed the attempt on General Graziani's life vary. Ethiopian sources afterwards estimated as many as 30,000 people were killed by the Italians, while Italian sources claimed only a few hundred were killed. Over the following week, numerous Ethiopians suspected or accused of opposing Italian rule were rounded up and executed, including members of the Black Lions, and other members of the aristocracy; most of the 125 young men whom Emperor Haile Selassie had sent abroad to receive college education, and were still resident in Ethiopia, were killed. Many more were imprisoned, even collaborators like "Ras" Gebre Haywot, the son of "Ras" Mikael of Wollo (who had been imprisoned by Emperor Haile Selassie for nine years prior to the Italian invasion), Brehane Markos, and even Ayale Gebre; the latter had helped the Italians identify the two men who made the attempt on General Graziani's life.
Background.
Following the defeat of the Ethiopian forces under his personal command at the Battle of Maychew on 31 March 1936, Emperor Haile Selassie left Ethiopia to address the League of Nations to plead for their assistance against the Italians. He made his close friend and cousin "Ras" Imru Haile Selassie his regent during his absence, who attempted to set up a Provisional Government at Gore, in the southwestern part of the country. Gore, however, was located deep in the homeland of the Oromo people, who opposed his attempts to maintain imperial hegemony; some went as far as to approach the British to recognize their attempts to create a Western Galla Confederation. When the Italians advanced on Nekemte on 24 October, "Ras" Imru found his position untenable and marched south in search of more welcoming surroundings. The two opponents maneuvered over southwestern Ethiopia, the Italians pursuing the Ethiopians, through the month of November until "Ras" Imru was caught on the banks of the Gojeb River, where after fierce fighting "Ras" Imru surrendered on 18 December.
Meanwhile, loyalists made a poorly organized attempt to recapture Addis Ababa on 28 July. Various armed groups of Ethiopians pounced on the Italian positions in the capital city, taking the defenders by complete surprise; the first Italians they encountered were reportedly a group working on a well. However, General Gariboldi had expected an attack on the capital, and had prepared for this eventuality. Although a unit under Abebe Aragai had almost entered the Little Gebbi, where Viceroy Graziani was working, the Ethiopians were repulsed on all sides. Despite a last rally by Abune Petros on the final day of the battle, who led a final advance in St George's Square, the attempt on the city failed.
Lastly, the remaining Ethiopian forces in the southeast were being run down. "Ras" Desta Damtew and "Dejazmach" Beyene Merid had remained in control of their provincial capitals at Irgalem and Goba through November. On 23 November a motorized column under Captain Tucci had penetrated into the region, sparking a revolt by the local Sidama people; Irgalem fell to the Italians on 1 December, and "Ras" Desta and "Dejazmach" Beyene Merid fell back into the mountains of Bale Province. A game of cat-and-mouse followed, until the last few thousand soldiers under their command were cornered near Lake Shala and annihilated by superior Italian numbers at the Battle of Gogetti 18 February 1937. "Ras" Desta managed to escape the battlefield alone, but was hunted down and executed a few days later. With "Ras" Desta Damtew's death, all organized Ethiopian resistance to the Italians was spent.
Attack on Viceroy Graziani.
Despite having unquestioned control over the African empire at the beginning of February 1937, Viceroy Graziani still mistrusted its inhabitants. During the previous year, following the capture of Jijiga by his men, Graziani was inspecting an Ethiopian Orthodox church when he fell through a concealed hole in the floor, which he was convinced had been prepared as a mantrap for him. "From that incident," writes Anthony Mockler, "it is possible to date his paranoiac hatred of and suspicion towards the Coptic clergy." Despite this, to celebrate the birth of the Prince of Naples, Graziani announced he would personally distribute alms to the poor on Friday, 19 February at the Genete Leul Palace (also known as the Little Gebbi).
In the crowd that formed that Friday morning were two young Eritreans living in Ethiopia named Abraha Deboch and Mogus Asgedom. Finding their fortunes limited in the Italian colony, they had come to Ethiopia to enroll in the Menelik II School, where recent events had overtaken them. Apparently accommodating himself to the new administration, Abraha gained employment with the Fascist Political Bureau, where his Eritrean origin, knowledge of Italian, and familiarity with the city made him useful. However, according to Richard Pankhurst, Abraha Deboch was bitterly opposed to the Italians, especially its racist practices. Before leaving their house, Abraha had placed an Italian flag on the wooden floor, driven a bayonet through it, then tied an Ethiopian flag to the bayonet.
The official ceremony began as might be expected. Viceroy Graziani made a speech, a number of Ethiopian notables made their submission to the victors, Italian planes made a fly-over above the city, and at 11 o'clock officials began distributing the promised alms to priests and the poor.
Abraha and Mogus managed to slip through the crowd to the bottom of the steps to the Little Gebbi, then began throwing grenades. According to one account, they managed to lob 10 of them before escaping in the resulting confusion. According to Richard Pankhurst, they were rushed from the scene by a third conspirator, a taxi driver named Simeyon Adefres. Pankhurst also credits him with providing the grenades that Abraha and Mogus threw.
Behind them, the dead included "Abuna" Qerellos's umbrella-bearer. The wounded included the "Abuna" himself, the Vice-Governor General Armando Petretti, General Liotta of the Air Force, and the Viceroy himself; one grenade exploded next to him, sending 365 fragments into his body. Viceroy Graziani was rushed to the Italian hospital where he was operated on immediately, and saved. General Liotta lost his leg to the attack.
For a while Abraha and Mogus hid at the ancient monastery of Debre Libanos but soon moved on, seeking sanctuary in Sudan. Somewhere in Gojjam local inhabitants, always suspicious of strangers, murdered them.
Reprisals.
The Italian response was immediate. According to Mockler, "Italian "carabinieri" had fired into the crowds of beggars and poor assembled for the distribution of alms; and it is said that the Federal Secretary, Guido Cortese, even fired his revolver into the group of Ethiopian dignitaries standing around him." Hours later, Cortese gave the fatal order:
For the rest of that day, through Saturday and Sunday, Italians killed Ethiopians with daggers and truncheons to the shouts of "Duce! Duce!" and "Civiltà Italiana!" They doused native houses with gasoline and set them on fire. They broke into the homes of local Greeks and Armenians and lynched their servants. Some even posed on the corpses of their victims to have their photographs taken. In three days, the Italians had killed 30,000 Ethiopians in Addis Ababa only. The first day is commemorated as "Yekatit 12" (Ethiopian February 19) till now. There is a monument called by the same name in Addis Ababa in memory of those Ethiopian victims of Italian aggression.
The attempted murder provided the Italians with the reason to implement Mussolini's order, issued as early as 3 May 1936, to summarily execute "The Young Ethiopians", the small group of intellectuals who had received college education from American and European colleges. The same day as the assassination, a military tribunal was set up, and by nightfall 62 Ethiopians were tried and shot. "The Graziani Massacre marked the almost total liquidation of the intellectual component of the Resistance," writes Bahru Zewde.
Thousands of Ethiopians of all classes were sent to detention camps at Danan in the Ogaden and Nokra in the Dahlak Archipelago. Conditions at Danan were inhospitable, and Graziani had given orders that the prisoners would receive only the bare minimum of food and water. As Sbacchi notes, "Poor facilities, including latrines, the humid climate, malaria, stomach infections, and venereal disease took many lives, especially among those compelled to work on the irrigation canal or on the banana and sugar-cane plantations." Between ten percent and half of the prisoners died at Danan.
Conditions at Nokra were even worse than at Danan, according to Sbacchi. The detainees sent there joined 500 prisoners serving life sentences for serious political crimes, increasing the total number incarcerated to 1,500. These inmates suffered from lack of fresh water, sunstroke, marsh fever, and dysentery.
The final reprisal struck in May. Investigators found that Abraha and Mogus had stayed a while at Debra Libanos, and slight circumstantial evidence suggested that the monks had foreknowledge of their plans. Graziani, mindful of his misadventure at Jijiga, believed they were complicit and 19 May cabled the local commander, "Therefore execute summarily all monks without distinction including the Vice-Prior." The following day, a feast day of their patron saint Tekle Haymanot, 297 monks plus 23 laymen were shot—the entire population of the monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="30965153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965153" title="Complete FTP Server">
Complete FTP Server

CompleteFTP is a proprietary FTP server for Windows that supports FTP, FTPS, SFTP, SCP, HTTP and HTTPS.
History.
CompleteFTP began as edtFTPD, which was released in 2004. It was a repackaged version of ProFTPD (Cygwin version) with a graphical front-end running on the .NET Framework. 
In November, 2007, the name was changed to CompleteFTP (version 0.5) and the back-end was replaced by a proprietary FTP/FTPS engine. The original edtFTPD administrator GUI was retained in this version. This version was also free. 
CompleteFTP version 1.0 was released in October, 2008 under a commercial license. It introduced a new GUI as well as an improved back-end. CompleteFTP version 2.0 was released in February, 2009, with SFTP support. Subsequent releases have added support for SCP, HTTP and HTTPS. 
More recently, CompleteFTP version 7.0 introduced support for clustering, while version 8.0 added file synchronization and sharing via a client application called CompleteBox.
Features.
CompleteFTP is a FTP, SFTP and HTTP server for Windows operating systems. Its main features are:

</doc>
<doc id="30965160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965160" title="Minuscule 1078 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 1078 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 1078 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A159 (von Soden), is a 10th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. It was adapted for liturgical use. The manuscript is not lacunose. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 282 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 23-25 lines per page.
It contains a commentary and lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Ab. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
It lacks text of . The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed at the end of the Gospel of John. The pericope has an additional scholion at the margin: ευρηται και ετερα εν αν αρχαιος αντιγραφοις απερ συνειδομεν γραψαι προς τω τελει του αυτου ευαγγελιστου α εστιν ταδε. The same scholion has codex 1076 (with two differences - το for τω and ευαγγελιου for ευαγγελιστου).
History.
Caspar René Gregory dated the manuscript to the 10th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by C. R. Gregory (1078e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Great Lavra (A' 12), in Athos.

</doc>
<doc id="30965166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965166" title="Cem (given name)">
Cem (given name)

Cem () is a male given name derived from the Persian Jam.

</doc>
<doc id="30965172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965172" title="Robin Windsor">
Robin Windsor

Robin Windsor (born 15 September 1979), is a British professional Latin and ballroom dancer, best known for his appearances in the BBC television series "Strictly Come Dancing".
Personal life.
Windsor was born in Ipswich, Suffolk, and grew up in the Spring Road area. He attended Clifford Road Primary and Copleston High School. He has been dancing since he was three, when his parents took him to the Ipswich School of Dancing. At age 15 he moved to London to pursue his career as a dancer.
Windsor lived in London with his partner Davide Cini, to whom he had announced his engagement on 21 August 2013. However, in February 2014, it was confirmed that he was in a relationship with X Factor runner-up Marcus Collins. 
Competitive career.
Windsor competed successfully in the juvenile and junior ballroom dancer categories. He represented England in the World Championships.
Theatre.
From 2003 to summer 2010 Windsor was part of the cast of Burn the Floor, one of the leading ballroom based shows in the world. Two tours with Burn the Floor (2003, 2004) and three with FloorPlay (2006 to 2008) took him several times around the world, leading up to the highlights being a stint on Broadway (2009) and in the London West End (2010). In his last season with Burn the Floor in London Robin Windsor was engaged in the role of Swing having to learn all male dancers' parts in all dances in order to step in for any dancer unable to perform in any of the shows.
"Strictly Come Dancing".
Series 8.
In September 2010, Windsor joined the BBC's "Strictly Come Dancing" as one of the three new male professional dancers.His first series ( Series 8), he partnered up with television and film star Patsy Kensit, with whom he reached the seven place.
On 17 December 2010 Robin Windsor won the Grand Piano Pro Challenge on Strictly Come Dancing's sister programme with 3548 points in front of Brendan Cole (1907) and Natalie Lowe (1091).
Windsor and Kensit also took part in the Strictly Come Dancing pro/celeb tour in January and February 2011 dancing the Salsa and the Viennese Waltz and reaching respectable scores of between 60 and 53 out of 60 (including a few 10s for their Viennese Waltz towards the end of the tour).
After the end of the tour Robin Windsor started a series of performances with his new professional partner Kristina Rihanoff.
Series 9.
On 15 June 2011 the BBC announced that Robin Windsor will again be one of the professional dancers training a celebrity in the 2011 series of Strictly Come Dancing. In the launch show for Strictly Come Dancing Series 9 on 10 September 2011 Robin Windsor was paired with actress Anita Dobson, with the couple being named "Team Dobbin" by Robin Windsor on Twitter. They were eliminated on 27 November 2011 after Robin Windsor had been unable to dance for a week due to an injury. Anita Dobson therefore rehearsed and danced the Cha Cha Cha and the Swingathon with Brendan Cole Robin also won this year's Children in need special and was partnered with BBC Breakfast's Susanna Reid
Series 10.
In June 2012, it was announced that Windsor would return to be a professional dancer for his third series. His celebrity partner was announced as actress and presenter, Lisa Riley.
Series 11.
In June 2013 Windsor confirmed his returning comeback as one of the male professional dancers for the current eleventh series of the show. His celebrity partner was "Dragon's Den" panellist, businesswoman and entrepreneur Deborah Meaden. The couple were eliminated in week 5.
Charity.
Together with fellow SCD dancer Artem Chigvintsev, Windsor posed for the "Cosmopolitan" December 2010 Centerfold Raising Awareness for Male Cancer. In January 2011 he took part in the Greater Manchester Police's campaign against Domestic Violence, together with the cast of the SCD Tour 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30965186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965186" title="European Federation of Periodontology">
European Federation of Periodontology

The European Federation of Periodontology (EFP) is a non-profit, scientific dental organisation, comprising 25 National Periodontal member Societies in Europe. It currently numbers 14000 members approximately.
Full members: Austrian Society of PeriodontologyAustrian Society of Periodontology, Belgian Society of PeriodontologyBelgian Society of Periodontology, British Society of PeriodontologyBritish Society of Periodontology, Croatian Society of PeriodontologyCroatian Society of Periodontology, Czech Society of PeriodontologyCzech Society of Periodontology, Danish Society of PeriodontologyDanish Society of Periodontology, Dutch Society of PeriodontologyDutch Society of Periodontology, Finnish Society of PeriodontologyFinnish Society of Periodontology, French Society of Periodontology and Oral ImplantologyFrench Society of Periodontology and Oral Implantology, German Society of PeriodontologyGerman Society of Periodontology, Hellenic Society of PeriodontologyHellenic Society of Periodontology, Hungarian Society of PeriodontologyHungarian Society of Periodontology, Irish Society of PeriodontologyIrish Society of Periodontology, Israeli Society of Periodontology and OsseointegrationIsraeli Society of Periodontology and Osseointegration, Italian Society of PeriodontologyItalian Society of Periodontology, Norwegian Society of PeriodontologyNorwegian Society of Periodontology, Portuguese Society of Periodontology, Slovenian Society of Periodontology, Spanish Society of Periodontology and OsseointegrationSpanish Society of Periodontology and Osseointegration, Swedish Society of PeriodontologySwedish Society of Periodontology, SwissSociety of PeriodontologySwiss Society of Periodontology, Turkish Society of Periodontology Turkish Society of Periodontology .
Associate members: Moroccan Society of Periodontology and ImplantologyMoroccan Society of Periodontology and Implantology, Polish Society of PeriodontologyPolish Society of Periodontology, Serbian Society of PeriodontologySerbian Society of Periodontology.
History.
The first actions in coordinating the scientific meetings of the European Periodontal Societies took place in August 1986.
A European Co-Ordination Committee in Periodontology was appointed by the Belgian, British, Dutch, French, Spanish and the Swiss societies. The first meeting took place in Montreux, Switzerland, on 18 September 1987.
The second Co-ordination Committee meeting took place in Marrakech, Morocco, on 22–23 May 1988, where it was decided to change the name of the European Co-ordination Committee to the European Federation of Periodontology (EFP). This name was chosen to indicate the co-operation of independent autonomous national European periodontal societies.
At the third meeting which was held in Santa Margherita, Italy, on 6 June 1989, it was decided to form a Federation. Extensive discussion took place, which analyzed the goals of the proposed Federation, postgraduate education and, the possibility of a joint scientific meeting. It was unanimously agreed that all the Member Societies of the EFP should join forces to organise a major scientific conference to be held every 5years with the intention of replacing the highly successful North Sea Conference.
During the fourth meeting in Maastricht, Netherlands, in May 1990, the rules of function of the Federation were formed. The European Federation of Periodontology was suggested to be a cooperative body of the European Societies of Periodontology. Each member society should have one representative in the EFP who would take part in the EFP governing body meetings at least once a year.
The meeting in Amsterdam, Netherlands, on 12–13 December 1991 was a landmark in the history of the EFP. At this meeting a formal Constitution and By-Laws were sanctioned and the objectives of the Federation were formally adopted. The first scientific congress of the EFP named EuroPerio 1, was scheduled to be held at EuroDisney on the 12 – 15 May 1994, in Paris, France.
The Constitution and By-Laws of the EFP were amended in 1996 and recently modified οn 27 February 2010.
Purpose of the EFP.
The prime purpose of the EFP is the promotion of Periodontology and, more generally, periodontal and general health both in Europe and worldwide by means of research, education and further development of its science.
EFP Vision.
The driving force of Periodontology in Europe
Inspirational, Innovative, Influential
Periodontology includes the study and management of periodontal conditions and oral implants.
Structure of the EFP.
The Executive Committee consists of the president, the president-elect, the past-president, the general secretary, the treasurer, two additionally elected members if necessary, other co-opted members. The EC meets twice a year, discusses all actions that should be taken by the EFP and prepares them for decision at the General Assembly.
The General Assembly consists of the representative members of the national periodontal societies and is held once a year.
Seven committees have been formed to meet the needs of the objectives that EFP has set, namely the Congress Committee, EuroPerio Committee, External Affairs Committee, Nominating Committee, Undergraduate Committee, Postgraduate Committee and Workshop Committee.
EuroPerio Congresses.
EuroPerio 1 proved to be a great success in Europe and worldwide.
Thereafter, EuroPerio became a brand in its own right which carries wide professional and industry recognition. EuroPerio congresses are held every 3 years. The EFP has established Standardised Guidelines for conducting these large congresses. Until now 6 successful EuroPerio congresses have been held: 1994 - EuroPerio1 in Paris, 1997 - EuroPerio2 in Florence, 2000 - EuroPerio 3 in Geneva, 2003 - EuroPerio 4 in Berlin, 2006 - EuroPerio 5 in Madrid, 2009 - EuroPerio 6 in Stockholm, 2012- EuroPerio 7 in Vienna.
EuroPerio 8.
EuroPerio 8 is the upcoming EuroPerio congress which will take place in 3–6 June 2015 in London.
European Workshop on Periodontology.
EFP organises the European Workshop on Periodontology every 3 years.
EFP Accredited Postgraduate European Programs.
EFP has established European Guidelines for undergraduate and postgraduate education in the field of Periodontology. The EFP Postgraduate Committee receives applications from university periodontal departments. Postgraduate programs are assessed under the EFP Guidelines and, if they conform to the relevant criteria, they are awarded EFP recognition. The graduate programs in Periodontology that have been approved are the following: Academic Centre for Dentistry Amsterdam, University of Bern, Sahlgrenska University Göteborg, Institute for Postgraduate Dental Education Jönköping, UCL Eastman Dental Institute, Université catholique de Louvain, University Complutense in Madrid, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Yeditepe University of Istanbul, Technion of Haifa, University of Dublin, Trinity College, University of Strasbourg, Paris Diderot University at Rothschild hospital.
EFP Publications.
According to the constitution and by-laws, the "Journal of Clinical Periodontology" which is the number one ranked journal in the ISI Journal Citation Reports in dentistry, is the official publication of the EFP. 
The EFP News is the official newsletter of the EFP which circulates twice a year providing all relevant information about issues discussed and decisions taken at the General Assembly, Report on the action of the standing committees, Prizes awarded in the periodontal field during the year, Report on the EuroPerio Congress and the European Workshop on Periodontology, News from the national societies and Calendar of periodontal meetings of the national societies and periodontal related meetings.
Strategic Planning.
The EFP is the leading learned society in Europe dealing with issues related to periodontology at all levels. The EFP is well-recognised among sister organisations such as the American Academy of Periodontology (AAP), International Association for Dental Research (IADR), European Association of Osseointegration (EAO), and Association for Dental Education in Europe (ADEE)
The EFP started a strategic planning process in 2006 in order to re-assign strategic objectives and set the future direction of the organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="30965201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965201" title="William B. Cronyn House">
William B. Cronyn House

William B. Cronyn House, also known as the House at 271 Ninth Street, is a historic home in Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1856 and is a three story Second Empire style dwelling with a slate covered mansard roof. The roof has ornamental iron cresting and a central half-story cupola with clerestory.
In 1888, Charles M. Higgins (1854-1929) acquired the building to use as the Higgins American India Ink factory, and in 1899, added an extension to the factory at 240 Eighth Street.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="30965205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965205" title="H. U. Weitbrecht">
H. U. Weitbrecht

Herbert Udny Weitbrecht (Stanton) was born to a German missionary in London, England in January 1851. His father John James Weitbrecht also spent time in India as a missionary. Even though he is known by his initials his given name was Herbert. His wife's last name was Stanton; this could be the reason that he has added it to his own name later in life, possibly to please her family.
Career.
He received his Ph.D. from the University of Tübingen in 1873. A few years later at age 25 he joined the Church Missionary Society. In 1874 he was ordained as a deacon, and then as a priest the following year by the Bishop of Chester. When he offered himself for ministry in the Church Missionary Society, he was sent to India to be the Vice Principal of St. John's Divinity College in Lahore. From this time on he spent 35 years in Central Panjab (see Punjab region).
In 1879 and 1880 he was the acting secretary of Punjab Corresponding Committee for CMS. Eight years later he became the examining Chaplain to the Bishop of Lahore. This is not where his appointments in Lahore stopped; he was also appointed honorary Canon of Lahore. He was also appointed the Chief Reviser of the Urdu New Testament during the 1890s when a fresh translation was being prepared.
In 1911 Weitbrecht resigned from the CMS and was appointed to the secretaryship of the Central Board of Study for preparation of Missionaries. Two years later as the secretary he published "A Bibliography for Missionary Students". While on the board he was also a member of the Candidates Committee. Weitbrecht was appointed the director of Mildmay Institutions in 1915. The next year he was appointed as James Long Lecturer on Islam. A number of his articles have also been published in the Church Missionary Intelligencer.
Family life.
When Herbert was born his father was still in India so he was not there for the birth. In 1876, he married Ellen Louise Stanton. They were married for 8 years before she died at Bury St. Edmunds on January 18, 1884.
Writings.
As was already mentioned Weitbrecht published "A Bibliography for Missionary Students" in 1913. In 1914 Weitbrecht was invited to take up literary work at home that mostly included works on the Mohammedan controversy. His first work was "Raymond Lull and Six Centuries of Islam" was published in 1915. Ramon Llull is described by Weitbrecht as the one man in the Middle Ages that gave his live to preaching Christ to the Moslems out of love and with much knowledge.
Two major works were published in 1919, "The Teaching of the Qur'an" and "The Gospel According to St. Matthew". Weitbrecht's writings have also been published in many journals and compiled works. S.M. Zwemer published articles by Weitbrecht in two of his books, the first "The Mohammedan World of Today 1906" contains Weitbrecht's "The New Islam in India," referring to the movement founded by Sir Syed Ahmed Khan of Aligarh. Weitbrecht analyzed this "New Islam" in detail and its impact in India and on the Christian community there. Zwemer's book "Islam and Missions" published in 1911 contains "Reform Movements in India" by Weitbrecht. He also played a major part in translating "Modern Doubt and Christian Belief" by Theodore Christlieb who is also Weitbrecht's brother-in-law, from German to English.

</doc>
<doc id="30965214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965214" title="Barry Strugatz">
Barry Strugatz

"Barry Strugatz" is an American film director and screenwriter.
Personal life.
Growing up in New York, Barry got an early taste for film and began working on Hair as a PA in 1978. From there he continued to do several projects, including some with his writing partner Mark R. Burns, whom he wrote his breakout hit Married to the Mob and She-Devil. Barry, a lifetime Brooklynite, currently still resides there with his wife and kids.
Career.
Strugatz got his start as a production assistant and location scout, working under the auspices of directors Miloš Forman (Hair) and Woody Allen (The Purple Rose of Cairo). He hit it big with his screenplay to 1988’s Married to the Mob, directed by a pre-Silence of the Lambs’ Jonathan Demme, but 1989’s She Devil endured a critical and commercial roasting. He spent the next decade writing for the likes of Bette Midler and Joe Pesci. He finally turned to directing in 2000 with a short film, The Transformation.
"Married to the Mob".
Married to the Mob is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Jonathan Demme, starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Matthew Modine.
Michelle Pfeiffer, in something of a departure from her previous roles, gave an acclaimed lead performance as a gangster's widow from Brooklyn, opposite Matthew Modine as the undercover FBI agent assigned the task of investigating her mafia connections.
As a slippery mob boss romantically pursuing Angela, Dean Stockwell was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. It currently holds a 91% Fresh Rating on Rotten Tomatoes
"She-Devil".
She-Devil is a 1989 American film starring Meryl Streep and Roseanne Barr. It was directed by Susan Seidelman. It is the second adaptation of the novel The Life and Loves of a She-Devil by British writer Fay Weldon, after a BBC TV adaptation was first broadcast in 1986.
Meryl Streep was nominated for the "Best Actress for a Musical or Comedy" Golden Globe in 1990.
"The Transformation (Short)".
Award winning short film starring Paul Lazar as a hopeless mailroom employee. He's a shy, misunderstood adult who is taken advantage of by co-workers, bosses, bullies, and even his own father. It's not until he has a life-changing moment watching a Steve McQueen movie that he finds his inner stud. From this moment on, he takes on the tough guy persona and learns how to not only stand up for himself, but also get the girl. Written and Directed by Barry Strugatz.
"From Other Worlds".
From Other Worlds is a sci-fi comedy about a depressed Brooklyn housewife who sleepwalks through her life until she encounters an alien force in her backyard. With the help of a fellow contactee, an African immigrant, she is determined to solve the mystery of her otherworldly experiences. Along the way, she finds romance, saves the planet and finds new meaning in her life.
Academy Award Nominee Melissa Leo played a supporting role.

</doc>
<doc id="30965219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965219" title="Vicentino Prestes de Almeida">
Vicentino Prestes de Almeida

Vicentino Prestes de Almeida, (Born 1900 in Chiniquá, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil) was a Brazilian paleontologist. He died on October 28, 1954, in São Pedro do Sul.
Biography.
Prestes was a self-taught paleontologist. Beginning in 1925, he worked with many visiting paleontologists in both Santa Maria and São Pedro do Sul in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Many of the fossils collected by Prestes are in museums in Porto Alegre, such as the Júlio de Castilhos Museum, the Zoobotanical Natural History Museum of Rio Grande do Sul, the Museum of Science and Technology (PUCRS) and the Museum of Paleontology Irajá Damiani Pinto.
Friedrich von Huene named the carnivorous Triassic reptile Prestosuchus chiniquensis in Prestes's honor (from Prestes and Chiniquá, his birthplace).
Prestes organized and arranged the fossils for the Instituto de Educação General Flores da Cunha and contributed considerably to the Paleorrota Geopark.

</doc>
<doc id="30965238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965238" title="Favourite Fears">
Favourite Fears

Favourite Fears is the debut album by New Zealand band The Earlybirds. It entered the New Zealand Charts at number seven, remaining there for three weeks.
Personnel.
Filip Kostovich - Vocals / Keys
Mike Cannon - Guitar
Jared Aisher - Bass
Sean Patterson - Drums
Kane Ter Veers - Guitar / Backing Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="30965240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965240" title="Business Alliance for Secure Commerce">
Business Alliance for Secure Commerce

The Business Alliance for Secure Commerce (BASC) is an international business alliance, created to promote secure international trade in cooperation with governments and international organizations.
The current director of BASC is Fermín Cuza.
History.
BASC, which initially stood for Business Anti Smuggling Coalition, was created by Mr. Fermin Cuza in 1996, as a voluntary cooperation program between the private sector and the United States Customs Administration, in order to avoid using legal trade for smuggling and drug trafficking.
That same year a company based in Cartagena was the first one in South America to adopt the BASC program and was chosen by the US Customs to develop the BASC pilot plan. Thanks to the results, the drive of local entrepreneurs who believed in this initiative, the support for governments and customs expansion in Latin America.
Given this growth and with the purpose of having an international entity to ensure the global functioning and credibility of the program, the World BASC Organization -WBO-was created in 2002 in the state of Department: Division of Corporations -USA-, as a nonprofit organization, with the mission to facilitate and speed up international trade, by establishing global security standards and procedures to the logistic trade chain with the support of custom entities and government authorities.
Given this growth and with the purpose of having an international entity to ensure the global functioning and credibility of the program, the World BASC Organization -WBO-was created in 2002 in the state of Delaware -USA-, as a nonprofit organization, with the mission to facilitate and speed up international trade, by establishing global security standards and procedures to the logistic trade chain with the support of custom entities and government authorities.
Standards & Requirements.
BASC standards meet the requirements of other recognized initiatives.
1. Be a company or a person actively involved in logistics, production or service activities related to foreign trade or services.
2. Each company must be legally established and have commercial activities in the country, as well as overseas, that will permit the validation of the integrity of the firm and their partners and directors. Also, the company should not have any criminal record or considered to have by any national or foreign authorities a suspicious person and/or dubious legal or criminal reputation.
3. Comply with the registration process approved by each chapter according to the procedure set by the WBO.
Background Information Positive Aspects.
The world BASC is a recognized Industry Partnership Program with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and is recognized by several international Customs Organizations.
The program works with:
Any company can become BASC Certified Company.

</doc>
<doc id="30965242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965242" title="Tormod Mobraaten">
Tormod Mobraaten

Tormod Knutsen "Tom" Mobraaten (born 19 February 1910, died 10 June 1991) was a Canadian skier, born in Kongsberg, Norway. He competed in ski jumping, cross country skiing and Nordic combined. He participated at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, and at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.

</doc>
<doc id="30965265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965265" title="Wilson-Finlay House">
Wilson-Finlay House

The Wilson-Finlay House, also known as Mist Lady, the Joshua Wilson House and the Finlay House, is a historic plantation house in Gainestown, Alabama. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on September 17, 1976. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12, 1978, due to its architectural significance.
History.
The house was built circa 1846 for Dr. Joshua Sanford Wilson by Isaac Fuller from Maine. Wilson, born in 1792 in Halifax County, North Carolina, was a physician, planter, and politician. His father, the Reverend Joshua Wilson, settled in Gainestown around 1817. He was a Revolutionary War veteran and Methodist minister. 
As of 2011, the house is owned by the Louis M. Finlay, Jr. family. They also maintain the Gainestown Schoolhouse, another National Register-listed property, on the grounds for use as a guest cottage.
Architecture.
The two-story Greek Revival-style house is wood-frame with limestone ashlar foundations and front columns, an unusual feature in Alabama. The limestone, with visible marine fossils present, was quarried locally, at the Gainestown Quarry on the Alabama River. The house is rectangular in form and utilizes a central hall-type plan. A central two-tiered Doric portico fronts the structure. A louvered fanlight is centered in the pediment above the portico.

</doc>
<doc id="30965266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965266" title="Fresh'n">
Fresh'n

Fresh'n was a United States toilet paper substitute, a moistened flushable biodegradable toilet towel. It was marketed with the slogan, "I don't use toilet paper."

</doc>
<doc id="30965267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965267" title="Chronicles of Ynis Aielle">
Chronicles of Ynis Aielle

Chronicles of Ynis Aielle is a fantasy trilogy by American author R. A. Salvatore, published between 1990 and 2000. It comprises: "Echoes of the Fourth Magic" (1990), "The Witch's Daughter" (1991), and "Bastion of Darkness" (2000).
The first of the trilogy was the first manuscript which R. A. Salvatore submitted to publishers, although not his first to be published. He started writing it in 1982 and completed it in 1987. He created the setting of Ynis Aielle for the novel, which he wrote in longhand by candlelight.
"Echoes of the Fourth Magic".
The first book of the trilogy opens in science-fiction style. The research submarine "Unicorn" is caught in a storm while passing through the Bermuda Triangle. It drifts through time and arrives in a post-apocalyptic future, which resembles a fantasy world. After a nuclear war has wiped out humanity, a magical utopia populated by elves has arisen on the Isle of Hope, Ynis Aielle. The island's peace is threatened by a sinister master of the mystical arts who has embraced the forbidden third magic, the most deadly sorcery of all. 
Captain Mitchell, Doc Brady, Billy Shank, Reinheiser, and Jeffry "Del" DelGiudice of the "Unicorn" find themselves regarded as the ancient ones of prophecy, destined to change the world, and ally themselves with Brielle, the Emerald Witch of the Woods, and Ardaz, the Silver Mage.
"The Witch's Daughter".
"The Witch's Daughter" is set 20 years after the conclusion of "Echoes of the Fourth Magic". The new characters include Del's and Brielle's daughter, Rhiannon, and the half-elf Bryan of Corning. 
With the revival of the Black Warlock, the enchanted peace of Ynis Aielle is once more threatened. Rhiannon must learn to deal with her own frightening new powers in order to defeat him. 
"Bastion of Darkness".
The third book, published almost a decade after the second, echoes earlier themes. Morgan Thalasi, the Black Warlock, returns with even greater power than before: with the Staff of Death, he can raise an unstoppable army of the dead. His dark wraith general, the former Hollis Mitchell, captures Rhiannon, the daughter of the Emerald Witch. To defeat him, a mixed company sets out for Talas-dun, to retrieve a mysterious treasure guarded by a dragon.

</doc>
<doc id="30965282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965282" title="Franciscan Province of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary">
Franciscan Province of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary

The Franciscan Province of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (officially ) is a province of the Franciscan order of the Catholic Church in Herzegovina. Its headquarters are currently in Mostar.
Location.
The Province includes monasteries in:
and priests of the province serve at 33 churches in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
The province also conducts ministry for Croatian parishes and missions in Western Europe, the United States, and Canada, and conducts a mission in Democratic Republic of the Congo.
History.
Franciscan friars came to the region of Bosnia in 1291 to help oppose the dualistic Bogomil sect, also called "Patarenes", and the non-Catholic "Bosnian Christians". The first Franciscan vicariate in Bosnia was founded in 1339/40. In the 14th century, when the bishop of Bosnia (Vhrbosna) was forced to move to Djakovo (in modern-day Croatia), and the bishop of Trebinje moved to Dubrovnik, Franciscans took over a leadership role in the church in the region.
Under the Ottoman Empire.
The Ottoman Empire gained control of Bosnia in 1463 and Herzegovina in 1482. The Franciscan order was promised toleration by Sultan Mehmed II the Conqueror in 1463. Friar Anđeo Zvizdović of the Monastery in Fojnica received the oath on 28 May 1463 at the camp of Milodraž.
Mehmed II's "ferman" (also "Ahdnama" or "Ahd-Namah") on the Freedom of the Bosnian Franciscans stated:
This ferman is one of the oldest documents on religious freedom, providing independence and tolerance to people of a differing religion, belief, and race. It was republished by the Ministry of Culture of Turkey for the 700th anniversary of the foundation of the Ottoman State. The original edict is still kept in the Franciscan Catholic Monastery in Fojnica. In 1971, the United Nations published a translation of the document in all the official U.N. languages.
Founding of the province.
Without a regular hierarchy of bishops in place, the diocesan clergy fell into decline and disappeared by the mid-19th century. To support the local church which was functioning without resident bishops, the Holy See founded an Apostolic Vicariate for Bosnia in 1735, and assigned Franciscans as apostolic vicars to direct it. The Franciscan Province of Bosna Srebrena was restructured to correspond to the borders of Ottoman rule in 1757; it split in 1846, when friars from the Kresevo monastery broke off to found the monastery at Siroki Brijeg. A separate Franciscan jurisdiction (a "custody") was established for Herzegovina in 1852. Pope Leo XIII raised it to the status of a province (the Province of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary) in 1892.
Restoration of the hierarchy and conflict with the dioceses.
After the retreat of Ottoman rule in 1878, when Herzegovina became part of the empire of Austria-Hungary, Pope Leo XIII took steps to establish dioceses (1881) and appoint local bishops.
As part of re-establishing normal church structures, the bishops worked to transfer parishes from the Franciscans to the diocesan clergy, but friars resisted, and in the 1940s, the two Franciscan provinces still held 63 of 79 parishes in the dioceses of Vrhbosna and Mostar. Resistance to diocesan clergy continued through the following decades, despite papal support for the diocesan bishops. In the 1970s, friars in Herzegovina formed the "Mir i Dobro" association of priests, which encouraged popular support for local autonomy and opposition to diocesan parish takeovers. 
A 1975 decree by Pope Paul VI, "Romanis Pontificibus", ordered that Franciscans withdraw from a majority of the parishes in the Diocese of Mostar-Duvno, retaining 30 and leaving 52 to the diocesan clergy. Resistance continued, and in the 1980s the Franciscan Province held 40 parishes under the direction of 80 friars. The Holy See imposed restrictions on the Province, imposing a superior instead of allowing normal elections, and forbidding the admission of new candidates.
In the 1990s, the cases of seven parishes remained unresolved, and the Holy See brought the leadership of the worldwide Franciscan Order into the process to see that "Romanis Pontificibus" would be implemented. When visited by Franciscan superiors from Rome, most friars expressed their willingness to comply, and transfers of clergy were decreed in order to carry out the plan, but the newly appointed diocesan clergy were met with the physical occupation of churches, threats, and even some violence by occupiers. Several recalcitrant friars were expelled from the Order for disobedience but continued to engage in forbidden ministry. 
In spite of these limitations, the Franciscan Minister General declared in 1999 that he had implemented the decree, and in 2001 the province conducted its first Provincial Chapter and elections in decades. In contrast, Bishop Ratko Peric of Mostar-Duvno responded in 2002 that the decree had not yet been implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="30965285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965285" title="Gainestown Schoolhouse">
Gainestown Schoolhouse

The Gainestown Schoolhouse is a historic school building on Clarke County Road 29 in Gainestown, Alabama. It was built in 1919 as a one-room schoolhouse and now serves as a guesthouse for the Wilson-Finlay House across the road. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 1, 1992, due to its architectural significance.
Architecture.
The form is like that of most late 19th century school buildings in Alabama, namely a one story frame, rectangular-shaped building with a front gabled roof. A single entrance is found on the gabled front and a row of
windows on each side elevation. 
The building was expanded to two rooms in 1930, with the addition of a western side-wing. The large gabled wing turned the schoolhouse into a T-shaped building. 

</doc>
<doc id="30965297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965297" title="Messines Ridge (New Zealand) Memorial">
Messines Ridge (New Zealand) Memorial

The Messines Ridge (New Zealand) Memorial is a World War I memorial, located in Messines Ridge British Cemetery, near the town of Mesen, Belgium. The memorial lists 827 officers and men of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force with no known grave who died in or near Messines in 1917 and 1918. This period included the Battle of Messines.
The memorial, designed by the English architect Charles Holden, is one of seven such memorials on the Western Front to the missing dead from New Zealand. The others are located at Buttes New British Cemetery, Caterpillar Valley (Longueval), Grevillers, Tyne Cot, Cite Bonjean, and Marfaux.
The land on which the cemetery and memorial were constructed had been the site of a mill (the Moulin d'Hospice) belonging to the Institute Royal de Messines (a Belgian orphanage and school, itself formerly a Benedictine abbey). The mill dated from 1445, but was destroyed during the war, with the memorial erected where the mill once stood.
Other memorials in the Mesen area to the forces of New Zealand include a white stone obelisk a short distance to the south. This obelisk, one of several National Memorials erected by New Zealand, was unveiled by King Albert I of Belgium on 1 August 1924. This obelisk is now part of the New Zealand Memorial Park. Annual remembrance services take place at the memorials in and around Mesen on Anzac Day.

</doc>
<doc id="30965323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965323" title="Tricks, Treats and Other Tales from the Crypt">
Tricks, Treats and Other Tales from the Crypt

Tricks, Treats And Other Tales From The Crypt is a compilation album released by Detroit based Heavy Metal band Halloween (metal band) in 2003. It features re-recorded versions of classic Halloween songs, as well as one new studio track. It was recorded in 2002-2003.
Halloween's breakout album was recorded in 2002 with what has come to be known as the Halloween 4.0 lineup. The 4th iteration of the band featured founding vocalist Brian Thomas, Axe Slayer Donny Allen, Jason "JDawg" Rossvanes on drums, Tommy Vendetta Guitar and John "Sixpac" Guarascio on Bass. The lineup was actually not originally intended to be Halloween, but unbelievable fan support for Halloween almost forced their hand. The band worked tirelessly to record a mix of classic Halloween "hits" and a handful of new/unrecorded tracks. The band played several shows stateside before being signed to headline the Keep It True Festival in Germany. It was during this era that the band finally made a run for Europe. The band had amassed a large cult following in Europe, but never had a lineup or management to get the ball rolling. The great success and European media blitz that followed the release of Trick, Treats, and Other Tales From The Crypt is what propelled Halloween into the spotlight it still enjoys today. Though short lived, "Halloween 4.0" is undoubtedly the incarnation that got Halloween out of Detroit.
Personnel.
Guests
Sources.
Official Halloween website

</doc>
<doc id="30965340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965340" title="Rosa 'Ingrid Bergman'">
Rosa 'Ingrid Bergman'

Rosa 'Ingrid Bergman' is a hybrid tea rose, bred by Olesen and introduced by Danish rose growers Poulsen in 1984. It is a cross between "Rosa" 'Precious Platinum' and a seedling. 'Ingrid Bergman' has moderately fragrant, velvety, dark red flowers up to 10 cm diameter from June to September. It was named after the Swedish actress Ingrid Bergman.
It was selected as "World Favourite Rose" in 2000 by the World Federation of Rose Societies and is listed in their Rose Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="30965344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965344" title="North Valley Parkway">
North Valley Parkway

North Valley Parkway or Gavilan Peak Parkway is a , largely four-lane, north–south arterial parkway in North Phoenix and Anthem, Arizona, generally running parallel to the Interstate 17 (I-17) from Norterra Parkway to New River Road. In the last three years, the parkway has undergone changes from a non-contiguous 20% unpaved segments of dead end drives, into a major alternative to the often congested I-17 in the far north valley. By 2020 all segments of the double-named Parkway should be completed, and is expected to become a major commercial route for the far north section of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area, and will be easily accessed by over seven I-17 exits. North Valley Parkway also differs from other north Phoenix Metropolitan roads as it does not follow a straight line and curves every mile or so heading awkwardly northwest, following the 23rd, 27th and 35th avenue alignments at various points.
Route description.
North Valley Parkway begins at Jomax Road in North Phoenix as a continuation of 19th Avenue, work to build a six-lane bridge over the Central Arizona Project Canal was completed in December 2011. the parkway begins at the terminus of Jomax Road and heads north as a six-lane divided road until Dixileta Drive where it temporarily narrows to two lanes, widening to four lanes at Sonoran Desert Drive, which will in the future be a surface street continuation of the Loop 303. The road heads north one more mile (1.6 km) passing Sonoran Boulevard before it detours onto 27th Drive and then the State Route 74 (SR 74, Carefree Highway), this detour is due to lack of funding to build a bridge over the Skunk Creek Wash. From the Carefree Highway north, the road is five lanes for another mile before taking the name Gavilan Peak Parkway, named for the mountain in New River: Gavilan Peak. From here it enters the community of Anthem and becomes a divided street again north of Pioneer Road, heading north past Daisy Mountain Drive, Boulder Creek High School, Anthem’s community park. It then narrows down to two lanes as it becomes simply I-17 Frontage Road, and dead ends north of New River Road.
Business and commercial opportunities.
Between Norterra Parkway and 27th Drive; North Valley Parkway sits one mile east of I-17, the majority of this land to the west currently vacant, and will remain so until the completion of the Loop 303, and Sonoran Boulevard’s eastward connection to Cave Creek Road. Shortly prior to the completion of these two projects, the City of Phoenix will begin selling many parcels of land already zoned for commercial use along the parkway as well as the northbound I-17 frontage road. This area is known as the North Gateway Urban Village, and by 2030 it is expected to become a major quadrant of the metropolitan area. It is anticipated that the development will add 15,000 jobs and 25,000 residents to the North Phoenix Area. The segment from 27th Drive to the Carefree Highway, currently unbuilt, will feature less condensed businesses such as strip malls. Strip malls are already in existence along the parkway on the north side of the Carefree Highway. Between 33rd Lane and Cloud, land is reserved for future commercial use, but only after the lands south of it are developed. North of Cloud, land is preserved up to the Joy Ranch Road alignment, north of which the area is zoned solely residential until Daisy Mountain Drive. The parkway segment between Daisy Mountain Drive and just north of Anthem Way runs through already sold and developed commercial land, interspersed with residential properties along the roadway. North of there, the area is solely residential; further north the road becomes merely a two-way rural frontage road. There are no future plans in for that space, but there is a lot of open land.

</doc>
<doc id="30965366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965366" title="2011–12 Los Angeles Kings season">
2011–12 Los Angeles Kings season

The 2011–12 Los Angeles Kings season was the 45th season (44th season of play) for the National Hockey League franchise. Although they finished the season with 95 points, and the eighth seed in the Western Conference playoffs, they went on to capture the first Stanley Cup championship in team history.
Regular season.
On December 12, 2011, the Kings relieved head coach Terry Murray of his coaching duties and named John Stevens as interim coach. On December 20, 2011, the Kings hired Darryl Sutter to be their head coach, replacing interim head coach John Stevens.
Out of the Kings' 82 regular-season games, 21 ended in a shutout. The Kings as a team were shut out 10 times, a league-high.
Playoffs.
The Kings made the playoffs for the third consecutive season, needing a win in the final game to secure the eighth seed. The Kings also became the second team to eliminate the #1, #2 and #3 seeds from the playoffs in the same postseason (after the 2003–04 Calgary Flames). They then defeated the New Jersey Devils in the Stanley Cup Finals, becoming the first #8 seed in North American professional sports history to win a championship. They are also one of the few teams to win a championship after never even once having home-venue advantage. LA amazingly would start every series by winning the first 3 games, only sweeping the St. Louis Blues. It should be noted the Kings are the first team in NHL history to win a Cup eliminating the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd seed in order. Daryll Sutter was the Head Coach at the time for both teams to achieve the feat making the Stanley Cup Finals.
Player stats.
Goaltenders.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Kings. Stats reflect time with the Kings only.
‡Traded mid-season.
Bold/italics denotes franchise record.
Underline denotes currently with a minor league affiliate.
Final roster.
Updated June 4, 2012.<br>
--->
Transactions.
The Kings have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
LA 's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
Farm teams.
Manchester Monarchs (AHL).
The 2011–12 season will be the 11th season of AHL hockey for the franchise. The Monarchs clinched a playoff berth as the 8th seed in the Eastern Conference in the 2012 Calder Cup Playoffs and faced the Norfolk Admirals, where they were defeated 3 games to 1.
Ontario Reign (ECHL).
The 2011–12 season will be the 4th season of ECHL hockey for the franchise since moving to Ontario from Texas. It saw the Reign capture their second Pacific Division Regular Season championship and their second playoff berth. However, the Reign lost to the Idaho Steelheads in the first round of the 2012 Kelly Cup playoffs. The Reign have never advanced past the first round in their franchise history.

</doc>
<doc id="30965368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965368" title="La muerte no es el final">
La muerte no es el final

"For the book, see Death Is Not the End".
La Muerte No Es El Final ("Death Is Not The End") is a Christian song composed by the Spanish priest Cesáreo Gabaráin Azurmendi, (1936–1991) after the death of Juan Pedro, a young organist in his church. Cesáreo Gabaráin composed hundreds of religious songs, some of them known worldwide such as «Pescador de Hombres» 
Later on, the Spanish Armed Forces adopted the song as an hymn used to pay tribute to those who died in military service.

</doc>
<doc id="30965370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965370" title="Third Baptist Church">
Third Baptist Church

Third Baptist Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30965396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965396" title="Interpellation (politics)">
Interpellation (politics)

Interpellation is the formal right of a parliament to submit formal questions to the government. In many parliaments, each individual member of parliament has the right to formally submit questions (possibly a limited amount during a certain period) to a member of government. The respective minister or secretary is then required to respond and to justify government policy. Interpellation thus allows the parliament to supervise the government's activity. In this sense, it is closer to a motion of censure. In English, the parliamentary questioning sense of 'interpellation' dates from the late 19th century. It has been adopted from French constitutional discourse.
In some countries, for example Finland and Slovenia, interpellations are more or less synonymous with a motion of no confidence because they are automatically connected with a vote of confidence and their express purpose is to determine the confidence enjoyed by the government or a minister. In Finland, the government must reply to an interpellation in a plenary session within 15 days. After receiving the reply to the interpellation, parliament debates the matter and proceeds to vote on whether the government or a particular minister enjoys the confidence of Parliament (vote of confidence).

</doc>
<doc id="30965405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965405" title="Tirgan Festival">
Tirgan Festival

The Tirgan Festival (Persian: جشنواره تیرگان), is the largest Iranian festival in the world. The festival is a biannual four-day celebration of Iranian arts and culture held in Toronto, Canada. It features Iranian cultural performances in music, dance, theatre, cinema, literature, and visual arts. Tirgan 2013 attracted over 120,000 visitors to Toronto's Harbourfront Centre between July 18 and July 21, 2013.
History.
Originally showcased under the name, "Under the Azure Dome," Tirgan 2006 celebrated Nowruz (the Persian New Year) as well as Iranian arts and culture on a mass scale. The festival was held between March 17 and March 19, 2006 at Toronto’s Harbourfront Centre and featured over a hundred performers in dance, music, theatre, cinema, and visual arts. It drew an 25,000 visitors from Canada and other countries from around the world. In 2008, Tirgan featured internationally acclaimed artists like Ostad Mohammad Reza Lotfi, Saeed Shanbehzadeh, and Shahrokh Moshkin-Ghalam. Tirgan 2008 attracted over 60,000 visitors to more than 50 performances. With more than 70 performances by over 150 artists from around the globe, organized by over 300 volunteers, Tirgan 2011 attracted 120,000 visitors to become the world’s largest Iranian festival.
The Legend of Tirgan.
"Tirgan" refers to an ancient Iranian festival. There are various legends concerning its origins. One legend describes how Iran and Turan, two long-standing enemies, decided to declare peace by drawing the boundaries between the two empires. Arash, the best archer in the Iranian army, was chosen to ascend Mount Damavand to shoot an arrow, with the landing location determining the boundary. Iranians watched in hope as the arrow flew from dawn until noon, expanding the boundaries of Iran beyond all expectations. What resulted was the inclusion of many diverse cultures throughout the territory of Iran. Tirgan became a celebration of that diversity.
Highlights.
Tirgan promotes Iranian arts and culture, while making a concerted effort to feature contributions from Iranians of all ethnicities, backgrounds, and cultural disciplines. At Tirgan festivals, local as well as internationally-renowned artists and performers of Iranian descent unite to celebrate Iranian culture and heritage. Visitors to Tirgan can also sample savoury Iranian cuisine. It is also an opportunity to visit a traditional bazaar showcasing goods that include arts and crafts, Persian literature, exotic sweets, spices, and traditional musical instruments.
Organization.
The Tirgan Festival is organized by the Iranian-Canadian Centre for Art and Culture, a non-profit, non-partisan, and non-religious organization, registered under the Ontario Corporation Act, in Ontario, Canada.
Funding & Support.
Tirgan relies primarily on donations from the community, grants from the federal, provincial, and municipal tiers of the Canadian Government, and corporate sponsorships. Local non-profit foundations, student associations, community and professional groups and artistic groups help promote and raise awareness of the festival through Tirgan’s Affiliate marketing initiatives. Additionally, 300 volunteers work on the festival each year.
Tirgan 2011: 'Visions of Eternity'.
Tirgan’s third biennial festival occurred from Thursday July 21, 2011 to Sunday July 24, 2011. With a theme of "Visions of Eternity," the festival attracted 120,000 visitors to more than 70 performances by over 150 artists. Over 300 volunteers helped Tirgan become the world’s largest Iranian festival. Tirgan 2011 also coincided with the release of the festival’s new brand and logo, as well as the introduction of its film and short story contest series.
The 2011 festival highlights included performances by the folk musical group Shanbehzadeh Ensemble, contemporary dance by Ida Saki, Iranian rock bands King Raam and Radio Tehran.
Other key programs included a literary program with authors such as Shahrnush Parsipur, and the Visual Arts exhibition Visions of Eternity which included the works of Reza Derakhshani, Nasser Ovissi, Parastou Forouhar, and Abbas Akhavan amongst others.
Tirgan 2013: 'Hope'.
From July 18 to 21, 2013, Tirgan held its fourth festival in Toronto. Tirgan 2013 attracted over 120,000 visitors and brought together artists from around the globe to showcase the richness and diversity of Iranian art and culture. The festival featured more than 70 performances in traditional, contemporary, and transitional arts. 
The programs are divided into six sections: Dance, Cinema, Literature, Music, Theatre, and Visual Arts. Designed to include a variety of forms and styles these programs incorporate a blend of workshops, panel discussions, lectures, tours, interactive installations and exhibitions to engage, educate and entertain. Some highlights of the 2013 festival included: Vancouver Pars National Ballet, screening of film by Shirin Neshat, live musical performance by UK based Ajam (band), classical and folk music ensemble Sarv, and The Third Space visual arts exhibition curated by Sanaz Mazinani.

</doc>
<doc id="30965418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965418" title="Inga Stephens Pratt Clark">
Inga Stephens Pratt Clark

Inga Marie Stephens Pratt Clark (1906–1970) was an American artist and book illustrator, who with her husband Fletcher Pratt was at the center of a circle of New York literary figures during the 20th Century.
Life and work.
Inga Stephens was born 8 December 1906 in Brookings, South Dakota. She studied art at the Académie Colarossi in Paris and at the Art Students League of New York. On 1 July 1926, she married Fletcher Pratt, a prolific American author. She illustrated several of Pratt's books,including "Tales from Gavagan's Bar, Empire and the Sea, The Empire and the Glory", and "A Man and His Meals". She also collaborated with him on at least two stories, and served as his literary executor.
Under the names of Inga Stephens, Inga, and later Inga Pratt, she was a freelance commercial artist, specializing in fashion. She collaborated with Tedi Berri on a textbook, "Fashion Drawing". Kay Hardy wrote: "Such artists as... Inga Pratt, of Bloomingdale's, have a style of work as definite as individual handwriting and no more to be imitated than the signature on a check." She also collaborated in writing a couple of science fiction stories with her husband, for which she used the name I. M. Stephens.
She invented an improved scarf, for which she obtained a patent in 1959.
Of her, Fletcher Pratt wrote: "She is a South Dakota Norwegian, brought up in Montana, where she learned to ride a horse before she was seven, and where she had a collection of pets, which included four eagles, one coyote, one bull-snake, and fourteen cats. She eats a very light breakfast. Her fashion drawings appear in the New York papers almost daily and in various magazines. She finds bridge a waste of time but has illustrated several books. She occasionally plays a recorder, knows how to drive a car, and spends weekends in the country."
In the early 1950s, the Pratts hosted meetings of the Hydra Club, an organization of New York's science fiction writers, in their Manhattan apartment at 32 West 58th Street. Hydra Club members included Frederik Pohl, Lester del Rey, David A. Kyle, Judith Merril, Martin Greenberg, Robert W. Lowndes, Philip Klass, Willy Ley, George O. Smith, Sam Merwin and Harry Harrison.
Later the Pratts purchased a sprawling home in Highlands, New Jersey, with over thirty rooms, nicknaming it the Ipsy-Wipsy Institute. It too became a gathering place for their literary friends, including many prominent science fiction writers. Among the guests were authors and editors such as John Ciardi, Basil Davenport, Bernard DeVoto, and Eugenie Clark. In addition to the Hydra Club members already mentioned, science fiction and fantasy writers such as L. Sprague de Camp, Theodore Sturgeon, Isaac Asimov, and Laurence Manning were guests in their home.
After Fletcher Pratt's death, Inga married the chemist and author John Drury Clark in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="30965442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965442" title="Martin Jůza">
Martin Jůza

Martin Jůza is a Czech player. Over the course of his career, Jůza has won the Czech national championship, made the top eight of a twice, and won four tournaments.
Career.
Jůza's Pro Tour career began in 2003 when he made his debut with a 194th place finish at Pro Tour New Orleans. He would go on to make one more Pro Tour appearance that season, a 163rd place finish at the . , he had two Pro Tour appearances again. He also had his first high level finish that season when he won the . Jůza put up similar results in and , playing two Pro Tours both years, making his country's national team in 2006, and qualifying for Worlds as the alternate in 2007. 
After his breakout season, Jůza very much adopted the Pro Tour lifestyle, playing fourteen of nineteen Grand Prix . He had a strong start to the season, earning 18 pro points by mid March. After a string of midfield finishes from March through July, Jůza made back to back Grand Prix finals, losing to Olivier Ruel in Brighton, and to Shingou Kurihara in Bangkok. At Pro Tour Austin, Jůza made his second Pro Tour top eight. Paired against Naoki Shimizu, he was once again defeated in the quarterfinal. To finish the season, Jůza made the top eight of Grand Prix Tampa Bay, and finished 41st at Worlds. With 64 pro points, Jůza finished third in the and gained the highest Pro Players Club Level, 8. 
, Jůza did not do so well on the Pro Tour. His best finish being a 30th place at Pro Tour San Diego, he earned only 17 pro points from his Pro Tour results. However, he made up for it on the Grand Prix circuit. Jůza played all but one of the Grand Prix, winning Grand Prix Portland and Bochum, and making the top eight of Grand Prix Nashville. Earning 37 points off tour, Jůza's 54 point total earned him fourth place in the and level 8 in the Pro Players Club again.
In , Jůza's Grand Prix dominance continued. Over the course of the year, he reached top eight of Grand Prix in , , , and . His win in Hiroshima made Jůza the first European to win a Grand Prix in Japan, and he joined Raphaël Lévy, Shuhei Nakamura, and Alex Shvartsman as the fourth player to have won Grand Prix in Europe, North America, and Asia. On the Pro Tour, he had unremarkable results in Paris and Philadelphia, finishing below 100th place both times, but finished just one win short of making the top eight at Pro Tour Nagoya.

</doc>
<doc id="30965466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965466" title="Interpellation">
Interpellation

Interpellation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30965468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965468" title="Horror Fire">
Horror Fire

Horror Fire is the fourth studio album by the Detroit-based heavy metal band Halloween. It was released on June 6, 2006.
Background.
"Horror Fire" was produced by new drummer Rob Brug. The album marks the return of original bassist George Neal. It is also notable as Halloween's first recording with Brug.
Sources.
Official Halloween website

</doc>
<doc id="30965471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965471" title="Dewmaine, Illinois">
Dewmaine, Illinois

Dewmaine was an unincorporated African-American community in Williamson County, Illinois, based around a coal mine. Today the area is almost completely non-residential and vacant land, though it now sits at the northern edge of Carterville. It was named in honor of Admiral Dewey and the USS Maine from the Spanish-American War.
A post office by the name Dewmaine opened up 6 March 1901 and discontinued operations on 31 July 1931. It is now served by the Carterville post office. Estimated population in 1958 was 50.

</doc>
<doc id="30965488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965488" title="Don O. Newland">
Don O. Newland

Don Oliver Newland (1896–1951) was an American film director and producer whose career consisted largely of itinerant work. From the 1920s until his death, he traveled to cities throughout the United States making films that employed local citizens as stars and extras. Using a standard script, Newland personalized each film according to its location – "Belvidere's Hero", "Staunton's Hero", "Janesville's Hero", "Huntingdon's Hero", "Tyrone's Hero", "Wilmington's Hero", and so on.
Newland was born June 8, 1896, in Battle Creek, Michigan, the son of Dr. J.S. Newland and the former Josephine Roche. He enlisted in the United States Army on Aug 28, 1918, in Chicago, Illinois and was assigned to 4th Company, Development Battalion No. 1. He spent less than five months in the military, being discharged at Camp Wadsworth, S.C., on Jan 9, 1919, as part of the country's general demobilization after World War I.
Film Work.
While records indicating precisely when Newland entered film production have not surfaced, newspaper publicity for his "Hero" films credited him with producing one-reelers with Mary Pickford, James Kirkwood, Flora Finch and John Bunny. Since Bunny died in 1915, Newland would have started in films while still a teenager. He also was credited with directing comedies for Mack Sennett.
In the early 1920s, Newland began the frenetic itinerant work that would take him all over the United States capturing communities and their citizens in two-reeler comedies that used the same simple, customizable plot. Operating as the Consolidated Film Producing Co. of Los Angeles, California, he was generally commissioned by local newspapers to produce the films, which always contained the role of a reporter and a prominent look at how the local newspaper was produced – although the papers often stressed that the project was not an advertising film. Contests were frequently held in each community to determine who the "leading lady" would be.
Filming usually took place in no more than three days, with Newland directing a cameraman and one or two crew members. A standard bit of action was to stage a head-on car crash on a city street using "trick photography;" two cars would be placed bumper to bumper and a smoke bomb released under the radiators. The cars would then be backed away from each other and the film, when developed and reversed, would appear to show a head-on collision.
Developing and editing took another couple of days, and within a week of Newland's arrival in town, the "Hero" film would be shown to the community at a local movie theater. When sound pictures became the standard after 1929, Newland adjusted to meet the technological advance.
It is believed that only one print of each of his films was made. Some have survived and enjoyed revivals in the communities in which they were shot.
Currently only three of these "Hero" films are known to exist. These films are "Janesville's Hero" (1926), "Huntingdon's Hero" (April 1934), and "Tyrone's Hero" (May 1934).
Personal life.
Newland never made a great deal of money with his itinerant film work and occasionally would give it up to pursue more mainstream employments. In a 2005 newspaper interview, his daughter, Hellen Newland, noted: "My father absolutely loved film-making. It was his passion and he threw himself into it with everything he had. He wasn’t much of a businessman – he really didn’t care anything about money –he just wanted to move about in his creative world."
In 1951, Newland traveled with his wife, Opal, and children to Tampa, Florida for the winter. On May 5, while driving in Tampa, he swerved to miss another car and crashed. Newland was rushed to the hospital with severe spinal cord injuries. Newland died May 7 and his body was removed to South Bend, Indiana, where relatives lived. He was buried there in Riverview Cemetery on May 11.

</doc>
<doc id="30965494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965494" title="Raghunathganj II (community development block)">
Raghunathganj II (community development block)

Raghunathganj II (community development block) is an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Raghunathganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Jangipur. There are three census towns in this block: Jot Kamal, Sahajadpur and Khodarampur.
Geography.
Jot Kamal, a census town in Raghunathganj II block, is located at 
Raghunathganj II community development block has an area of 99.77 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Raghunathganj II block/ panchayat samiti are: Barashimul Dayarampur, Giria, Jotekamal, Kashiadanga, Laxmijola, Mithipur, Sammatinagar, Sekendra, Sekhalipur and Teghari I.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Raghunathganj II block has a total population of 192,505, out of which 94,325 were males and 98,180 were females. Raghunathganj II block registered a population growth of 24.14 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Raghunathganj II block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="30965505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965505" title="San Francisco Green Film Festival">
San Francisco Green Film Festival

San Francisco Green Film Festival is an environmental film festival which was first held in March 2011.
Mission.
According to the festival's official website, the San Francisco Green Film Festival's mission is "to educate and connect communities through forward-thinking programs of environmental films and discussions." 
History.
The first festival in 2011 featured the Brazilian documentary film "Hauling" directed by Sean Walsh, and the film ' by Werner Herzog. Author Margaret Atwood appeared for a satellite Q&A after the screening of "In the Wake of the Flood", a new documentary by Ron Mann on Atwood's book tour for her novel "The Year of the Flood". French photographer Yann Arthus-Bertrand presented a screening of "Home". The German documentary ' had its U.S. premiere at the festival. The festival's 2011 Green Tenacity Award was awarded to Swedish director Fredrik Gertten for the film "Bananas!*".
The 2012 festival included the "The Island President" by Bay Area Filmmaker Jon Shenk, and British director Anthony Baxter’s "You've Been Trumped" in a double bill with the 1983 Bill Forsyth classic "Local Hero". Prizewinners included Baxter and "Blood in the Mobile" by Danish director Frank Piasecki Poulsen.
Films and guests at the 2013 festival included environmental activist Tim DeChristopher at "Bidder 70", Bay Area director Nancy Kelly at the Opening Night premiere of "Rebels with a Cause", director Ben Kalina at the West Coast Premiere of "Shored Up", Sundance winner "A River Changes Course" from director Kalyanee Mam, a spotlight of acclaimed German director Thomas Riedelsheimer (Rivers and Tides) including films "Breathing Earth" and "Garden in the Sea", and an outdoor screening of "Tiny - a story about living small" with a solar-powered projector in Annie Alley in downtown San Francisco. Swiss director Markus Imhoof received the Best Feature Award for his documentary "More Than Honey".
The 2014 Festival will take place from May 29 to June 4 at the Roxie Theater in San Francisco's Mission district.
Green Film Network.
The Festival is a member of the Green Film Network, an association of worldwide environmental film festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="30965527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965527" title="Logie Award for Most Outstanding Newcomer">
Logie Award for Most Outstanding Newcomer

The Silver Logie for Most Outstanding Newcomer, also known as the Graham Kennedy Award for Most Outstanding Newcomer, is an award presented annually at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards. It was created in honour of Graham Kennedy following his death in 2005. The award was first presented at the 48th Annual TV Week Logie Awards in 2006, when it was originally called Most Outstanding New Talent. It is given to honour an outstanding performance of a new talent on an Australian program. It may or may not be their first television appearance, however it is their first major television role. The winner and nominees of this award are chosen by television industry juries.

</doc>
<doc id="30965538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965538" title="Shadow of a Woman">
Shadow of a Woman

Shadow of a Woman is a 1946 American drama film noir directed by Joseph Santley. The drama features Helmut Dantine and Andrea King. The film is based on the novel "He Fell Down Dead" written by Virginia Perdue.
Plot.
Woman (Andrea King) on the verge of a breakdown marries a man (Helmut Dantine) she hardly knows, putting her in the path of fear and danger. She suspects her husband of plotting to kill his son from a previous marriage.
Reception.
Recently, film critic Dennis Schwartz panned the film, writing, "A failure in every possible way. Joseph Santley flatly directs this film noir adapted from Virginia Perdue's novel "He Fell Down Dead." The script by writers C. Graham Baker and Whitman Chambers was lacking credibility. The acting was hammy and unconvincing. The film offered hardly any entertainment value and the irrelevant story was more of a turn off than anything else. On top of all that, there were serious gaffes in the plotline that filled the story with holes the size of craters. This postwar B-film melodrama reunites "Hotel Berlin" co-stars Helmut Dantine and Andrea King. "Shadow of a Woman" might be remembered by film buffs only because it played in an early restaurant scene "How Little We Know", the Hoagy Carmichael song that Lauren Bacall sang in "To Have and Have Not.""
"TV Guide" wrote about the screenplay, writing, "A slightly unrealistic story line hinders this drama that deals with a bride's terror."

</doc>
<doc id="30965550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965550" title="New Hampshire–Dartmouth rivalry">
New Hampshire–Dartmouth rivalry

The New Hampshire–Dartmouth rivalry is an intrastate college sports rivalry between the New Hampshire Wildcats and Dartmouth Big Green. The rivalry is best known for the football and ice hockey games between the two schools. The schools' football teams compete for the Granite Bowl trophy and the men's ice hockey teams compete for the RiverStone Cup. The two schools also meet in other sports, including field hockey and basketball.
Football.
The two teams first met in 1901 and have played regularly since then. The longest gap between games was 22 years, between 1934 and 1956. Dartmouth was initially dominant, winning 17 of the first 18 games. Since 1976, however, UNH has won or tied every game. Dartmouth was dominant in the early years of the rivalry. Since 2001 UNH has dominated the series, scoring at least 42 points and winning by at least 21 points six games in a row. Before the 2009 game, the series was even at 17-17-2. UNH won it 44-14, and the next game between the two teams is scheduled for 2014.
Ice hockey.
The New Hampshire Wildcats men's ice hockey and the Dartmouth Big Green men's ice hockey teams play each other once a year. They are the only Division I college hockey teams in New Hampshire. The two teams recruit from some of the same New England junior hockey teams. The game is held at the neutral Verizon Wireless Arena. Though the event is located in Manchester, part of the way between UNH's campus in Durham and Dartmouth's campus in Hanover, the crowd is typically dominated by UNH fans. UNH leads the series 6-3-1 after Dartmouth won the "Battle for the RiverStone Cup X". The event is sponsored by insurance company RiverStone Resources of Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="30965552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965552" title="Ella T. Grasso Southeastern Technical High School">
Ella T. Grasso Southeastern Technical High School

Ella T. Grasso Southeastern Technical High School, or Grasso Tech, is a technical high school located in Groton, Connecticut. It is in the Connecticut Technical High School System. It receives students from many nearby towns.
The school is named after Ella T. Grasso, the first woman elected governor of Connecticut.
Technologies.
In addition to a complete Academic Program leading to a High School Diploma, students attending Grasso Tech receive training in one of the following trades and technologies:

</doc>
<doc id="30965555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965555" title="No. 9, Illinois">
No. 9, Illinois

No. 9 is a predominantly African-American unincorporated community located in Williamson County, Illinois on the west side of the incorporated village of Colp. Historically, Colp was mostly white and No. 9 black. Its most famous establishment was Ma Hatchett's, operated by Johanna "Ma" Hatchett (1892–1961), a roadhouse and brothel that opened during Prohibition Era at least as early as 1927 and operated until closed following a raid by the Illinois State Police in 1957.
It is named for the local coal mine that open in 1905 and was bought by Madison Coal Company in 1906. The latter company named it their "No. 9" mine.

</doc>
<doc id="30965557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965557" title="Ricardo Arregui">
Ricardo Arregui

Ricardo Arregui Calvo (born 19 September 1952) is a neurosurgeon doctor, frostbite specialist and former president of CAI Balonmano Aragón and Asobal Handball League.
Career.
After studying Medicine at the University of Zaragoza, Arregui researched "Mountain Medicine" at the Frostbite Unit at Hospital Clínico Universitario "Lozano Blesa", and later 2000 in Clinica MAZ.
He became the official doctor of the "Al filo de lo imposible" TV documentary series for which went on expeditions to Mount Everest (year 1992) and the North Pole (year 2000). After the Mount Everest expedition, Arregui wrote a scientific and personal journal: ""El quirófano del hielo: del bisturí al Everest"".
Spanish mountaineers Edurne Pasaban, Juanito Oiarzabal and Alberto Iñurrategi have been treated by Arregui, as have Ecuadorian, Ivan Vallejo, and Juanjo San Sebastian who lost fingers and toes through frostbite.
Besides his medical career, Arregui was from 2003 to 2008 president of CAI Balonmano Aragón handball team that played for the EHF Cup and the Asobal League. He also was president of Asobal League (2006-2007).

</doc>
<doc id="30965571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965571" title="E.vil P.ieces">
E.vil P.ieces

E.vil P.ieces is a companion EP by Detroit heavy metal band Halloween (metal band) released on June 6, 2006 (6/6/06). It marks the return of guitarist Billy Gray who played on the Vicious Demos cassette in 1989-1990.

</doc>
<doc id="30965580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965580" title="Suti II (community development block)">
Suti II (community development block)

Suti II (community development block) is an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Suti police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Dafahat. There are four census towns in this block: Aurangabad, Paschim Punropara, Dafahat and Jagtaj.
Geography.
Aurangabad, a census town in Suti II block, is located at 
Suti II community development block has an area of 94.86 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Suti II block/ panchayat samiti are: Aurangabad I, Aurangabad II, Bajitpur, Jagtai I, Jagtai II, Kashimnagar, Laxmipur, Mahesail I, Mahesail II and Umrapur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Suti II block has a total population of 213,069, out of which 107,506 were males and 105,563 were females. Suti II block registered a population growth of 35.05 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Transport.
NH 34 passes through Suti II block.
Healthcare.
Suti II block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="30965581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965581" title="St. John the Baptist Church (New Bedford, Massachusetts)">
St. John the Baptist Church (New Bedford, Massachusetts)

St. John the Baptist is a Roman Catholic church in New Bedford, Massachusetts, part of the Diocese of Fall River.
History.
St. John the Baptist parish was founded in 1871 and is the oldest Portuguese parish in America and the 2nd oldest Catholic parish in New Bedford. The Parish was closed November 2012.
Building.
The first church, dedicated in 1875, was later destroyed by fire. The present Romanesque style church with Byzantine elements was built in 1913 to the designs of Boston architect Matthew Sullivan.

</doc>
<doc id="30965584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965584" title="Sweet Love, Bitter">
Sweet Love, Bitter

Sweet Love, Bitter is a soundtrack album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1967 for the film of the same name written by Lewis Jacobs and directed by Herbert Danska and released on the Impulse! label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars stating "the music by Waldron is brilliant. Known for his lyrical yet often dark compositions, Waldron's work on this session will surprise some of his biggest fans". 

</doc>
<doc id="30965597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965597" title="Clifford, Illinois">
Clifford, Illinois

Clifford is a former unincorporated community in northwestern Williamson County, Illinois. It is a former early 20th Century mining settlement that has all but disappeared since the closing of local mines.
A post office was established in 26 January 1905, until it ceased operating after 1931.
The population in 1958 was listed as 300.

</doc>
<doc id="30965640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965640" title="2009–10 North West Counties Football League">
2009–10 North West Counties Football League

The 2009–10 North West Counties Football League season (known as the 2009–10 Vodkat League for sponsorship reasons) was the 28th in the history of the North West Counties Football League, a football competition in England. Teams were divided into two divisions; the Premier and the First.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured two new teams:
Division One.
Division One featured one new team:

</doc>
<doc id="30965641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965641" title="Chamness, Illinois">
Chamness, Illinois

Chamness is a former unincorporated community in Williamson County, Illinois that disappeared with the establishment of the Ordill in the late 1930s and takeover by the Department of War in 1941 following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. The site of the community is now located within the Crab Orchard National Wildlife Refuge southwest of Marion.
The community was established 24 January 1889 and discontinued 30 April 1902. The name came from the first two postmasters, Marshall E. and Albert E. Chamness.

</doc>
<doc id="30965666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965666" title="St. Patrick's Institution">
St. Patrick's Institution

St. Patrick's Institution, North Circular Road, Dublin 7, is an Irish penal facility for 17- to 21-year-old males. It has a capacity of 217 beds and had an average inmate population of 221 in 2009. It is a closed, medium security prison.
History.
It was opened in 1956 when inmates from the borstal located in Clonmel, County Tipperary were transferred there. Prior to this the facility had functioned as the female section of Mountjoy Prison from its opening in 1850. Although situated within the Mountjoy Prison Complex, it is administered as a completely separate facility. An education unit was built in the last 20 years. In 2002 a new unit to cater for boys aged between fourteen and sixteen years was built but up until 2004 this had not been used.
Abuse.
A report on St. Patrick's Institution released on 16 October 2012 found a culture of human rights abuse.
Closure.
It was announced on 1 July 2013 that St. Patrick's Institution is to close.

</doc>
<doc id="30965669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965669" title="Blairsville Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Blairsville Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Blairsville Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 8 South, Range 1 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the village of Blairsville, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965691" title="Liturgical east and west">
Liturgical east and west

Liturgical east and west refers to the idea that the end of a church which has the altar, for symbolic religious reasons, is traditionally on the east side of the church (to the right in a diagram). However, frequently the building cannot be built to match liturgical direction. In parish churches, liturgical directions often do not coincide with geography; even in cathedrals, liturgical and geographic directions can be in almost precise opposition (for example, at St. Mark's Episcopal Cathedral, Seattle, liturgical east is nearly due west).

</doc>
<doc id="30965698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965698" title="Carterville Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Carterville Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Carterville Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 9 South, Range 1 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the community of Carterville, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965706" title="West Marion Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
West Marion Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

West Marion Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 9 South, Range 2 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the community of Marion, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965714" title="East Marion Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
East Marion Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

East Marion Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 9 South, Range 3 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the community of Marion, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965717" title="Four-Eyed Prince">
Four-Eyed Prince

Reception.
""Four-Eyed Prince" has the depth of a reader letter to Cosmo, but if that sounds like icing on the bespectacled cake, then this is going to be a sweet enough dessert for the younger female crowd." — Joseph Luster, "Otaku USA"
"For a first manga romance, perhaps for a young teen reader graduating up to love stories, I think this is a fine choice." — Johanna Draper Carlson, "Manga Worth Reading".
"If you have a glasses fetish, there's plenty of eye-candy here for you in the body of the manga and also in the Four Eyed Café Special Report in the extras." — Sakura Eries, "Mania".
"It’s an ultra light and fluffy fun volume of Four-Eyed Prince." — Rachel Bentham, "activeAnime".

</doc>
<doc id="30965719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965719" title="Anthony Blue">
Anthony Blue

Anthony Blue is a former Canadian Football League defensive back.
Graduating from UNLV, Blue played 14 games with the Las Vegas Posse in 1994, making 23 tackles and returning 1 punt.

</doc>
<doc id="30965722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965722" title="Crab Orchard Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Crab Orchard Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Crab Orchard Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 9 South, Range 4 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the community of Crab Orchard, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965725" title="Ion semiconductor sequencing">
Ion semiconductor sequencing

Ion semiconductor sequencing is a method of DNA sequencing based on the detection of hydrogen ions that are released during the polymerization of DNA. This is a method of "sequencing by synthesis", during which a complementary strand is built based on the sequence of a template strand.
A microwell containing a template DNA strand to be sequenced is flooded with a single species of deoxyribonucleotide triphosphate (dNTP). If the introduced dNTP is complementary to the leading template nucleotide, it is incorporated into the growing complementary strand. This causes the release of a hydrogen ion that triggers an ISFET ion sensor, which indicates that a reaction has occurred. If homopolymer repeats are present in the template sequence, multiple dNTP molecules will be incorporated in a single cycle. This leads to a corresponding number of released hydrogens and a proportionally higher electronic signal.
This technology differs from other sequencing technologies in that no modified nucleotides or optics are used. Ion semiconductor sequencing may also be referred to as Ion Torrent sequencing, pH-mediated sequencing, silicon sequencing, or semiconductor sequencing.
Technology development history.
The technology was licensed from DNA Electronics Ltd, developed by Ion Torrent Systems Inc. and was released in February 2010. Ion Torrent have marketed their machine as a rapid, compact and economical sequencer that can be utilized in a large number of laboratories as a bench top machine. Roche's 454 Life Sciences is partnering with DNA Electronics on the development of a long-read, high-density semiconductor sequencing platform using this technology.
Technology.
Sequencing chemistry.
In nature, the incorporation of a deoxyribonucleotide triphosphate (dNTP) into a growing DNA strand involves the formation of a covalent bond and the release of pyrophosphate and a positively charged hydrogen ion. A dNTP will only be incorporated if it is complementary to the leading unpaired template nucleotide. Ion semiconductor sequencing exploits these facts by determining if a hydrogen ion is released upon providing a single species of dNTP to the reaction.
Microwells on a semiconductor chip that each contain many copies of one single-stranded template DNA molecule to be sequenced and DNA polymerase are sequentially flooded with unmodified A, C, G or T dNTP. If an introduced dNTP is complementary to the next unpaired nucleotide on the template strand it is incorporated into the growing complementary strand by the DNA polymerase. If the introduced dNTP is not complementary there is no incorporation and no biochemical reaction. The hydrogen ion that is released in the reaction changes the pH of the solution, which is detected by an ISFET. The unattached dNTP molecules are washed out before the next cycle when a different dNTP species is introduced.
Signal detection.
Beneath the layer of microwells is an ion sensitive layer, below which is an ISFET ion sensor. All layers are contained within a CMOS semiconductor chip, similar to that used in the electronics industry.
Each chip contains an array of microwells with corresponding ISFET detectors.
Each released hydrogen ion then triggers the ISFET ion sensor. The series of electrical pulses transmitted from the chip to a computer is translated into a DNA sequence, with no intermediate signal conversion required. Because nucleotide incorporation events are measured directly by electronics, the use of labeled nucleotides and optical measurements are avoided. Signal processing and DNA assembly can then be carried out in software.
Sequencing characteristics.
The per base accuracy achieved in house by Ion Torrent on the Ion Torrent Ion semiconductor sequencer as of February 2011 was 99.6% based on 50 base reads, with 100 Mb per run. The read-length as of February 2011 was 100 base pairs. The accuracy for homopolymer repeats of 5 repeats in length was 98%. It should be noted that these figures have not yet been independently verified outside of the company.
Strengths.
The major benefits of ion semiconductor sequencing are rapid sequencing speed and low upfront and operating costs. This has been enabled by the avoidance of modified nucleotides and optical measurements.
Because the system records natural polymerase-mediated nucleotide incorporation events, sequencing can occur in real-time. In reality, the sequencing rate is limited by the cycling of substrate nucleotides through the system. Ion Torrent Systems Inc., the developer of the technology, claims that each incorporation measurement takes 4 seconds and each run takes about one hour, during which 100-200 nucleotides are sequenced. If the semiconductor chips are improved (as predicted by Moore’s law), the number of reads per chip (and therefore per run) should increase.
The cost of acquiring a pH-mediated sequencer from Ion Torrent Systems Inc. at time of launch was priced at around $50,000 USD, excluding sample preparation equipment and a server for data analysis. The cost per run is also significantly lower than that of alternative automated sequencing methods, at roughly $1,000.
Limitations.
If homopolymer repeats of the same nucleotide (e.g. GGGGG) are present on the template strand (strand to be sequenced) then multiple introduced nucleotides are incorporated and more hydrogen ions are released in a single cycle. This results in a greater pH change and a proportionally greater electronic signal. This is a limitation of the system in that it is difficult to enumerate long repeats. This limitation is shared by other techniques that detect single nucleotide additions such as pyrosequencing. Signals generated from a high repeat number are difficult to differentiate from repeats of a similar but different number; "e.g.", homorepeats of length 7 are difficult to differentiate from those of length 8.
Another limitation of this system is the short read length compared to other sequencing methods such as Sanger sequencing or pyrosequencing. Longer read lengths are beneficial for "de novo" genome assembly. The read length achieved by Ion Torrent semiconductor sequencing is currently 400 base pairs per run. The throughput is currently lower than that of other high-throughput sequencing technologies, although the developers hope to change this by increasing the density of the chip.
Application.
The developers of Ion Torrent semiconductor sequencing have marketed it as a rapid, compact and economical sequencer that can be utilized in a large number of laboratories as a bench top machine. The company hopes that their system will take sequencing outside of specialized centers and into the reach of hospitals and smaller laboratories. A January 2011 New York Times article, "Taking DNA Sequencing to the Masses", underlines these ambitions.
Due to the ability of alternative sequencing methods to achieve a greater read length (and therefore being more suited to whole genome analysis) this technology may be best suited to small scale applications such as microbial genome sequencing, microbial transcriptome sequencing, targeted sequencing, amplicon sequencing, or for quality testing of sequencing libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="30965729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965729" title="Cork Prison">
Cork Prison

Cork Prison is an Irish penal institution on Rathmore Road, Cork City, County Cork. It is a closed, medium security prison for males over 17 years of age. It has a bed capacity of 272 and in 2009 it had a daily average inmate population of 298, It is close to Collins Barracks and The Glen area of the city.
History.
In 1806 a military barracks, with a prison attached, was opened by the British government on Rathmore Road, Cork City. Following independence in 1922 the control of this institution was taken over by the Irish Government and renamed Collins Army Barracks and prison (not to be confused with Collins Barracks in Arbour Hill, Dublin 7). 
The prison remained in the possession of the Irish Army until 1972 when the prison buildings were handed over to the Department of Justice who returned the facility to use as a civil prison. The barracks remain in the control of the Irish Army. 
The prison facility opened as a committal prison after considerable refurbishment in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="30965732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965732" title="Creal Springs Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Creal Springs Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Creal Springs Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 10 South, Range 3 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the community of Creal Springs, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965741" title="Corinth Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Corinth Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Corinth Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 8 South, Range 4 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the historical community of Corinth, Illinois. It was first known as Northern Precinct.

</doc>
<doc id="30965763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965763" title="Southern Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Southern Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Southern Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 10 South, Range 2 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. Its name is generic as there have never been any large communities or trade centers within it, though it is home to Pulley's Mill. The most well-known institution that lies within the precinct is the United States Penitentiary, Marion, which lies in the north-central part of the precinct. The Lake of Egypt Dam is also located in the Precinct, as is the northwestern part of the lake itself. The 2010 census reported a population of 3,273 inhabitants in Southern Precinct. The nearest city is Marion, Illinois, not far to its north-northeast.

</doc>
<doc id="30965769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965769" title="Stonefort Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Stonefort Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Stonefort Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 10 South, Range 4 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the community of Stonefort, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965781" title="Grassy Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Grassy Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Grassy Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 10 South, Range 1 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for Grassy Creek, which has since been used to create Little Grassy Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="30965782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965782" title="The Living Corpse (Odoevsky)">
The Living Corpse (Odoevsky)

The Living Corpse () is a Gothic novel written by Vladimir Odoevsky written in 1838 and published in 1844.
Written in the first person, it is the story of Vasilii Kuz'mich Aristidov, who wakes up one morning to find himself a ghost. A work of social satire, it reads on a number of levels, and can be considered a vehicle for Odoevsky's own philosophical ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="30965786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965786" title="Vulnerability index (disambiguation)">
Vulnerability index (disambiguation)

Vulnerability index, vulnerability indexes or vulnerability indices may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30965794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965794" title="Hauling (film)">
Hauling (film)

Hauling is a 2010 documentary film on poor families who work as recyclers in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Plot.
The recycling underworld of Sao Paulo, Brazil is the background to this documentary centering on Claudieni, father to 27 children. In his green VW bus, he visits the Santa Efigenia neighborhood of Sao Paulo to recycle plastic, cardboard, and computers and other electronic equipment. He and his family represent the lower class of people who are discriminated against by other strata of society.
The film will have its U.S. West Coast premiere at the San Francisco Green Film Festival in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30965797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965797" title="Johal (disambiguation)">
Johal (disambiguation)

Johal is a Jatt family clan originally from modern Pakistan and North India.
Johal may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30965799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965799" title="The Living Corpse (disambiguation)">
The Living Corpse (disambiguation)

The Living Corpse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30965802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965802" title="HC Red Ice">
HC Red Ice

History.
HC Red Ice Martigny-Verbier-Entremont is a Swiss ice hockey club, founded in 2008 and issued from the fusion of HC Martigny and HC Verbier Val-de-Bagnes. First team of the HC Red Ice is a member of the Swiss national League B.
After only three years, HC Red Ice has been three times involved in the regional final (Western Switzerland) and won two of them (in 2010 and 2011). During last season 2010–2011, HC Red Ice won absolutely all of the 22 matches of the regular championship (i.e. before the play-offs phase).

</doc>
<doc id="30965812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965812" title="Sentimiento">
Sentimiento

Sentimiento or Sentimientos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30965814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965814" title="Herrin Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Herrin Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Herrin Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 8 South, Range 2 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for the community of Herrin, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30965834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965834" title="Limerick Prison">
Limerick Prison

Limerick Prison, Mulgrave Street, Limerick is an Irish penal institution. It is a closed, medium security prison, It has an official capacity of 290 male beds and 20 female beds. The average daily number of male inmates resident in the prison in 2009 was 298 and the daily average number of female inmates resident in the facility was 22 in the same year.
History.
Although built between 1815 and 1821 much of this facility has undergone extensive renovation of late. Many but not all of the old wings have been knocked down and replaced with new units provided with modern sanitation facilities. The original female section of the prison is generally not used except in cases of severe overcrowding, as a new modern female unit has been constructed.
In 2012, the Inspector of Prisons described parts of Limerick Prison as dirty, unhygienic, and severely overcrowded.

</doc>
<doc id="30965837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965837" title="Lake Creek Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois">
Lake Creek Precinct, Williamson County, Illinois

Lake Creek Precinct, formerly township, is Congressional Township 8 South, Range 3 East of the Third Principal Meridian located in Williamson County, Illinois. It is named for Lake Creek. The largest community within the precinct is Johnston City, Illinois.
Incorporated communities located at least partially in the precinct today are Johnston City, Whiteash and Pittsburg. It is also home to the former country store and post office at Halfway, Illinois

</doc>
<doc id="30965857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965857" title="Czech Republic–Republic of Macedonia relations">
Czech Republic–Republic of Macedonia relations

Czech-Macedonian relations refers to the bilateral political relations between the Czech Republic and the Republic of Macedonia. Republic of Macedonia has an embassy in Prague, whilst the Czech Republic has a consular agency in Skopje.
Bilateral relations are excellent and besides the fact that Macedonia became an independent country only in 1991, Czech-Macedonian relations have a long tradition.
Historical relations.
Before 1991, much of the relations occurred in the context between Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia.
Between the two world wars, from 1924 to 1938, the Czechoslovak Republic had a consulate in Skopje, which in that period was (as was the whole of today's Republic of Macedonia) a part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
The Czechoslovak consul in Skopje in 1928, Vladimír Znojemský, underlined in his reports the existence of a Macedonian nation in Macedonia, which is "different from what the others are, whose people speak a different language and feel different".
In the period between 1918 and World War II Czechoslovakia supported the several Macedonian initiatives on recognition of the Macedonian nation. At that time, the Macedonian nation was not recognized by the authorities of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Instead, the Macedonians were regarded as (Southern) Serbs.
In 1968, when the Warsaw Pact invaded Czechoslovakia, the Socialist Republic of Macedonia (at that time a republic within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia) supported Czechoslovakia. A lot of manifestations were held throughout Macedonia in order to support Czechoslovakia and to protest against what was happening.
Relations today.
The Czech Republic offers continuous support to the Republic of Macedonia considering the country's accession to the European Union and NATO, which is among the top strategic priorities of Macedonia.
The cooperation in the field of economy between Macedonia and the Czech Republic is good and improving. The level of trade exchange between the two countries shows a positive trend. Many companies from the Czech Republic have so far invested in Macedonia.
Other spheres of good cooperation between the two states are tourism and education.
The Czech Republic is also a country that recognizes Macedonia under its constitutional name "Republic of Macedonia" and supports it in the name row with Greece. The Czech Republic therefore is one of 131 states in total, which have also recognized Macedonia by its constitutional name.
Diplomatic representations.
The embassy of the Czech Republic in Macedonia was opened in September 2006 and is located in Skopje. The Macedonian embassy in Czechia, which was opened in January 2008, is in the capital Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="30965858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965858" title="Edwin Godsall">
Edwin Godsall

Edwin John Godsall (1871-1941) was a politician and mayor of the City of Toowoomba, Queensland. Born in Toowoomba on 30 September 1871, he was educated at the Toowoomba South State School and Toowoomba Grammar School before going into banking. Later, he managed a stock and station agency before being elected to the City Council of Toowoomba in 1904 and then, from 1906 to 1907, served as mayor of Toowoomba. He died in May 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="30965860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965860" title="Fiestas of International Tourist Interest of Spain">
Fiestas of International Tourist Interest of Spain

The declaration of Fiestas of International Tourist Interest is an honorary distinction of being given in Spain by the General Secretariat of Tourism of the Ministry of Industry, Tourism and Trade of the Government of Spain, granted to the fiestas or events involving manifestations of cultural and popular tradition, with particular regard to their ethnic characteristics and that have special importance as tourist attraction.
This honorary title hold 30 fiestas in Spain.
The requirements, among others, are:
Source: http://www.boe.es/aeboe/consultas/bases_datos/doc.php?id=BOE-A-2006-10081

</doc>
<doc id="30965869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965869" title="Allie Strobel">
Allie Strobel

Albert Irving Strobel (June 11, 1884 – February 10, 1955) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Beaneaters.

</doc>
<doc id="30965870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965870" title="Artur Bahr">
Artur Bahr

Artur Bahr (14 November 1920 – 27 November 1944) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht (the German Armed Forces) during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Artur Bahr was badly wounded on 25 November 1944 and died 27 November 1944 in a field hospital in Eglieni, Latvia. He was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross on 3 December 1944 and was later promoted to Hauptmann.

</doc>
<doc id="30965887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965887" title="Visistacaritra">
Visistacaritra

Viśiṣṭacāritra or Bodhisattva Superior Practices (Skt: विशिष्तचारित्र; Chinese: 上行; pinyin: "shàng xíng"; Japanese: "Jōgyō"), is a bodhisattva mentioned in the 15th, 21st, and 22nd chapters of the Lotus Sutra. He is one of the four great perfected bodhisattvas who attends Shakyamuni Buddha and protects the Lotus Sutra and its devotees. The other three are Unlimited Practices, Pure Practices, and Firm Practices; together they make up the four great primarily evolved bodhisattvas. Visistacaritra is also believed to represent the "true self" characteristic of Buddhahood, which is the selflessness of Nirvana.
In Nichiren Buddhism.
In most Nichiren Buddhist schools, Nichiren is considered to be the reincarnation of Viśiṣṭacāritra because he is believed to have fulfilled the role of that Bodhisattva Superior Practices during his lifetime. This is because he revealed what he held to be the Superior Practice of chanting the title ("daimoku") of the Lotus Sutra, or "Nam(u)-myoho-renge-kyo", which would quickly allow all beings to attain enlightenment in their present lifetime, no matter what their capacities.
In Nichiren Shoshu.
In Nichiren Shoshu Nichiren is revered as 'The Buddha of True Cause' because, they believe, he revealed the 'cause' of Buddhahood: chanting "Nam-myoho-renge-kyo". Whereas Shakyamuni is seen as 'The Buddha of True Effect' as he only revealed the 'effect' of Buddhahood. This is based on the passage in Chapter 16 of the Lotus Sutra that reads:
"Originally I Buddha practiced the bodhisattva way, and the life that I acquired then has yet to come to an end"
Nichiren Shoshu, and also Soka Gakkai, interpret the passage to mean that Shakyamuni must have practiced something to attain Buddhahood, but in the Lotus Sutra he did not reveal what that practice was. Whereas Nichiren taught the daimoku, Nam(u)-myoho-renge-kyo, which leads all beings to Buddhahood. Soka Gakkai and Nichiren Shoshu conclude that it was because of the daimoku that Shakyamuni attained Buddhahood in the remote past.
In Nichiren Shu and Kempon Hokke.
In Nichiren Shu and Kempon Hokke, Nichiren is revered as Bodhisattva Superior Practices, as they believe he fulfilled the prediction in the Lotus Sutra: that of revealing the sutra's essence, "Namu-myoho-renge-kyo". This is based on what Nichiren wrote in his 'The Object of Devotion for Observing the Mind' all schools regard as one of his Major Writings:

</doc>
<doc id="30965920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965920" title="Sherab Gatsel Lobling School">
Sherab Gatsel Lobling School

The Sherab Gatsel Lobling School, formerly known as "Tibetan Transit School" (T.T.S.), is located in Dharamshala in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
History.
Formerly known as "Tibetan Transit School", the Sherab Gatsel Lobling School was established on March 7, 1993, to provide education of new arrived young Tibetan people aged between 18 and 30 into the North Indian exile. Incepted on April 1, 1993, the school is administered by the Tibetan Reception Centre, which handed over the charge to the department of education in February 2002. The school has offered education to over 6,400 students since its inception.
School organisation.
Around more than 400 students get a five-year education with courses in Tibetan and English languages, computer courses, vocational courses in tailoring and painting by about 50 teachers and staff members.
The school comprises dormitories for boys and girls, and a teaching building and houses for the teachers. Usually these young adults may not been integrated into the Indian public school system. Living too far away from public schools, Tibetans who grow up in the rural areas of Tibet often have no possibility to attend a basic scholar education. About 60 percent of these students go after their training back to Tibet. 
Selected T.T.S students are educated for a further two years in English, computer skills and Chinese in supporting projects, among them the Kunpan Cultural School provided by the ES Tibet foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="30965953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965953" title="Tell Ghoraifé">
Tell Ghoraifé

Tell Ghoraifé () is a prehistoric, Neolithic tell, about east of Damascus, Syria. The tell was the site of a small village of , which was first settled in the early eighth millennium BC.
A small, excavation was made on the tell by Henri de Contenson in 1974. The excavations revealed about of deposit on the site consisting of layers of mud, ashes and burned earth. The deposit at the site was phased into two levels owing to typological differences in the artifacts, but the site shows a continuous occupation through both phases.
Materials discovered, particularly the stylistic traits of the lithic tools, show similarities with Southern Levantine Pre-Pottery Neolithic A and Pre-Pottery Neolithic B sites. Tell Ghoraifé is closely related other Neolithic sites in the Damascus basin, like Tell Aswad and Tell Ramad. Despite the similarities these sites share with Euphrates valley sites such as building materials, pre-pottery White Ware and burial rites, they represent a separate, distinct group from the Euphrates valley.
Tell Ghoraifé is an important site to our understanding of the origin of agriculture. It is an example of a site with a long sequence over a millennium where the study of the evolution from wild to domesticated barley has taken place. Finds also included early domesticated wheat. The mammal fauna at Tell Ghoraifé shows a distinct change from level I to II. While both sheep and goats are found in both levels, their ratio in level II is a reversal of the 1 to 3 sheep-to-goat ratio found at level I.

</doc>
<doc id="30965956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965956" title="Enter The Dragon 2010">
Enter The Dragon 2010


</doc>
<doc id="30965960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965960" title="Gene Kunes">
Gene Kunes

Eugene Laverne Kunes (1909 – May 17, 1965) was an American professional golfer.
Kunes was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. He made his living as a club professional while occasionally playing on the early PGA Tour. He did win three times on Tour, including the 1935 Canadian Open.
Professional wins.
Other wins.
"this list may be incomplete"
Results in major championships.
"Note: Kunes never played in The Open Championship."<br>
NYF = Tournament not yet founded<br>
NT = No tournament<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = withdrew<br>
R64, R32, R16, QF, SF, F = Round in which player lost in PGA Championship match play<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Yellow background for top-10

</doc>
<doc id="30965987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965987" title="Rudolf Stahlecker">
Rudolf Stahlecker

Rudolf Stahlecker (25 November 1898 in Sternenfels near Pforzheim - 26 October 1977 Urach) was a German geologist and biology teacher.
Biography.
He studied with the German paleontologist Friedrich von Huene at the University of Tübingen, Germany. He participated in expeditions to collect fossils in the geopark of Paleorrota in 1928 and 1929. He also made several collections of fossils in Argentina.
In his honor, the dicynodonts Stahleckeria potens, received its name. This dicynodonts was collected in Paleontological Site Chiniquá, São Pedro do Sul.
After finishing his doctorate, Stahlecker did not become a scientist, but a biology teacher at a school Stuttgart. "The "Führer" wants to teach people to think again biologically, we scientists have to be here its first collaborators," was his motto. After The War he had to pause for some years during denazification, although he had not as intensively be involved in National Socialism as his brother, the SS Brigade Leader and Commander of the "Einsatzgruppe A" Walter Stahlecker.

</doc>
<doc id="30966016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966016" title="André Beronneau">
André Beronneau

André Beronneau (1886–1973) was a French painter active during the first half of the 20th century. He is famous for his sumptuous French landscapes of southern Brittany and Provence. He exhibited his works at the Salon des Indépendants in Paris between 1926 and 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="30966020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966020" title="Jack Schulte">
Jack Schulte

John Herman Frank Schulte (November 15, 1881 – August 17, 1975) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Beaneaters in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="30966044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966044" title="Terry Gordy Memorial Show">
Terry Gordy Memorial Show

The Terry Gordy Memorial Show was a professional wrestling memorial event produced by the Legends of Pro Wrestling (LPW) promotion, which took place on August 11, 2001 at the Boutwell Auditorium in Birmingham, Alabama. The event was held in honor of Terry "Bam Bam" Gordy who had died of a heart attack at his home outside Chattanooga, Tennessee the previous month. Promoter Linda Marx Keebles promised that 20% of the proceeds would be donated to Gordy's family to help cover funeral costs and guaranteed at least a $1,000 donation. Nine professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card, with two including championships.
The main event was a standard wrestling match between Gordy's Fabulous Freebirds teammate P.S. Michael Hayes and Ray Gordy, and the challengers, "Dirty White Boy" Tony Anthony and "Nightmare" Ken Wayne, both among the top "heels" in the Continental Championship Wrestling during the 1980s. Ray Gordy had originally been scheduled to wrestle with his father and Hayes, who had been in retirement since 1995, offered to fill in after Terry's death. Another featured match was "Wildfire" Tommy Rich versus "Nature Boy" Buddy Landel, which Rich won. Robert Gibson defeated "Beautiful" Bobby Eaton, and Jimmy Golden defeated The Honky Tonk Man, with outside interference from Robert Fuller and Robert Gibson, to win the LPW United States Championship. In a 6-man "Southern Street Fight", Robert Fuller, Jimmy Golden and Jerry Stubbs defeated "Bullet" Bob Armstrong, Scott Armstrong and Chad Fuller. Chad Fuller was accompanied to the ring by his father Ron Fuller, who was unable to compete due to a shoulder injury, both father and son later turned on the Armstrong's and costing them the match.
The event featured many wrestlers with whom he worked with throughout his career, mostly from the National Wrestling Alliance, as well as from the World Wrestling Federation and local independent wrestlers. Also during the event, Mr. Wrestling II gave an in-ring interview with his memories of Gordy and Triple H, who was in Birmingham undergoing rehabilitation with Dr. James Andrews for a knee injury, made a surprise appearance at the end of the main event. The show, and the backstage goings-on, was later covered by the Pro Wrestling Torch Newsletter.

</doc>
<doc id="30966053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966053" title="The Who Tour 1966">
The Who Tour 1966

The Who Tour 1966 was a series of performances and tours by The Who, supporting releases such as "My Generation" (album and single), "Substitute", "I'm a Boy", and "A Quick One".
History.
The band played nearly non-stop in 1966, mostly shows in the United Kingdom with several short trips to European countries like Sweden and Germany mixed in. Performances during the early part of the year included material from the "My Generation" album (released in late 1965) and numerous cover songs; March saw the release of "Substitute", which would become one of the most performed songs in the Who canon, and "I'm a Boy" (released in August) would also remain in their act for several years. Later 1966 shows would feature material from the "A Quick One" album, as well as the single "Happy Jack".
Instrument destruction at the conclusion of "My Generation" remained an integral part of the group's stage show and would well into 1968. Meanwhile, the band suffered through some inner turmoil, with both Roger Daltrey and Keith Moon briefly quitting at different times during the month of May.
Highlights of 1966 included the May NME Poll Winners' Concert, where the band played "Substitute" and "My Generation". Their last performance of the year was a New Year's Eve show entitled "Psychedelicamania" at The Roundhouse in London, sharing the bill with The Move and Pink Floyd.
Typical set lists.
January–May: UK and France.
Aside from three days in France, the first half of the year was spent performing entirely in the United Kingdom. Staples in the act included "My Generation", "Heat Wave", and "Dancing in the Street", while "Substitute", "Barbara Ann" (sung by Keith Moon and based on the Beach Boys version), and the Everly Brothers' "A Man With Money" were also regularly featured in band's shows, along with versions of "Daddy Rolling Stone" that included some of Stevie Wonder's "Uptight (Everything's Alright)".
Songs documented as being played at this stage are as follows:
June–October: Scandinavia and UK.
Shows during this period featured much of the same material as earlier in the year, with the notable addition of the group's new single, "I'm a Boy", and early performances of "So Sad About Us", which would appear on their second LP, "A Quick One". Songs documented as being played at this stage are as follows (all written by Pete Townshend unless otherwise specified):
October–December: Europe and UK.
Performances at this stage of the year included more material from the band’s "A Quick One" album, such as "See My Way" and John Entwistle's "Whiskey Man". The single "Happy Jack" began appearing towards the end of the year and would be a regular part of the act well into 1970.
Songs documented as being played at this stage are as follows (all written by Pete Townshend unless otherwise specified):

</doc>
<doc id="30966069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966069" title="Samuel Isidore Salmon">
Samuel Isidore Salmon

Sir Samuel Isidore Salmon, CBE, JP (18 October 1900 - 1980) was a politician, corporate executive, and philanthropist.
Samuel Isidore Salmon was the son of Isidore Salmon MP and Kate Abrahams. He attended Bedales School, for which he was head boy in 1919. 
From 1965 to 1968, he was a member of the Greater London Council, for which he became Deputy Chairman in 1968. He was Mayor of Hammersmith and Fulham in 1968/9, and from 1965 to 1968 was chairman of J. Lyons and Co..
Salmon married Lallah Wendy Benjamin; they had two children: Belinda Harding and Johnathan Salmon.

</doc>
<doc id="30966104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966104" title="Flag of Buenos Aires Province">
Flag of Buenos Aires Province

The flag of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, was created by students and officially adopted by Provincial Law 11.997 on August 12, 1997, after being chosen among other designs by vote of the educative community.
Symbolism.
The color green represents the province's fields; the blue refers to its rivers, the sea at its coasts and the sky over it. The red hemisphere symbolizes federalism. The yellow stands for production's fecundity. The laurel leafs represents the province's glory. The cog wheel stands for industrial production, while the half sunflower stands for agricultural output.
Previous flag.
This was the official flag of Buenos Aires Province towards the end of federalist governor Juan Manuel de Rosas' term. The flag was created on the basic pattern of the flag of Argentina, but the blue color was made darker as the light blue in Argentina's national flag was considered at the time to be a symbol of the Unitarian Party. In the Rosas' design, the red hats, the dark blue background and the red sun, all sombilize federalism. The sun's original yellow color was also darkened over time until it became also red. 
After Buenos Aires Province's secession from the Argentine Confederation in 1852, the same design was also used as a national flag by the Confederation until 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="30966110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966110" title="Romancero">
Romancero

A romancero is any collection of Spanish "romances", a type of folk ballad (sung narrative). The romancero is the entire corpus of such ballads. As a distinct body of literature they borrow themes such as war, honour, aristocracy and heroism from epic poetry, especially the medieval "cantar de gesta" and chivalric romance, and they often have a pretense of historicity. 
The "romancero" was once thought to extend back in time to before the earliest Old Spanish "cantares", like the "Poema del Cid", but it is now argued that they are instead successors to the truly epic chivalric genres. The earliest examples of "romances" date from the fourteenth century, and some are shortened narrations of stories drawn from the "cantares" and romances. Many tales take place against the backdrop of the "Reconquista", showing Spaniards and Moors in conflict or in love, while others draw their themese from the Matter of Britain or the Matter of France.
"Romancero gitano" (Gypsy Romancero) is title of a book of songs by Federico Garcia Lorca, many of the which have themes derived from the life and culture of the Gypsies of Andalusia.

</doc>
<doc id="30966126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966126" title="Alexopoulos">
Alexopoulos

Alexopoulos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30966153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966153" title="Gus Williams (vaudeville)">
Gus Williams (vaudeville)

Gus Williams (July 7, 1848 – January 16, 1915) was a popular American comedian and songwriter.
Early life.
Gustave Wilhelm Leweck, Jr. was born on the ninth of July, 1848, the son of a New York City German-American fur importer. While in his early teens Williams left home to seek adventure in the American West. He made it as far as Indiana where circumstances deemed it necessary for the boy to find work as a farmhand. On August 12, 1862 fourteen year-old Williams left farm work behind and joined Company F. of the 48th Indiana Infantry to serve in the American Civil War.
Career.
Williams, who was probably a drummer boy, soon became popular in the service providing entertainment that helped alleviate the daily boredom of camp life.
He first took to the stage on November, 14, 1864 during the Union Army’s occupation of Huntsville, Alabama with J. B. Ashton’s Dramatic Company playing Carney in ""The Pirate Legacy: The Wrecker’s Fate"" by Charles H. Saunders.
Three years after the war’s end, Williams joined Tony Pastor’s vaudeville show where he would remain throughout his twenties. With Pastor he became popular as a Dutch-style comedian performing skits and singing songs in a comedic German accent. Two of his more popular tunes from that period were, "“Keiser Do You Want to Buy a Dog?”" and "“Dot Little German Band”".
Around 1879 Williams began touring in German farce comedies like, "“Our German Senator”", "“One of the Finest”", "“Keppler’s Fortunes”", "“April Fool”" and "“Oh! What a Night”". Over his career Williams would not only pen a number of popular comic songs but also a few sentimental ones, such as "“See that my Grave is Kept Clean”","“Pretty Little Dark Blue Eyes”" and "“Don’t Forget Mother”". In 1885 he assumed his stage name, Gus Williams, as his permanent legal name. At the peak of his career Williams became active in the campaign to better the wages of vaudeville players and was the first to demand and receive $500 for a week’s engagement as a monologist.
Death.
Williams continued to work well into his sixties though eventually no longer as a headliner. On January 16, 1915 Williams had a meeting with his booking agent, J. J. Armstrong, in New York and on his return trip home sent his sister-in-law a telegraph message from the Getty Square Train Station in Yonkers, asking her to tend to his wife Emma who was not well. Upon leaving the telegraph office Williams pulled out a pistol and shot himself in the temple. There was no suicide note, leaving family and friends to speculate on why he ended his life, though health issues and career concerns would appear to have topped the list.

</doc>
<doc id="30966157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966157" title="Carlos de Paula Couto">
Carlos de Paula Couto

Biography.
Carlos de Paula Couto, (Porto Alegre, August 30, 1910 - November 15, 1982) was a Brazilian paleontologists.
Researcher at the National Museum of Brazil in Rio de Janeiro, specialized in paleontology of mammals. Over 40 years, published dozens of scientific articles in top international publications.
He was also responsible for rescuing the work of the Danish palaeontologist Peter Wilhelm Lund (1801–1880), who translated under the title Memórias sobre a Paleontologia Brasileira ("Memoirs of the Brazilian Paleontology") (1850).
Among his works stand out, "Brazilian Paleontology" (Mammals) (1953) and "Treaty of Paleomastozoologia" (1979).

</doc>
<doc id="30966162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966162" title="Elizabeth Connelly">
Elizabeth Connelly

Elizabeth A. "Betty" Connelly (June 19, 1928  – May 25, 2006) was a Democratic Party politician from Staten Island, New York who represented the North Shore of that community from 1973 to 2000. She was the first woman to win elective office to any district encompassing Staten Island.
Life and career.
Elizabeth Connelly was born Elizabeth Ann Keresey in Brooklyn, New York, and was raised in Brooklyn and the Bronx. She and her husband Robert V. Connelly moved to Staten Island in 1954 and raised a family.
Prior to her election in 1973, Connelly worked as a secretary for New York Life Insurance Company, and as a telephone sales associate for Pan American World Airways.
An advocate for the mentally disabled, Connelly was appointed chairwoman of the Assembly Committee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Developmental Disabilities, Alcoholism and Substance Abuse in 1977.
Death and Legacy.
Elizabeth Connelly died on May 25, 2006, at the age of 77 at her home in Westerleigh, Staten Island. She is survived by her husband, Robert V. Connelly, a son, Robert V. Connelly, Jr., her daughters Alice Lanzi, Margaret Nicholson, and Therese Shannon, as well seven grandchildren.
Staten Island University Hospital opened the Elizabeth A. Connelly Emergency and Trauma Center in 2009. Connelly had been a volunteer at the hospital prior to her election in 1973. A community center, named for her was also opened around the same time. The NYS Institute for Basic Research in Developmental Disabilities holds the Elizabeth A. Connelly Memorial Conference on Autism & Related Conditions annually.

</doc>
<doc id="30966187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966187" title="Leopold Bartl">
Leopold Bartl

Leopold Bartl (31 March 1902 – 4 April 1980) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Leopold Bartl was captured by Soviet troops in May 1945 after the Battle of Halbe. He was held until 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="30966200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966200" title="Rube Sellers">
Rube Sellers

Oliver "Rube" Sellers (March 7, 1881 – January 14, 1952) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Doves in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="30966201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966201" title="Gunilla Ekberg">
Gunilla Ekberg

Gunilla Ekberg is a Swedish lawyer. From 2002 to 2006, she was employed at the Ministry of Industry as the Swedish Government's expert on prostitution and trafficking in human beings. 
Her education includes a degree in Social Work from Lund University and a law degree from the University of British Columbia in Canada. She took out Canadian citizenship in 2003. 
She is an advocate for Sweden's approach to prostitution, in which the clients are prosecuted but the sex workers are supported by the social services in an effort to move them out of the industry. In 2005, the program "The Gender War" criticized Ekberg for telling the reporter Evin Rubar that she could not expect help if she was assaulted since she opposed the feminist movement.
This led to calls for her resignation, but Equality Minister (Jämställdhetsminister) Jens Orback defended her.
Subsequently she became Co-Executive Director to the lobby group Coalition Against Trafficking in Women International in Brussels, from which she continued to campaign against prostitution around the world, including Bulgaria and Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="30966203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966203" title="Malcolm Geddes">
Malcolm Geddes

Malcolm Geddes (1832-1916) was mayor of the City of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1895. He was born in 1832 in Lurgon, Armagh, Ireland, and married Mary McStay in 1855 in Ireland. He died on 2 July 1916 in Toowoomba.

</doc>
<doc id="30966218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966218" title="Biological ornament">
Biological ornament

A biological ornament is a structure of an animal that appears to serve a decorative function rather than an ostensible, utilitarian function. Ornaments are used in displays to attract mates. An animal may shake, lengthen, or spread out its ornament in order to get the attention of the opposite sex, which will in turn choose the most attractive one. Ornaments are most often observed in males and picking an extravagantly ornamented male benefits females because those “good genes” will be passed on to her offspring, increasing their survival or reproductive fitness. These genes are considered “good” solely due to the fact that it will increase the likelihood that a female will be attracted to the male that carries them. These structures usually serve as sexual cues, which are sensory signals used lead to mating responses. Therefore, ornamental traits are often selected by mate choice.
Sexual Selection.
There are several evolutionary explanations for the presence of ornaments. Darwin was the first to correctly hypothesize that sexual selection by female choice was responsible for the evolution of elaborate plumage and remarkable displays in male birds such as the quetzal and the sage grouse. Sexual selection is selection acting on variation among individuals in their ability to obtain access to mating partners. In his book, The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex written in 1871, Darwin was perplexed by the elaborate ornamentation that males of some species have because they appeared to be detrimental to survival and have negative consequences for reproductive success. Darwin proposed two explanations for the existence of such traits: these traits are useful in male-male combat or they are preferred by females.
More recently, many alternative theories of sexual selection have been proposed, many of them centered around the idea that elaborate male ornaments allow females to assess the ‘quality’ of a male’s genes so that she can ensure that her offspring get the best genes (health, physical vigor, etc.). In 1975, Amotz Zahavi proposed the handicap principle, which is the idea that elaborate male ornaments are actually a handicap and that males with such ornaments are demonstrating their physical quality by showing that they can survive despite having such a handicap. Potential mates know that the ornament indicates quality because inferior mates could not afford to produce such wastefully extravagant ornaments. In 1982, William Hamilton and Merlene Zuk proposed that male ornaments may enable healthy males to advertise the fact that they are free of diseases and parasites, a theory that is now known as the “Bright Male” hypothesis. According to this hypothesis, if an animal was diseased, it would not be able to grow such beautifully colored plumage. Since disease is a major source of juvenile mortality, females would choose the males with the most elaborate ornaments to ensure that they will have healthy offspring.
Examples.
Ornamentation is a common biological trait seen in birds. The male quetzal has elaborate ornamentation to aid in mating. Male quetzals have iridescent green wing coverts, back, chest and head, and a red belly. During mating season, male quetzals grow twin tail feathers that form an amazing train up to three feet long (one meter) with vibrant colors. Most female quetzals have no ornamentation and are drab. Coloration and tail feather length in quetzals help determine mate choice because the females choose the more elaborately ornamented males.
Other birds that exhibit ornamentation include sage grouses and widowbirds. Sage grouse birds gather in a lek, or a special display area, and strut and display their plumage to attract a mate. Whereas, the extraordinary tail feathers of the male Long-tailed Widowbird are displayed to choosy females while the male flies above his grassland territory.
Biological ornamentation is also seen in the lekking fish, Rutilus rutilus (roach). Male roach develop sexual ornaments (breeding tubercles) during the breeding season. Roach display lek-like spawning behavior, whereby females choose between males, usually choosing the more elaborately ornamented ones.
Alternate functions.
Lures.
There are many instances in which decorations appear may ornamental but actually serve other functions. For example, some species of spiders decorate their webs with shimmering ornaments in order to lure prey. Orb-weaver spiders use elaborate, ultraviolet coloured web ornaments to attract bees that specialize in taking nectar from similarly coloured flowers. In turn, the spider captures the bee in its nest and reaps the food benefits. In this case, what may seem as an ornament to attract mates is actually used as a lure to trap food.
Armaments.
In addition to attracting females directly, Deer use their antlers as weapons to battle rival males for access to breeding females. Antlers harden just before the breeding season and drop off afterward, and they only occur in males (except in caribou). Antlers are used extensively for fighting and ritualized antler to antler shoving matches.
Use in Courtship Displays.
Biological ornaments are used in courtship displays in many species, especially insects, fish, and birds. A well known ornament used in courting displays is seen in peafowls. Male peacocks spread and shake their tails to attract and impress potential mates. Peahens choose the peacocks with the largest number of eyespots on their tails, because only the healthiest peacocks can afford to divert energy and nutrients towards growing expensive and cumbersome plumage, as explained by the handicap principle. More elaborate ornamentation increases the likelihood that a male will mate and has been shown to affect survival of their offspring.The offspring of males with larger eyespots on their ornamented tails have been shown to weigh more and were more likely to be alive after 2 years than the progeny of males with fewer eyespots.
Ornaments that play a role in reproduction develop under the influence of two series of genes. First, it develops from genes in males that determine the presence and characteristics of the ornament, and second it develops from genes in females that draw her to this kind of ornamentation.Important studies concerning this have been conducted in the Stalk-eyed fly, showing that females are attracted to mates that share characteristics with their fathers. Therefore, sexual selection is a mechanism that differently affects both sexes. Initially, an ornament may have been selected for reasons not linked to reproduction, but over time, the characteristic may become exaggerated due to sexual selection. The females will select for more and more elaborate ornamentation, which represents better survival skills because the male with those characteristics must be physically fit enough to handle the unwanted predator attention that comes with the ornament. Therefore the males with the most extreme ornamentation will have more offspring, and the gene for “showiness” will be passed on. This evolution can then lead to organs of excessive size that may become troublesome for the males, such as large, bushy tails, bright feathers, etc. The point of equilibrium is reached when their ornamentation becomes too much of a handicap on the male’s survival, and the “vital” natural selection goes to work, altering the exaggerated characteristic until it reaches an equilibrium point.
Sexually selected ornaments of males may impose survival costs but advance success in the competition for mates. The interesting thing about sexual ornaments is that they impede the male’s chances for survival, yet they continue to be passed on from generation to generation. The larger the male peacock’s tail feathers are, or the brighter the birds feathers are, the harder it is for them to escape predators and maneuver through trees, and the more food they will need to eat to develop the ornament. A peacock’s tail almost certainly reduces survival of the peacock as they reduce
maneuverability, power of flight, and make the bird more conspicuous to predators. Ornaments, therefore, have a great effect on the fitness of the animals that carry them, but the benefits of having an ornament must outweigh the costs for them to be passed on.
Parental Favoritism in Nestlings.
Biological ornamentation has been shown to affect parental favoritism in nestlings. This can be observed in a species of water birds known as the American Coot. Baby American Coots hatch out with long, orange-tipped plumes on their backs and throats which provide signals to parents used to determine which individuals to feed preferentially. In experiments in which ornaments have been physically altered on baby Coots, elaborate ornamentation has been proven to be beneficial to young offspring. Ornamented individuals received more frequent feedings from parents. Therefore, the relative growth rates of ornamented chicks were much higher compared with the experimentally altered chicks.
Female Ornamentation.
Male animals are typically more elaborately ornamented than females. The classic sexual selection theory notes that because sperm are cheaper to produce than eggs, and because males generally compete more intensely for reproductive opportunities and invest less in parental care than females, males can obtain greater fitness benefits from mating multiple times. Therefore, sexual selection typically results in male-biased sex differences in secondary sexual characteristics, which are non-reproductive body parts that help distinguish between sexes in a species.
Female ornamentation has long been overlooked because of the greater prevalence of elaborate displays in males. However, the circumstances under which females would benefit from honestly signaling their quality are limited. Females are not expected to invest in ornamentation unless the fitness benefits of the ornament exceed those from investing the resources directly into offspring. It has been proposed that when females gain direct benefits from mating, females may instead be selected for ornamentation that deceives males about their reproductive state. In empidid dance flies, males frequently provide nuptial gifts and it is usually to only the female that is ornamented. Female traits in empidids, such as abdominal sacs and enlarged pinnate leg scales, have been suggested to 'deceive' males into matings by disguising egg maturity.

</doc>
<doc id="30966236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966236" title="Irem M-97">
Irem M-97

Irem M-97 is an arcade system board introduced in by Irem.

</doc>
<doc id="30966237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966237" title="Dori Spivak">
Dori Spivak

Dori Spivak (, born 19 December 1968) is the first openly-gay judge in Israel. He was appointed to the Tel Aviv Labor Court on February 18, 2011. 
Prior to becoming a judge, he was an activist in the Israeli LGBT community, and served as the chairperson of the Association for Civil Rights in Israel, and the deputy director of Tel Aviv University Buchmann Faculty of Law's legal clinics, legal advisor to the Israeli Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Association, and was involved with the Adva Center.

</doc>
<doc id="30966264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966264" title="List of birds of Heard and McDonald Islands">
List of birds of Heard and McDonald Islands

This is a list of the birds of Heard Island and the adjacent McDonald Islands in the southern Indian Ocean. For other animals there, see List of non-avian fauna of Heard Island and McDonald Islands.
The birds of Heard Island and McDonald Islands, a subantarctic Australian territory between Australia, Africa and Antarctica, are, whether breeders or visitors, almost all seabirds which find their food at sea in the waters of the surrounding Southern Ocean. An exception is the Black-faced Sheathbill, an opportunistic scavenger around seal and penguin colonies and the only solely terrestrial breeding bird species present on the islands. The Southern Giant-Petrel and Subantarctic Skua are also scavengers as well as predators at seabird colonies.
Heard Island is an important breeding site for Macaroni, Eastern Rockhopper, Gentoo and King Penguins. Endemic species or subspecies are the Heard Shag and the Black-faced Sheathbill. The surrounding waters are home to numerous species of albatross and petrel, some of which breed on the islands, including the endangered Southern Giant-Petrel and the Wandering Albatross, both threatened by long-line fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="30966273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966273" title="2012 Liga Indonesia Second Division (BLAI)">
2012 Liga Indonesia Second Division (BLAI)

The 2012 Liga Indonesia Second Division season (Indonesian: "Divisi Dua Liga Indonesia 2012") is the seventeenth edition of Liga Indonesia Second Division. The competition is organized by the Indonesia Amateur Football League Board (BLAI) of the PSSI breakaway leadership under La Nyalla Matalatti.
First stage.
Group Winner and runner-up qualify for 2nd round.
Group 1: 
Group 2: 
Group 3: 
Group 4: 
Group 5: 
Group 6: 
Group 7: 
Group 8: 
Group 9: 
Group 10: 
Group 11: 
Group 12: 

</doc>
<doc id="30966275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966275" title="Suzi Yoonessi">
Suzi Yoonessi

Suzi Yoonessi (born February 21, 1978) is an Iranian-American filmmaker living in Los Angeles, CA. She wrote and directed the award-winning feature film "Dear Lemon Lima", and "The Spring of Sorrow" for the Independent Television Service (ITVS) online FutureStates series. Yoonessi's short films "No Shoulder" and "Dear Lemon Lima" are distributed by Shorts International and Vanguard Cinema and her documentary film "Vern" is distributed by National Film Network and is in the permanent collection of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
Biography.
Suzi Yoonessi was born in Buffalo, New York, where she attended Nichols School. Yoonessi was a member of Buffalo's first all-girl band Bertha Mason during the Riot Grrrl movement in the early 90s. Yoonessi studied photography and film at the San Francisco Art Institute. Upon graduation, she worked for Surface Magazine in the editorial department and moved to New York to pursue filmmaking after being awarded a Jerome Foundation grant for her documentary film "Vern". Yoonessi received her MFA from Columbia University's School of the Arts where she was the recipient of the FMI Directing Fellowship. She currently resides in Los Angeles.
Directing.
Suzi Yoonessi's first feature film "Dear Lemon Lima" premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival where it received critical acclaim and a jury prize for Outstanding Performance. The film went on to play in over 80 film festivals, picking up audience awards and a grand jury prize at the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival. The film was released internationally, then domestically on VOD and in theaters in Los Angeles and New York by Phase 4 Films. Yoonessi directed "The Spring of Sorrow" for the Independent Television Service FutureStates series.
Filmography.
DIRECTOR
PRODUCER

</doc>
<doc id="30966287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966287" title="Pimelite">
Pimelite

Pimelite was discredited as a mineral species by the International Mineralogical Association (IMA) in 2006, in an article which suggests that “pimelite” specimens are probably willemseite (which is approved), or kerolite (which is also discredited). This was a mass discreditation, and not based on any re-examination of the type material (assuming any exists). Nevertheless, a considerable number of papers have been written, verifying that pimelite is a nickel-dominant smectite. It is always possible to redefine a mineral wrongly discredited.
The mineral was erroneously assumed to be a nickel-rich talc in a paper published in the American Mineralogist in 1979, but it had already been determined to be a smectite as early as 1938, and this was confirmed in another article in the American Mineralogist in 1966. Both nickel-bearing talc and nickel dominant smectite occur at the type locality, Szklary, Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesia, Poland.
Mineral group.
According to the literature pimelite belongs to the smectite group, trioctahedral subgroup. (“Smectite” is the name of a group of minerals, not the name of a mineral species).
Subgroup members:
Smectite group minerals are phyllosilicate clay minerals. Pimelite apparently constitutes part of the mixtures called garnierite or noumeite, and it could form a series with stevensite or saponite.
It has a molar mass of 554.5 g.
Discovery.
Pimelite was discovered in 1788 by Martin Heinrich Klaproth, and renamed in 1800 by Dietrich Ludwig Gustave Karsten (:de:Dietrich Ludwig Gustav Karsten) from the Greek word for fat, in allusion to the appearance.
Structure.
It belongs to the hexagonal crystal system, but the crystal class is unknown. As with all phyllosilicates, the basic structural element is a triple layer, called a t-o-t layer, where "t" stands for a tetrahedral sheet and "o" stands for an octahedral sheet. The tetrahedral sheets comprise (Si,Al)O4 tetrahedra, linked together in nearly hexagonal rings. Three of the oxygens in each tetrahedron form links to other tetrahedra in the sheet, and the fourth oxygen, the apical oxygen, points away from the sheet. The apical oxygens of one tetahedral sheet face the apical oxygens of the other tetrahedral sheet, forming octahedral sites between the sheets, and this is the octahedral "o" layer. The octahedral sites may be fully occupied by divalent cations, producing trioctahedral layers, where each O or OH ion is surrounded by 3 divalent cations. Alternatively the octahedral sites may be 2/3 occupied by trivalent cations, producing dioctahedral layers, where each O or OH ion is surrounded by 2 trivalent cations. There is one formula unit per unit cell (Z = 1), and the unit cell parameters are a = 5.256 Å and c = 14.822 Å. When treated with glycol the cell expands to 17.35 Å.
Appearance.
Pimelite does not form visible crystals. It is fine-grained or fibrous, with the apple green color typical of nickel compounds. It is translucent, with a white streak and a waxy luster.
Optical properties.
It is biaxial (-) but it can appear isotropic due to its fine grain size. The refractive indices are Nx = 1.592 and Ny = 1.615. It is pleochroic, pale green, and colorless to light yellow green. It is not fluorescent.
Physical properties.
Pimelite breaks with an uneven to conchoidal fracture, but it shows no cleavage. It is soft with Mohs hardness 2 to 2½, similar to that of gypsum, and its specific gravity is 2.23 to 2.98. 
It is neither radioactive nor magnetic. It is decomposed by acids.
Occurrence.
Pimelite is found in lateritic nickel ore deposits above serpentinites or dunites, frequently mixed with nickel-rich serpentine minerals or quartz. The type locality is Kosemutz, near Frankenstein, Silesia, Poland, and it has also been found in New Jersey, USA. A nickel silicate hydroxide mineral was first described from Franklin, New Jersey, in 1889, but it has not been reported from the neighbouring Sterling Hill. It was originally called "desaulesite", for Major de Saules, manager of the Trotter Mine at Franklin, but that name is now used for zinc-rich garnierite. In 1966 the material was shown to be identical with pimelite. Pimelite from the Trotter Shaft occurs as localized, patchy, thin crusts and dense 1 to 6 cm masses as an alteration product of nickel arsenides. It is a secondary, low-temperature mineral, associated with annabergite, fluorite, baryte and sphalerite.

</doc>
<doc id="30966289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966289" title="The Monument of Matrones">
The Monument of Matrones

The Monument of Matrones (1582) was the first published anthology of English women's writing. A compilation of prayers and meditations written largely by and for women published in London, its full title was "The Monument of Matrones: Conteining Seven Severall Lamps of Virginitie, or Distinct Treatises; Whereof the First Five Concerne Praier and Meditation: the Other Two Last, Precepts and Examples". The "Monument"'s seven "Lampes" or books make up 1500 quarto pages.
The "Monument" was compiled by Thomas Bentley, then a student of Gray's Inn, in a bid for royal patronage, and issued by the printer Henry Denham in 1582, just as the cult of Elizabeth I as the Virgin Queen was emerging. The desired patronage was not forthcoming, and Bentley became churchwarden of St Andrews Holborn with the support of John Aylmer, Bishop of London, in 1584.
Described in its Introduction as "diuers verie godlie, learned and diuine treatises, of meditationes and praier, made by sundrie right famous Queenes, noble Ladies, vertuous Virgins, and godlie Gentlewomen of al ages" Bentley's compilation provides virtuous examples and precepts for women, as well as prayers and devotional works. The second "Lampe" or treatise collects important works of Protestant female piety, including Marguerite of Navarre's "Miroir de l'âme pécheresse", a mystical narrative of the soul as a yearning woman translated by Queen Elizabeth as the "Mirror of the Sinful Soul", along with prayers and devotional works by Anne Askew; Frances Neville, Lady Bergavenny; Queen Catherine Parr; Lady Jane Grey; and Queen Elizabeth herself, to whom the work was dedicated.

</doc>
<doc id="30966296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966296" title="Irem M-107">
Irem M-107

Irem M-107 is an arcade system board introduced in by Irem.

</doc>
<doc id="30966299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966299" title="Aboriginal title in New Mexico">
Aboriginal title in New Mexico

The status of aboriginal title in New Mexico is unique among aboriginal title in the United States. Despite explicit Congressional legislation, early decisions of the Supreme Court of the New Mexico Territory and the U.S. Supreme Court held that the Nonintercourse Act did not restrict the alienability of Pueblo lands. When the Supreme Court reversed its position in 1913, the land title to much of the state was called into question. Congress responded in 1924 and 1933 with compromise legislation to extinguish some aboriginal title and to establish procedures for determination and compensation.
History.
Spanish and Mexican rule.
In general, the Spanish acknowledged the property rights of the Pueblos since making contact in 1541. In 1689, the King of Spain granted some type of formal title to the Pueblo.
Pueblo litigants have prevailed in modern litigation concerning land titles that they have been deemed to have adversely possessed during the Spanish era.
U.S. territory.
Mexico ceded most of modern-day New Mexico to the United States in 1848 under the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Three years later, in 1851, Congress explicitly extended the Nonintercourse Act to the territory of New Mexico. Despite this, during the territorial period, the highest court in the territory three times, and the U.S. Supreme Court once, consistently held that the Pueblos could sell their lands without Congressional consent.
Statehood.
New Mexico became a state in 1910. The enabling act provided: "'Indian' and 'Indian country' shall include the pueblo Indians of New Mexico and the lands now owned and occupied by them." The New Mexico Constitution provided a similar guarantee to Pueblo land tenure:
The people inhabiting this state do agree and declare that they forever disclaim all right and title . . . to all lands lying within said boundaries owned or held by any Indian or Indian tribes, the right or title to which shall have been acquired through the United States, or any prior sovereignty; and that until the title of such Indian or Indian tribes shall have been extinguished the same shall be and remain subject to the disposition and under the absolute jurisdiction and control of the congress of the United States.
In "United States v. Sandoval" (1913), the Supreme Court recanted nearly all of its analysis from "United States v. Joseph" (1877). By the time of the "Sandoval" decision, the Senate estimated, 3,000 non-Indians had purchased Pueblo lands. The prevailing legal view was that the Pueblo could not obtain ejectment against those settlers. Congress responded with the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924.
The Pueblo Lands Act (1924).
Congress passed the Pueblo Lands Act on June 7, 1924. The Senate and House reports described the purpose of the act as "to provide for the final adjudication and settlement of a very complicated and difficult series of conflicting titles affecting lands claimed by the Pueblo Indians of New Mexico."
The Act created a Public Lands Board composed of: the Attorney General, Interior Secretary, and a third member to be appointed by the president. The act further provided that the Pueblo's aboriginal title would be extinguished over lands deemed adversely possessed by non-Indians from 1889 to 1924 (with payment of taxes) or 1902 to 1924 (with color of title). In addition to statute of limitations/adverse possession, the Act preserved any "equitable defenses which claimants may have or have had under the laws of the Territory and State of New Mexico." Decisions of the Lands Board could be enforced by quiet title suits in the United States District Court for the District of New Mexico. 
Further, the Act provided for compensation to the Pueblos if they "could have been at any time recovered for said Indians by the United States by seasonable prosecution." Non-Indians also received full compensation if they acquired title before 1912 and compensation for improvements if after 1912. 
Prospectively, for post-1924 conveyances, § 17 of the act provided:
No right, title, or interest in or to the lands of the Pueblo Indians of New Mexico to which their title has not been extinguished as hereinbefore determined shall hereafter be acquired or initiated by virtue of the laws of the State of New Mexico, or in any other manner except as may hereafter be provided by Congress, and no sale, grant, lease of any character, or other conveyance of lands, or any title or claim thereto, made by any pueblo as a community, or any Pueblo Indian living in a community of Pueblo Indians, in the State of New Mexico, shall be of any validity in law or in equity unless the same be first approved by the Secretary of the Interior.
On at least two occasions, Congress passed legislation approving post-1924 conveyances. In several early cases, the Pueblo Lands Act was applied to dismiss Pueblo land claims, brought as ejectment or trespass, in federal court. The Pueblo had more mixed success litigating quiet title claims under the act, especially where the federal government sued in its trust capacity. The Pueblo had no success in challenging the compensation calculations performed by the Board.
In "United States v. Candelaria" (1926), the Supreme Court held that § 4 of the Lands Act provided the only affirmative defense that could be raised by land owners in a Nonintercourse Act/quiet title suit initiated by the federal government on behalf of the Pueblos, concerning pre-1924 conveyances.
In 1985, the Supreme Court held that, under the Pueblo Lands Act, the Interior Secretary had the power to approve conveyances of interests in Pueblo lands. Thus, the Court reversed the Tenth Circuit, which had affirmed partial summary judgement to the Pueblos in seeking trespass damages against a telephone company whose agreement with the Pueblos had not been approve by Congress.
In "United States v. Trujillo" (1988), the Tenth Circuit upheld an ejectment action by the Pueblo, accompanied by trespass damages, where the non-Indian defendant (and his predecessors interest) had not filed with the Lands Board.
1926 condemnation act.
On May 10, 1926 Congress passed an act providing:
That lands of the Pueblo Indians of New Mexico, the Indian title to which has not been extinguished, may be condemned for any public purpose and for any purpose for which lands may be condemned under the laws of the State of New Mexico, and the money awarded as damages shall be paid to the superintendent or officer in charge for the benefit of the particular tribe, community, or pueblo holding title to same: Provided, however, That the Federal courts of said State of the district within which such lands are located shall have and retain jurisdiction of all proceedings for the condemnation of such lands . . . .
The Tenth Circuit has held that this act was repealed by implication two years later. The repeal in question was effected independently by two acts, passed in 1928 and 1948 respectively.
The 1933 amendments.
Congress amended the 1924 act in 1933. The amendments allowed the Pueblos to sue in their own name and increased the amount of compensation the federal government would pay. Moreover, the amendments authorized the Interior Secretary to offer the Pueblos monetary compensation in exchange for relinquishing legal claims.
The Tenth Circuit held in 1976 that neither the 1926 nor 1933 acts extinguished the water rights of the Pueblo.
In 1991, the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit found a claim by the Pueblo of Santo Domingo to 24,000 under a Spanish grant to be barred by the 1924 and 1933 acts.
Court of Claims litigation.
The Pueblo have been awarded some compensation by the Court of Federal Claims (and its predecessor, the Court of Claims). In earlier cases, the Court of Claims had held that decisions of the Lands Board prevented compensation.

</doc>
<doc id="30966300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966300" title="Islam Khan V">
Islam Khan V

Islam Khan V (died 21 Safar 1147 AH / 1734 AD) was one of the prominent Emir and nobleman during the Mughal empire. He was entitled 'Islam Khan' and ‘Barkhurdar Khan’ by Emperor Bahadur Shah I and remained in many important posts during the successive rules of Bahadur Shah I, Jahandar Shah, Farrukhsiyar, Rafi ud Darajat, Shah Jahan II and Muhammad Shah.
Biography.
Barkhurdar Khan II aka Mian Kheesa was the son of Barkhurdar Khan I and great-grandson of Islam Khan I. Barkhurdar Khan II was Mansabdar Punj Hazari (5,000) and also entitled 'Islam Khan' by Shah Alam I and had Mansab 'Darogha Dīwān-e-Khās' (Superintendent of the Diwan-i-Khas) and Khalat-e Fakhra and Khalat-e Barani. He was 'Mir Atash' (the ‘master gunner’) to Bahadur Shah I before retirement from court, but was restored to his rank of 5,000 (3,000 horse), and appointed Mir Tuzak Awwal (chief Mir Tuzak / quarter-master general). 
This ‘Islam Khan’ (d. 1144 AH, 1731–2 AD) was one Mir Ahmad, first ‘Barkhurdar Khan’, then ‘Islam Khan’, son of Safi Khan (d. 1105 AH 1693–4 AD), the second son of Abdus-salam, first ‘Ikhtisas Khan’, then ‘Islam Khan’, Mashhadi, (d. 1057 AH 1647-8).
This Islam Khan played a crucial role in negotiating a settlement during the crises of clash between many noblemen (clash of the nobles) with Sayyid Brothers.
Death.
Hakim Syed Zillur Rahman in his book ‘Hayat Karam Husain’ quoted his date of death as 21 Safar 1147 AH / 1734 AD with reference to Tarikh-i Mohammadi while other authors mentioned his death date as 1144 AH / 1731–32 AD.
Family history.
The family of Barkhurdar Khan belonged to Salim Chishti. Islam Khan I was his forefather. This family maintained the traditions of receiving title 'Islam Khan' from Mughal emperors. 
It is interesting to note that where one of the daughters of Qazi Syed Rafi Mohammad was married to Qazi Ghulam Mustafa, another daughter Sahib Daulat was married to Barkhurdar Khan II. Because of this relation, Islam Khan V was close to Khan Zaman Khan Ali Asghar. Both achieved important posts in the court of Mughal kings.
Marriage and children.
Barkhurdar II married Sahib Daulat, the daughter of Qazi Syed Rafi Mohammad and had two sons – elder son Ghulam Baqi aka Maddan was also entitled ‘Barkhurdar Khan’ (Barkhurdar III), while his younger son Ghulam Mohammad aka Saddan was killed (martyred) during the fight between the English forces and Shuja-ud-Daula in 1765. Ghulam Baqi was married to his cousin (daughter of Mah Bibi bint Qazi Syed Rafi Mohammad and Noorul Haq ibn Mian Abdur Rahman of Tijara)

</doc>
<doc id="30966305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966305" title="Lucie Miller / To the Death (audio drama)">
Lucie Miller / To the Death (audio drama)

Lucie Miller & To the Death are a two part audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
Lucie Miller.
While travelling in Asia with Alex, Lucie Miller falls ill. A plague is sweeping across the world, and she is one of the few to survive it. Alex's mother, Susan, realizes that this is the first strike in the second Dalek Invasion of Earth. Once more, humanity will spend years under their rule.
The human survivors are waiting for the Doctor to save them, after Lucie uses the interocitor to send him an appeal for help. But Lucie has been seriously harmed by the disease introduced by the Daleks, perhaps to the death; although Susan and her son Alex, being aliens, prove to be immune.
The Doctor discovers that the time meddling Monk (previously encountered in "The Book of Kells") has meddled with history, reversing the Dalek defeat seen in the 1964 television serial "The Dalek Invasion of Earth", by acting as the Daleks' technical advisor on their second invasion. And in return for his time meddling services, the Daleks are assisting the Monk to loot Earth of its greatest art treasures. Tamsin is with him, helping to catalogue the art treasures, having been told the Daleks are medical missionaries.
The Monk hands the Doctor over to the Daleks. However while the Saucer is flying to America where the Dalek Time Controller is based it is hit by a torpedoes from a rebel submarine containing Lucie, Susan and Alex, they realize too late the Doctor is on the Saucer.
To the Death.
The Daleks have successfully conquered the Earth, just a few short decades after their last occupation. The Doctor, his granddaughter, her son, Lucie Miller, Tamsin Drew and the Meddling Monk make their final stand.
The Doctor is recovered from the destroyed Saucer but remains unconscious. Susan uses her TARDIS Key to find the TARDIS, which is with the Monk. She takes the Doctor inside, causing him to recover. They find the Monk has a powerful bomb with him as insurance. The Doctor wants to travel to the future and destroy the Dalek Time Controller after their previous encounter to prevent these events occurring, but is stopped by the others, who want to use the bomb now.
However the Daleks then attack the Museum and Tamsin is killed by the Daleks, greatly upsetting the Monk. The Doctor is captured and taken to the Dalek Time Controller, who was hurled back in time by the explosion the Sixth Doctor apparently destroyed him with, and repaired by the Monk. The Time Controller reveals the Daleks are planning to have the Earth travel through time and take the Amethyst Viruses from where they were scattered to, becoming a plague planet which will be used to wipe out other worlds. Alex Campbell is killed by the Daleks, however in the process their Magna-Clamp is destroyed. Lucie Miller pilots a Dalek Saucer containing the bomb into their mines. She is killed in the explosion, which destroys the Daleks. Susan and the Doctor are saved by the Monk but the Doctor refuses to forgive him for helping the Daleks, forcing him to reveal to Susan he spread the plague. The Monk also reveals he caused the Doctor to arrive late and leaves sadly. The Doctor then leaves himself, Susan hoping he will recover.
Broadcast.
Lucie Miller was broadcast on digital radio station BBC Radio 4 Extra on 17 Jan 2013 as a single hour long episode.
To the Death was broadcast on digital radio station BBC Radio 4 Extra on 18 Jan 2013 as a single hour long episode.
External links.
10/10

</doc>
<doc id="30966307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966307" title="Oyabe River">
Oyabe River

The is a river in Toyama Prefecture, Japan. The river rises from Mount Daimon on the border of Ishikawa Prefecture and enters the sea at Toyama Bay.
The kanji that spells "Oyabe" means "little arrow room", but this may be a case of "ateji", in which the kanji spelling was applied to the word, regardless of meaning. The word "oyabe" appears to be an Ainu name, "oyaw pet" , or "snake river", perhaps due to its serpentine course; there is also a legend of a battle with a monstrous snake, whose death created part of the local landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="30966309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966309" title="Fred Liese">
Fred Liese

Frederick Richard Liese (October 7, 1885 – June 30, 1967) was a pinch hitter in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Doves in 1910. He was an outfielder during his time in the minor leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="30966320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966320" title="VCU School of Business">
VCU School of Business

The Virginia Commonwealth University School of Business is located in Richmond, Virginia, home to one of the twelve Federal Reserve Banks. Because the school is located in downtown Richmond, Virginia, many students are able to receive internships and other opportunities within the city. Richmond, Virginia includes the third highest concentration of U.S. Fortune 1000 headquarters and is ranked as one of the nation’s 10 best places for business and careers.
Snead Hall.
Snead Hall opened for use to the School of Business in January 2008. Along with traditional classroom and faculty offices, the 145,000 square-foot, four-story facility includes a capital markets center and trading room, central atrium with a student commons and cafe, Business and Engineering Career Center, Center for Corporate Education, auditorium, collaborative learning rooms, tiered case study classrooms and team-building breakout rooms.
History.
VCU School of Business has grown from an initial class of 11 students to a student body of nearly 4,000.
The Beginning.
The School of Business opened its doors on September 22, 1937 and was known as the School of Store Service Education. Henry Hibbs, president of the Richmond Division of the College of William and Mary, had secured a federal grant to train executives for the growing retail sector. The school trained educators to teach salesmanship and retailing as well as department store training programs.
1940s G.I. Bill of Rights.
In 1944, there were eight men enrolled full time. By 1948, male enrollment had increased to 890 students, transforming RPI from a chiefly women's college into a true coeducational institution. This was primarily caused by the enactment of the G.I. Bill of Rights. Accounting was added as a degree and in 1946, the Department of Business Administration became the School of Business.
1958 Center for Corporate Education.
In 1958, the School of Business founded the Adult Business Education Center to serve area companies through short-term courses, workshops and seminars. It is now known as the Center for Corporate Education.
1986 Experimental Economics Lab.
The Experimental Economics Lab, opened in 1986 and was the first of its kind to employ the IBM PC network as a tool for replicating actual market environments.
1994 Fast Track M.B.A. & International Business Forum.
The VCU Fast Track Executive M.B.A. was founded in 1994 and has attracted more than 700 mid-level executives and professionals. The first International Business Forum started in 1994 due to a grant from Universal Corp.
1999-2007 Campaign for the School of Business.
Steven A. Markel, vice chairman of Markel Corp. and chair of the school's executive leadership committee, and William H. Goodwin Jr., president and CEO of CCA Industries Inc. and chair of the VCU School of Engineering foundation, came up with the idea to join forces and expand VCU's campus across Belvidere Street. An initial $10 million gift from Steve and Kathie Markel (the largest in school's history) and $1 milliner from Tom and Vickie Snead jump started the business campaign. The School of Business Foundation raised $51.5 million, which funded the construction of Snead Hall.
2007 Business Career Services.
Prior to 2007, students were given advice and steered toward internships and jobs by faculty, the University Career Center and alumni volunteers. Integrated into Snead Hall was a dedicated space for career services catered to business students.
2008 VCU da Vinci Center.
The da Vinci Center of Innovation was created. The da Vinci Center combines the VCU School of Engineering, VCU School of the Arts and the VCU School of Business into innovation teams that work on creative ways to solve business problems.
Magazine.
Business & Main is the VCU School of Business's magazine that is published twice a year. This publication covers important business topics in the community and worldwide including community business interviews, scholarly research findings, VCU news, business events and professional development articles.

</doc>
<doc id="30966325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966325" title="War between Clusium and Aricia">
War between Clusium and Aricia

The war between Clusium and Aricia was a military conflict in central Italy in around 508 BC.
Lars Porsena was king of Clusium, at that time reputed to be one of the most powerful cities of Etruria. At the behest of the exiled king of Rome, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus, Porsena had waged war against Rome. A siege of Rome ended with a peace treaty between the two cities and Porsena departed from Rome.
Porsena then spilt his forces, and sent part of the Clusian army with his son Aruns to besiege the Latin city of Aricia. According to Livy, Porsena did this in order that his military expedition might not appear to have been fruitless.
The Aricians sent for assistance from the Latin League, and also from the Greek city of Cumae. When support arrived, the Arician army ventured beyond the walls of the city, and the combined armies met the Clusian forces in battle. According to Livy, the Clusians initially routed the Arician forces, but the Cumaean troops allowed the Clusians to pass by, then attacked from the rear, gaining victory against the Clusians. Livy says the Clusian army was destroyed.
The Clusian survivors are reported by Livy to have fled to Rome, as supplicants, and were allowed a district in the city to settle, which later became known as the Vicus Tuscus.

</doc>
<doc id="30966337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966337" title="Illinizas Ecological Reserve">
Illinizas Ecological Reserve

Illinizas Ecological Reserve (sometimes referred to as Illinizas National Park) is a protected area in Ecuador, located in the provinces of Cotopaxi and Pichincha. The reserve consists of 149,900 hectares, and lies 55 kilometers south of Quito.

</doc>
<doc id="30966340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966340" title="Alexander Mayes">
Alexander Mayes

Alexander Mayes (1859-1941) was a builder and politician who was mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1896, 1903, and 1917. Born in Largo in Fifeshire, Scotland in 1859, he moved to Toowoomba in June 1886 at the age of 26. He spent 35 years in Toowoomba, becoming a prominent builder and being active in local politics. He left Toowoomba in 1922 for New South Wales, and returned to Scotland in 1926, where he died in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="30966343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966343" title="Bond Rider">
Bond Rider

A Bond Rider (Consent of Surety) extends bond coverage to assume liabilities for third parties conducting operations for a principal.
Bond Riders are utilized by the Government. For Ex:(Surety Consent Forms)
Another Bond Rider Form Example displays a form utilized for surety protection as explained herein.
Bond Rider(s) may be utilized for outlining specific type protection (i.e., faithful performance, forgery, misplacement, bail, etc.)
The General Deposit Insurance Corporation (GDIC), just as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and/or other Surety Bond providers provide Surety Bonds on Standard forms assigned numbers (i.e. 23, 576, 577, 578, 581, 562, CU-1, CU+1A, and other bond form numbers)
Additional Bond Rider Examples.
Bond Rider
Well Bond Title
General Use Rider
Revised Reconciliation Bond Rider
Surety Bond Rider (Request Form)
Pension Bond Rider
Motor Fuels Tax Bond Rider
Collector Bond Rider
Contractors Surety Bond Rider

</doc>
<doc id="30966352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966352" title="List of anime theatrically released in the United States">
List of anime theatrically released in the United States

This is a list of anime films released theatrically in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="30966361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966361" title="Irem M-92">
Irem M-92

Irem M-92 is an arcade system board introduced in by Irem.

</doc>
<doc id="30966369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966369" title="Cibecue Community School">
Cibecue Community School

Cibecue Community School (also Dishchii'bikoh Community School after the Western Apache name for Cibecue) is a small K-12, grant-funded day school in Cibecue, Arizona. It is run by the Fort Apache Agency, a division of the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
The school's superintendent is Juan Aragon. The school is subdivided into an elementary, middle, and high school, each with a separate principal.

</doc>
<doc id="30966370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966370" title="L1A1 Self-Loading Rifle">
L1A1 Self-Loading Rifle

The L1A1 Self-Loading Rifle, also known as the SLR, by the Canadian Army designation C1 or in the USA as the "inch pattern" FAL, is a British Commonwealth derivative of the Belgian FN FAL battle rifle, produced under licence. It has seen use in the armies of Australia, Canada, India, Jamaica, Malaysia, New Zealand, Rhodesia, and the United Kingdom.
In contrast to the "metric" FALs, the design dimensions of the inch-pattern are British imperial units, rather than the metric units used in Belgium. Despite this, many sub-assemblies are interchangeable between the two types, although components of those sub-assemblies may not be compatible. Another notable difference is magazines. Also, butt-stocks are not interchangeable, since the stocks on metric pattern and inch pattern rifles attach in different ways.
Most Commonwealth pattern FALs are semi-automatic only. However, there is also an automatic rifle variant, the L2A1/C2A1, capable of automatic fire and meant to serve in a support role. Differences from the L1A1/C1 include a heavy barrel, a handguard that doubles as a foldable bipod, and a larger 30-round magazine although it could also use the normal 20-round magazines as well. Only Australia and Canada used this variant, as the UK and New Zealand used Bren light machine guns converted to fire the 7.62mm NATO cartridge. Some Canadian C1s issued to naval personnel were also capable of automatic fire.
History.
The L1A1 and other inch-pattern derivatives trace their lineage back to the Allied Rifle Commission of the 1950s, whose intention was to introduce a single rifle and cartridge that would serve as standard issue for all NATO countries. After briefly adopting the Rifle No. 9 Mk 1 with a 7mm intermediate cartridge, the UK, believing that if they adopted the Belgian FAL and the American 7.62 NATO cartridge that the United States would do the same, adopted the L1A1 as a standard issue rifle in 1954. The US, however, did not adopt any variant of the FAL, opting for its own M14 rifle instead.
The L1A1 subsequently served as the UK's first-line battle rifle through 1980s before being replaced by the 5.56mm L85A1. This was later updated due to operational faults in the early 2000s and redesignated the L85A2.
Combat service.
The L1A1 and variants have seen use in several conflicts, including as part of the Cold War. L1A1s have been used by the British Army in Malaysia, Northern Ireland, and in the Falklands War (in opposition to FN FAL-armed Argentine forces), the First Gulf War (where it was still on issue to some second line British Army units and RAF personnel not yet issued with the L85A1), by Australia and New Zealand in Vietnam, and by Rhodesia in the Rhodesian Bush War.
Replacement.
Starting in the mid-1980s, the UK started replacing its 30-year-old L1A1 rifles with the 5.56 NATO bullpup L85A1 assault rifle. Australia chose the Steyr AUG as a replacement in the form of the F88 Austeyr, with New Zealand following suit shortly after. Canada replaced its C1 rifles with AR-15 variants: the C7 assault rifle and C8 carbine. Both Australia and Canada replaced their L2A1/C2 heavy barrel support weapons with FN Minimi variants: the F89 and C9, respectively.
Users.
Australia.
The Australian Army, as a late member of the Allied Rifle Committee along with the United Kingdom and Canada adopted the committee's improved version of the FAL rifle, designated the L1A1 rifle by Australia and Great Britain, and C1 by Canada. The Australian L1A1 is also known as the 'Self-Loading Rifle' (SLR), and in full-automatic form, the 'Automatic Rifle' (AR). The Australian L1A1 features are almost identical to the British L1A1 version of FAL, however the Australian L1A1 differs from its British counterpart in the design of the upper receiver lightening cuts. The lightening cuts of the Australian L1A1 most closely resembles the later Canadian C1 pattern, rather than the simplified and markedly unique British L1A1 cuts. The Australian L1A1 FAL rifle was in service with Australian forces until it was superseded by the F88 Austeyr (a licence-built version of the Steyr AUG) in 1988, though some remained in service with Reserve units until late 1990. Some Australian Army units deployed overseas on UN peacekeeping operations in Namibia, the Western Sahara and Cambodia still used the L1A1 SLR and the M16A1 rifle throughout the early 1990s. The British and Australian L1A1s, and Canadian C1A1 SLRs were semi-automatic only, unless battlefield conditions mandated that modifications be made.
The Australians, in co-ordination with Canada, developed a heavy-barrel version of the L1A1 as an automatic rifle variant, designated L2A1. The Australian heavy-barrel L2A1 was also known as the 'Automatic Rifle' (AR). The L2A1 was similar to the FN FAL 50.41/42, but with a unique combined bipod/handguard and a receiver dust-cover mounted tangent rear sight from Canada. The L2A1 was intended to serve a role as a light automatic rifle or quasi-squad automatic weapon (SAW). The role of the L2A1 and other heavy barrel FAL variants is essentially the same in concept as the Browning Automatic Rifle (BAR) or Bren, but the Bren is far better suited to the role of a fire support base for a section, being designed for the role from the start. In practice many considered the L2A1 inferior to the Bren, as the Bren had a barrel that can be changed, so could deliver a better continuous rate of fire, and was more accurate in the role due to its greater weight and better stock configuration. For this reason the British used the 7.62mm-converted L4 series Bren. It is noteworthy that most countries that adopted the FAL rejected the heavy barrel FAL, presumably because it did not perform well in the machine gun role. Countries that did embrace the heavy barrel FAL included Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Canada, and Israel.
Unique 30-round magazines were developed for the L2A1 rifles. These 30-round magazines were essentially a lengthened version of the standard 20-round L1A1 magazines, perfectly straight in design. Curved 30-round magazines from the L4A1 7.62 NATO conversion of the Bren are interchangeable with the 30-round L2A1 magazines, however they reputedly gave feeding difficulties due to the additional friction from the curved design as they must be inserted "upside down" in the L2A1. The L4A1 Bren magazines were developed as a top-mounted gravity-assisted feed magazine, opposite of what is required for the L2A1 FAL. This was sometimes sorted out by stretching magazine springs.
The Australian L1A1/L2A1 rifles were produced by the Small Arms Factory - Lithgow, with approximately 220,000 L1A1 rifles produced between 1959 and 1986. L2A1 production was approximately 10,000 rifles produced between 1962 and 1982. Lithgow exported a large number of L1A1 rifles to many countries in the region. Notable users were New Zealand, Singapore, and Papua New Guinea.
During the Vietnam War, the SLR was the standard weapon issued to Australian infantrymen. Many Australian soldiers preferred the larger calibre weapon over the American M16 because they felt the SLR was more reliable and they could trust the NATO 7.62 round to kill an enemy soldier outright. Australian jungle warfare tactics used in Vietnam were informed by their experience in earlier jungle conflicts (e.g. the Malayan Emergency and the Konfrontasi campaign in Borneo) and were considered far more threatening by their Viet Cong opponents than those employed by U.S. forces The Australians considered the strengths and limitations of the SLR and its heavy ammunition load to be better suited to their tactical methodology.
Another interesting product of Australian participation in the conflict in South-East Asia was the field modification of L1A1 and L2A1 rifles by the Australian Special Air Service Regiment SASR for better handling. Nicknamed "The Bitch", these rifles were field modified, often from heavy barrel L2A1 automatic rifles, with their barrels cut off right in front of the gas block, and often with the L2A1 bipods removed to install a XM148 40 mm grenade launcher mounted below the barrel. The XM148 40 mm grenade launchers were obtained from U.S. forces. For the L1A1, the lack of fully automatic fire resulted in the unofficial conversion of the L1A1 to full-auto capability by using lower receivers from the L2A1, which works by restricting trigger movement.
Australia produced a shortened version of the L1A1 designated the L1A1-F1. It was intended for easier use by soldiers of smaller stature in jungle combat, as the standard L1A1 is a long, heavy weapon. The reduction in length was achieved by installing the shortest butt length (there were 3 available, short, standard and long), and a flash suppressor that resembled the standard version except it projected a much smaller distance beyond the end of the rifling, and had correspondingly shorter flash eliminator slots. The effect was to reduce the length of the weapon by 2 1/4 inches. Trials revealed that, despite no reduction in barrel length, accuracy was slightly reduced. The L1A1-F1 was provided to Papua New Guinea, and a number were sold to the Royal Hong Kong Police in 1984. They were also issued to female Staff Cadets at the Royal Military College Duntroon and some other Australian personnel.
In 1970 a bullpup rifle known as the KAL1 General Purpose Infantry Rifle was built at the Small Arms Factory Lithgow using parts from the L1A1 rifle. Another version of the rifle was also built in 1973.
Canada.
The Canadian Forces operated several versions, the most common being the C1A1, similar to the British L1A1 (which became more or less a Commonwealth standard), the main difference being that rotating disc rear sight graduated from 200 to 600 yards and a two piece firing pin. The trigger guard was able to be folded into the pistol grip, this allowed the user to wear mitts when using the weapon. The Canadian rifle also has a shorter receiver cover than other Commonwealth variants to allow for refilling the magazine by charging it with stripper clips. It was manufactured under license by the Canadian Arsenals Limited company. Canada was the first country to use the FAL. It served as Canada's standard battle rifle from the early 1950s to 1984, when it began to be phased out in favor of the lighter Diemaco C7, a licence-built version of the AR-15.
The Canadians also operated an automatic variant, the C2A1, as a section support weapon, which was very similar to the Australian L2A1. It was similar to the FN FAL 50.41/42, but with wooden attachments to the bipod legs that work as a handguard when the legs are folded. The C2A1 used a tangent rear sight attached to the receiver cover with ranges from 200 to 1000 meters. The C1 was equipped with a 20-round magazine and the C2 with a 30-round magazine, although the two were interchangeable. Variants of the initial C1 and the product improved C1A1 were also made for the Royal Canadian Navy, which were capable of automatic fire, under the designations C1D and C1A1D. These weapons are identifiable by a "A" for automatic, carved or stamped into the butt stock. Boarding parties for domestic and international searches used these models.
India.
The Rifle 7.62 mm 1A1 is a reverse engineering of the UK L1A1 self-loading rifle. It is produced at Ordnance Factory Tiruchirappalli of the Ordnance Factories Board. The Indian 1A1 differs from the UK SLR in that the wooden butt-stock uses the butt-plate from the Lee-Enfield with trap for oil bottle and cleaning pull-through. The 1A1 rifle has been supplemented in service with the Indian Army by the INSAS 5.56 mm assault rifle. The 1A1 rifle is still available for export sales. A fully automatic version of the rifle (known as the 1C) is also available. Now L1A1 is still in use by Central Armed Police Forces, some law enforcement bodies and also used during parades by National Cadet Corps (India)
Jamaica.
Jamaica, as part of the Commonwealth, adopted the SLR as the standard rifle of the Jamaica Defence Force. In the 1980s L85A1s were procured from the UK, but after evaluation they were issued to support troops and the SLR was retained as the standard infantry rifle.
Malaysia.
The Malaysian Army adopted the L1A1 SLR rifle from the British Commonwealth c. 1969 to replace the bolt action Lee Enfield rifle and Sten sub-machinegun, while the Royal Malaysian Navy adopted the L1A1 SLR earlier than Malaysian Army, in 1965–66 alongside the Sterling SMG. It was also adopted by Royal Malaysia Police for its Paramilitary Field Force (Pasukan Polis Hutan/GOF). Communist Party of Malaya cadres had been found with the FN FAL as well, most of them looted from dead or wounded Malaysian soldiers. This rifle was used until the 1990s with the adoption of the HK 33, Beretta AR70 and M16A1 assault rifles before FALs were withdrawn from service and transferred to second line units (Rejimen Askar Wataniah). During the 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, both the Malaysian police and the opposing Royal Security Forces of the Sultanate of Sulu and North Borneo were seen using the L1A1.
New Zealand.
The New Zealand Army used the L1A1 as its standard service rifle for just under 30 years. The Labour government of Walter Nash approved the purchase of the L1A1 as a replacement for the No. 4 Mk 1 Lee-Enfield bolt-action rifle in September 1958. An order for a total of 15,000 L1A1 rifles was subsequently placed with the Lithgow Arsenal in Australia which had been granted a license to produce the L1A1. However the first batch of 500 rifles from this order was not actually delivered to the New Zealand Army until 1960. Thereafter deliveries continued at an increasing pace until the order for all 15,000 rifles was completed in 1965. After its adoption by the Army, the Royal New Zealand Air Force and the Royal New Zealand Navy also eventually acquired it. Unlike L1A1s in Australian service, New Zealand L1A1s later used British black plastic furniture, and some rifles even had a mixture of the two. The carrying handles were frequently cut off. The British SUIT (Sight Unit Infantry Trilux) optical sight was issued to some users in infantry units. The L2A1 heavy barrel variant was also issued as a limited standard, but was not popular due to the problems also encountered by other users of heavy barrel FAL variants. The L4A1 7.62mm conversion of the Bren was much-preferred in New Zealand service. The New Zealand Defence Force began replacing the L1A1 with the Steyr AUG assault rifle in 1988. The Steyr AUG is currently in use across all three services of the New Zealand Defence Force. The Royal New Zealand Navy still uses the L1A1 for line throwing between ships.
Rhodesia.
Like most British colonies and Commonwealth Nations of the time, the colony of Southern Rhodesia's military forces were issued the British L1A1 SLR. After the Unilateral Declaration of Independence (UDI) from the UK in 1965, Rhodesia was unable to obtain further supplies of L1A1 SLRs. As many as 30,000 South African R1 rifles were procured from South Africa. These two rifles would be the primary infantry small arms of the Rhodesian Security Forces during the Rhodesian Bush War of 1965–80.
United Kingdom.
The United Kingdom produced its own variant of the FN FAL incorporating the modifications developed by the Allied Rifle Committee, designating it the L1A1 Self Loading Rifle (SLR). The weapons were manufactured by the Royal Small Arms Factory Enfield, Birmingham Small Arms, Royal Ordnance Factory and ROF Fazakerley. After the production run ceased, replacement components were made by Parker Hale Limited. The SLR served the British Armed Forces from 1954 until approximately 1994, being replaced by the L85A1 from 1985 onwards.
The SLR was designed using Imperial measurements and included several changes from the standard FN FAL. A significant change from the original FAL was that the L1A1 operates in semi-automatic mode only. Other changes include: the introduction of a folding cocking handle; an enclosed slotted flash suppressor; folding rear sight; sand-clearing modifications to the upper receiver, bolt and bolt carrier; folding trigger guard to allow use with Arctic mitts; strengthened butt; enlarged change lever and magazine release catch; vertical stripping catch to prevent unintended activation; deletion of the automatic hold-open device and the addition of retaining tabs at the rear of the top cover to prevent forward movement of the top cover (and resulting loss of zero) when the L2A1 SUIT was fitted. The flash suppressor is fitted with a lug which allows the fitting of an L1-series bayonet, an L1A1/A2 or L6A1 blank firing attachment or an L1A1/A2 ENERGA rifle grenade launcher.
Initial production rifles were fitted with walnut furniture, consisting of the pistol grip, forward handguard, carrying handle and butt. The wood was treated with oil to protect against moisture, but not varnished or polished. Later production weapons were produced with synthetic furniture, The material used was Maranyl, a nylon 6-6 and fiberglass composite. The Maranyl parts have a "pebbled" anti-slip texture along with a butt has a separate butt-pad, available in four lengths to allow the rifle to be fitted to individual users. There was also a special short butt designed for use with Arctic clothing or body armour, which incorporated fixing points for an Arctic chest sling system. After the introduction of the Maranyl furniture, as extra supplies became available it was retrofitted to older rifles as they underwent scheduled maintenance. However this resulted in a mixture of wooden and Maranyl furniture within units and often on the same rifle. Wooden furniture was still in use in some Territorial Army units and in limited numbers with the RAF until at least 1989.
The SLR selector has two settings (rather than the 3 that most metric FALs have), safety and semi-automatic, which are marked S (Safe) and R (Repetition.) The magazine from the 7.62 mm L4 light machine gun will fit the SLR; however, the L4 magazine was designed for gravity assisted downwards feeding, and can be unreliable with the upwards feeding system of the SLR. Commonwealth magazines were produced with a lug brazed onto the front to engage the recess in the receiver, in place of a smaller pressed dimple on the metric FAL magazine. As a consequence of this, metric FAL magazines can be used with the Commonwealth SLR, but SLR magazines will not fit the metric FAL.
Despite the British, Australian and Canadian versions of the FAL being manufactured using machine tools which utilised the Imperial measurement system, they are all of the same basic dimensions. Parts incompatibilities between the original FAL and the L1A1 are due to pattern differences, not due to the different dimensions as incorrectly thought. Confusions over the differences has given rise to the terminology of "metric" and "inch" FAL rifles, which originated as a reference to the machine tools which produced them. Despite this, virtually all FAL rifles are of the same basic dimensions, true to the original Belgian FN FAL. In the USA, the term "metric FAL" refers to guns of the Belgian FAL pattern, whereas "inch FAL" refers to one produced to the Commonwealth L1A1/C1 pattern.
SLRs could be modified at unit level to take two additional sighting systems. The first was the "Hythe Sight," formally known as the "Conversion Kit, 7.62mm Rifle Sight, Trilux, L5A1" (L5A2 and L5A3 variants with different foresight inserts also existed) and intended for use in close range and in poor lighting conditions. The sight incorporated two rear sight aperture leaves and a permanently glowing tritium foresight insert for improved night visibility, which had to be replaced after a period of time due to radioactive decay. The first rear sight leaf had a 7 mm aperture which could be used alone for night shooting or the second leaf could be raised in front of it, superimposing a 2 mm aperture for day shooting. The second sight was the L2A1 "Sight Unit, Infantry, Trilux" (SUIT), a 4x optical sight which mounted on a rail welded to a top cover. The SUIT featured a prismatic offset design, which reduced the length of the sight and improved clearance around the action. Also, the SUIT helped to reduce parallax errors and heat mirage from the barrel as it heated up during firing. The aiming mark was an inverted, tapered perspex pillar ending in a point which could be illuminated by a tritium element for use in low light conditions. The inverted sight post allowed rapid target re-acquisition after the recoil of the firearm raised the muzzle. The scope was somewhat heavy, but due to its solid construction was durable and robust.
The SLR was officially replaced in 1985 by the bullpup design L85A1 service rifle, firing the 5.56x45mm NATO cartridge. The armed forces were re-equipped by 1994 and during this period the L1A1 rifles were gradually phased out. Most were either destroyed or sold, with some going to Sierra Leone. Several thousand were sent to the USA and sold as parts kits, and others were refurbished by LuxDefTec in Luxembourg and are still on sale to the European market.

</doc>
<doc id="30966390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966390" title="List of things named after Euclid">
List of things named after Euclid

This is a list of topics named after the Greek mathematician Euclid.

</doc>
<doc id="30966416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966416" title="Mohamed Naceur Ammar">
Mohamed Naceur Ammar

Mohamed Naceur Ammar (born 1957) is a Tunisian politician. He served as the Tunisian Minister of Communication Technologies under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali from January 2010 to January 2011.
Biography.
Mohamed Naceur Ammar was born in Dar Chaabane in 1957. He received a PhD, as well as degrees from the École Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Paris and from the École Polytechnique in France. He has taught at the Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Paris and at the Institut Préparatoire aux Etudes scientifiques et technique, a school at Carthage University. In 1997, he became the President of the Ecole Supérieure des Postes et des télécommunications de Tunis, and from 1998 to 2004, he served as founding President of the École supérieure des communications de Tunis, where he is still employed as a researcher. He was also involved with the Constitutional Democratic Rally.
In January 2010, he was appointed as the Tunisian Minister of Communication Technologies. He was deposed when former President Ben Ali stepped down in January 2011. He has said he supported the 2010–2011 Tunisian revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="30966425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966425" title="Felix Serafin">
Felix Serafin

Felix Serafin (May 23, 1905 – August 9, 1966) was an American professional golfer.
Serafin was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He made his living as a club professional while occasionally playing on the early PGA Tour. He did win four times on Tour.
Professional wins.
Other wins.
"this list may be incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="30966426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966426" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's slalom">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's slalom

Complete results for the Women's Slalom competition at the 2009 World Championships. It was run on February 15, the final race of the championships.
101 athletes from 42 countries competed.

</doc>
<doc id="30966432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966432" title="Leo Rey">
Leo Rey

Cecil Leonardo Leiva Reyes (Viña del Mar, November 30, 1979) also known as Leo Rey (derived from his second name and maternal surname), is a Chilean singer and former vocalist of the group La Noche.

</doc>
<doc id="30966437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966437" title="Lefty Gervais">
Lefty Gervais

Lucien Edward "Lefty" Gervais (July 6, 1890 – October 19, 1950) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="30966456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966456" title="Wyoming Highway 335">
Wyoming Highway 335

Wyoming Highway 335 is a roughly north-south Wyoming State Road located in central Sheridan County south of the city of Sheridan.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 335 begins its southern end at Sheridan County Route 26 (Red Grade Road) near the Bighorn National Forest and southwest of the unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) of Big Horn. Highway 335 heads east for just over 3 miles before turning due north for another 2.4 miles where WYO 335 has an intersection with Sheridan County Route 87 (Beaver Creek Road) as it curves back east to serve the community of Big Horn. After passing though Big Horn WYO 335 turns, again back north toward Sheridan as it passes the Powder Horn Golf Club. One last time, 335 gently curves northeast and ends at U.S. Route 87 and the southern terminus of Wyoming Highway 332 (Big Horn Avenue) after 9.71 miles south of Sheridan.

</doc>
<doc id="30966458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966458" title="Hessdalen Church">
Hessdalen Church

Hessdalen Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Hessdalen.
The church was built in 1940 by architects John Egil Tverdahl and Arne S. Gynnild. The wooden building was built to hold about 186 people.
The church is part of the Hessdalen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. 

</doc>
<doc id="30966459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966459" title="Aunegrenda Chapel">
Aunegrenda Chapel

Aunegrenda Chapel () is a chapel in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Aunegrenda.
The wooden church building was built in 1952 by architect Morgenstierne & Eide. The church was built to hold about 120 people.
The church is part of the Haltdalen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. 

</doc>
<doc id="30966461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966461" title="Haltdalen Church">
Haltdalen Church

Haltdalen Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Haltdalen. 
The church was built in 1881 by architects Jacob Digre and Gustav Olsen. The wooden building was built in the Neo-gothic style and was built to hold about 300 people.
The church is part of the Haltdalen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. 

</doc>
<doc id="30966466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966466" title="VCU School of the Arts">
VCU School of the Arts

Virginia Commonwealth University's School of the Arts, located in Richmond, Virginia, comprises sixteen programs and more than 3,000 students. With the inclusion of the campus in Qatar, come an additional 5 programs and another 214 students. It began as one night class taught by Theresa Pollak in the fall of 1928.
History.
The first important step in the expansion of the curriculum into an entirely new field was the opening in 1928 of the School of Art in a studio constructed in the loft of an old stable. The establishment of the School of Art resulted partly from the encouragement provided by an initial gift of $1,000 by Colonel Abraham Archibald Anderson, a wealthy New York artist; partly from gifts from Richmond citizens of $24,000; partly from a grant of financial assistance made by the State Department of Education; and partly from the willingness of the first teacher, Miss Theresa Pollak, to work in those early years without a salary guarantee.
Around the 1940s and 1950s the School of Art began acquiring some recognition nationwide. A brochure issued by RPI about 1940 carried two photographs which had been published by Life magazine. The school has been for years one of the largest at RPI and its successor, Virginia Commonwealth University.
Herbert J. Burgart, who became director about 1966-67 was quoted by the Richmond Times-Dispatch on March 23, 1969, as saying that his information was that it is the "largest professional art school in the country, with 1,200 full-time undergraduate students and 75 graduate students." 
Miss Pollak retired in 1970 after more than 40 years of service. At this time the newspapers announced the faculty had increased to 72 full-time and 24 part-time teachers. The new and attractive art school building completed in 1970 is named for that first teacher in the department, Miss Pollak.
Rankings.
VCUarts is ranked the #1 public university and #4 overall school of arts and design in the country by U.S. News & World Report
The following are overall rankings within the United States:
The Department of Interior Design graduate program was ranked as the #4 Interior Design graduate program in the South and #6 nationally by the journal "DesignIntelligence" in its 2008 edition of "America's Best Architecture & Design Schools". The undergraduate program was ranked #5 regionally.
VCU Qatar.
In 1996, a worldwide search began for universities that were regarded as the top schools in their fields, so that an educational center could be created in the Middle Eastern state of Qatar. In 1997, because it was the top ranked public university school of arts and design, VCU School of the Arts was contacted to determine its interest in offering some of the same programs offered on its Richmond campus to students in Doha, Qatar. Consequently, the Shaqab College of Design Arts operated by VCU opened its doors in fall of 1998 to a class of 33 female students enrolled in the equivalent of the Art Foundation Program. Today at VCU Qatar you can earn a BFA in Fashion Design, Graphic Design, Interior Design, or Painting and Printmaking, and a BA in Art History. The school also offers MFA in Design Studies.
Galleries.
Anderson Gallery.
VCU's Anderson Gallery was established through a monetary gift given to the Richmond Professional Institute (RPI) in 1930 by Colonel Abraham Archibald Anderson (1847 Π1940). Colonel Anderson, a gentleman portrait artist who founded the American Art Association in 1890, believed that Richmond would develop, with support, a thriving art community.
Institute of Contemporary Art.
VCUarts has chosen renowned architect, Steven Holl, to design the Virginia Commonwealth University Institute for Contemporary Art (ICA). The ICA will be a non-collecting institution. It will initiate programming and collaborate with other institutions around the world on traveling exhibitions and other events. The facility will enhance and expand the role of the arts on campus, serving as both an academic and extracurricular resource for students and faculty from every department. The mission of this establishment is to serve as an educational and cultural resource for both the University and the City. The building will cost 35 million dollars and is scheduled to open in 2016. It will be positioned as the new gateway to Richmond, at the corner of Broad and Belvidere street.
Design.
The ICA's design incorporates many environmentally friendly elements, making use of natural resources whenever possible. This includes the use of geothermal wells to provide heating and cooling energy for the building, green roofs to absorb storm water and maximize insulation, and glass walls designed to exhaust heat in the summer and harness it in the winter. The project is designed to meet LEED platinum certification standards.
Encompassing 38,000 square feet of interior space, the ICA will feature:http://ica.vcu.edu/about-the-design/</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="30966472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966472" title="Ålen Church">
Ålen Church

Ålen Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Ålen.
The church was built in 1881 by architect Jacob Digre. The wooden building was built in the Neo-gothic style and was built to hold about 322 people.
The church is part of the Ålen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="30966484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966484" title="Johnny Dawson">
Johnny Dawson

John W. Dawson (December 20, 1902 – January 6, 1986) was an American amateur golfer and golf course architect.
Dawson was born in Chicago, Illinois. Although he was a lifelong amateur golfer, his amateur status was rescinded by the United States Golf Association (USGA) for a time due to his employment with the Spalding sporting goods company. His amateur status was eventually restored and he competed in several USGA events. He was runner-up (at the age of 44) to Skee Riegel in 1947 U.S. Amateur. He played on the winning 1949 U.S. Walker Cup team. He was also runner-up in 1958 U.S. Senior Amateur
As a developer, he designed and built the Seven Lakes, Thunderbird, El Dorado, and La Quinta Country Clubs; he lived in Palm Springs.
Dawson won the Southern California Golf Association (SCGA) amateur championship four times between 1942 and 1952, and was inducted into the SCGA Hall of Fame in 2007. 
Professional wins (3).
"Note: all wins were as an amateur"
U.S. national team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="30966506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966506" title="Summit Peak">
Summit Peak

"For the mountain in California formerly named Summit Peak, see Mount Ina Coolbrith."
Summit Peak, elevation , sits on the Continental Divide in southern Colorado. The mountain is the highest point in the South San Juan Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="30966530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966530" title="National Data Repository">
National Data Repository

A National Data Repository (NDR) is a data bank that seeks to preserve and promote a country’s natural resources data, particularly data related to the petroleum exploration and production (E&P) sector.
A National Data Repository is normally established by an entity that governs, controls and supports the exchange, capture, transference and distribution of E&P information, with the final target to provide the State with the tools and information to assure the growth, govern-ability, control, independence and sovereignty of the industry.
The two fundamental reasons for a country to establish an NDR are to preserve data generated inside the country by the industry, and to promote investments in the country by utilizing data to reduce the exploration, production, and transportation business risks.
Countries take different approaches towards preserving and promoting their natural resources data. The approach varies according to a country’s natural resources policies, level of openness, and its attitude towards foreign investment.
Data types.
NDRs store a vast array of data related to a country’s natural resources. This includes wells, well log data, well reports, core samples, seismic surveys, post-stack seismic, field data/tapes, seismic (acquisition/processing) reports, production data, geological maps and reports, license data and geological models.
Funding models.
Some NDRs are financed entirely by a country’s government. Others are industry-funded. Still some are hybrid systems, funded in part by industry and government.
NDRs typically charge fees for data requests and for data loading. The cost differs significantly between countries. In some cases an annual membership is charged to oil companies to store and access the data in the NDR.
Standards body.
Energistics is the global energy standards resource center for the upstream oil and gas industry.
Energistics National Data Repository Work Group:
The standards body is Energistics.
Energistics-standards-directory.
Global regulators of upstream oil and natural gas information, including seismic, drilling, production and reservoir data, formed the National Data Repository (NDR) Work Group in 2008 to collaborate on the development of data management standards and to assist emerging nations with hydrocarbon reserves to better collect, maintain and deliver oil and gas data to the public and to the industry.
Ten countries, led by the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom, formed NDR to share best practices and to formalize the development and deployment of data management standards for regulatory agencies. The other countries involved in the NDR Work Group’s formation are Australia, Canada, India, Kenya, New Zealand, South Africa and the United States.
Annual NDR Conference: Approximately every 18 months Energistics organizes a National Data Repository Conference. The purpose is to provide government and regulatory agencies from around the world an opportunity to attend a series of workshops dedicated to developing data exchange standards, improving communications with the oil and gas industry and learning data management techniques for natural resources information.
NDRs around the world.
Click here to open this map in Google Maps

</doc>
<doc id="30966534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966534" title="VCU School of Engineering">
VCU School of Engineering

Establishing a School of Engineering was a major initiative of the first phase of Virginia Commonwealth University's strategic planning process. The initiative was a response to workforce and economic development needs of Richmond and Central Virginia. In 1996, initial courses were offered in mechanical, electrical and chemical engineering. The school added a new undergraduate major in biomedical engineering in the fall of 1998. The undergraduate biomedical engineering program is unique in the commonwealth and responds to the growing presence of biomedical companies in Virginia. VCU's long-standing degree programs in Computer Science joined the School of Engineering in fall 2001. In May 2000, a graduate degree program in engineering was created and added to the historic graduate programs of biomedical engineering.
Facilities.
The first two of the School of Engineering's planned facilities opened in the fall of 1998 — the main classroom building and the Virginia Microelectronics Research Center. Together, they total at a cost of $42 million. To foster growth in enrollment and faculty number, the school embarked on an ambitious campaign to expand facilities, fund endowed scholarships, chairs, and academic programs. The campaign raised more than $67 million to meet these needs.
Current Facilities.
In January 2008, the School opened East Hall, a facility housing 48 research labs, 50 faculty offices, six classrooms, and other student spaces allowing for future growth of the School.
Future Expansion.
According to the recent Masterplan published in February 2013 there are two future buildings planned for expansion of the School of Engineering
Rankings.
VCU Engineering, started in 1996 has seen tremendous growth and completely new facilities. William F. Goodwin, Chairman of the VCU School of Engineering Foundation Board of Trustees, has set an ambitious objective for the engineering program. He's aiming for "25 in 25"- a top 25 engineering-school rank within 25 years. As of 2012, the Biomedical Engineering program is ranked 66th overall while the School of Engineering is ranked 144th.
Statistics.
Alumni: 2,936 
2010 Freshman Class: 291 
2011 Freshman Class: 286 
2011 Freshman Admit SAT Mid 50%: 1190 - 1350 
2011 Freshman Admit SAT Average: 1280 
Fall 2009 Freshmen returning as Sophomores: 80%
Placement after Graduation: 64% full-time employment, 36% Graduate School
Top Employers of Alumni: Mistubishi nuclear energy, Thomas & Betts Power, Altria, MWV, TRANE, and Infilco Degremont.
Student Diversity.
White - 750 students (57%) 
Asian - 217 students (16%)
Black/African American - 143 students (11%)
International - 87 students (7%)
Hispanic/Latino - 54 students (4%)
Two or More Races - 41 students (3%)
Unknown - 24 students (2%)
Native American/Alaskan - 3 students
Hawaiian/Pacific Islander - 1 student

</doc>
<doc id="30966537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966537" title="Gilgal I">
Gilgal I

Gilgal I () is an archaeological site in the Jordan Valley, West Bank, dated to the Neolithic period. The site is located eight miles north of ancient Jericho. The features and artifacts unearthed at Gilgal I shed important light on agriculture in the Levant.
History.
According to the Bible, Gilgal is the camp where Joshua and the children of Israel first settled upon entering the Promised Land.
Gilgal I was first excavated by Tamar Noy in 1979. Further excavations were conducted by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Mordechai E. Kislev and Anat Hartmann of Bar-Ilan University. They found caches of selectively propagated fig seeds, stored together with wild barley, wild oat, and acorns in quantities too large to be accounted for even by intensive gathering, at strata datable c. 11,000 years ago. The dig also unearthed the remains of thirteen round buildings made of mud and rock.
Some of the plants tried and then abandoned during the Neolithic period in the Ancient Near East, at sites like Gilgal I, were later successfully domesticated in other parts of the world.At Gilgal, archaeologists found ancient carbonized figs stored in an 11,400-year-old house which appear to be a mutant "parthenocarpic" variety, bred for human consumption. 
The figs discovered at Gilgal lack embryonic seeds, a mutation that does not survive in nature more than a single generation. This suggests that the fig trees at Gilgal were maintaining the mutant trees by planting live branches in the ground, a horticultural technique known as vegetative propagation. Some fig remains recovered from other sites in the Middle East appear to be of the Gilgal variety. 
Pre-Pottery Neolithic A (PPNA) baked clay objects were discovered at Gilgal I, most of them figurines and symbolic artifacts. As some of the earliest ceramic findings in the Levant, they are of interest to archaeologists for their artistic, stylistic, symbolic and technological characteristics. 
The Moreshet Foundation Israel (MHF Israel) is developing the Gilgal Education Center in the Jordan Valley, a center open to the public that will highlight the importance of this archaeological site.

</doc>
<doc id="30966542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966542" title="Journal of the Kansas Entomological Society">
Journal of the Kansas Entomological Society

The Journal of the Kansas Entomological Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Kansas Entomological Society. The journal has a 2009 impact factor of 0.607.

</doc>
<doc id="30966610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966610" title="Arizona Agribusiness and Equine Center">
Arizona Agribusiness and Equine Center

The Arizona Agribusiness and Equine Center is a chain of public charter high schools that focus on agricultural businesses. The schools are located on college campuses in collaboration with Maricopa County Community College District and Yavapai Community College. The system was founded in 1997 with the South Mountain campus.

</doc>
<doc id="30966625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966625" title="Christian Heritage School (Longview, Texas)">
Christian Heritage School (Longview, Texas)

Christian Heritage School (CHS) is a coeducational private school with Christian affiliations in Longview, Texas. It was founded in 1994 and offers classes from kindergarten to the twelfth grade with an enrollment of approximately 240 students. Its mascot is the Sentinel.
Location.
CHS is located in the state of Texas north of the city of Longview on a 10 acre campus. Facilities include science and computer labs as well as a soccer field and an indoor basketball court.
Academics.
The average staff to student ratio at CHS is approximately 1:7 which is below the United States national and Texas state averages. CHS offers multiple College Board Advanced Placement (AP) courses and has had a large number of students receive National Merit honors percentage-wise compared to other schools in the area.
Extra-curricular activities.
CHS offers basketball, soccer, volleyball, track and golf as well as choir and strings.
Soccer.
In 2012 CHS was the TAPPS (Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools) 2A state champion in soccer. CHS was also a state soccer finalist in 2009 and again in 2010. In 2010, CHS had three players chosen for the TAPPS Fall Soccer All-State first team.
Golf.
The CHS golf team of 6; Kade Keith, Colton Greene, Jordan McAlister, Tim Slivensky, Maggie Land, Michael Bartlemay; has held the State Title from 2008-2010.
Affiliations.
CHS a non-denominational, Christian school. It is affiliated with the National Association of Private Schools (NAPS) and is a member of the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI).

</doc>
<doc id="30966640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966640" title="Customs duties in the United States">
Customs duties in the United States

The United States imposes tariffs (customs duties) on imports of goods. The duty is levied at the time of import and is paid by the importer of record. Customs duties vary by country of origin and product. Goods from many countries are exempt from duty under various trade agreements. Certain types of goods are exempt from duty regardless of source. Customs rules differ from other import restrictions. Failure to properly comply with customs rules can result in seizure of goods and criminal penalties against involved parties. United States Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) enforces customs rules.
Import of goods.
Goods may be imported to the United States subject to import restrictions. Importers of goods may be subject to tax (“customs duty” or “tariff”) on the imported value of the goods. “Imported goods are not legally entered until after the shipment has arrived within the port of entry, delivery of the merchandise has been authorized by CBP, and estimated duties have been paid.” Importation and declaration and payment of customs duties is done by the importer of record, which may be the owner of the goods, the purchaser, or a licensed customs broker. Goods may be stored in a bonded warehouse or a Foreign-Trade Zone in the United States for up to five years without payment of duties.
Goods must be declared for entry into the U.S. within 15 days of arrival or prior to leaving a bonded warehouse or foreign trade zone. The importer of record declares the transaction value of the goods and country of origin, along with other information. The declarations must include an invoice and packing list (or equivalent) listing all goods. CBP then assesses duty, which must be paid by the importer of record before goods can be released. Many importers participate in a voluntary self-assessment program with CBP. Special rules apply to goods imported by mail.
All goods imported into the United States are subject to inspection by CBP.
Some goods may be temporarily imported to the United States under a system similar to the ATA Carnet system. Examples include laptop computers used by persons traveling in the U.S. and samples used by salesmen.
Origin.
Rates of tax on transaction values vary by country of origin. Goods must be individually labeled to indicate country of origin, with exceptions for specific types of goods. Rules of origin are used to determine the country of origin. Goods are considered to originate in the country with the highest rate of duties for the particular goods unless the goods meet certain minimum content requirements. These minimum content requirements may vary under certain trade agreements or special arrangements. Reduced rates of duty apply under these agreements and arrangements for certain classes or subclasses of goods in certain circumstances. Extensive modifications to normal duties and classifications apply to goods originating in Canada or Mexico under the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Classification.
All goods that are not exempt are subject to duty computed according to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule for the United States. The Harmonized Tariff Schedule provides the applicable tariff rates and statistical categories for all merchandise imported into the United States. This lengthy schedule provides rates of duty for each class of goods. Most goods are classified based on the nature of the goods, though some classifications are based on use.
Duty rate.
Customs duty rates may be expressed as a percentage of value or dollars and cents per unit. Rates based on value vary from zero to 20% in the 2011 schedule. Rates may be based on relevant units for the particular type of goods (per ton, per kilogram, per square meter, etc.). Some duties are based in part on value and in part on quantity. The United States applies a Customs tariff that is among the lowest in the world : 3% on average.
Where goods subject to different rates of duty are commingled, the entire shipment may be taxed at the highest applicable duty rate.
Exemptions.
Many categories of goods are subject to zero customs duty. Such goods must still be declared. Some goods and goods from some countries are exempt from duty. These reductions of duty are based on classification and origin.
Procedures.
Imported goods are generally accompanied by a bill of lading or air waybill describing the goods. For purposes of customs duty assessment, they must also be accompanied by an invoice documenting the transaction value. The goods on the bill of lading and invoice are classified and duty is computed by the importer or CBP. The amount of this duty is payable immediately, and must be paid before the goods can be imported. Most assessments of goods are now done by the importer and documentation filed with CBP electronically.
After duties have been paid, CBP approves the goods for import. They can then be removed from the port of entry, bonded warehouse, or Free-Trade Zone.
After duty has been paid on particular goods, the importer can seek a refund of duties if the goods are exported without substantial modification. The process of claiming a refund is known as duty drawback.
Penalties.
Certain civil penalties apply for failures to follow CBP rules and pay duty. In addition, goods of persons subject to such penalties may be seized and sold by CBP. In addition, criminal penalties may apply for certain offenses. Criminal penalties may be as high as twice the value of the goods plus twenty years in jail.
Foreign-Trade Zones.
Foreign-trade Zones are secure areas physically in the United States but legally outside the customs territory of the United States. Goods in a Foreign-Trade Zone are not considered imported to the United States until they leave the zone. Foreign goods may be used to manufacture other goods within the zone for export without payment of customs duties. Zones are limited in scope and operation based on approval of the Foreign-Trade Zones Board. Zones are generally near ports of entry, and may be within the warehouse of an importer.

</doc>
<doc id="30966641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966641" title="Abdelaziz Ben Dhia">
Abdelaziz Ben Dhia

Abdelaziz Ben Dhia served as the Tunisian Special Adviser to the President and Spokesman of the Republic under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="30966647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966647" title="Max C. Chapman">
Max C. Chapman

Max Carrol Chapman Jr. was the President and CEO of Kidder, Peabody & Co., the investment banking and broker-dealer subsidiary of the parent, Kidder, Peabody Group, Inc. He also served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the parent company.
Early life and career.
Chapman obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1966 and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School in 1969. Following graduation from business school, he joined Kidder, Peabody, & Co. There, he founded the Financial Futures Department and co-founded the High-Yield Bond and Merchant Banking Group. In 1987 he was elected as the President and CEO of Kidder, Peabody & Co., the investment banking and broker-dealer subsidiary of the parent, Kidder, Peabody Group, Inc. At the same time, he was also elected as President and Chief Operating Officer of the parent company.
In 1989, he joined Nomura Securities, where he served as the Chairman of Nomura Holding America Inc., Managing Director of the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd., and Chairman of Nomura Europe Holding plc.
Philanthropy.
Chapman donated $5 million to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to build a new building.

</doc>
<doc id="30966652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966652" title="Tammy Jean-Jacques">
Tammy Jean-Jacques

Tammy Jean-Jacques is a Dominican politician in the Labour Party. She has served in the House of Assembly since 2010.
Following the Labour Party's victory in the 2009 general election, Jean-Jacques was appointed a Senator by Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit and sworn in on 3 February 2010. She was only 25 at the time of her appointment. She subsequently became Treasurer of the Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="30966663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966663" title="Viaje infinito">
Viaje infinito

Viaje infinito () is the fourth album by Chilean singer Nicole. It was released in May, 2002, in the USA, but also was released in June, 2002, in Chile, her native country.

</doc>
<doc id="30966668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966668" title="Alexander Ivanovich Galich">
Alexander Ivanovich Galich

Alexander Ivanovich Galich (; 1783 – 1848) was a Russian teacher, philosopher, and writer.
Galich was a teacher of Latin and Russian literature at the German Saint Peter's School (Petrischule) in St. Petersburg, a professor at St. Petersburg University, a teacher of Alexander Pushkin, and a writer and philosopher who was one of the first followers of the German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling in Russia.
Life.
Galich was born as Alexander Ivanovich Govorov in 1783 into the family of a deacon in Trubchevsk in Bryansk Oblast. From 1793–1803 he studied at Sevsk Theological Seminary. He then entered the St. Petersburg Teacher's Seminary, which in 1804 was renamed to Main Pedagogical Institute. Here he changed his surname to "Galich" (before that he had once changed it to "Nikiforov").
In 1808, he went to study at the University of Helmstedt and the University of Göttingen in Germany. In 1813, he defended his thesis at the Department of Philosophy of the St. Petersburg State Pedagogical Institute.
From 1814–1818 Galich taught at the Petrischule, the Tsarskoe Selo Lyceum, and the Main Teacher's College. In 1819, the Main Teacher's College was reorganized as St. Petersburg University, and Galich was the first member of the Faculty of Philosophy.
From 1818–1819, Galich published "A History of Philosophical Systems" in two volumes, compiled on the basis of German works by Sacher, Ast, Tenneman, and other German philosophers, and ending with an essay on the philosophical exposition of Schelling.
Shortly thereafter, charges were instituted against Galich and three other professors of impiety and revolutionary designs. In 1837, Galich, accused of freethinking, was laid off from St. Petersburg University. However, in the same year, he obtained a position in the Department of Archives.
In spite of his career problems, Galich continued to write and publish. His "Encyclopedia of Philosophy" (1845) was one of Russia's first philosophical reference works.
Most significant and broad in scope were two of his later works: "Universal Rights" and the "Philosophy of Human History". However, ill fortune did not abandon Galich: as soon as he had completed these works, they were destroyed in an accidental fire. Unable to survive this loss, Galich became ill and died in 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="30966678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966678" title="Beth Couture">
Beth Couture

Beth Couture (born July 27, 1962) was the head women's basketball coach at Butler University. From her first season at Butler in 2002–2003 through the 2011–2012 season, she compiled a 161–144 record including three consecutive WNIT appearances and four consecutive 20-win seasons, including a 23–10 mark in 2010, the most wins in team history. In 2007, Couture's contract at Butler was extended through the 2011–12 season.
Coaching history.
Beth Couture began coaching on the collegiate level when she became the head volleyball coach at Presbyterian College in 1987. Between 1987 and 1994, she obtained a record of 233–50, was named SAC Volleyball coach of the year three times, and guided the Blue Hose volleyball team to three national tournaments, including the school’s first-ever NCAA postseason appearance in 1993.
In addition to volleyball, Couture coached women's basketball on the collegiate level beginning in 1987, spending two seasons as an assistant at Presbyterian College from 1987 to 1989, arriving after three years at as the head coach at Dixie High School in Due West, South Carolina, where she posted a 49–28 record. She was first named head coach for the 1989–90 season at Presbyterian. After thirteen seasons, Couture compiled a 258–117 (.688) overall record, including eight 20-win seasons. In addition, she led the program to the NCAA Division II national tournament six times in her final nine years. Further, Couture served as an assistant director of athletics from 1993–2002, until taking her current position at Butler.
Couture also holds the Beth Couture Basketball Camp each summer at Butler University.
Personal life and education.
Originally from Greenville, SC, Couture was a four-time women's basketball MVP at Erskine College, where she graduated in 1984. She was also selected as a Kodak All-American honoree as a senior and was inducted into the Erskine College Hall of Fame in December 1989. After earning her bachelor's degree in Physical Education at Erskine, Couture earned her master’s degree in the same field at Furman University in 1987.
During Butler's most successful women's basketball season to date in 2009–10, Couture battled breast cancer, eventually entering radiation therapy following a mastectomy after undergoing chemotherapy. She was diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer in April 2009. Since entering remission in 2010, Couture is one of the Indianapolis community's leaders in the fight against the disease, participating in several breast cancer awareness events. She walked 38 miles over a two-day span for St. Vincent's Weekend to End Breast Cancer, was the 2011 honorary chairwoman for the St. Vincent Woman of Hope group, and was named a 2010 Woman of Distinction by Butler University. During the men's NCAA Final Four in 2010, she and Butler Men's Basketball Coach Brad Stevens attended the annual Coaches vs. Cancer dinner together. In September 2010, Couture and the Butler women's basketball team raised $7,145 for breast cancer research and Couture walked 38 miles over a two day span as part of Saint Vincent's Weekend to End Breast Cancer. In addition, the women's basketball team has worn pink uniforms to raise breast cancer awareness.

</doc>
<doc id="30966686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966686" title="Lorene Cary">
Lorene Cary

Lorene Cary (born 1956, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American author, educator, and social activist.
Biography.
Cary grew up in a working-class neighborhood in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In 1972, she was invited to the elite St. Paul's boarding school in New Hampshire, on scholarship, entering in St. Paul's second year of co-education as one of the less than ten African-American female students. She spent two years at St. Paul's, graduating in 1974. She earned an undergraduate degree and her MA from the University of Pennsylvania in 1978.
She was awarded a Thouron Fellowship, enabling her to study at the Sussex University in the United Kingdom, where she received an MA in Victorian literature.
After finishing college, Cary worked in publishing for several magazines, including "Time", "TV Guide", and "Newsweek." She also worked as a freelance writer for "Essence," "American Visions," "Mirabella," "Obsidian," and the "Philadelphia Inquirer." In 1982, Cary returned to St. Paul's as a teacher. She is currently a senior lecturer in creative writing at the University of Pennsylvania.
Literary career.
After writing a 1988 article about her experience at St. Paul's, she published a longer memoir, "Black Ice", which was published in 1991 by Alfred A. Knopf. Phillip Lopate, reviewing the book for "The New York Times" called it a "stunning memoir". The book, "bruisingly honest about class, race and sex in America", found success with the critics and was shortlisted the same year by "The New York Times" as "summer reading." Her first book, it was published in paperback the next year by Vintage Books.
In 1995, Cary published her first novel, "The Price of a Child". It is based on the escape of Jane Johnson, a slave from North Carolina who escaped to freedom with her two sons while briefly in Philadelphia with her master and his family.
Set in 1855, the novel tells the story of Ginnie Pryor, a slave from a Virginia plantation who is bought by the US Ambassador to Nicaragua. En route with her new owner to New York City, for their voyage to South America, she escapes via the Underground Railroad and works to build a new life in Philadelphia. Fernanda Eberstadt, reviewing the novel in "The New York Times", commented that Cary "is a powerful storyteller, frankly sensual, mortally funny, gifted with an ear for the pounce and ragged inconsequentiality of real speech and an eye for the shifts and subterfuges by which ordinary people get by".
In 1998, Cary published a second novel, "Pride", which explores the experiences of four contemporary black middle-class women.
Cary’s first Young Adult book, "FREE!," was a collection of non-fiction accounts related to the Underground Railroad, and published by Third World Press/New City Press in 2005. Cary said she believe these twelve stories of daring escapes "allow our 21st-century minds to imagine actively the inner lives of enslaved people – and put ourselves in their places, not with shame, but compassion and respect."
Cary wrote the script for the videos of "The President's House: Freedom and Slavery in the Making of a New Nation," a 2010 exhibition in The President's House in Philadelphia.
On April 19, Cary published her third novel "If Sons, Then Heirs". It is a contemporary story of family, race, and the challenges of reconciling the present with a persistent past. Alonzo Rayne was raised in South Carolina by his great-grandmother, Selma. Now he owns a construction business in Philadelphia and lives with Lillie, a single mom, and her seven-year-old son, Khalil. As the story begins, Alonzo goes to South Carolina to urge the aging Selma to sell her land, in order to pay for her long-term care. But she hasn't owned the land since King, her husband, died almost 50 years before. Selma was King's second wife, not an heir. Racist inheritance laws also left her dispossessed. Alonzo's mother contacts him, wanting to reconnect years after having abandoned him. Her marriage to a white man has turned her life around. Finally, Alonzo's investigation into his great-grandmother's land puts him on a collision course with the men who killed his great-grandfather.
Says Carleen Brice, author of "Orange Mint and Honey" and "Children of the Waters," “Every single character pops off the page in this amazing story. This masterwork of a novel made me laugh and cry out loud. Important, enjoyable, and wonderfully moving. An absolute delight.” 
Art Sanctuary.
In 1998 Cary founded Art Sanctuary, an African-American arts and letters organization devoted to presenting regional and national talent in the literary, visual and performing arts. Art Sanctuary annually hosts an African American arts festival, during which writers discuss their work with up to 1,500–2,000 students, and another 2,000–3,000 people participate in panels, workshops, the basketball tournament, teachers' symposium, Family Pavilion, main stage, and other events.

</doc>
<doc id="30966700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966700" title="Irajá Damiani Pinto">
Irajá Damiani Pinto

Irajá Damiani Pinto, born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, on July 3, 1919 and currently still working with Paleontology.
Biography.
He studied "Ginásio Nossa Senhora do Rosário". Attended the 2nd grade at "Colégio Universitário Estadual Julio de Castilhos". In 1942, he began his studies of "Natural History" in the "Faculty of Philosophy of the then University of Porto Alegre". He graduated BA in 1944. In 1945, even as a student in the undergraduate course, was hired as Assistant Chair of Geology and Paleontology. That year he participated in his first scientific excursion led by Dr. Llewellyn Ivor Price, who contributed much to his scientific orientation. In 1945 he carried out the DNPM, in Rio de Janeiro, with Dr. "Paul Ericksen de Oliveira" and directed by Dr. Llewellyn Ivor Price, and began the library of Geology and Paleontology at the University. In 1957 he helped create the course in geology of UFRGS, one of the first in Brazil.
The genre of cynodont Irajatherium in his honor, in addition to the Museum of Paleontology Irajá Damiani Pinto. Has contributed considerably to the Geopark of Paleorrota.

</doc>
<doc id="30966709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966709" title="Howard Marklein">
Howard Marklein

Howard Marklein (born October 3, 1954) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Madison, Wisconsin, Marklein graduated from the UW-Whitewater in 1976. He is a Republican politician from Wisconsin. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. Raised on a dairy farm in Spring Green, he spent his career working as a Certified Public Accountant. On April 7, 2013 he announced that he would challenge incumbent state senator Dale Schultz in a Republican primary to be held on August 12, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30966717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966717" title="Mike Radja">
Mike Radja

Mike Radja (born March 7, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League. Previously, he played for the Augsburger Panther of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
Playing career.
Radja was raised in Yorkville, Illinois and graduated from Yorkville High School in 2003. Radja played two seasons of junior hockey for the Waterloo Black Hawks of the USHL. While at Waterloo Radja played with his future University of New Hampshire teammate Kevin Regan. Radja scored a key goal in the game which clinched the Black Hawks' victory in the 2004 Clark Cup. 
He attended the University of New Hampshire from 2004 to 2008. In December 2006 he suffered a knee injury which caused him to miss a month of play. He made a quick recovery, however. In 2008 he was suspended for two games after an incident in which he was briefly detained by police while visiting T. J. Oshie after a game against North Dakota. That season proved to be a successful one for Radja, he was selected for the Hockey East All Star team and was the National College Hockey Player of the month in February 2008. 
After leaving UNH, he briefly played for the Syracuse Crunch of the AHL at the end of 2007–08 season. The next year he played in eight games with the Fresno Falcons of the ECHL before spending most of the season with the Rockford IceHogs of the AHL. In the 2009–10 season Radja played in twenty five games in Finland with TPS of the SM-liiga before returning to North America to play for the Syracuse Crunch and Bridgeport Sound Tigers in the AHL. The next year Radja returned to Europe to play for the Augsburger Panther of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. On January 13, 2012 Radja signed with the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30966725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966725" title="Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science">
Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science

Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Kansas Academy of Science. The journal covers biological and physical sciences, mathematics and computer science, history, culture, and philosophy of science, and science education. the journal is abstracted and indexed in The Zoological Record and BIOSIS Previews.

</doc>
<doc id="30966730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966730" title="No. 9 Squadron (Pakistan Air Force)">
No. 9 Squadron (Pakistan Air Force)

No. 9 Squadron, named the Griffins, is a Pakistan Air Force fighter squadron assigned to the No. 38 Multi-Role Wing of the PAF Central Air Command. The squadron is stationed at PAF Base Mushaf, Sargodha. It was the PAF's first fighter squadron, has been commanded by seven Chiefs of Air Staff of the Pakistan Air Force. The squadron crest is a red griffin which symbolises strength, aggressiveness and vigilance. Scrolls around the squadron crest display the battle honours "Sargodha 65" and "Karachi 71". The Griffins are considered as the PAF's most elite unit as well as its most senior.
History.
Background.
No. 9 Squadron was originally raised on 13 November 1943 at Risalpur. The squadron was formed at Lahore on 3 January 1944, equipped with the Hawker Hurricane IIC, by Squadron Leader A.W. Ridler of the Royal Air Force. During this time the squadron was commanded by then Squadron Leader Asghar Khan and deployed in Burma where it was extensively involved in World War II operations against the Japanese, later being awarded the sword of a Japanese general for its services. The squadron was also converted to the Spitfire VIII in 1945, still with then Squadron Leader M. Asghar Khan in command.
First fighter squadron of Pakistan.
In July 1947, then Squadron Leader Asghar Khan was a member of the Air Force Reconstitution Committee and insisted the squadron be transferred to the Royal Pakistan Air Force (RPAF). The squadron was thus established at Peshawar as the RPAF's first fighter squadron, equipped with eight Hawker Tempest fighters and commanded by Squadron Leader M. Ibrahim Khan. The squadron converted to the Hawker Fury in July 1950 and moved to Kohat in November 1956. The unit is believed to have created the first aerobatics team in the sub-continent with the formation of the Red Dragons in 1957. In March 1961 the squadron converted to the F-104 Starfighter.
During the 1965 Indo-Pak War the squadron flew reconnaissance, air defence and fighter escort sorties, during which three Indian Air Force aircraft were shot down. Flight Lieutenant Aftab downed a Dassault Mystere on 6 September which was attacking targets at Rahwali, Flight Lieutenant Amjad H. Khan downed another Mystere on 7 September and Squadron Leader Jamal A. Khan shot down an English Electric Canberra during a night-time interception.
After the 1971 Indo-Pak War started, the squadron was deployed to PAF Base Masroor and flew air defence, reconnaissance, escort and day/night strike missions. Three Indian aircraft, a Folland Gnat and Sukhoi Su-7 of the Indian Air Force and a Breguet Alizé of the Indian Navy, were shot down. Squadron Leader Amjad Khan ejected after being shot down during an attack on an Indian radar. Wing Commander Mervyn Middlecoat and Flight Lieutenant Samad Changezi were killed after being shot down during dogfights with more modern and maneuverable MiG-21 interceptors of the Indian Air Force.
After the F-104 was retired in the early 1970s, the squadron was re-formed in January 1973 at PAF Base Rafiqui, equipped with the newly acquired Dassault Mirage 5 with the role of Tactical Attack. This role was changed on 15 June 1977 to that of an Operational Conversion Unit (OCU) and was moved again to PAF Base Masroor on 31 August 1981. Fifteen conversion courses were completed during this time. In June 1984 the unit was again moved to PAF Base Sargodha (now known as PAF Base Mushaf), re-equipped with the F-16 Fighting Falcon and re-tasked as a Multi-Role squadron. After the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 there were many border violations by Russian and Afghan aircraft, three of which were shot down by No. 9 Squadron pilots. Two Sukhoi Su-22 fighters were downed on 17 May 1986 by Squadron Leader Mohammed Yousaf near Parachinar and an Antonov An-26 was downed by Squadron Leader Sikander Hayat on 30 March 1987. The Thomson-CSF ATLIS II laser designator pod was installed on No. 9 Squadron's F-16s from 1987 onwards to allow them to deliver laser-guided bombs.
On 27 May 1998, No. 9 squadron was deployed at short notice to PAF Base Samungli to provide air defence for Pakistan's nuclear infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="30966732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966732" title="2012 Liga Indonesia First Division (BLAI)">
2012 Liga Indonesia First Division (BLAI)

The 2012 Liga Indonesia First Division season (Indonesian: "Divisi Satu Liga Indonesia 2012") is the seventeenth edition of Liga Indonesia First Division. 
The competition starts on 31 March 2012 in Tulungagung and scheduled to finish by July 2012.
First stage.
Total 56 clubs will participate in this season, divided into 12 groups. Some result in this stage is unknown.
Group winner and runner-up qualify for 2nd round.
Group 1: 
All match played in Banda Aceh
Group 2: 
All match played in Asahan Regency
Group 3: 
All match played in Bungo Regency
Group 4: 
All match played in East Jakarta
Group 5: 
All match played in Banyumas Regency
Group 6: 
All match played in Kridosono Stadium, Blora Regency
Group 7: 
All match played in Tulungagung Regency
Group 8: 
All match played in Bangkalan Regency
Group 9: 
All match played in Pasuruan
Group 10: 
All match played in Penajam
Group 11: 
All match played in Tomohon
Group 12: 
All match played in Fakfak Regency
Second stage.
Total 24 clubs will participate in this stage, divided into 6 groups. All result in this stage is unknown.
Third stage.
Total 12 clubs will participate in this stage, divided into 2 groups. Group winner and runner-up advences to Semifinal. Ranking 1 to 4 in each group promotion to 2013 Premier Division.
All match played in Krakatau Steel Stadium in Cilegon
Knockout stage.
The knockout stage of 2012 Liga Indonesia First Division (BLAI) is scheduled to begin on 10 July 2012 and to be completed on 13 July 2012 with the final at the Krakatau Steel Stadium in Cilegon.

</doc>
<doc id="30966733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966733" title="Orris E. Kelly">
Orris E. Kelly

Chaplain (Major General) Orris Eugene Kelly, USA (born July 28, 1926) is a retired American Army officer who served as the 14th Chief of Chaplains of the United States Army from 1975 to 1979.
Early life.
Kelly was born in 1926 in the small town of Montrose, Kansas to Herman Albertus Kelly a decedent of the Dudley-Winthrop Family of Massachusetts fame and Theodora Viola Pacaková an ethnic Bohemian immigrant from the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
He attended elementary and high school in Montrose.
World War II.
In January 1944 he entered the Army Specialized Training Program to attend the University of Kansas where he hoped to become a civil engineer. In August 1944 he was sent to basic training at Camp Fannin, Texas and then to Officer Candidate School at Fort Benning, Georgia. He was commissioned a second lieutenant, Infantry, Class 452, on May 29, 1945.
He served at Camp Shelby, Mississippi; Fort Hood, Texas; Camp Callan, California; Camp San Luis Obispo, California; and in Army of Occupation in Germany.
His experience in the ruins of Dresden as an officer in the Military Police made him turn his hope of becoming into an Engineer into becoming a Chaplain. He separated from the service in 1946 as a first lieutenant to resume college.
Interwar years.
Reverend Kelly completed his AB degree at Kansas Wesleyan University, Salina, Kansas in 1950 and graduated with a Bachelor of Divinity degree from the Garrett Theological Seminary, Evanston, Illinois in 1953. He was ordained as a Methodist Clergyman in June 1953.
Second Military Tour.
Immediately after ordination, he entered on active duty at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri. He served with the 398th Engineer Construction Battalion as housing area pastor during his first year.
In 1954 he was assigned to the 8th Cavalry Regiment of the First Cavalry Division in Japan for 3 years, where he adopted several Japanese orphans along with his wife Phyllis Goodenow-Kelly.
After returning to the states Reverend Kelly was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas from 1957 to 1961. During this period he attended the Associate Command and General Staff College, graduating in 1959.
In 1961 he was assigned to an overseas replacement battle group and transferred to the Seventh Infantry Division in Korea
From 1962 to 1966 he served on the staff of the US Army Chaplain School, Fort Hamilton, New York.
During the period of 1966 to 1969 he was assigned as Director, US Forces Religious Retreat Center, Berchtesgaden, Germany.
In 1969 he was transferred to Vietnam in July to serve as Division Chaplain of the Fourth Infantry Division at Pleiku and An Khe.
Reverend Kelly joined the staff of the Office Chief of Chaplains in 1970, serving first as an action officer in Plans, Programs and Policies Directorate, and later as Director.
In 1972, he was selected to attend the Army War College, the highest level of military education in the Department of the Army. Concurrent with his studies at the War College, he received a Master of Science degree in Counseling from Shippensburg State College, Shippensburg, Pennsylvania.
Returning to Washington in 1973, he was assigned to the Office of the Chief of Chaplains as Executive Officer, which position he held until July 31, 1975. 
On April 7, 1975, Reverend Kelly was nominated by President Ford for the appointment as Chief of Chaplains, Department of the Army, with promotion from the rank of Lieutenant Colonel to Major General. The Senate confirmed the nomination on the April 29, 1975, and promotion ceremonies were conducted on the August 1, 1975 by General Walter T. Kerwin, Jr., Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army.
Reverend Kelly retired from the Army on July 1, 1979.
Post-army life.
On August 1, 1979 he assumed the position of Associate General Secretary for the Division of Chaplains and Related Ministries. This is an organization part of the Board of Higher Education and Ministry of the United Methodist Church
During his association with DCRM, he became acquainted with the President of the Hospital Corporation of America who asked him to become the Vice President of Pastoral Service with the responsibility for developing pastoral care programs in the 480 hospital HCA system. He assumed this position in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="30966735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966735" title="Thomas Bentley (disambiguation)">
Thomas Bentley (disambiguation)

Thomas Bentley (1880–1950) was a British film director.
Thomas Bentley may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30966745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966745" title="Crater Peak (Colorado)">
Crater Peak (Colorado)

Crater Peak, elevation , is the highest point on Grand Mesa in western Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="30966748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966748" title="Johan Host Herkimer">
Johan Host Herkimer

Johan Jost Herkimer was born in 1732, the second of five sons of Johan Host Herkimer and Catherine Herkimer of German Flatts, New York. He was the younger brother of the American Patriot General Nicholas Herkimer.
Loyalist.
Like his brother Nicholas, Johan was an established landowner and an officer in the Tryon County militia. Unlike his brother, he decided to stand for the British King when the American War of Independence broke out. This was no frivolous decision. It alienated him from his elder brother Nicholas who sided with the new Continental Congress and he was sorely tested by social ostracism. Johan spent time in patriot jails between 1775 and 1777 and was subjected to house arrest. In March 1777 he managed to escape and made his way to Fort Niagara. His popularity with the Indians and his knowledge of native customs resulted in his being attached to the Indian Department with the rank of Captain.
St. Leger's Expedition.
In the summer of 1777 he returned to New York as part of St. Leger's expedition under the command of General Barry St. Leger. He participated in the expedition as overseer of boats, and he and Captain Rouville of the Canadians successfully broke up the Patriots’ blockade of Wood Creek. He was also present at the siege of Fort Stanwix and the battle of Oriskany on 6 August 1777 where the British and their Mohawk allies ambushed American forces on their way to relieve Fort Stanwix. His Brother, Nicholas, was severely wounded at this battle as he commanded the American Militia and died ten days later.
Refugee in Canada.
Johan Host Herkimer lived to see several more years and found permanent refuge in Canada. His wife, Mary, applied for permission to join him in his new country but New York Governor George Clinton refused, saying that no Loyalist women or children would be permitted to leave until the captives taken by Butler and Brant in their raids had been returned. The New York Legislature passed laws in October 1779 confiscating the property of Loyalists. Johan Jost Herkimer was through a Bill of Attainder declared a traitor and his lands declared forfeited to the state. He was banished from New York on pain of death.
In February 1780, at the command of the governor of Quebec, General Frederick Haldimand, Herkimer served as boat-master in the Commissariat at Coteau-du-Lac, Quebec, providing stores and supplies for the British Army posts. Despite an inauspicious start, where he hired the wrong people for the job and allegedly spoke too familiarly with an American prisoner regarding affairs of state, it was reported that he rendered good service.
A Permanent Life in Canada.
Captain Herkimer and his family settled at Cataraqui (modern Kingston, Ontario) in the mid-1780s. For his service to the Crown he was granted an estate of 3,450 acres. The rest of his days were spent in prosperity and peace and he and Mary had seven children.. His four sons were George, Lawrence, Nicholas, and Jacob; and his three daughters were Mary, Jane and Catharine. He died in Kingston in 1795; his wife Mary died ten years later.
Legacy.
Today, Herkimer Street in Hamilton, Ontario bears his family name. This came about when his daughter Mary married Robert Hamilton of Queenston and thereby became the stepmother of John George Hamilton, the founder of the city of Hamilton, Ontario. When George Hamilton was building the city that bears his name in the early 1800s, he named one of the new streets Herkimer Street in her honor. Thus the Herkimer name lives on in Johan Host Herkimer’s adopted home of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="30966769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966769" title="Zouheir M'Dhaffar">
Zouheir M'Dhaffar

Zouheir M'Dhaffar served as the Tunisian Minister of Public Property and Real Estate Affairs under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali from January 2010 to January 2011.
Biography.
Zouheir M'Dhaffar was born on December 20, 1948 in Sfax, Tunisia. He holds a PhD and the agrégation. He taught Law and Political Science, and was involved with the Constitutional Democratic Rally. He was a founding member of the Académie Internationale de Droit Constitutionnel, and he was also involved with the Arab Maghreb Union.
In January 2010, he was appointed as Minisiter of Public Property and Real Estate Affairs. He resigned in January 2011, in the aftermath of the 2010–2011 Tunisian revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="30966790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966790" title="Guadalupe Regional High School">
Guadalupe Regional High School

Guadalupe Regional High School, also known as Guadalupe Satellite at Compadre High School during its final year, was a small high school in Guadalupe, Arizona. It was run by the Tempe Union High School District after it was turned over by the Maricopa County Regional School District in 2006 for financial reasons.
The school, after this move, lost 35 students to bring it down to an enrollment of just 25:
Because of this, the Tempe Union High School District began to consider closure of the school. forced the closure of the school, which had shrunk even further to 16 students. Of those 16, four graduated after summer school, two moved to Marcos, and ten moved to Compadre itself.
It was located at a Boys and Girls Club facility in Guadalupe.

</doc>
<doc id="30966801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966801" title="New York tugboats">
New York tugboats

The tugboat is one symbol of New York. Along with its more
famous icons of Lady Liberty, the Empire State Building, and
the Brooklyn Bridge, the sturdy little tugs, once all steam powered,
working quietly in the harbor became a sight in the city.
The first hull was the paddler tug Rufus W. King of 1828.
New York Harbor at the confluence of the East River, Hudson River, and Atlantic Ocean is among the world's largest natural harbors and was chosen in the 17th century as the site of New Amsterdam for its potential as a port. The completion of the Erie Canal in 1825 to the upper Hudson River ensured that New York would be the center of trade for the Eastern Seaboard, and as a result, the city boomed. At the port's peak in the period of 1900-1950, ships moved millions of tons of freight, immigrants, millionaires, and GI service men serving in wars.
Sheparding the traffic around the harbor were hundreds of tugs—over 700 steam tugs worked the harbor in 1929. Firms such as McAllister, and Moran Tugs came into the business. Cornelius Vanderbilt started his empire with a sailboat and went on to greatness with the New York Central Railroad, incidentally owning many tugs.
After the American Civil War, New York became a focal point of railroads including the Erie, Pennsylvania, B & O, Lackawanna, and Long Island. New York's geography, with Manhattan separated from the main part of the continent by the large Hudson River, presented a problem. Ferries took people over to the New Jersey side to board westbound trains. Freight was a more difficult problem which was solved by the car float, or car barge which would take loaded boxcars into town for unloading at freight sheds. Each railroad had its own freight sheds. Over 600,000 railcars were moved around the port annually. 19th century pictures of New York show the island bristling with hundreds of piers. Freight was manually unloaded from the boxcars, still on the barge, and wheeled by dolly across ramps onto the freight shed.
To move the large number of barges, steam tugs were used. Each railway had dozens of tugs and the harbor was a hive of activity. New York was also a busy international port with large ocean ships docking, which needed 'ship assist' tugs to aid in berthing. A ship as large as the RMS Queen Mary needed many tugs. Passenger ferries to Brooklyn, New Jersey, Staten Island and Long Island, however, didn't need tugs.
The Port of New York was really eleven ports in one. It boasted a developed shoreline of over comprising the waterfronts of Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx, and Staten Island as well as the New Jersey shoreline from Perth Amboy to Elizabeth, Bayonne, Newark, Jersey City, Hoboken and Weehawken. The Port of New York included some 1,800 docks, piers, and wharves of every conceivable size, condition, and state of repair. Some 750 were classified as "active" and 200 were able to berth 425 ocean-going vessels simultaneously in addition to the 600 able to anchor in the harbor. These docks and piers gave access to 1,100 warehouses containing some of inclosed storage space.
In addition, the Port of New York had thirty-nine active shipyards, not including the huge New York Naval Shipyard on the Brooklyn side of the East River. These facilities included nine big ship repair yards, thirty-six large dry-docks, twenty-five small shipyards, thirty-three locomotive and gantry cranes of fifty ton lift capacity or greater, five floating derricks, and more than one hundred tractor cranes. Over 575 tugboats worked the Port of New York.
The Brooklyn Navy Yard had its own fleet of tugs to handle it own products as well as dozens of other naval vessels visiting the harbor. The New York City Department of Sanitation had tugs to move trash—city garbarge was collected by carts and loaded on slips onto barges, from there it was towed several miles out to sea and dumped into the Atlantic Ocean. Later it was moved to garbage dumps, the last largest being the Fresh Kills Landfill in Staten Island.
Tugs were involved in several incidents in the harbor including the Black Tom explosion where German saboteurs blew up an ammunition pier in 1916; and another, in 1943, when a munition ship SS El Estero caught fire in the harbor with almost 1400 tons of TNT aboard. German U-boats prowled near the harbor of New York (U-123), and the USS Turner sank after an internal explosion in January 1944. Over the years there were many marine boiler explosion including the ferry Westfield in 1871.
In 1946 a tugboat strike seriously impaired the operations of the port.
New York City developed its own style of tugboat. The vessels had tall, narrow houses, with high pilothouses to aid in seeing over the tops of railroad boxcars on carfloat barges towed alongside "on the hip". Machinery was unique among marine steam engines in that many compound steam engines were non-condensing and exhausted to the air. The New York Central tug 16 had a single-cylinder non-condensing engine. Old films of the harbor exhibit puffs of steam as the tugs make their journey. This feature was unique in tug marine architecture. Hulls were usually iron or steel and boilers were fired with Appalachian anthracite coal.
In the last half of the 20th century, trade moved to cars, trucks and airplanes. The Port Authority hastened this end by putting a tariff on barge traffic after the war. Railroads went bankrupt, new tugboats used diesel engines, and not one of the hundreds of New York City steam tugs built still serve the harbor.

</doc>
<doc id="30966807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966807" title="Mohammed Hameeduddin">
Mohammed Hameeduddin

Mohammed Hameeduddin (born c. 1973) is the Mayor of Teaneck, New Jersey, United States. He was elected on July 1, 2010, in a 5-2 vote by the non-partisan township council. The son of immigrants from Hyderabad, India, Hameeduddin is the first Muslim-American to be elected mayor in Bergen County, and one of a few Muslims to hold the office of mayor in the United States.
The township's deputy mayor, Adam Gussen, an Orthodox Jew, had attended primary school, Teaneck High School and Rutgers University with Hameeduddin. 
Hameeduddin told the "New Jersey Jewish News" the pair first met in middle school, in grade six, when they were both sent to their school's principal's office for different infractions.
His election sparked media attention to the diversity of Teaneck's population.
Hameeduddin had been Teaneck's first Muslim councilmember when he was elected to a four-year term on the Township Council in 2008.
On May 8, 2012, Hameeduddin was re-elected as Mayor of Teaneck with 4,374 votes.
Scholars and journalists have chosen to quote and comment on Hameeduddin's term as mayor.
During the summer of 2010 the conversion of a building in Manhattan to a mosque triggered controversy for some Americans, because it was less than a mile from the site where the World Trade Center towers had been brought down, with great loss of life, by hijacked airliners piloted by Muslim extremists.
On August 16, 2010, Gwen Ifill of the PBS Newshour tried to moderate a discussion between Hameeduddin and Rick Lazio a former member of the US Congress and candidate for Governor of New York, overr the ""Ground Zero Mosque"".
The discussion grew acrimonious, very acrimonious by PBS standards, and Ifill felt she should write about how the acrimonious discussion escaped her control to moderate the next day.
Australian scholars, comparing how American television and Australian television marked the tenth anniversary of al Qaeda's attack of 9-11, chose to quote Hameeduddin.
Hameeduddin's comment was originally broadcast on the Seven Network as a response to anti-Muslim retaliations:
Tina Susman, reporting in the "Los Angeles Times" also chose to quote Hameeduddin, in its coverage of the Ground Zero Mosque controversy.
She noted how he described how some politicians focussed on Muslims, when ""looking for a wedge issue.""
She also noted the high regard his Jewish colleagues apparently felt for him, quoting Elie Y. Katz, who joked Hameeduddin encouraged him to be a better Jew, when he knew Katz was missing attending synagogue.
Hameeduddin was included in a list of prominent Muslim office-holders in ""Sons of Abraham: A Candid Conversation about the Issues That Divide and Unite Jews and Muslims"".
The other six individuals offered as examples were Congressional Representatives or Presidential appointees.
In ""Uncle Swamy"" Vijay Prashad described the struggles individuals of South Asian ethnic heritage have engaged in to be accepted more fully into the mainstream of American life.
He praised Teaneck city council for passing a ""far-sighted anti-bias resolution"" under Hameeduddin's leadership.
In December 2011 "CBS News" quoted Hameeduddin in a report about a general problem in New Jersey.
Hameeduddin told Levon Putney that in 2008 five deputy fire chiefs retired, telling the city they were each owed a substantial payout for unused sick-pay. He said that the officials had been trusted to keep track of their own sick-pay. Teaneck closed this loophole for its own officials. But in 2011 New Jersey Governor Chris Christie called for an end to local officials keeping track of their own sick pay.
In March 2013 Hameedudin was chasen to appear in a panel at the Wilson Center, entitled ""American Muslim Local Officials: Challenges and Opportunities"".
Hameeduddin participated as one of three Muslim celebrity judges during the "Crescent Foods Cooking Challenge" at the "Sameer's Eats Halal Food Tour" in July 2013. Four cooking teams were challenged to prepare a halal meal with mystery ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="30966809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966809" title="Jeremy Thiesfeldt">
Jeremy Thiesfeldt

Jeremy Thiesfeldt (born November 22, 1966) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, Thiesfeldt graduated from Martin Luther College in 1989. He served on the Fond du Lac city council from 2005 to 2010, and was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30966832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966832" title="USS SC-49">
USS SC-49

USS "SC-49", prior to July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 49" and USS "S.C. 49", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-49" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard in Brooklyn, New York, and was commissioned on 27 March 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 49" , abberviated at the time as USS "S.C. 49".
On 26 April 1919, 26 sailors who had traveled as passengers from Cardiff, Wales, and arrived the previous evening at New York City aboard the cargo ship transferred from "Bellingham" to "S.C. 49" while "Bellingham" was at anchor off Tompkinsville, Staten Island.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 49" was classified as SC-49 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-49".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-49" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="30966846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966846" title="Alvin Bernard">
Alvin Bernard

Alvin Bernard (born October 1955) is a Dominican economist and politician in the Dominica Labour Party. He has served in the House of Assembly since 2010.
Bernard was born in Roseau, Dominica's capital, in October 1955. He graduated from the University of Wales and the University of East Anglia. He worked as an economist in the Dominican Ministry of Finance for 23 years, in the positions of Project Analyst, Economist, and Social Development Planner. He contested the Roseau Central constituency on the Labour Party ticket in the 2009 general election. He lost to the incumbent, Norris Prevost of the opposition United Workers Party, on 18 December 2009, by the narrow margin of 836 votes to Prevost's 839 votes. He was then appointed by Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit to serve as a senator in the House of Assembly, and was sworn in on 4 January 2010. He also serves as the Minister of State in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="30966887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966887" title="Richard Townsend (sportsman)">
Richard Townsend (sportsman)

Richard James Bruce Townsend (12 August 1886 – 17 January 1960) was an Australian sportsman who represented South Australia in both
Australian rules football and cricket. He played for Norwood in the South Australian Football League (SAFL) and Sheffield Shield cricket for the South Australian cricket team.
Townsend was in his mid 30s when he established a spot for himself in the state cricket team, by which time his football career had ended. He had been one of the best pre-war players in the SAFL, playing in Norwood's 1904 and 1907 premiership sides. An interstate representative at the 1908 Melbourne Carnival, Townsend had one of his best league seasons in 1909 when he topped the SAFL goal-kicking list. In 1911 he was Norwood's leading goal-kicker for the second time and in 1912 he won their "Best and Fairest" award. He continued playing after the war, by which time he was a veteran of the club and was rewarded with the captaincy in 1920, his final season. Norwood made it all the way to the grand final that year but lost to North Adelaide.
With his football career almost over, Townsend was recalled to the South Australian cricket team in 1918/19, after an eleven-year gap between appearances. He had previously, in 1907/08, played a Sheffield Shield match, where he didn't bowl yet batted far down the order at nine. His role this time was more clear and in his return match, against Victoria, he took 5-27 in the their second innings and opening the batting in the first. 
Although he was an all-rounder, he only once passed 50 in 17 first-class matches. That innings coincided with one of his best ever bowling performances, in the 1921/22 Shield season against New South Wales at Adelaide Oval. He took seven wickets in total for the match, five of them in the first innings, and put together scores of 46 and 117 with the bat. The 46 had equaled his highest first-class score and his century, made in the fourth innings, was made with 18 boundaries. His innings helped South Australia to a score of 406 but it wasn't enough for victory as they fell 17 runs short. He had nonetheless become just the third South Australian cricketer to take a five wicket haul and score a century in the same first-class match. Eight of the nine previous instances that feat had been achieved for South Australian were from Norwood footballer and Test cricketer George Giffen. 
After his last first-class match, in 1923/24, Townsend continued playing grade cricket for Sturt until his retirement in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="30966910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966910" title="Lake St. Peter (Ontario)">
Lake St. Peter (Ontario)

Lake St. Peter is a small lake in Ontario in Hastings Highlands, near the village of the same name.
Lake St. Peter Provincial Park is located on Lake St. Peter, off Highway 127.

</doc>
<doc id="30966913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966913" title="Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad">
Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad

The Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad, an interurban rail, was incorporated on September 9, 1905, after it was purchased by the "Beebe Syndicate". The line ran from Syracuse, New York, to Baldwinsville, New York, a distance of with a short branch to the New York State Fair grounds ending at Long Branch Park west of the city for a total of of electric track. 
By 1911, the company had 13 fast electric limited trains leaving Syracuse daily for Baldwinsville, Phoenix, Fulton, Minetto and Oswego.
The rail was in use until 1917 when it became known as the Empire State Railroad, also called Empire State Railway. Streetcar service on the route ran until 1931 when it was abandoned.
History.
The Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad served the Oswego, New York, area and began operations in 1905 when it was formed from the Lake Ontario and Riverside Railway, which dated back to 1896 and was a system originally built by the Oswego Street Railway.
The rail was also the successor to the Syracuse, Lakeside and Baldwinsville Railway and was owner of Syracuse and Ontario Railroad. By 1906, the company had contemplated joining the two lines and extending the system to form a through line from Syracuse to Oswego, passing through Baldwinsville, Phoenix and Fulton. 
Syracusans could travel north to Oswego to Lake Ontario and points in between via the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad to South Bay and Brewerton on Oneida Lake by way of the Syracuse and South Bay Railway.
Financial.
During 1906, the company had authorized and issued $500,000 of capital stock, par value of $100 per share. The funded debt for a first mortgage at five percent gold bonds was $500,000, dated March 1, 1899, and due in 1949. The company also had a second mortgage at six percent gold bonds for $150,000, dated July 1, 1901, and due in 1931. These bonds were given as collateral against liabilities due stockholders. 
Net income at the end of June 1903, was $2,915 and by 1905 was $18,424. During that same period, total operating expenses had grown from $53,520 to $78,282; however, total passengers carried had decreased from 1,938,009 to 1,690,925. 
Total liabilities from 1903 to 1905 grew from $1,067,928 to $1,272,490.
Operations.
The company owned 17 motor cars and 5 service cars, 2 snow plows, 2-400 G. W. Walker generators, 1600 H. P. Wheelock engines, West and General Electric motors, St. Louis cars and Puckham trucks.
Company management.
In 1906, officers of the company were president, Clifford D. Beebe; vice-president, Franklin J. Kaufman; secretary, Edward J. Chapman; treasurer, A. R. Peck; and general manager, William B. Rockwell.
That same year, directors were Edward A. Powell, Jas. M. Belden, W. R. Smith, W. J. Smith, Edward Joy, Edward N. Trump, Arthur R. Peck, Charles M. Warner, Franklin J. Kaufman, P. R. Quinlan and W. R. Rockwell, all of Syracuse, New York. The general office was located at 200 W. Genesee Street in Syracuse.
By 1908, vice-presidents were H. S. Holden and C. B. Benson. Willis A. Holden was treasurer, Harold C. Beatty was secretary and W. B. Rockwell was general manager.
Route expansion.
During June 1910, the company had completed plans for double tracking of its railway between Long Branch Park and Baldwinsville, a distance of . 
Beebe relocated part of the track from the highway to private right-of-way and built northward to Oswego on Lake Ontario. The line, in length, was completed on July 26, 1911, and its "physical standard" was one of the highest of any interurban. It was double-tracked, strung with catenary overhead, and built to permit running. Schedules demanded more modest speeds, calling for 1:40 total time for the trip.
By October 1911, the company advertised they had 13 fast electric limited trains leaving Syracuse daily for Baldwinsville, Phoenix, Fulton, Minetto and Oswego. The roadbed was "built to the highest steam railway standard." The "Fast Limiteds" left Electric Railway Terminal in Clinton Square ten minutes after each hour from 7:10 am to 7:10 pm.
In February 1912, employees at the Halcomb Steel Company in Geddes filed a complaint that the rise in fares between the electric terminal and the plant from five to ten cents for a cash fare and from ten to fifteen cents for a round trip was exorbitant and unreasonable.
Empire United railways.
Financial issues in 1913 forced the company to merge with two nearby interurbans; the Auburn and Northern Electric Railroad and the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad forming the Empire United Railways which failed in 1917, at which time each road assumed their individual name.
Labor union.
During June 1916, an agreement with the Amalgamated Association of Street and Electrical Railway Employees was offered to workers from the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad as well as Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad, Syracuse and South Bay Railway and the Empire United lines. Additionally, the Fulton city lines and Oswego city lines were included in the agreement. Attending the conference were H. J. Barrette and Burton Sampson of the Auburn line, Patrick Long and Willis Pickard of the South Bay road and John Manning and Arthur Hubbell of the Lake Shore road.
Empire State railway.
The rail was in use until 1917 when it became known as the Empire State Railroad. Streetcar service on the route ran until 1931, when it was abandoned in favor of buses.
Road abandonment.
On June 18, 1919, the "upstate Public Service commission" approved the declaration of abandonment of the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad Company, which had merged with Empire State Railroad Corporation of "that part of its route on the east river road in Scriba, New York. The railroad asked for the abandonment of this section of road on the east side of Oswego River in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="30966929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966929" title="Road Bandit">
Road Bandit

Road Bandit is an American web based reality travel series. The first series premiered in March 2009 on its own hosting site, http://www.roadbandit.com. The series follows the host Randy Primm as he travels the country in his 24-foot class C recreational vehicle with his feline companion 'Bird'.
Purpose and Motivation.
The purpose of Road Bandit's travel includes recreation and tourism, research travel for the gathering of information, for holiday to visit people, and volunteer travel for charity event coverage and fund raisers. Travel may occur by human-powered transport such as walking or bicycling, or with recreational vehicle. Motives to travel include education, entertainment, relaxation, discovery and exploration, interpersonal relationships and getting to know other cultures. Road Bandit's travel may be local, regional, national (domestic) or international. Road Bandit shoots life on the road, and documents the people and places he experiences. Followers, called "Banditos," can vote for the next spot in the United States to be hit by the bandit. Banditos can vote for the next location, suggest activities, festivals and monuments for Road Bandit to visit. The interactive website provides a 'bandit-tracker' to see when and where Road Bandit will be next. Banditos get an interactive daily feed of life on the road, and a weekly episode, allowing people to experience a real time, reality documentary of life on the road.
RV features.
Road Bandit travels in a 24-foot class C RV better known as 'Betsy'. 'Betsy' is equipped with a solar panel on the roof and an inverter to allow for extra power when additional power sources are not available. Road Bandit's recreational vehicle includes a kitchen, a bathroom, a bedroom and a living room.
RV lifestyle.
The RV lifestyle is made up of those interested in traveling and camping rather than living in one location, as well as by vacationers. There are a large and growing number of people who live full time in their RV/motorhome; these are known as Fulltimers. Road Bandit is a Fulltimer. There is another subculture of the RV lifestyle known as workampers. These are people that work at the campgrounds/RV parks they stay at for site and perks. The goal of Road Bandit is to bring life on the road as a full time RVer into the lives of those who may not be able to break away from the day to day and hit the road.

</doc>
<doc id="30966931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966931" title="Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board">
Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board

Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board is the governing body to monitor and control air, noise, and water pollution in the state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="30966934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966934" title="Luca (given name)">
Luca (given name)

Luca (or Luka) is a common male given name derived from Latin name Lucas, translation of Ancient Greek Loukas (Λουκᾶς). Luca and Luka are cognate of name Luke. "Luca" is common in Italian, Romanian, and Maltese. "Luka" is encountered in Georgian, Bulgarian, Russian, Slovene, Serbian, Montenegrin and Croatian. The name is common among Christians as a result of Luke the Evangelist.
Luca is also Hungarian and Croatian female given name, the equivalent of the English Lucy.

</doc>
<doc id="30966936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966936" title="Luca (surname)">
Luca (surname)

Luca, De Luca and Di Luca are common Italian surnames, derived from Latin name Lucas.
Luca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30966937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966937" title="List of people from Guam">
List of people from Guam

Numerous notable people have lived in or come from Guam.

</doc>
<doc id="30966939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966939" title="Genkai shūraku">
Genkai shūraku

Such villages are generally found in mountain villages and outlying islands. Villages facing this sort of situation have seen the functions of a community - local government autonomy, maintaining of roads, and ceremonial occasions - rapidly declining, and are facing losing these altogether.
History.
Akira Ōno, a professor of emeritus at Nagano University first proposed the concept in 1991 while teaching humanities at Kōchi University.
A number of surveys have been conducted to explore the phenomenon. In 2005 the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries commissioned a committee on rural development to do a survey on the true state of genkai shuraku (March 2006). According to the results, there were an estimated 1403 villages that were found to be in danger. These results were based on census results in agricultural villages. In April 2006, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism commissioned a survey on the state of depopulating areas. The report stated that, of the 62,273 villages that were visited, 775 of them were depopulating.

</doc>
<doc id="30966959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966959" title="Michelle Litjens">
Michelle Litjens

Michelle Litjens (born September 28, 1972) was an American politician and businesswoman. 
Background.
Born in St. Louis, Missouri, she graduated from St. Mary Central High School and then from UW-Oshkosh with a degree in political science in 1995. She was a real estate builder and manager. Litjens lives in Neenah, Wisconsin
Political career.
She is a member of "Wisconsin Right to Life", and the National Rifle Association. She was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. She served one term and did not seek re-election in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30966976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966976" title="Gospel Claws">
Gospel Claws

Gospel Claws is an indie rock band based out of Tempe, Arizona.
History.
Origins.
After leaving Dear and the Headlights in 2007, Gospel Claws lead-singer and guitarist Joel Marquard returned to his job as a delivery-man for FedEx. His attachment to music, however, could not keep him out of the scene. That same year, he began collaborating with his friend Sloan Walters, drawing from the catalog of music that he had written over time outside of Dear and the Headlights. These two songwriters eventually recruited John Mulhern and Scott Hall to fill out the rhythm section. Ironically, it was Marquard's day job for FedEx that led him to make the connections necessary to solidify the band's line-up. One day, he found that he had a delivery for Wesley Hilsabeck, a talented guitarist that he had met in the past. Recognizing the name on the package, but not finding him at home, Marquard left a message which eventually led to Hilsabeck joining the band.
The band's choice of name has been a consistent subject of discussion. Although the band bears the name "Gospel" Claws, and its members originally connected through church experiences, Gospel Claws is not a Christian band. The band has also had to deal with the constant misspelling of its name, as writers and promoters have listed them as Gospel "Clause" instead of Gospel "Claws". The band's first full-length album's name, C-L-A-W-S, stemmed from that issue. Band members have stated that they sometimes regret their original choice of name, and have considered changing it.
First EP and "C-L-A-W-S".
Gospel Claws released its first studio recording in 2009. This self-titled EP would create some early buzz for the band. Brandon Nolta at Boise Weekly enjoyed the record's "new-retro vibe" and said that it was "well worth your currency, no matter how inscrutable band's name."
The band would continue to pick up momentum with its first full-length album, "C-L-A-W-S", released in October 2010. This album was recorded almost entirely live by Bob Hoag at Flying Blanket Recording, and was very positively received. One critic raved that, "combining indie rock, folk and a bit of soul to produce their own distinctive sound," Gospel Claws' "musical ingenuity separates them from the crowd." Kate Bracaglia at Phrequency.com said the record "is full of the type of slosh-y summer anthems that make you feel alive—from the pounding beat and stylish, [ Clap Your Hands Say Yeah ]-style guitars of opener 'Walk me down' to the sing-song-y, campfire feel of 'Summer nights lakeside.'" 
The positive album reviews attracted some significant national attention and translated into some commercial success. "C-L-A-W-S" spent 5 weeks in the top 100 on CMJ Top 200 and 4 weeks on the FMQB Submodern charts with the album peaking at No. 2 and the single "Walk me Down" at No. 6. After "C-L-A-W-S", Paste Magazine named Gospel Claws the top Arizona-band "you should listen to now." This record was also featured on NPR's program All Things Considered.
Their expanding success allowed Gospel Claws to open for such acts as Wild Nothing, Cotton Jones, No Age, Plants and Animals, and Portugal. The Man. In March 2011, they showcased at SXSW.
"Put Your Sunshine Away" LP.
For Gospel Claws' second LP, small indie-label Common Wall Media could only agree to provide a little more than half of the record's funding. This meant that the band had to come up with at least $3,000. To reach their goal, the band agreed to use money earned at shows, and to set up a Kickstarter to solicit funds. In the end, the band collected $4,520, or 113% of its original Kickstarter goal, and will use the funds to record their album with Bob Hoag at Flying Blanket Recording.
Their successes, unfortunately, also came with some significant challenges. First, after recording almost half of the album, Wesley Hilsabeck had to leave the band. The band was able to replace him, but they will miss his contributions.
Then, even more serious, lead-singer and guitarist Joel Marquard was diagnosed with Testicular Cancer. Fortunately, the cancer was caught in its early stages and, after treatment, Marquard has been declared "cancer free." The cancer diagnosis did nothing to slow the band down. They started recording their sophomore album while Marquard was undergoing treatment and it is still due for release in the fall 2012. While the new album's stated influences — '50s doo-wop, Sam Cooke, and the Beach Boys — do not point to an aggressive sound, Marquard has stated that it should not be much mellower than the group's 2010 debut C-L-A-W-S. In jest, the band has also stated that "The running joke at the moment is if Gospel Claws' new record (due out this fall) sounds a little less ballsy than the first, at least there's a valid explanation for it. 'Most bands' sophomore records are kind of mellower than the first, but usually not for medical reasons.'"
Finally, in another tragedy for the band, guitarist Mark Erickson died in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30966982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966982" title="John Hooper (marine biologist)">
John Hooper (marine biologist)

John N.A. Hooper is an Australian marine biologist and writer on science. He is the current Head of Biodiversity & Geosciences Programs at the Queensland Museum. His research has included studying the possible medical benefits of marine sponges, including beta blockers for heart disease, and for compounds to combat illnesses like gastro-intestinal disease and cancer. In 2007 he was a member of the Discussion Panel On Marine Genetic Resources for the eighth annual United Nations Informal Consultative Process for Oceans and the Law of the Sea (UNICPOLOS).
Notable works.
Together with Rob van Soest, Hooper co-edited the influential book "Systema Porifera: A Guide to the Classification of Sponges". In addition, the Web of Science lists over 90 articles in peer-reviewed journals that have been cited over 1650 times, with an h-index of 24. His three most-cited (>75) articles are:

</doc>
<doc id="30966984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966984" title="Gilles Proulx">
Gilles Proulx

Gilles Proulx (born April 5, 1940) is a historian, radio and television host in the province of Quebec, Canada. His radio career began in 1962, and he would retire as talk radio host on CHMP-FM forty-six years later on August 7, 2008. His brother, Jacques Proulx was the former morning man of another local station CKAC.
Biography.
Gilles Proulx grew up in the Montreal neighbourhood of Verdun.
Proulx holds a Bachelor's in communications. He asserted that he earned a Master's in communications from Saint Louis University, in St. Louis, Missouri in 1986. On the January 10, 2007 episode of Les Francs-tireurs on Télé-Québec he claimed that he did not actually earn the diploma. The show's research team inquired about his claim to the university, who confirmed that Gilles Proulx was not among their alumni.
From 1979 to 1991, he taught a communications course at Université de Montréal, and was a guest lecturer on radio journalism at Université Cheikh Anta Diop in Dakar, Sénégal in 1983.
He was the news director at CKLM, a journalist on the show "le Temps de vivre" on Radio-Canada, and commentator on CKOI-FM.
After his return from Bosnia and Herzegovina in August 1994, he published a long report on the humanitarian aspect of the Canadian forces in La Presse.
He was best known as the host of "Journal du midi", over a span of 24 years. From 1984 to 1994 on CJMS, from 1994 to 2004 on CKAC, and from 2004 to 2008 on CHMP-FM. Gilles Proulx has said that his colourful radio hosting style was inspired by Adrian Cronauer, played by Robin Williams in the film "Good Morning, Vietnam".
In 1998 and 1999 he hosted "les Grands Dossiers historiques" on the Canal D television channel.
Also a photographer and voyager, he has published various books, such as "À la conquête du monde" in 1996, and "Globetrotter" in 2000.
On March 15, 2007, while he was undergoing a routine medical examination at the Montreal Heart Institute, doctors determined that a Coronary artery bypass surgery was necessary.
Starting in late 2009, he has hosted a television series known as "Mémoire de Proulx" on Canal VOX in Montreal, which is rebroadcast on other stations across Quebec.
Controversy.
In September 2005, he co-hosted a public affairs show on TQS, known as "l'Avocat et le diable". During one episode, he made shocking remarks about a victim of a sexual assault, which led to a large amount of criticism in the media, and his suspension of the show.
Awards and honours.
On June 18, 2008, he received the 2008 Édouard-Raymond Fabre Award from the Association of the descendants of the Patriotes of 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="30966990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966990" title="William Jelani Cobb">
William Jelani Cobb

William Jelani Cobb, born September 22, 1967, is an American writer, author and educator, Associate Professor of History and Director of the Institute for African American Studies at University of Connecticut in Storrs, Connecticut.
Life.
William Jelani Cobb was born in Queens, New York, on September 22, 1967, the youngest of four children. Literacy and education were valued highly in the Cobb household. Both of Cobb's parents had migrated from the South, where they did not have access to high-quality schools. As a result, they were determined to give reading and learning important places in their family life. Cobb counted being taught to write at an early age by his father, Willie Lee Cobb—an electrician with a third-grade education—among his earliest memories. On his website, Cobb described his father's "huge hand engulfing mine as he showed me how to scrawl the alphabet." Cobb has been writing ever since. 
Cobb was educated at Jamaica High School, New York City, Howard University in Washington, D.C., and Rutgers University, where in May 2003 he received a PhD in American history under the supervision of David Levering Lewis. He is a recipient of fellowships from the Fulbright and Ford Foundations. After graduating from Jamaica High School in Queens, Cobb enrolled at Howard University in Washington, D.C. While studying at Howard, he found time to launch his professional writing career. His first legitimate outlet was a periodical called "One" that existed in Washington for about a year. "One" essentially gave Cobb, a writing novice, an open forum to write about whatever he wanted. As his journalistic skills developed, he began contributing to the "Washington City Paper", Washington's alternative weekly. His first national outlet was "YSB Magazine", part of the Black Entertainment Television, Inc. (BET) media empire, beginning in 1993. He also became more politically active during this time, and was involved with an organization, along with Ras Baraka, son of acclaimed poet Amiri Baraka, that took over Howard's administration building in 1989. It was around this time that Cobb, seeking to connect more with African tradition, decided to add "Jelani"—a Swahili word meaning "powerful"—to his name.
Cobb specializes in post-Civil War African-American history, 20th-century American politics, and the history of the Cold War. He served as a delegate and historian for the 5th Congressional District of Georgia at the 2008 Democratic National Convention. He resides in Atlanta, Georgia.
Publications.
Cobb's books include "The Substance of Hope: Barack Obama and the Paradox of Progress" (Walker, 2010), "To the Break of Dawn: A Freestyle on the Hip Hop Aesthetic" (2007), which in 2007 was a finalist for the National Award for Arts Writing of the Arts Club of Washington. His collection "The Devil & Dave Chappelle and Other Essays" was published the same year. He is editor of "The Essential Harold Cruse: A Reader", which was listed as a 2002 Notable Book of The Year by "Black Issues Book Review". Cobb has contributed to a number of anthologies, including "In Defense of Mumia", "Testimony", "Mending the World" and "Beats, Rhymes and Life", and his articles and essays have appeared in "The Washington Post", "The New Yorker", "Essence", "Vibe", "Emerge", "The Progressive", "The Washington City Paper", "One Magazine", "Ebony" and TheRoot.com. He has also been a featured commentator on National Public Radio, CNN, Al-Jazeera, CBS News, and other national broadcast outlets.
While doing research at the New York University library for his PhD dissertation on black anti-communism, Cobb stumbled upon a cache of previously unpublished writings by Harold Cruse, an influential scholar whose controversial views included the notion (to grossly oversimplify the matter) that desegregation had resulted in the decay of African-American culture. Cobb tracked down Cruse at a retirement home in Ann Arbor, Michigan (where he had been a professor at the University of Michigan) and obtained permission to organize and edit these writings and get them published in book form. The resulting book, "The Essential Harold Cruse", edited by Cobb with a foreword by Stanley Crouch, was published in 2002. It instantly enhanced Cobb's stature among the African-American Studies community nationwide.
Cobb has two forthcoming books including a scholarly monograph entitled "Antidote to Revolution: African American Anticommunism and the Struggle for Civil Rights, 1931–1957".

</doc>
<doc id="30966994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30966994" title="Florius of Camerota">
Florius of Camerota

Florius of Camerota () was a royal justiciar of the Kingdom of Sicily who worked an itinerant circuit throughout the Principality of Salerno, across different local jurisdictions, between 1150 and 1189. He hailed from Camerota in the Principality, and was a nephew of Alfanus, Archbishop of Capua. He was forced into a temporary exile in the Kingdom of Jerusalem ("c".1165), but the intervention of the pope restored him. He moved in the highest circles in the kingdom and in Europe, serving as a diplomat to the Kingdom of England in 1176. 
In 1150, a court was held before the presence of King Roger II by Florius, fellow justiciar Lampus de Fasanella, and the chamberlain Atenulf in Salerno. Another court was held by the same officers in the same city, absent the king, in 1151. In 1158, in the castle of Capua, Florius and fellow justiciar Aimeric of Montemore adjudicated a complaint from the abbot of Santa Sofia of Benevento. Around 1166, at Aversa, Florius, with the justiciars Matthew de Venabulo and John de Valle, "performing the role of the lord king a plenary and solemn court" ("plenariam et sollempnem curia"), restored two mills to the Diocese of Aversa. Around 1165, Florius fell from favour and was exiled to the Jerusalem. This prompted Pope Alexander III to request King Louis VII of France to intervene on Florius' behalf with King William II of Sicily and, if this failed, with the Byzantine emperor Manuel II Comnenus. 
By 1168, Florius, restored to favour, was administering a court at Messina, and had responsibility beyond his justiciarate, according to the court historian known by the pseudonym "Hugo Falcandus". Florius made only brief visits to his old justiciarate thereafter. In 1172, he and justiciar Lucas Guarna were in Salerno. In 1176, according to Romuald Guarna, Florius was sent to England to arrange a marriage between Joan, daughter of Henry II of England, and William II. In 1178, Florius and Lucas Guarna returned to Salerno and, with Eugenius of Palermo, presided over an inquiry into the murder of an abbot. By the 1180s, Florius was in charge of justice in Calabria. The length of his tenure as justiciar was "a force for continuity". 

</doc>
<doc id="30967016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967016" title="The Descent (album)">
The Descent (album)

The Descent is the debut album by Norwegian progressive metal band Mantric. The sound of the album picks up where the members left off with the fourth Extol album, "The Blueprint Dives".
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Tor Magne Glidje, John Robert Mjåland, and Ole Halvard Sveen.

</doc>
<doc id="30967022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967022" title="Fizzer">
Fizzer

Fizzers are a "fruity, chewy, & fizzy" candy sold primarily in the country of South Africa. They are one of the products produced by Beacon Sweets & Chocolates and are available in six flavors.
Texture.
The candy itself is a hard/chewy candy depending on its temperature. While chilled, or merely not warmed, the candy is a hard, brittle consistency that will give off more of the "fizzing" that the candy can cause while being eaten. While warm though the candy is much like the American candy Air Heads; it loses some of the fizz while soft but is a lot easier to eat which can be more enjoyable.
Flavors.
There are four primary flavors of Fizzers and two others (harder to find). The primary four are strawberry, cream soda, apple, and bluebuzz, the secondary are orange and grape.
Bluebuzz is a flavor that has a slight taste of berries but it is hard to say which exactly, it is also the flavor that has the most fizz to it. Cream soda often confuses Americans when offered because they imagine cream soda to taste like A&W Cream Soda but this flavor does not have much of a vanilla taste to it, although it is creamy tasting.
Similar candies.
As mentioned before, Fizzers are similar to Air Heads or comparable chewy candies such as Laffy Taffy.
Another candy that is produced by Beacon that shares the "fizz" title is Fizz pops which are a flavored lollipop with sherbet in the middle that starts to fizz out of the side of the lollipop when it starts to wear down.

</doc>
<doc id="30967026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967026" title="Taieb Hadhri">
Taieb Hadhri

Taieb Hadhri served as the Tunisian Minister of Scientific Research, Technology, and Expertise Development under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
Biography.
Taieb Hadhri was born on August 18, 1957 in Monastir, Tunisia. He received a degree in Engineering from the Ecole Polytechnique in Paris in 1979, and the Ecole Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées in 1981. He also received a PhD in Applied Mathematics from Pierre and Marie Curie University in 1981, another PhD in 1986. From 1982 to 1986, he was an Assistant Professor at the University of Technology of Compiègne. From 1984 to 1988, he worked as a researched for the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in Paris. From 1988 to 1999, he taught at the Ecole Nationale d'Ingenieurs de Tunis. In 1993, he taught at Rutgers University. In 1995, he became the President of the Ecole Polytechnique de Tunisie.
He served as Minister of Scientific Research, Technology, and Expertise Development under former President Ben Ali from January 2010 to January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30967031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967031" title="Scott Krug">
Scott Krug

Scott Krug (born September 16, 1975) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
He graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay with a degree in Psychology in 2009. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30967040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967040" title="Ship management">
Ship management

When a ship is purchased for importing and exporting goods, a ship management team is required to maintain and operate the vessels. The function of the management team is to provide the owner with support throughout the occupancy or charter of the vessel. Vessels can range in sizes and function.
Most Management companies provide the owner or operator with crew on board. When the ship comes out of the Ship Yard (where the ship is built) the management company takes it over providing technical support to the owner. Most Management companies also offer other services like inspection prior to purchase, supervision during building, crew management and supply and ship lay-up solutions. 

</doc>
<doc id="30967046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967046" title="PSBL Langsa">
PSBL Langsa

PSBL stands for Persatuan Sepak Bola Langsa ("en: Football Association of Langsa"). PSBL Langsa is an Indonesian football club based in Langsa, Aceh. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. In season 2011-12 the club promotion to Premier Division after finis in 3rd placed in 2010 Liga Indonesia First Division.
PSBL Langsa stadium named Langsa Stadium. Its location was in downtown Langsa, Aceh.

</doc>
<doc id="30967052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967052" title="Polranny">
Polranny

Polranny ("Poll Rathnaí", trans. Hole of the Ferns or Fern Hollow) is a village in County Mayo in the province of Connacht in the Republic of Ireland. The Michael Davitt Bridge connects Polranny on the mainland to Achill Island.

</doc>
<doc id="30967105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967105" title="Brett Hulsey">
Brett Hulsey

Brett Dudley Hulsey (born April 28, 1959) is a consultant, Democratic Party politician and legislator in Wisconsin.
Background.
Hulsey earned a B.A. in political economy from Middlebury College in 1982, and an M.S. in natural science from the University of Oklahoma in 1988. He is the owner of an energy and environmental consulting firm. He has served as a Dane County supervisor since 1998.
Personal life.
As of 2013 he had been married to Mary Kay for 19 years; they have one son (Tyler) and one daughter (Lea). On February 7, 2013 his wife filed for divorce. He was issued a citation by Madison Police Department on July 12, 2012, for disorderly conduct at a Spring Harbor Beach on Lake Mendota in the City of Madison, on July 4, 2012. Hulsey pled no contest to the charge in court on August 15, 2012.
Legislative career.
Hulsey was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly's 77th district in 2010 to succeed fellow Democrat Spencer Black, receiving a plurality of 12,138 votes to 7,761 for Green Ben Manski, 4,666 for Republican David Redick, and 372 for David Olson of the Constitution Party. This was one of only two races in the state where, in an election contested by both major parties, the first and second places were not taken by a Republican and a Democrat. The other was the 25th Assembly district, where the former Democratic incumbent successfully ran as an independent against candidates from both major parties.
After a redistricting by the Republican-controlled legislature, the 77th Assembly District boundaries were moved to the east. Since fellow Democrat Mark Pocan was running for Tammy Baldwin's Congressional seat, Hulsey ran in the modified 78th Assembly district. As in the 2010 race, the only serious challenge to the Democratic candidate in the 78th was a Green candidate, Jonathan Dedering (officially running as an independent); the Republicans did not even field a candidate. Hulsey won with 22,853 votes to 7323 for Dedering. The revamped 77th District was in turn taken without opposition by Terese Berceau (another Democrat), who had previously represented the 76th district.
Run for Governor.
On April 21, 2014, Hulsey announced that instead of seeking re-election, he was running for Governor in the Democratic primary. He will face Mary Burke in the Democratic primary. Hulsey drew criticism when he protested the 2014 Wisconsin Republican Party Convention, calling Governor Walker's agenda racist. 

</doc>
<doc id="30967122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967122" title="Fanny Kelly">
Fanny Kelly

Fanny Kelly (1845-1904) was a North American pioneer woman captured by the Sioux and freed five months later. She later wrote a book about her experiences called "Narrative of My Captivity among the Sioux Indians" in 1871.
Early life.
She was born Fanny Wiggins in Orillia in what is now Canada in 1845 to James Wiggins. In 1856, Wiggins decided to relocate his family to the new town of Geneva in the soon-to-be state of Kansas. Along the way, however, he died of cholera, leaving the family to continue on to Geneva on their own. Fanny eventually married Josiah S. Kelly.
Kelly hoped that a change of climate would aid his failing health, so he, Fanny, and her seven-year-old niece and adopted daughter, Mary Hurley, along with two "colored servants", Franklin and Andy, set out on May 17, 1864 from Geneva for the region that is now Idaho or Montana. A fellow traveler, a Methodist clergyman named Mr. Sharp, joined them a few days later. A couple of weeks after that, William and Sarah Larimer and their eight-year-old son Frank, with whom they were acquainted, left a large wagon train to accompany them. Two others joined the group somewhere along the journey, Gardner Wakefield and Noah Taylor.
Captivity.
On July 12, the ill-fated party had crossed Little Box Elder Creek in Wyoming when they encountered a large group of "about two hundred and fifty" Oglala Sioux "painted and equipped for war", led by their war chief, Ottawa. Vastly outnumbered, the emigrants tried to placate the warriors. The Sioux became increasingly assertive and suddenly attacked without warning. Sharp, Taylor, and Franklin were killed immediately. Wakefield was seriously injured. Josiah Kelly, William Larimer, and Andy got away, while the two women and two children were taken captive. Another wagon that happened on the scene by chance sped off, at the cost of one person's life. The Sioux then proceeded to loot the five wagons.
Josiah Kelly and Andy separately made their way to the protection of a large wagon train some miles away, as did the people of the other wagon that had passed by. They later found William Larimer, with an arrow wound to the arm, and Wakefield with three arrows in him, but still alive. After a couple of days, the party made its way to Deer Creek Station, where there was an army garrison.
Meanwhile, the prisoners attempted to escape. The very night of their capture, Fanny Kelly had Mary Hurley slip away in the darkness. Fanny herself tried to follow, but was caught and beaten. Mary's scalped and arrow-ridden body was found a few days later and buried by her uncle. The Larimers did manage to escape the next night. They were reunited with William Larimer at Deer Creek Station. When he had recovered from his wound, the family returned to Kansas.
Fanny Kelly's account of her ordeal.
According to Fanny, she was nearly killed by an old chief for losing his pipe, which she had dropped and broken. She managed to dispel the wrath of her captors by presenting them with some banknotes, telling them of their value. Another life-threatening quarrel ensued when she innocently accepted a gift of stockings from the brother-in-law of the old chief, inadvertently committing a social blunder. Angered, the chief killed one of his brother-in-law's horses. The brother-in-law sought to retaliate by aiming an arrow at Fanny, but Jumping Bear snatched his bow away.
The band arrived at their home village, only to be attacked by a Union Army force led by Brigadier General Alfred Sully. Fanny was hustled away with the rest of the women and children. Freedom was not to be so quickly gained. After several days of pursuit, Sully's men gave up. When the Sioux returned to their homes, they were so angered at their losses, they threatened to burn Fanny at the stake. At a council to decide her fate, Ottawa spoke up for her, and she was spared. She became Ottawa's "exclusive property". She described him as being "over seventy-five years of age, and partially blind".
One day, an Indian arrived at the camp, bearing a letter from Captain Marshall of the Eleventh Ohio Cavalry detailing the attempts that had been made to rescue her. The Indian had been offered a reward to help free her, but he proved to be unfaithful.
On September 5, a large band of Sioux attacked part of a wagon train led by Captain James L. Fisk taking settlers to what is now Montana. Unbeknownst to her, the attack had been repulsed, though the whites had suffered twelve deaths to six by the Sioux. Fanny was made to exchange letters with Captain Fisk to try to get him to lower his guard. Since the Sioux were illiterate in English, she was able to warn Fisk of their intentions. Fisk tried to ransom her, to no avail, but he promised to spread the news of her situation.
When the old chief went away on a journey. Fanny was sent to live in another village with an elderly couple. While there, she met and spoke several times with the chief "Man-Afraid-of-His-Horses". She later found out he had been given two expensive outfits by her husband to try to obtain her release; he, however, reported to Mr. Kelly that he could not find her.
General Sully had been sent to stop the Indian attacks on settlers beginning in 1862. The Sihasapa became weary of the fighting and offered peace. Informed by Captain Fisk of Fanny's plight, Sully insisted she be freed, even though the Sihasapa protested she was being held by the Oglala. In November, Sihasapa warriors including the prominent leader Kill Eagle went to the Oglala camp, but the Oglala resisted the idea of giving Fanny up. Without Oglala permission, the Sihasapa took Fanny away. When the Oglala pursued to reclaim her, the two groups parleyed; the Sihasapa prevailed. 
Fanny was taken to a Sihasapa village. She found out that other groups, having learned of the reward offered for her return, tried to buy her. Once, white traders in four wagons came to purchase her release as well; all but one were killed. The sole survivor escaped and walked all the way back to Fort Laramie. Fanny began to fear that the Sihasapa intended to attack Fort Sully and not give her up.
One day, Jumping Bear visited her. Fanny persuaded him to take a letter to General Sully; in the letter, she warned of a planned attack using her return as a ruse to gain entry to the fort. Forewarned, once Fanny and some of the Sihasapa chiefs had entered the fort on December 12 (a statement by officers present says "on or about the 9th day of December"), the gates were swiftly shut. Fanny was at last free.
Alternate account.
According to several books, Fanny did not live with the aged Ottawa. Despite her claim that "I had never suffered from any of them "Oglallas" the slightest personal or unchaste insult", by other accounts, she was sold to a Hunkpapa Sioux named Brings Plenty to be his wife. So pleased was he with her docile demeanor, especially compared to Sioux women, that he named her "Real Woman", and it was only with great difficulty that Fanny was prised away from him by no less than Sitting Bull. In this version of events, Fanny was returned safely to Fort Sully under Sitting Bull's protection.
Later life.
Her husband, once he received the news, traveled to be reunited with her. The couple returned to Geneva, then moved, first to Shawneetown, then to Ellsworth, Kansas. There, an outbreak of cholera claimed Josiah Kelly, who succumbed on July 28, 1867. Their child was born afterward.
She was persuaded to go live with the Larimers, who had settled in Wyoming. While there, however, she claimed her manuscript was stolen for the purpose of plagiarism. Sarah Larimer published a book about her own brief experience in 1870 called "The Capture and Escape; or, Life among the Sioux". Fanny had to resort to litigation.

</doc>
<doc id="30967123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967123" title="Yellowhead Tribal College">
Yellowhead Tribal College

Yellowhead Tribal College is an educational institution located in Edmonton, Alberta which is run by five member nations of Treaty 6 with the five members being Alexander First Nation, Enoch Cree Nation, O'Chiese First Nation, Sunchild First Nation and Alexis First Nation.
History.
Yellowhead Tribal Council (YTC) was first established in 1977 in order to provide economic, social, and educational support services to First Nation member bands and educational opportunities that could not be successfully accessed in mainstream institutions. The University and College Entrance Preparation Program (UCEPP), YTC's first permanent education program, was established in the spring of 1983. Since the 1980s, YTC Education has evolved from a small upgrading program into Yellowhead Tribal College, a centre offering accredited post-secondary courses, certificates, diplomas and degrees via partnerships with recognized colleges and universities, in particular the University of Alberta, Grant MacEwan University, NAIT, NorQuest College and Keyano College
Yellowhead Tribal College is a member of the First Nation & Adult Higher Education Consortium, a non-profit organization in Western Canada, which coordinates the efforts of its members to provide quality adult and higher education, controlled entirely by people of the First Nations. 
Academics.
Students are instructed by Professors from affiliated Universities and Colleges. 
Some of the academic programs offered at Yellowhead tribal college are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30967138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967138" title="Naceur El Gharbi">
Naceur El Gharbi

Naceur El Gharbi was the Tunisian Minister of Social Affairs, Solidarity, and Tunisians Living Abroad under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
Naceur El Gharbi was born in Kairouan, Tunisia in 1949. He received a Masters in Public Law, and he is a graduate of the École nationale d'administration.
In 1974, he started his career in the Tunisian Ministry of Social Affairs. In 1988, he was appointed as Governor of Gabès. From 2000 to 2004, he was CEO of Pharmacie Centrale Tunisienne, and from 2004 to 2009, he was the CEO of the Tunisian "Caisse Nationale d’Assurance-Maladie".
In January 2010, he was appointed as Minister of Social Affairs, Solidarity, and Tunisians Living Abroad under Ben Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="30967149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967149" title="Master Film (Poland)">
Master Film (Poland)

Master Film is a Polish dubbing studio based in Warsaw,the capital of Poland.The studio was founded in 1992.The studio commissions dubbed,lectored, and subtitled version of content for its clients.Master Film is also one of two dubbing studios that Nickelodeon (Poland) works with to produce Polish versions of material shown on it,the other being Start International Polska.The studio also works with TVN to produce lectored versions of material shown on it and also animated shown on TVN 7's children block, Bajkowe kino.

</doc>
<doc id="30967160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967160" title="Disi Water Conveyance Project">
Disi Water Conveyance Project

The Disi Water Conveyance Project is a water supply project in Jordan. It is designed to pump of water per year from the Disi aquifer, which lies beneath the desert in southern Jordan and northwestern Saudi Arabia. The water is piped to the capital, Amman, and other cities to meet increased demand. Construction began in 2009 and was mostly completed in July 2013 when the project was inaugurated by King Abdullah of Jordan. Its total cost was USD 1.1 billion. An independent study revealed the water to be radioactive and potentially dangerous to drink, surrounding the project with controversy. Jordan's Ministry of Water and Irrigation has stated that the radioactivity is not a problem because the water is to be diluted with an equal amount of water from other sources, although it remains disputed if this would be enough to bring the water up to standards. The Ministry said the independent study was inaccurate, as it did not test water from any of the wells that will be used in the project. The President of the Jordanian Geologists Association Bahjat Al Adwan stated that the radiation is present in the water in the form of Radon, and thus dissipates harmlessly when the water is exposed to air on the surface.
Background.
The water in the Disi aquifer gathered 30,000 years ago during the Pleistocene era. It is long and located below ground inside of porous sandstone. The aquifer is classified as a fossil aquifer, meaning that the water is not replenished if it is removed. In fact, the aquifer has a recharge rate of of water per year. This recharge is dwarfed, however, by the current extraction rate of for agricultural and domestic needs, including of water that is supplied to Aqaba, Jordan. The current extraction rate of , coupled with the future extraction rate of for the project, is expected to produce a total extraction rate of . At that rate, the water in the aquifer will last a minimum of 50 years, according the Disi Water Company.
Only a small portion of the Disi aquifer lies beneath Jordan, while the majority lies beneath Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia also extracts water from the aquifer (called the Saq aquifer in Saudi Arabia). The aquifer has created controversy between Saudi Arabia and Jordan, with each country demanding the other to use less of the shared water. There is no formal agreement between the countries regarding the water and the Disi Water Conveyance Project is being constructed without Saudi consultation or involvement.
Non-revenue water is a serious problem in Amman. Currently, 40% of water in Amman is lost as non-revenue water. The city rations water, with individual residents averaging 36 hours of water access weekly. If the non-revenue water problem remains, it is possible that a large portion of the water provided by the Disi Water Conveyance project will also be lost as it is piped through Amman.
The Disi Water Conveyance project was first proposed in the 1990s, but was initially regarded as too expensive. A feasibility study was completed in 1996. But it was not until 2007 that the Jordanian Government was able to contract a firm to begin construction.
Design.
The project proposed by the Jordanian government will pump of water per year from 55 wells in the aquifer. However, a total of 64 wells will be drilled, the extra wells to be used as piezometers to measure the elevation of the water. Nine of the 55 water producing wells will be used in emergencies only. The wells producing water will be drilled deep while the piezometers will be drilled to a depth of . The plan is to pump the piezometer wells for 25 years, according to the project leader.
After being pumped from the wells, water will then be transported to Amman, via a pipeline, passing through a pumping station, then flowing by gravity and being pumped up again. The reservoirs near Amman are only higher than the surface area where the pumping field is located. Nevertheless, the total elevation differential over which water needs to be lifted by both pumping stations is about . To pump the water through the proposed pipeline will require 4 kilowatt-hours per cubic meter of water. The entire project would require approximately 4 percent of Jordan's current electrical production. The project is expected to be completed by January 2013 and to run for 25 years or until the Two Seas Canal is built.
The of water will be divided between the Abu Alanda reservoir and the Dabouq reservoir. Approximately of water will be sent to the Abu Alanda reservoir where it will be diluted with water from the Zara Ma’en desalination plant as well as water from Wala. The remaining of water will be sent to the Dabouq reservoir where it will be diluted with water from the Zai Treatment Plant as well as water from Wala. It is estimated that the cost of one cubic meter of water from the project will be 0.74 JOD ($1.05 USD).
Construction.
In June 2009, the Turkish firm GAMA began construction. By February 2011, eight piezometer wells and two water producing wells have been completed. Twenty-three other wells were to be drilled, and of pipe were to be installed. By April 2011, 99% of the of project's piping had arrived from Turkey, an anonymous source told "The Jordan Times". This source stated that the project was over 50% completed and that it was ahead of schedule.
Construction was delayed by disgruntled members of a Bedouin tribe living in the area, who allegedly intimidated workers by shooting in the air and at construction equipment. All work was stopped for two weeks after two employees were killed in January 2011 — allegedly murdered by a member of the Bedouin tribe. The tribe had been upset because GAMA did not rent its water tankers, according to Adnan Zu'b, Assistant Secretary Genera at the Ministry of Water and Irrigation. To satisfy the tribe, GAMA then announced plans to rent tankers from the tribe. However, near the site of the killings, the town of Ma'an had protests against the government's failure to punish the killers. During October and November, 2011 the construction works have been suspended at southern part of the project from Hasa to Mudawarra due to security problems created by tribes, therefore there is delay in this part which will affect the completion date of the project.
Structure and funding.
The project is funded on a build-operate-transfer concession contract between the Jordanian government and the Disi Water Company (Diwaco), a subsidiary of the Turkish construction company GAMA Energy. GAMA Energy is a joint venture between the Turkish GAMA Holding and the US firm General Electric Energy Financial Services. Diwaco is responsible to build the project over a 4-year period and to operate it for another 25 years. During operation, Diwaco will be compensated in accordance with a Water Charge Formula designed by Hillgate Advisors AB of Sweden. Hillgate Advisors AB acted as financial adviser to the Government of Jordan throughout the procurement and implementation. At the end of the concession period the ownership will transfer to the Jordanian government. Diwaco will retain any profits and will bear the risk of losing its equity. Construction is undertaken by GAMA Power Systems, another subsidiary of GAMA Holding, under a turnkey engineering, procurement and construction contract with Diwaco. Operation will be undertaken by Disi Amman Operation Maintenance LLC, a fully owned subsidiary of the French water company Suez Environnement, under a separate operating contract with Diwaco.
The project is funded through an equity contribution of about USD 200m from Diwaco, a USD 300m grant and a USD 100m stand-by facility from the Jordanian government, as well as USD 475m in foreign loans to Diwaco. The project's total cost is expected to be $1.1 billion USD. The U.S. Overseas Private Investment Corporation has lent USD 250m to Diwaco to support U.S. foreign investment on the basis that General Electric partially owns GAMA Energy. The state-owned French bank PROPARCO, which is the part of the French Development Agency (AFD) that supports private sector development, and the European Investment Bank (EIB) each lent about USD 100m to Diwaco. The loan package has been put together by the Arab Banking Corporation. Much of the government grant supporting the project comes from sovereign soft loans that the government of Jordan has borrowed from the EIB and AFD and passes on as a grant to the project. AFD provided USD 50m for the state grant and USD 48m for the stand-by facility.
Radioactivity.
The project became controversial in 2009 when a study performed by Avner Vengosh of Duke University revealed the Disi water to be highly radioactive. Water was tested from 37 existing wells in the aquifer, and all but one had concentrations of radioactive radium-226 and radium-228 isotopes that exceeded international standards for drinking water. Some of the water tested exceeded standards by 2,000%. Drinking water with these isotopes has been linked to bone cancer and leukemia. Though expensive, the water could be purified of the radioactive isotopes through ion-exchange purification.
Jordan's Ministry of Water and Irrigation has stated that the radioactivity is not a problem because the water is to be diluted with an equal amount of water from other sources. This dilution would presumably halve the radioactivity of the water which, according to Vengosh's data, would not be enough to bring the water up to standards. The Ministry of Water and Irrigation, however, has declared Vengosh's data to be inaccurate, as his study did not test water from any of the wells that will be used in the project. As radiation varies from well to well, it is possible that the data Vengosh collected does not accurately reflect the water sources to be used in the project.
Although testing at the well sites that supply Aqaba reveals high radioactivity, testing performed using water from the tap in Aqaba shows the water to be safe. There is no confirmed explanation for this phenomenon, although it is hypothesized that the depth of the wells (the ones that supply Aqaba are relatively shallow) may play a role as the radiation varies greatly at shallow depths.
In May, 2011, the President of the Jordanian Geologists Association Bahjat Al Adwan stated that the radiation is present in the water in the form of Radon, and thus dissipates harmlessly when the water is exposed to air on the surface. This explanation has not been confirmed scientifically, however.
During the inauguration of the conveyor in July 2013 Minister of Water and Irrigation Hazim El-Nasser said that after mixing Disi water radiation is less than 0.5 millisievert per year. The worldwide average natural dose of human’s exposure to radiation is about 2.5-3 millisievert per year. "Disi water is purer than bottled water and I take full responsibility for what I’m saying,” the Minister said during a press conference. 

</doc>
<doc id="30967165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967165" title="Hatrurim Formation">
Hatrurim Formation

The Hatrurim Formation or "Mottled Zone" is a geologic formation with outcrops all around the Dea Sea basin: in the Negev Desert in Israel, in the Judaean desert on the West Bank, and in western Jordan. It includes late Cretaceous to Eocene aged impure limestone along with coal bearing chalk and marl. The rocks have been subjected to pyrometamorphism resulting from combustion of contained or underlying coal or hydrocarbon deposits. The formation is named for exposures in the Hatrurim Basin which lies west of the Dead Sea.
The formation is the type locality for five unusual minerals and noted for many other minerals more common to Portland cement chemistry.

</doc>
<doc id="30967168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967168" title="National Development Party (Bahamas)">
National Development Party (Bahamas)

The "National Development Party" (NDP) is a moderate political party in The Bahamas, currently without political representation.
Party formation.
The National Development Party (NDP) originated following a series of meetings between Mr. B. J. Moss and Dr. Andre’ Rollins in September 2008. Both men were motivated to form a new political party due to a belief that there existed no clear vision or plan for the development of the Bahamas being articulated by either of the established political parties. 
Their view was that many of the problems besetting the nation and its impending growth, was clearly due to the emphasis on partisan politics, rather than nation building. Subsequently, the very precepts of the National Development Party, centers around nation building, which is the philosophical underpinning of this new political organization. This inspired the naming of the party the National Development Party.
Application for party’s registration was officially done in October 2008. One of the primary philosophical beliefs was that the party needed to focus on the philosophy and not the cult of personality, and on political ideology instead of political idolatry. Hence, the decision was made to form an executive steering committee that would be responsible for the formative development of the party from its embryonic stages to a viable political organization. 
Open house meetings commenced in early 2009, the party’s steering committee was established shortly thereafter. The party then elected Dr. Andre Rollins to be the chairperson in October 2009. In August 2010, the party elected Mr. Renward Wells as chairperson of the executive steering committee. Mr. Wells would lead the executive steering committee until November 2010 when the National Development Party had its first National Convention. Mr. Renward Wells went on to be the party's first leader, winning at the polls; Mr. Lindon Nairn became the party's first Deputy Leader.
2010 Elizabeth By-Election.
On January 13, 2010, The NDP announced its intention to run in the Elizabeth By-Election, which was forced due to the resignation of former Elizabeth Member of Parliament Malcom Adderly. In the press-release, the former chairman of the NDP Dr. Andre Rollins stated that the NDP would become the first party in the history of Bahamian politics to hold a constituency candidate primary and debate to select it's Elizabeth candidate. This Primary and debate took place at the Joe Farrington Road Auditorium on Wednesday, January 27, 2010, and Dr. Rollins was voted to be the NDP's By-Election representative. On voting day, February 16, 2010, Rollins was determined to have received a total of 72 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="30967214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967214" title="Hassell (architecture firm)">
Hassell (architecture firm)

Hassell (stylised HASSELL) is a multidisciplinary design practice, with offices in Australia, China, Singapore, Thailand and United Kingdom. It was founded in Australia in 1938. In 2010 it was ranked the largest architecture company in Australia and the 25th largest in the world.
The firm received Australian Institute of Architects national awards for the Sydney Olympic Park railway station (1998), the VS1/SA Water building in Adelaide (2009), ANZ Centre in Melbourne's Docklands and the railway stations of the Epping to Chatswood railway line (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="30967236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967236" title="Millie Fox Stakes">
Millie Fox Stakes

The Millie Fox Stakes is a Group 2 Australian Thoroughbred quality handicap horse race for fillies and mares aged three year old and upwards run over the sprint distance of 1300 metres at Rosehill Gardens Racecourse, Sydney in February. Prizemoney is $125,000.
The race is named after Millie Fox, who had a keen interest in the sport of thoroughbreds after her husband Stan Fox bought her a horse in 1965. After her husband's death, Millie took over Nebo Lodge stables and worked successfully with trainer Brian Mayfield-Smith.
Race History.
The race has had several modifications in grade, name and in distance.
References.
Australian Studbook - STC Millie Fox Stakes Race Winners

</doc>
<doc id="30967237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967237" title="Lunar rhythms in biological systems">
Lunar rhythms in biological systems

Lunar rhythms in biological systems are phenomena whose timing corresponds to a lunar month, the Moon's (roughly) 29.5 day orbit around Earth. In some cases these rhythms may depend on external cues, such as a greater or smaller amount of moonlight due to the moon's phases. In other cases, for example the approximately-monthly cycle of menstruation, the correlation in timing may reflect no known lunar influence.

</doc>
<doc id="30967244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967244" title="Janis Ringhand">
Janis Ringhand

Janis Ringhand (born February 13, 1950) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
She graduated from Madison Area Technical College in 1985, and served as the Mayor of Evansville from 2002 to 2006. She was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. She is a former accountant and nonprofit director.

</doc>
<doc id="30967248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967248" title="John Andrew Licharson">
John Andrew Licharson

John Licharson is a Canadian diplomat. He joined the Department of External Affairs on June 9, 1969.
Postings:
1971-1973: Third/Second Secretary, Canadian High Commission, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania (concurrently accredited to Mauritius and Mozambique);
1974-1975: African Affairs (Anglophone) Division;
1976-1978: First Secretary (Economic), Canadian Embassy, Seoul, Korea;
1978-1980: First Secretary, Canadian High Commission, Lusaka, Zambia (concurrently accredited to Malawi and, from 1980 to Zimbabwe);
1981: Chargé d'Affaires, Canadian High Commission, Lusaka;
1982: African Affairs (Anglophone) Division;
1983-1985: Counsellor, Canadian High Commission, Kingston, Jamaica (concurrently accredited to The Bahamas and Belize);
1985: Chef de Mission, Canadian Liaison Office, Nassau, Bahamas;
1986-1988: Economic Policy Bureau - Deputy Director, Economic Relations with Developing Countries Division (United Nations Conference on Trade and Development & United Nations);
1988-1990: Trade Policy Bureau - Deputy Director, General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade Division;
Resigned from DFAIT in 1990.
Served as Senior Advisor on Internal Trade Issues in Industry Canada, 1990-1998.
Joined the Privy Council Office, 1998.
Retired from the Public Service as Director, Economic and Regional Development Policy, Privy Council Office, in July, 2002.
Chairman, Prince Edward - Lennox & Addington Community Futures Development Corporation, 2009 - 2011.
Chairman, PELA-CFDC Investment Review Committee, 2011-2013.
References.
Toronto Star: Author: Shawn McCarthy TORONTO STAR; Jul 28, 1991, Page: F.1 (BUSINESS TODAY)
http://www.pelacfdc.ca/directorss13.php

</doc>
<doc id="30967280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967280" title="Fernande R.V. Duffly">
Fernande R.V. Duffly

Fernande R. V. Duffly is an American lawyer and jurist from Massachusetts. She was appointed by Governor Deval Patrick in December 2010 to serve as an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. Patrick nominated her following the elevation of Roderick L. Ireland as Chief Justice on the court. Her nomination was confirmed 4-3 (with one recusal) by the Governor's Council on January 26, 2011. She is the first Asian American to serve on the court.
Duffly received her B.A. from the University of Connecticut in 1973 and her law degree from Harvard Law School, where she was President of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau in 1978. After law school, she joined the Boston law firm Warner and Stackpole. She continued to work as an attorney until her appointment to the Massachusetts Appeals Court.
She lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="30967284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967284" title="Willie Irvine (footballer, born 1963)">
Willie Irvine (footballer, born 1963)

Willie Irvine (born 28 December 1963 in Stirling) is a Scottish football manager who was formerly a player. Irvine played for Stirling Albion, Hibernian, Dunfermline, FK Vidar, Vålerenga, Airdrie, Albion Rovers, Meadowbank Thistle, Berwick Rangers, Alloa and Stenhousemuir. Irvine played in 571 Scottish Football League matches, scoring 201 goals.
After retiring as a player, Irvine became manager of Junior club Sauchie. He then managed Bo'ness United and Norwegian club Lillesand before becoming manager of Pollok in March 2010. Irvine resigned from his position with Pollok on 10 October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30967287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967287" title="Nachcharini">
Nachcharini

Nachcharini is a medium-sized cave and Neolithic settlement located on the high (2100 m), central plateau of the Anti-Lebanon mountains near the Syrian border. It is one of the highest PPNA occupations found to date.
It is an important site for the early Neolithic in Lebanon and was excavated in 1972 and 1974 by Bruce Schroeder as part of the University of Toronto's investigation of Neolithic occupation in the Beqaa, Lebanon. Research was disrupted by the Lebanese Civil War. The one radiocarbon date for the Neolithic period from this site has a high deviation, it therefore falls between 8500 BC and 7700 BC. Further investigations into the prehistoric land use of this site were carried out in 2001 directed by Alex Wasse of CBRL. They found the site badly looted, but were able to recoved numerous tools and flints for further study. 
Chipped stone analysis revealed similarities to Jericho's Sultanian style, suggesting more advanced activities than carried out at other PPNA sites. Recent evidence from Wadi Faynan suggests a variety of non-hunting purposes for these type of tools.
Snows last into the spring which irrigates the area into June, watering what were historically some of the richest Levantine pastures.

</doc>
<doc id="30967324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967324" title="Petr &amp; the Wulf">
Petr &amp; the Wulf

Munly's Petr & the Wulf is the sixth studio album by Denver musician Jay Munly. It's a concept album featuring a mythicized retelling of "Peter and the Wolf" by Sergei Prokofiev and it is supposedly the first of a planned multi-part series of albums featuring the fictional characters of Munly's invented world, Lupercalia.

</doc>
<doc id="30967332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967332" title="Naman Y. Goyal">
Naman Y. Goyal

Naman Goyal (first name pronounced as na_man, in Hindi language नमन, in Roman Urdu jhuknaجھکنا,English meaning obeisance, last name go_yal meaning “baniye: businessman class”, born on August 14, 1986, is an Indian-born American filmmaker, screenwriter and editor. Actively involved in the international short-film circuit Naman is being recognized for making films on cultural shocks, ideological clashes in societies and romantic comedies.
Early life.
Naman did his schooling in Jaipur at the Christian missionary of Saint Anslem's Pink City Senior Secondary School. Naman pursued Dramatic arts from the age of 12 while participating in school plays. In his college years he took up writing and directing plays in his hometown jaipur.
Career.
After his plays “Kaise Banegi Yeh Film”, “Kissa Kursi Ka”, and “Shyama” met good reviews, Naman scripted his first movie “Other Than Right Or Wrong” while doing engineering at the age of 20 with the financial assistance of his engineering college “JECRC” and other sponsors. Other than right or wrong is a story about four friends who belong to a small town of India and come to a metro for higher studies. Their lives change when they and the students in the college come to know that two to the four friends are homosexual and have been going around. What follows is discrimination against them and a testing phase for their friendship.
Naman attended the New York Film Academy for a yearlong filmmaking course on a scholarship after his engineering. Naman used his own experiences of culture shock while scripting and directing “An affair with New York”. Lauded for its freshness the film won the Critic award at the “Jaipur International Film Festival” 2010 and was the official selection for “Riverside International film festival” & “ Barebones International Film festival”.
His next directorial release was “The beginning…to get bald”. The film is a comedy about a young arrogant actor who starts to lose his hair. The film targets the insecurities and paranoia surrounding when a person first starts to lose hair. The film won the “Blockbuster – Best film award” at the Miniboxoffice film festival. Naman also co-wrote and edited an action cop drama based on NYPD named “Rear Truth” which got selected in The “Hoboken International Film Festival” and “International black film festival of Nashville”. Naman’s producing credit includes the film “In The Name of Love” which was the official selection for the “Los angeles Women’s International Film Festival”. The film was directed by Bouchra Nali.
Naman is currently working on a feature romantic comedy “Rajiv meets Rachel”. Rajiv Meets Rachel is a romantic comedy about an Indian boy who meets and falls in love with an American girl in New York. Quoting the Indo-Asian News Service (IANS) in its news feature from Washington, D.C., The Times of India wrote, “Naman of Jaipur is all set to do “slumdog millionaire” of sorts. The young Indian-Origin US film maker has set out to make a Hollywood film with a Bollywood flavour.
Other than right or wrong.
Naman’s first directorial venture took shape while he was pursuing his engineering at Jaipur Engineering College and Research Centre (JECRC). Being an avid movie buff Naman undertook filmmaking without formal training and appropriate resources which made the completion of the movie a yearlong struggle. The famous singer of Bollywood Vinod Rathod released the movie’s music. Touching a sensitive and a controversial issue of homosexuality the film gained hype and attention due to its candidness.

</doc>
<doc id="30967337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967337" title="Perpetual Truce of Peace and Friendship">
Perpetual Truce of Peace and Friendship

The Perpetual Truce of Peace and Friendship was a treaty that went into effect in 1861 between the United Kingdom and Bahrain. 
According to its terms, the United Kingdom would provide protection from naval assault and assistance for land assaults in return for pledges from Bahrain to only dispose of land to the United Kingdom (if to anyone) and not to enter relationships with other foreign governments without British consent. The treaty was modified in 1892 and 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="30967356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967356" title="Persikad Depok">
Persikad Depok

Persikad stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kota Depok ("en: Football Association of Indonesia of Depok City"). Persikad Depok is an Indonesian football club based in Depok, West Java. Club played in Indonesian Super League.
Persikad stadium named Merpati Stadium. Its location was in downtown Depok, West Java.
History.
In 2009, Persikad experiencing severe financial crisis that makes the management team to the players owed wages for 11 months. Luckily, a businessman named Edy Djoekardi rescue team by buying a majority stake in PT. Persikad Depok. As a result, ownership Persikad now in his hands. Edy Djoekardi plans to invest billions of dollars to build a team capable of performing up to the international scene, and to build infrastructure, such as stadiums.

</doc>
<doc id="30967366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967366" title="School of Computer Science">
School of Computer Science

School of Computer Science may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="30967375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967375" title="Blaise (name)">
Blaise (name)

Blaise is a personal name (from Greek Βλάσιος, the name of Saint Blaise) and surname.
The meaning of Greek "Blasios" is unclear; it may have been a by-name of the saint, derived from Latin "blaesus" "lisp", thus "the lisper"; alternatively, it may just be a corruption of the name Basilius (Greek "basíleios" "royal; kingly").
Spellings.
The following forenames are related to the forename Blaise:

</doc>
<doc id="30967391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967391" title="Mike Kuglitsch">
Mike Kuglitsch

Mike Kuglitsch (born February 3, 1960) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Kuglitsch graduated from the UW-Whitewater in 1983. He has held leadership roles in the "New Berlin Chamber of Commerce", and the "Wisconsin Restaurant Association". He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30967394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967394" title="Adrien Barrère">
Adrien Barrère

Adrien Barrère (baptised 'Adrien Baneux') (1877 Paris - 1931 Paris), was a French poster artist and painter, active in Paris during the Belle Époque.
After studying the law and medicine, Barrère turned to illustrating and particularly to the art of caricature, also designing a large number of posters for Parisian cinemas and Grand Guignol. His poster with caricatures of the Paris Medical Faculty, the original of which is held at University of Rouen and twice the size (72 x 116 cm) of later copies, was immensely popular - no medical student left without a copy - and 420 000 copies were printed.
His collaboration with Pathé was particularly successful, including a famous poster titled ""Tous y mènent leurs enfants"". In 1912, "Le Courrier Cinématographique", a corporate journal, described him as 'Pathé's man of the hour and designer of more than two hundred posters of unfettered verve and imagination'. 
Barrère chronicled and caricatured performers of the Paris stage, adopting a kindlier approach than that of Toulouse-Lautrec.

</doc>
<doc id="30967396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967396" title="Qasim Rashid">
Qasim Rashid

Qasim Rashid (born July 21, 1982) is a vocal human rights activist and advocate of moderate Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in America. He is an attorney and graduate of the Richmond School of Law He served as Executive Editor of The Richmond Journal of Global Law and Business. He has authored a book The Wrong Kind of Muslim. He has co-authored and co-edited two books, "Towards a Greater Jihad" and "By the Dawn's Early Light", and has been featured in local and national news media including NBC and NPR.
Religious and social activism.
The Wrong Kind of Muslim.
This book, released in June 2013 is Qasim's first solo attempt in authoring a book. The book received financial support through crowd-sourcing He looks at the treatment of Ahmadi Muslims and other minority faiths in Pakistan. Qasim conveys the stories of those who were jailed, injured, and martyred for their faith. He also seeks to explain why they maintain their faith. 
Popularizing the American Muslim.
A common theme in his written works and activism is the support of an American identity and lifestyle within the Islamic value system. In October 2010, Rashid rallied a group of Muslim youth to march on Washington, raising slogans of "Love for all, hatred for none" as a part of the "Muslims for Peace" campaign. In August of the same year, the New York Times ran a feature story on Rashid, covering his outreach efforts in America's midwest. 
His essay "I believe in love for all, hatred for none" was featured on NPR's "This I Believe".
Controversy.
Rashid, a critic of certain clerics in the Muslim world, is a member of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, a sect deemed heretical by some Muslims. Mr. Rashid is accused of being a Muslim apologetic and assuming the voice of mainstream Islam while not being regarded as such by some Muslim scholars.
During an interview, Rashid responded by saying "I never said I speak for others. According to me, I do represent mainstream Islam. But mainstream Islam does not accept me. I represent the Ahmadiyya interpretation of Islam to the best of my ability."
Ahmadi Muslims have suffered persecution or have been declared non-Muslim by fundamentalist Muslim groups in several countries including Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Egypt and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="30967403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967403" title="Ursula (album)">
Ursula (album)

Ursula is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1969 and released on the French Musica label. 

</doc>
<doc id="30967404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967404" title="Adam Miller (athlete)">
Adam Miller (athlete)

Adam Miller (born 22 June 1982) is an Australian sprinter who competed at the Athens Olympics, 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2007 IAAF World Championships. He retired from running in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30967435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967435" title="Robert Kingsley">
Robert Kingsley

Robert Kingsley (1903-1988) was an American legal scholar and California judge. He graduated from the University of Minnesota, the University of Minnesota Law School, and Harvard Law School. A strong opponent of the Death penalty, Kingsley served as Dean of Law at the University of Southern California from 1952 to 1963, when he was appointed to the California Court of Appeals by Governor Pat Brown. The Robert Kingsley Professorship in law at USC, currently held by Susan Estrich, is named in his honor. In 1979 he was named Roger J. Traynor Memorial Appellate Justice of the Year.
Personal life.
Kingsley resided in California and was married.

</doc>
<doc id="30967440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967440" title="Fletcher Low">
Fletcher Low

Fletcher Low (April 7, 1893 – June 6, 1973) was a third baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="30967445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967445" title="The American Farewell Tour">
The American Farewell Tour

The American Farewell Tour is a compilation album by American country music band Alabama. It was released in 2003 via RCA Nashville. The album peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30967456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967456" title="Laurens District 55 High School">
Laurens District 55 High School

Laurens District 55 High School, also referred to as "LDHS" or simply "Laurens High School" is a 4 year public high school in Laurens, South Carolina.It is the only high school in Laurens School District 55, and one of two in Laurens County, South Carolina. The feeder schools include Laurens Middle School,Ford Middle School, Sanders Middle School, Gray Court Owings, and Hickory Tavern Middle School. The school was opened in 1972 when Hickory Tavern, Sanders, Gray Court-Owings,Ford and Laurens High schools were joined together to create one high school. "District 55" was added to the end of the name to differentiate between the pre-existing Laurens High School, and appease the communities represented by the three other high schools. Today the school is embraced as the only high school and the official name is not commonly used.
Athletics.
Laurens High School has a variety of 9th grade, Junior Varsity, and Varsity Sports. Football is the most popular sport, with some 10,000 fans taking in the annual Laurens vs Clinton rivalry game each fall. The team plays its home games at K.C. Hanna Stadium, located on the school grounds. Each game can be heard on radio through 860AM WLBG. The Raider Football team has 3 AAAA State Championships in its history: 1983, 1984, 1991. The Laurens High football team has won several State Championships.The Laurens Raider wrestling team also won a Region 1AAAA title in 2011
Prayer Controversy.
The school traditionally allowed the student body to vote on whether an invocation would be held at graduation each year. However, in May 2011, a student brought the issue to the attention of the Freedom from Religion Foundation. As a result, school superintendent Billy Strickland announced that the prayer would no longer be permitted. In a public statement,Strickland remarked, "Our legal counsel has advised us that we should discontinue the practice of voting on whether to have an invocation delivered at the graduation ceremony so we do not create a basis for a legal challenge.” Strickland did go on to say that the school cannot legally stop the students who speak during the ceremony from referencing religion. Therefore there are still prayer invocations at athletic matches.

</doc>
<doc id="30967457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967457" title="John Klenke">
John Klenke

John Klenke (born April 25, 1958) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator. He is a 1st term Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing 88th district.
John Klenke graduated from University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1980 with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree (Finance) and from University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in 1982 with a Master of Business Administration degree (Taxation). He worked for Schneider National as a treasurer, vice president of corporate strategy, division president, and director of corporate tax. Klenke retired from his business executive position at Schneider National after being elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.
Klenke defeated a one-term Democratic incumbent James Soletski in the November 2010 general election. Klenke was unopposed in the primary election.

</doc>
<doc id="30967468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967468" title="Tamil Nadu Forest Department">
Tamil Nadu Forest Department

The Tamil Nadu Forest Department was established as the Madras Forest Department in 1855 by Dr. Hugh Francis Cleghorn, "the father of scientific forestry in India". The department is responsible for managing all the protected areas and forests plus environmental and wildlife related issues of Tamil Nadu state in South India. The objective of the Tamil Nadu Forest Department is to conserve biodiversity and eco-systems of forests and wilderness areas to ensure water security and food security of the state.
The Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (PCCF) is the head of the Tamil Nadu Forest Department. The Chief Wildlife Warden, five Additional Principal Chief Conservators of Forests and eight Chief Conservator of Forests function under the PCCF in the head office at "Panagal Maaligai" (pictured), Saidapet, Chennai. All the Chief Conservators of Forests are assisted by the Conservators of Forests and Deputy Conservator of Forests who have regional and specialised responsibilities.
All officials of the Tamil Nadu Forest Department, down to the level of Assistant Conservator of Forests, are graduates of Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration and the Indira Gandhi National Forest Academy and are members of the Indian Forest Service, entitled to use the formal suffix IFS after their name. There are total of 9,188 employees of the department.
History.
In 1855 Dr. H. F. Cleghorn (pictured) was asked to organise the Madras Forest Department and started systematic forest conservancy in India. On 19 December 1856 he was appointed Conservator of Forests in Madras Presidency. His persistent campaigning with the Government resulted in the banning of shifting cultivation in the Madras Presidency in 1860.
Cleghorn organised the new Madras Forestry Department with such energy and success that he was asked to extend his operations into the Punjab. He also afforded Mr. Dietrich Brandis, CIE, FRS, CIE, (pictured), efficient assistance in introducing and systematically working forest conservancy in the forests of Bengal. Cleghorn has been called "the father of scientific forestry in India"
On 10 January 1865, a public resolution by the Government of India, designated Dr. Cleghorn as the founder of Forest Conservancy in India, and added: "His long services from the first organisation of forest management in Madras have without question greatly conduced to the public good in this branch of the administration".
Douglas Hamilton was very interested in forest conservation in South India, and often visited his old friend General James Michael who was organising an experimental forest conservancy in the Annaimalai Hills. In 1854, he was appointed to temporarily manage the conservancy and showed great aptitude for these new forestry duties. Douglas succeeded permanently to the appointment and for the next three years was in charge of the Annaimalai forests, supplying teak lumberfor shipbuilding at the Bombay Dockyard.
During this period, he became Assistant Conservator of Forests under Dr. Hugh Francis Cleghorn who recently established the Madras Forest Department and whose work led to the establishment of the Forest Department of India in 1864.
In 1857 Douglas Hamilton had to return to his Regiment. The assistant conservator vacancy at Anamalai was filled by Lieutenant Richard Henry Beddome, who was an excellent explorer and who had a good knowledge of botany. He was recommended to Dr. Cleghorn because of his powers of observation and description. He succeeded Cleghorn in 1860 and remained Chief Conservator until 1882.
After the retirement of Beddome, upon the direction of the Viceroy of India, George Robinson, 1st Marquess of Ripon (pictured) and with the strong support of M. E. Grant Duff, Governor of Madras, Dietrich Brandis reorganised the Forestry Department as it operated smoothly thereafter. J. A. Gamble followed R. H. Beddome as the conservator of forests. Gamble's successor was Horace Archibald Gass (pictured). Gass is now remembered for establishing the Gass Forest Museum. Gass was succeeded by F.A. Lodge and then by J.A. Master.
In 1868, The Forest College and Research Institute was first established as part of the Agricultural School at Saidapet, Chennai (Madras). In 1916, it moved to Coimbatore. In 1989, Masters program in forestry was introduced at the Forest College & Research Institute, new campus at Mettupalayam. In 1990, a Doctoral program was also introduced.
In 1969, Madras State was renamed Tamil Nadu (land of the Tamils) and the name of the department was likewise also changed.
Objectives.
The overall objective of the Tamil Nadu Forest Department is to conserve biodiversity and eco-systems of forests and wilderness areas to ensure water security and food security of the state. Wildlife and wildlife habitats should be conserved and sustainably managed to meet the social, economic, ecological, cultural, recreational and spiritual needs of the present and future generations of people in the state.
The forests in Tamil Nadu are managed with the following objectives:
Strategies.
Strategies adopted by the Forest Department to achieve these objectives are: 
Geographic divisions.
The Forest Department is responsible for managing an area over , constituting 2.54% of the geographic area and 17.41% of the recorded forest area of the state. The Forest Department is organised in a geographic hierarchy ranging from Regions, Forestry Circles, Forestry Divisions and Forest Ranges to Beats and Watches. Each geographic category has its own level of management.
Management.
The Forest Department is organised in an administrative hierarchy ranging from Principle Chief Conservator of Forests to Forest Watchers, Mahouts and others.
Principal Chief Conservator of Forests.
The Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (PCCF) is in overall control of the whole Forest Department. All significant orders, permissions, declarations and authorisations of the department are personally reviewed, approved and signed by him.
The Principal Chief Conservator of Forests & Chief Wildllife Warden (PCCF & CWLW) is the principal assistant to the PCCF and is responsible for all wildlife matters of the department. There is also an Eco-development officer directly advising the PCCF.
Five Additional Principal Chief Conservators of Forests (APCCF) are separately responsible for central administration of Afforestation, Planning & Budgeting, Research & Working Plan, Forest Administration and the Forest Conservation Act.
Chief Conservator of Forests.
There are 13 Chief Conservator of Forests (CCF), each of whom manages a Forest region in addition to managing a separate technical aspect of Forest Department responsibility statewide. The separate technical aspects areTamil Nadu Afforestation Project (TAP), Planning and Development, Personnel and Vigilance, Social Forestry and Extension, Biodiversity, Wildlife, Department Working Plan (WP), Headquarters, Research, Extension, Tamil Nadu Forest Academy (TNFA), Field Director - Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve (KMTR) and Director - Arignar Anna Zoological Park (AAZP).
Forest Regions and Circles.
The state is divided into 6 forest regions, each composed of two forest circles. The wildlife matters of each region, including the 5 National Parks in Tamil Nadu, are the responsibility of a regional wildlife warden. There are 12 territorial Forest circles. These Regions and Forest circles plus the KMTR, AAZP, TNFA and WP are the allotted responsibility of the following CCF:
Conservator of Forests.
There are 26 Conservator of Forests (CF) under the CCFs, with one locally responsible for each of the 12 Forest Circles, 4 for Working Plans, and one each responsible for Planning & Development, Protection, Project Formulation, Forest Consolidation, Publicity, GIS, HRD, TAP-I, TAP-II and Research. There are also 49 Assistant Conservator of Forests, who are usually new IFS officers.
Forest divisions.
Within each Forest Circle there are 2 or more Forest divisions managed by one or more of 17 Divisional Conservator of Forests (DCF) or 18 Deputy Conservator of Forests and 30 District Forest Officers (DFO).
Each Forest division has several Forest ranges that are managed locally by Forest range officers (FRO).
Each Forest range is divided into beats, each of which is the responsibility of one of the 585 Forest Rangers in the state.
Each beat is divided into Forest watches, each of which is the responsibility of one or more of the 1,353 Forest watchers in the state. In addition there are 2,421 Forest guards to assist patrolling the forests.
There are 39 Mahouts and 44 Cavady to manage and train the working elephants (Kumki) owned and used by the Forest Department. There are 1,320 Foresters employed to physically manage the trees in the states forests. In addition, there are 3,256 ministerial staff and other employees in the department.

</doc>
<doc id="30967503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967503" title="John Paul the Great High School">
John Paul the Great High School

John Paul the Great High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30967512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967512" title="The Ultimate Alabama">
The Ultimate Alabama

The Ultimate Alabama is a compilation album by American country music band Alabama. It was released in 2004 via RCA Nashville. The album peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30967523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967523" title="Elgin Youth Symphony Orchestra">
Elgin Youth Symphony Orchestra

Founded in 1976, the Elgin Youth Symphony Orchestra (EYSO) is the oldest and largest youth orchestra program in northwest Illinois and is composed of three full orchestras, two string orchestras, a brass choir, and a large Chamber Music Institute.
Background.
The EYSO is an in-residence ensemble in the Arts Center at Elgin Community College (ECC). In 2011, there were over 300 students in the EYSO programs, from 4th grade through college age, coming from more than 65 communities, from as far south as Aurora, Naperville, Orland Park, Oswego, and Yorkville, as far west as Rockford, as far east as Chicago and as far north as Belvidere.
The EYSO is a 501(c)(3) organization registered as a not-for-profit corporation with the State of Illinois.
Mission.
The Mission of the Elgin Youth Symphony Orchestra is to create a community of young musicians,
enriching their lives and those of their families, schools, communities and beyond, through the study and performance of excellent music.
Philosophy.
The EYSO takes a comprehensive approach to music performance and learning, emphasizing total musicianship, critical thinking, analysis, and personal reflection. Through its annual Fall Camp, year-long curriculum and season theme, and careful repertoire selection, the EYSO challenges students to explore repertoire of the highest quality and significance for its historical connections, compositional devices, social and political significance, and cultural meaning.
Programs.
Youth Symphony.
For advanced high school and college-age students, plays standard symphonic repertoire. Studies major works such as Shostakovich Symphony No. 5, Mahler Symphony No. 1, Rachmaninoff Symphony No. 2, Revueltas’ "Sensemayà", Gershwin’s "Rhapsody in Blue", the Debussy "Nocturnes", Respighi "Pines of Rome", Rimsky-Korsakov’s "Scheherazade", Bernstein’s "On the Waterfront", and many works by contemporary composers.
Philharmonia.
Philharmonia is a high-intermediate level full orchestra for middle and high school players, performing challenging repertoire, while refining orchestral technique. Recent repertoire includes William Walton's Hamlet, A London Symphony IV, and Dvorak's Slavonic Dance. 8 Op. 46
Sinfonia.
An intermediate level full orchestra for middle and high school players, introduced in 2010-11, to provide an introduction to the full symphony orchestra for younger or less experienced wind, brass, and string players.
Prelude Orchestra.
For string players grades 4 - 9, to refine basic orchestral playing skills and string techniques. Prelude Orchestra has commissioned several original works for young string orchestra, including "Westward Journey and Jubilee" by Carrie Lane Gruselle.
Primo Orchestra.
For developing string players, providing young musicians with their first orchestral experience, focusing on playing technique, sight-reading, scales, and auditioning skills. Primo members receive more individual attention and mentoring than is usually possible in a large orchestral setting.
Brass Choir.
A program for brass and percussion players from Youth Symphony and Philharmonia. The Brass Choir performs in all three EYSO season concerts, as well as presenting its own spring concert and masterclass, featuring prominent brass guest artists such as Fulcrum Point New Music Ensemble and the Wisconsin Brass Quintet.
Chamber Music Institute.
Offers opportunities to perform in trios, quartets, or quintets or other combinations, studying the wealth of music written for chamber ensembles. Players learn independence as soloists within the supportive environment of a small group, under the guidance of professional artist musicians who serve as coaches. Typically about one-third of EYSO students also participate in the CMI.
Honors Chamber Groups.
The Maud Powell String Quartet, Hanson String Quartet and Sterling Brass Quintet are selected by competitive audition as honors groups within the Chamber Music Institute. They work with members of the Pacifica Quartet, the Wisconsin Brass Quintet, Rachel Barton Pine, the Pro Arte Quartet, and other world-class coaches, many drawn from the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
Performances.
The EYSO regular season includes performances by all ensembles in the Blizzard Theatre at Elgin Community College. Chamber Music Institute members present concerts each semester as well as ongoing performances throughout the Chicago area. Through the Elgin Symphony Orchestra’s Masterclass Series, many EYSO members work with guest artists like Alicia Weilerstein, Inon Barnatan, Jaimie Laredo and Jennifer Frautschi.
The EYSO Youth Symphony has appeared with Midori, Ted Atkatz and the Chicago band NYCO, the cast of The Jersey Boys, and on NPR’s radio show From the Top. It has also performed at the Ravinia Festival in Chicago and was featured at the 2006 Aberdeen International Festival in Scotland. Members of the EYSO have performed with a wide range of musical artists including Yo Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble, violinist Isabella Lippi, and soprano Kitt Reuter Foss. The EYSO regularly commissions and premieres new works for orchestra by contemporary composers.

</doc>
<doc id="30967529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967529" title="Mirat-ul-Uroos">
Mirat-ul-Uroos

Mirat-ul-Uroos (Urdu: مراۃ العروس, "The bride's mirror") is an Urdu language novel written by muslim author Nazir Ahmad Dehlvi (b. 1830, d. 1912) and published in 1869. The novel contains themes promoting the cause of female education in Muslim and Indian society, and is credited for giving birth to an entire genre of fictional works promoting female literacy in Urdu, Hindi, Punjabi, Kashmiri and other languages of the Indian subcontinent. The book sold over 100,000 copies within a few years of its initial publishing.
Plot.
The story contrasts the lives of two Muslim sisters from Delhi, Akbari and Asghari. The first part of the book describes the life of Akbari, who is raised in privilege. She is depicted as lazy and poorly educated. When she moves to her husband's house after her marriage, she has a very difficult time and brings all manner of unhappiness upon herself by her poor judgment and behavior. The book's second part is centered on Asghari, who is modest, hardworking and educated well in a school. She despises idle chatter and is the beloved of all in her "mohalla" (neighborhood). When she is married, she too undergoes a difficult transition, but through her hard-work, winsome manners and good education is able to form solid bonds with her husband's family and the people of her new "mohalla". The story goes through a number of twists and turns that describes the experiences of the two women at various stages in their lives.
Sequel.
In 1873, ""Banat-un-Nash"" (بنات النعش, "Daughters of the bier" which is also the Arabic name for the constellation Ursa Major) was published as a sequel to Mirat-ul-Uroos. It depicted Asghari running a girls' school in her "mohalla".
TV drama.
Mirat-ul-Uroos was also adapted for television by PTV Pakistan Television Corporation under the same name. The role of "Asghari" was played by Arifa Siddiqui.
In 2011, this story was once again adapted into a comedy television drama, which aired on Hum TV, by the name of Akbari Asghari. The role of Akbari was played by Sanam Baloch and Asghari was played by Humaima Malik. Imran Abbas Naqvi & Fawad Afzal Khan played the male leads.
In 2013, the story of Akbari and Asghari continues with Mirat Ul Uroos a Geo TV drama. This serial is about the grand-daughters of Akbari whose character played by Aamina Sheikh and Mehwish Hayat and the grand-sons of Asghari whose character played by Mikaal Zulfiqar and Ahsan Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="30967536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967536" title="Macleay River Bridge">
Macleay River Bridge

The Macleay River Bridge is a road bridge over the Macleay River and its floodplain near the settlement of Frederickton, New South Wales, Australia. The bridge is part of the Pacific Highway new alignment which bypasses Kempsey and Frederickton. The long bridge carries four lanes of traffic; two lanes in each direction, each lane .
It is currently the longest road bridge in Australia. The bridge is constructed of 941 concrete beams supported by 93 piers. Installation of all support beams was completed in October 2012. On 24 February 2013 the bridge was opened to visitors for a preview walk and it was opened to traffic on 27 March 2013.
The bridge was constructed by Abigroup as part of the 618 million project funded by the Australian Government from the Building Australia Fund.
In February 2013 the local indigenous Dangghati people requested to name the bridge ‘Yapang gurraarrbang gayandugayigu’, which translates in English to a 'very long track to the other side’. The group’s submission received a support of the Macleay Coast Tourism Association and the Slim Dusty Centre. The final name for the bridge will be finalised by end of June.

</doc>
<doc id="30967537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967537" title="Li Jian">
Li Jian

Li Jian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30967544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967544" title="Paul Farrow">
Paul Farrow

Paul Farrow (born July 17, 1964) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Paul Farrow graduated from the Waukesha County Technical College and Carroll University. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Senate in December 2012 to fill the vacancy of Senator Rich Zipperer, who resigned to take a job with the Governor's office. He is the owner of a home inspection business.
His mother is former Wisconsin Lieutenant Governor Margaret Farrow.

</doc>
<doc id="30967559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967559" title="Medan Jaya">
Medan Jaya

Medan Jaya or Penajam Medan Jaya (2008–09) or Medina Medan Jaya (2010-now) is an Indonesian football club based in Medan, North Sumatra. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.
Medan Jaya stadium named Teladan Stadium. Its location was in downtown Medan, North Sumatra.
History.
Medan Jaya was established in 1987 and has become a well-respected club in the era of competition Galatama as well as the Premier Division competition. But the achievements of this team started to decline in 2000. In season 1999/2000, Medan Jaya was relegated to the First Division and thrown back to the Second Division in season 2004. Medan Jaya re-tread into First Division competition started the 2006 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30967562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967562" title="Lokve pri Dobrniču">
Lokve pri Dobrniču

Lokve pri Dobrniču is a small settlement immediately east of Dobrnič in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. Traditionally the area was part of Lower Carniola. The Municipality of Trebnje is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Lokve" to "Lokve pri Dobrniču" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="30967567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967567" title="Gordon McKenzie">
Gordon McKenzie

Gordon Edmund McKenzie (June 26, 1927 – July 19, 2013) was an American athlete who competed in the 10,000 meters at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia and the marathon at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy. McKenzie finished second to Paavo Kotila in the 1960 Boston Marathon, an Olympic trials race.
McKenzie was also an AAU cross country champion (1954) who finished fourth in the 5000 meters at the 1955 Pan American Games and was a silver medalist in the marathon at the 1963 Pan American Games.
McKenzie was from Great Neck, New York. His wife was Chris McKenzie, a former British World Record Holder in the 3X880 yds. 

</doc>
<doc id="30967575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967575" title="Valea Boțului River">
Valea Boțului River

The Valea Botului River is a tributary of the Fruntești River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="30967581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967581" title="Neolitsea australiensis">
Neolitsea australiensis

Neolitsea australiensis, also known as the Green Bolly Gum, is an Australian rainforest tree, in the laurel family. The specific epithet is derived from "Australia", and the Latin "ensis"; meaning "native of Australia".
Description.
Usually seen from 6 to 15 high with a stem diameter of 25 cm. However, at Murray Scrub, it is 40 metres tall with a trunk diameter of 50 cm. Bark is smooth and dark brown on a cylindrical trunk.
Leaves.
Leaves are pointed; ovate to elliptic in shape, 6 to 13 cm long, 2 to 6 cm wide. Glossy above and pale grey below. The leaf stem is green, between 12 and 20 mm long. Leaf veins are prominent, with three to five lateral veins. The basal pair of veins starts around 5 mm from the leaf base. And travels for about half the leaf length in a curve. Twigs are smooth, either brown or green.
Flowers & fruit.
Scented cream flowers form in stalk-less clusters from March to September. The fruit are larger than those of Neolitsea dealbata, 20 mm long and 14 mm wide, the seed is pointed, around 10 mm long. Fruit eaten by a variety of birds, including Green Catbird, Regent Bowerbird, Satin Bowerbird, Topknot Pigeon and White-headed Pigeon. Removal of the black aril is advised for propagation by seed.
Distribution.
The species is an under-storey tree found in rainforests in New South Wales and Queensland, north from Ourimbah to near Maryborough, Queensland. Often found on the better more fertile alluvial or volcanic soils. In the field it may be difficult to distinguish between the similar Cryptocarya rigida and Neolitsea dealbata.

</doc>
<doc id="30967583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967583" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 1500 metres">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 1500 metres

These are the results of the Women's 1500 metres event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
First 6 of each heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 5 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30967610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967610" title="Albert Fulivai">
Albert Fulivai

Albert Fulivai (born 25 June 1968) is a Tongan rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
Fulivai attended St Edmund's College and originally played rugby union. In 1986 he was the vice captain of the Australian Schools Rugby Union team.
He then switched to rugby union and joined the Canberra Raiders. He made his first grade debut in 1993, against the Illawarra Steelers. Fulivai played forty four first grade matches for the club over six seasons.
Representative career.
Fulivai played for Tonga at the 1994 Pacific Cup, which Tonga won.
In 1995 he was picked for Tonga for the World Cup but had to withdraw due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="30967617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967617" title="Beşiktaş JK 10–0 Adana Demirspor">
Beşiktaş JK 10–0 Adana Demirspor

10-0 is the nickname for the game played between Beşiktaş JK and Adana Demirspor on October 15, 1989. Beşiktaş won the game 10-0, setting a new record margin of victory for a match in the Turkish First League.
The game.
Beşiktaş had a bad start to the 1989–90 Turkish First League season, losing twice and drawing once in their first five games. Manager Gordon Milne decided to only field Turkish players in the next game, a decision which was widely criticised at the time. The game was played on a chilly but sunny day in Ali Sami Yen Stadium. The first goal came early, in the second minute, when Ali Gültiken scored a header. Beşiktaş scored ten goals in the match, with Gültiken scoring four of the goals, and Feyyaz Uçar and Metin Tekin each scoring a hat-trick. After the game, Beşiktaş' form improved and the team went on to become the league champions at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="30967625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967625" title="Satsumon culture">
Satsumon culture

The is a post-Jōmon, partially agricultural, archeological culture of northern Honshu and southern Hokkaido (700–1200 CE) that has been identified as the Emishi, as a Japanese-Emishi mixed culture, as the incipient modern Ainu, or with all three synonymously. It may have arisen as a merger of the Yayoi–Kofun and the Jōmon cultures. The Satsumon culture appears to have spread from northern Honshu into Hokkaido, Sakhalin, the Kuril Islands, and southern Kamchatka, merging with or displacing the Okhotsk culture in those areas.

</doc>
<doc id="30967630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967630" title="Jena Paradies station">
Jena Paradies station

Jena Paradies station is the main railway station of the city of Jena in the German state of Thuringia. It is on the Saal Railway and is served by Intercity-Express (ICE) trains on the Berlin–Munich route and regional trains to and from Naumburg, Saalfeld and Pößneck. It is named after and adjacent to Paradies ("paradise") Park, which is on the eastern shore of the Saale river.
Location.
Jena Paradies station is on the southern edge of the city of Jena on a narrow strip of land between the ring road to the west and the Saale river in the east. In front of the station there are two tram stops and the town’s bus station, so that numerous public transport connections exist.
History.
Jena Paradies station was opened on 15 October 1880. Until 1999, it served as a centrally located stop only for regional transport, long-distance trains on the Saal Railway stopped at Jena Saal station. In September 1996, the Jena City Council chose Jena Paradies as the stop for the new ICE service in preference to the remote northerly location of Jena Saal station. Lack of funds at Deutsche Bahn then led to delays and the construction of a temporary station. Two wooden auxiliary platform were built in 1998/1999 south of the old station for about two million Deutsche Marks. It was opened on 26 September 1999, when the stopping point in Jena for ICE trains on the Berlin–Leipzig–Munich route was transferred there from the Saal station.
On 1 March 2002, construction and financing contracts for the new ICE station was signed between Deutsche Bahn, the state of Thuringia and the city of Jena. The new station was to replace the existing regional station in 2004 at a cost of € 16.1 million.
The old station building was abandoned, at the beginning of reconstruction in 2003, as the existing island platform did not have the required 370 m length for ICE operations. The construction of the two new platforms between km 27.0 and 27.4 was carried out next to the existing railway line, with rail services continuing to operate. On 18 June 2005, the new facilities were passed for operations. The construction cost was around € 21 million.
Layout.
The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a "Haltepunkte" (loosely: "halt"), as it is not a rail junction and, more specifically, it has no sets of points. It consists of two 370 m-long platforms, with a length of 117 metres under cover on each platform. As it is built on an embankment, there is limited space in the single storey building with rooms for two ticket offices for Deutsche Bahn and a bakery, which sells newspapers and other travel-related products in addition to pastries. The adjacent toilets can be used during opening times. These facilities extend over a length of 63 metres. An underpass was built through the embankment under the stations, creating a link between the park and the city.
Travellers wishing to connect with the Holzland Railway (Erfurt–Weimar–Gera), the second line running through Jena, have to use Jena West station, which is 800 metres away or alternatively change at Jena-Göschwitz station, a few kilometres to the south.
Importance.
The station is the only long distance station in Jena, since the abandonment of long distance passenger operations on the Mid-German Connection and its associated stops at Jena West and Jena-Göschwitz, which was the only place in Jena where it was previously possible to transfer between long-distance trains. Jena Paradies station is used on an average day by about 3,500 passengers, second only to Jena West station, which has more commuter traffic.
Operations.
The completion of the Nuremberg–Erfurt high-speed line will lead to Jena—along with Saalfeld and the Bavarian station of Lichtenfels—losing their ICE stops in favour of Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="30967636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967636" title="Genome evolution">
Genome evolution

Genome evolution is the process by which a genome changes in structure (sequence) or size over time. The study of genome evolution involves multiple fields such as structural analysis of the genome, the study of genomic parasites, gene and ancient genome duplications, polyploidy, and comparative genomics. Genome evolution is a constantly changing and evolving field due to the steadily growing number of sequenced genomes, both prokaryotic and eukaryotic, available to the scientific community and the public at large.
History.
Since the first sequenced genomes became available in the late 1970s, scientists have been using comparative genomics to study the differences and similarities between various genomes. Genome sequencing has progressed over time to include more and more complex genomes including the eventual sequencing of the entire human genome in 2001. By comparing genomes of both close relatives and distant ancestors the stark differences and similarities between species began to emerge as well as the mechanisms by which genomes are able evolve over time.
Prokaryotic and eukaryotic genomes.
Prokaryotes.
Prokaryotes are unicellular organisms that do not have membrane-bound organelles and lack a structurally distinct nucleus. Prokaryotic genomes have two main mechanisms of evolution: mutation and horizontal gene transfer. A third mechanism, sexual reproduction, prominent in eukaryotes, is not found in bacteria. The large majority of prokaryotic genomes contain a single, circular chromosome. However, there are some bacteria that do possess more than one chromosome, such as "Vibrio cholera" which contains two circular chromosomes. Other bacteria such as "Borrelia burgdorferi", the causative bacterium in Lyme disease are unique in that they contain a linear chromosome as opposed to the more common circular conformation. The presence of only one chromosome makes prokaryotic organisms much more vulnerable to mutation.
Prokaryotes can acquire novel genetic material through the process of bacterial conjugation in which both plasmids and whole chromosomes can be passed between organisms.Plasmids are small extracellular and circular DNA. An often cited example of this process is the transfer of antibiotic resistance utilizing plasmid DNA. Another mechanism of genome evolution is provided by transduction whereby bacteriophages introduce new DNA into a bacterial genome.
Genome evolution in bacteria is well understood because of the thousands of completely sequenced bacterial genomes available. Less is understood regarding eukaryotes since their genomes tend to be much larger and more complex making the sequencing of a eukaryotic genome much more costly and time-consuming in comparison.
Eukaryotes.
Eukaryotic genomes are generally larger than that of the prokaryotes. While the "E.coli" genome is roughly 4.6Mb in length, in comparison the Human genome is much larger with a size of approximately 3.2Gb. The eukaryotic genome is linear and can be composed of multiple chromosomes, packaged in the nucleus of the cell. The non-coding portions of the gene,known as introns,which are largely not present in prokaryotes, are removed by RNA splicing before translation of the protein can occur. Eukaryotic genomes evolve over time through many mechanisms including sexual reproduction which introduces much greater genetic diversity to the offspring than the prokaryotic process of replication in which the offspring are theoretically genetic clones of the parental cell.
Genome size.
Genome size is usually measured in base pairs (or bases in single-stranded DNA or RNA). The C-value is another measure of genome size. Research on prokaryotic genomes shows that there is a significant positive correlation between the C-value of prokaryotes and the amount of genes that compose the genome. This indicates that gene number is the main factor influencing the size of the prokaryotic genome. In eukaryotic organisms, there is a paradox observed, namely that the number of genes that make up the genome does not correlate with genome size. In other words, the genome size is much larger than would be expected given the total number of protein coding genes.
Genome size can increase by duplication, insertion, or polyploidization. Recombination can lead to both DNA loss or gain. Genomes can also shrink because of deletions. A famous example for such gene decay is the genome of "Mycobacterium leprae", the causative agent of leprosy. "M.leprae" has lost many once-functional genes over time due to the formation of pseudogenes. This is evident in looking at its closest ancestor "Mycobacterium tuberculosis". "M. leprae" lives inside and replicates inside of a host and due to this arrangement it does not have a need for many of the genes it once carried which allowed it to live and prosper outside of the host. Thus over time these genes have lost their function through mechanisms such as mutation causing them to become pseudogenes. It is beneficial to an organism to rid itself of non-essential genes because it makes replicating its DNA much faster and requires less energy.
An example of increasing genome size over time is seen in filamentous plant pathogens. These plant pathogen genomes have been growing larger over the years due to repeat-driven expansion. The repeat-rich regions contain genes coding for host interaction proteins. With the addition of more and more repeats to these regions the plants increase the possibility of developing new virulence factors through mutation and other forms of genetic recombination. In this way it is beneficial for these plant pathogens to have larger genomes.
Mechanisms of genome evolution.
Gene duplication.
Gene duplication is the process by which a region of DNA coding for a gene is duplicated. This can occur as the result of an error in recombination or through a retrotransposition event. Duplicate genes are often immune to the selective pressure under which genes normally exist. This can result in a large number of mutations accumulating in the duplicate gene code. This may render the gene non-functional or in some cases confer some benefit to the organism.
Whole genome duplication.
Similar to gene duplication, whole genome duplication is the process by which an organism’s entire genetic information is copied, once or multiple times which is known as polyploidy. This may provide an evolutionary benefit to the organism by supplying it with multiple copies of a gene thus creating a greater possibility of functional and selectively favored genes. In 1997, Wolfe & Shields gave evidence for an ancient duplication of the "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" (Yeast) genome. It was initially noted that this yeast genome contained many individual gene duplications. Wolfe & Shields hypothesized that this was actually the result of an entire genome duplication in the yeast’s distant evolutionary history. They found 32 pairs of homologous chromosomal regions, accounting for over half of the yeast's genome. They also noted that although homologs were present, they were often located on different chromosomes. Based on these observations, they determined that "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" underwent a whole genome duplication soon after its evolutionary split from "Kluyveromyces", a genus of ascomycetous yeasts. Over time, many of the duplicate genes were deleted and rendered non-functional. A number of chromosomal rearrangements broke the original duplicate chromosomes into the current manifestation of homologous chromosomal regions. This idea was further solidified in looking at the genome of yeast's close relative "Ashbya gossypii". Whole genome duplication is common in fungi as well as plant species. An example of extreme genome duplication is represented by the Common Cordgrass ("Spartina anglica") which is a dodecaploid, meaning that it contains 12 sets of chromosomes, in stark contrast to the human diploid structure in which each individual has only two sets of 23 chromosomes.
Transposable elements.
Transposable elements are regions of DNA that can be inserted into the genetic code through one of two mechanisms. These mechanisms work similarly to "cut-and-paste" and "copy-and-paste" functionalities in word processing programs. The "cut-and-paste" mechanism works by excising DNA from one place in the genome and inserting itself into another location in the code. The "copy-and-paste" mechanism works by making a genetic copy or copies of a specific region of DNA and inserting these copies elsewhere in the code. The most common transposable element in the human genome is the Alu sequence, which is present in the genome over one million times.
Mutation.
Spontaneous mutations often occur which can cause various changes in the genome. Mutations can result in the addition or deletion of one or more nucleotide bases. A change in the code can result in a frameshift mutation which causes the entire code to be read in the wrong order and thus often results in a protein becoming non-functional. A mutation in a promoter region, enhancer region or a region coding for transcription factors can also result in either a loss of function or and upregulation or downregulation in transcription of that gene. Mutations are constantly occurring in an organism's genome and can cause either a negative effect, positive effect or no effect at all.
Pseudogenes.
Often a result of spontaneous mutation, pseudogenes are dysfunctional genes derived from previously functional gene relatives. There are many mechanisms by which a functional gene can become a pseudogene including the deletion or insertion of one or multiple nucleotides. This can result in a shift of reading frame, causing the gene to longer code for the expected protein, a premature stop codon or a mutation in the promoter region. Oft cited examples of pseudogenes within the human genome include the once functional olfactory gene families. Over time, many olfactory genes in the human genome became pseudogenes and were no longer able to produce functional proteins, explaining the poor sense of smell humans possess in comparison to their mammalian relatives.
Exon shuffling.
Exon shuffling is a mechanism by which new genes are created. This can occur when two or more exons from different genes are combined together or when exons are duplicated. Exon shuffling results in new genes by altering the current intron-exon structure. This can occur by any of the following processes: transposon mediated shuffling, sexual recombination or illegitimate recombination. Exon shuffling may introduce new genes into the genome that can be either selected against and deleted or selectively favored and conserved.
Genome reduction and gene loss.
Many species exhibit genome reduction when subsets of their genes are not needed anymore. This typically happens when organisms adapt to a parasitic life style, e.g. when their nutrients are supplied by a host. As a consequence, they lose the genes need to produce these nutrients. In many cases, there are both free living and parasitic species that can be compared and their lost genes identified. Good examples are the genomes of "Mycobacterium tuberculosis" and "Mycobacterium leprae", the latter of which has a dramatically reduced genome.
Another beautiful example are endosymbiont species. For instance, "Polynucleobacter necessarius" was first described as a cytoplasmic endosymbiont of the ciliate "Euplotes aediculatus". The latter species dies soon after being cured of the endosymbiont. In the few cases in which "P. necessarius" is not present, a different and rarer bacterium apparently supplies the same function. No attempt to grow symbiotic "P. necessarius" outside their hosts has yet been successful, strongly suggesting that the relationship is obligate for both partners. Yet, closely related free-living relatives of P. necessarius have been identified. The endosymbionts have a significantly reduced genome when compared to their free-living relatives (1.56 Mbp vs. 2.16 Mbp).
Composition of nucleotides (GC content).
The genetic code is made up of sequences of four nucleotide bases: Adenine, Guanine, Cytosine and Thymine, commonly referred to as A,G,C,and T. The GC-content is the percentage of G & C bases within a genome. GC-content varies greatly between different organisms. Gene coding regions have been shown to have a higher GC-content and the longer the gene is, the greater the percentage of G and C bases that are present. A higher GC-content confers a benefit because a Guanine-Cytosine bond is made up of three hydrogen bonds while an Adenine-Thymine bond is made up of only two. Thus the three hydrogen bonds give greater stability to the DNA strand. So, it is not surprising that important genes often have a higher GC-content than other parts of an organism's genome. For this reason, many species living at very high temperatures such as the ecosystems surrounding hydrothermal vents, have a very high GC-content. High GC-content is also seen in regulatory sequences such as promoters which signal the start of a gene. Many promoters contain CpG islands, areas of the genome where a cytosine nucleotide occurs next to a guanine nucleotide at a greater proportion. It has also been shown that a broad distribution of GC-content between species within a genus shows a more ancient ancestry. Since the species have had more time to evolve, their GC-content has diverged further apart.
Evolving translation of genetic code.
Amino acids are made up of three base long codons and both Glycine and Alanine are characterized by a Guanine-Cytosine bond at the first two positions. This GC bond gives more stability to the DNA structure. It has been hypothesized that as the first organisms evolved in a high-heat and pressure environment they needed the stability of these GC bonds in their genetic code. There is a theory that our current understanding of the three base codon has evolved from what was once a two base code for amino acids.
De-novo origin of genes.
Novel genes can arise from non-coding DNA. For instance, Levine and colleagues reported the origin of five new genes in the "D. melanogaster" genome from noncoding DNA. Subsequently, de novo origin of genes has been also shown in other organisms such as yeast, rice and humans.

</doc>
<doc id="30967644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967644" title="Cal Crum">
Cal Crum

Clarence Newton "Cal" Crum (July 27, 1889July 7, 1945) was a professional baseball player. In an eight-year career, Crum played in the 1917 and 1918 Major League Baseball seasons for the Boston Braves. Crum was officially listed as standing and weighing .
Early life.
Crum was born on either July 27, 1889 or July 27, 1890 in Cooks Mills, Illinois.
Career.
Crum began playing professional baseball in 1914, spending the year with two teams: the Charleston Senators of the Ohio State League and the Portsmouth Cobblers of the same league. Combined, Crum recorded a 19–13 win–loss record over 19 games pitched. Offensively, he batted .271 with 108 hits and seven home runs.
In 1915, Crum was promoted to the B-level, playing for the San Antonio Bronchos and the Shreveport Gassers, both of the Texas League. Over the 1915 season, Crum pitched 105.2 innings, allowing 64 runs off of 107 hits. He had a batting average of .176 with six total bases.
In 1916, Crum again played for two teams: the Terre Haute Highlanders] of Terre Haute, Indiana, and the Muskegon Reds of Muskegon, Michigan. For the two teams, Crum posted a win–loss record of 10–11 over 31 games pitched. Crum's earned run average (ERA), 2.26, was the second best on the Muskegon Reds (Louis LeRoy recorded an ERA of 1.90 over eight games pitched).
Crum made his Major League debut on May 4, 1917, for the Boston Braves. For the year, he pitched one game, allowing a walk and a hit over one inning pitched.
Crum appeared in one game for the Braves in 1918, recording a loss and a 15.43 ERA, the latter being the worst on the team for the 1918 season. Afterwards, on May 6, 1918, Crum was traded, along with Tex Covington, to the Indianapolis Indians for Dana Fillingim. Over the 1918 season, Crum recorded a 2.50 ERA, and, at age 28, was the second-youngest pitcher on the team.
In 1919, Crum continued his stint with the Indians. His 20 wins and 14 losses were second on the team to former Detroit Tiger Pug Cavet. Crum's 1920 season consisted of playing four games for the Indians. After not playing in the 1921 and 1922 seasons, Crum played his final minor-league baseball season with the Tulsa Oilers. Crum played in eight games for the Oilers, recording a team-best winning percentage of 1.000.
After baseball.
Crum died on either July 7, 1945, or December 7, 1945, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and was buried in Memorial Park Cemetery in Tulsa.

</doc>
<doc id="30967653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967653" title="John Abraham National Award for Best Documentary in SIGNS 2011">
John Abraham National Award for Best Documentary in SIGNS 2011

SIGNS.
The prestigious John Abraham Awards were instituted in 1999 by the Federation of Film Societies of India (Keralam) as an annual award for the best Malayalam Feature, Short Feature and Documentary in memory of John Abraham, the guiding spirit behind radical initiatives for people’s cinema, who extended the horizons of cinema both aesthetically and politically.
2005 onwards, the competition has been extended to the national level, focusing on documentary and short film in video format, opening a new festival-SIGNS.
SIGNS became the platform for showcasing the best of digital/video productions made in the country every year. The festival provides filmmakers a rare opportunity to present their work, discuss and interact with the viewers and fellow film makers, and possibly to get new ventures and partnerships. A touring festival of selected films from SIGNS is also conducted in different parts of South India.
PROGRAMME.
SIGNS includes a national level competition for documentaries and short features. Apart from awards for categories like short feature, documentaries, cinema of resistance and cinema experimenta, there will be another award for the best film in video made from campus inside Kerala, “campus cuts”, from 2011. The awards for cinema of resistance and cinema experimenta are irrespective of category.
JURY.
For the first edition, the three-member jury for selecting the best from SIGNS was chaired by Shri. Adoor Gopalakrishnan, with Smt. Chandita Mukherjee and Shri Sunny Joseph as members. In the second edition, Shri. Syeed Akhtar Mirza was the chairman and Smt. Bina Paul Venugopal and Shri M.R. Rajan were members of the Jury. The third edition Jury was chaired by Shri. Kumar Shahani and Dr. C.S. Venkateswaran and Shri. T.K. Rajeev Kumar, members. In the fourth time there was a competition section for Feature film as well. The Feature film Jury was headed by Shri Mani Kaul and Smt. Fareeda Mehta and Shri. Rajeev Vijayaraghavan were the jury members. The jury for non-feature films was chaired by Shri. Arun Khopkar, Shri. Chalom Bennurkar and Shri. B. Ajith Kumar were members.

</doc>
<doc id="30967656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967656" title="The Very Best of Randy Travis">
The Very Best of Randy Travis

The Very Best of Randy Travis is a compilation album by American country music artist Randy Travis. It was released in 2004 via Warner Bros. Records. The album peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30967657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967657" title="Lions Municipal Golf Course">
Lions Municipal Golf Course

Lions Municipal Golf Course was constructed in 1928 by a yet-unknown architect for the Lions club, and has been under the operation of the city of Austin, Texas since 1936. The course was Austin's first public golf course, and is historically notable for being the first golf course south of the Mason-Dixon Line to racially integrate. The desegregation of the course occurred in 1951 while the Austin city council was weighing whether it was more economical to build a separate golf course for African Americans or allow them to play Lions. However, before a decision was made, two black youths arrived at Lions and began playing a round of golf. Upon hearing of the ongoing round, the mayor of Austin rushed to city hall to consult with two city councilmen. The group concluded that they should allow the players to continue their round, permanently opening public golf to African Americans in the south. The desegregation of Lions is unusual in the fact that it was voluntary, whereas other southern municipalities fought against the integration of their public courses in court.
One month prior to winning the 1950 U.S. Open, Ben Hogan played an exhibition match with Harvey Penick, Morris Williams Jr., and Ed Hopkins in front of a large gallery. When Hogan approached the tee at what is now #16 he claimed it to be "the only hole I've ever seen without a fairway." After birdying the difficult par 4, the hole eternally became Known as 'The Hogan Hole'.

</doc>
<doc id="30967658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967658" title="Sidekick (TV series)">
Sidekick (TV series)

Sidekick is a Canadian animated television series created by Todd Kauffman (former co-director of "Total Drama") and Joey So. The series first aired on YTV on September 3, 2010 in Canada as a special preview and officially premiered on October 2, 2010 at 10:30AM ET. It premiered on Cartoon Network on June 13, 2011 at 3:30PM ET in the United States. The series is based on the original shorts of the same name aired as part of the 2005 TV series, "Funpak". The series ended on September 14, 2013.
Plot.
The series is about an orphan boy named Eric, with his best friend Trevor and his two female friends, Vana and Kitty, who are training to become sidekicks at the Academy for Aspiring Sidekicks. While dealing with intense sidekick training, Eric must also contend with the disappearance of his superhero mentor, Maxum Man, and keep it a secret from the town of Splitsboro, his strict guardian Maxum Brain, his grumpy teacher, Professor Pamplemoose and the evil Master Xox.

</doc>
<doc id="30967670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967670" title="Gísli Halldórsson">
Gísli Halldórsson

Gísli Halldórsson (2 February 1927 – 27 July 1998) was an Icelandic actor of theatre, radio, film and television, and one of the most popular Icelandic actors of the late twentieth century. He is known internationally for playing the lead role in Children of Nature, which was nominated for an Academy Award as best foreign language film in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="30967681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967681" title="Persipon Pontianak">
Persipon Pontianak

Persipon or Persipon Pontianak or Persatuan Sepak Bola Indonesia Pontianak (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Pontianak") is an Indonesian football club based in Pontianak, West Kalimantan. The club plays in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="30967685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967685" title="Flevans">
Flevans

Flevans the stage name of Nigel Evans also known as Mooch. a British electronic musician and DJ. He was born on January 28, 1978 in Brighton, West Sussex, United Kingdom. He early started making music, in his beginnings by using a four track cassette recorder. Not long after, his innate knack for crafting irresistible hooks was noticed by Tru Thoughts, thanks to a demo created solely using the mentioned recorder and a 10 second sampler. The British label run by Robert Luis and Paul Jonas produced his first published works. Including Begin Again (12", Single) in 2002; Looking Out For Mr Bundle (12", EP) in 2003; and the his successful first album Make New Friends in 2004 which combines a fresh mix of disco and funk with cut and paste sampling sensibilities and infectious basslines. In 2007 Flevans released Cold Hands (12") and, in September of the same year his second album Unfabulous. Both works under the label Jack To Phono Records. After this album Flevans jumped to the next level. As a trained multi-instrumentalist he always had incorporated some of his own music in his albums. But it was not until 2009, after a short period playing bass for Brighton's band Backini one year before, when Flevans released his third album 27 Devils, again under Tru Thoughts label. 27 Devils is a totally free of samples album, in which Flevans swapped the vinyl, on which he had previously relied for samples and beats, for instrumental sound. In this album he even add some of his vocals on a couple of tracks. After this album, Flevans signed a new three album deal with his original producer label, Tru Thoughts. Product of this contract is his last album The 28th Devil released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30967691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967691" title="National Crisis Management Centre">
National Crisis Management Centre

The National Crisis Management Centre (NCMC), also known as the Beehive Bunker, is the New Zealand government crisis management command centre situated under the "Beehive" building in Wellington.
It is designed to withstand earthquakes rated 'Intense' (X) on the Modified Mercalli scale, and is maintained by the Ministry of Civil Defence & Emergency Management to be always ready for an emergency.

</doc>
<doc id="30967702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967702" title="Halcampidae">
Halcampidae

Halcampidae is a family of sea anemones.
Genera.
Genera in the family include:

</doc>
<doc id="30967705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967705" title="Okhotsk culture">
Okhotsk culture

The Okhotsk culture is an archeological coastal fishing and hunter-gatherer culture of the lands surrounding the Sea of Okhotsk (600–1000 CE in Hokkaido, –1500 or 1600 CE in the Kurils): the Amur River basin, Sakhalin, northern Hokkaido, the Kuril Islands, and Kamchatka. It appears to have spread outwards from the Amur River region, only to be partially absorbed or pushed back by the Satsumon culture spreading north from Japan, but nevertheless surviving, for example, in the Nivkh of Sakhalin and the Amur and in Itelmen of Kamchatka. The historical Ainu people appear to have retained a strong element of the Okhotsk, but the Satsumon culture, and perhaps language, appears to have dominated the mix of people who contemporaneously became known as the Ainu. Fundamental Okhotsk elements remained, however, such as the bear cult.
Kisao Ishizuki of the Sapporo University claimed that the people of the Okhotsk culture was recorded under the name Mishihase on the Japanese record "Nihon Shoki".

</doc>
<doc id="30967738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967738" title="Glycinol (pterocarpan)">
Glycinol (pterocarpan)

Glycinol is a pterocarpan, a type of natural phenol. It is a phytoalexin found in the soybean ("Glycine max"). It is formed by the cyclisation of daidzein. It has antiestrogenic activities.
It can be synthethised chemically and possesses two chiral centers.
Glycinol is the direct precursor of glyceollins through the action of a prenyltransferase. 
Experiments show that the 6a oxygen of glycinol is derived from molecular oxygen.

</doc>
<doc id="30967752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967752" title="List of tallest buildings in Abbotsford, British Columbia">
List of tallest buildings in Abbotsford, British Columbia

None of Abbotsford's tallest buildings are among the tallest in Canada, but are generally taller than the tallest buildings in the nearby cities of Chilliwack, Richmond and White Rock, though Surrey, Burnaby and Vancouver all have taller buildings. This may partly be explained by the fact that Abbotsford is close to Metro Vancouver but is a metropolitan area in its own right. This has spurred highrise development and the city continues to build and propose towers going even higher, prompting the creation of this list.
Abbotsford has always been a city of low-rise construction. In Abbotsford, there are 8 buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 5-storey, Mill Tower. The tallest modern, residential building in the city is Garden Park Towers, standing at tall with 17 storeys.
, the city has 2 structures under proposal.
Buildings.
This list ranks Abbotsford high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.

</doc>
<doc id="30967754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967754" title="Valea Salciei River">
Valea Salciei River

The Valea Salciei River is a tributary of the Godinești River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="30967756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967756" title="University School of Colorado Springs">
University School of Colorado Springs

University School of Colorado Springs is a PreKindergarten-12 school in Colorado Springs, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="30967785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967785" title="List of Deputy Chairmen of the Federation Council of Russia">
List of Deputy Chairmen of the Federation Council of Russia

The following is a list of Deputy Chairmen of the Federation Council of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="30967787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967787" title="Ida Lou Anderson">
Ida Lou Anderson

Ida Lou Anderson (November 6, 1900 - September 16, 1941) was a pioneer in the field of radio broadcasting. She was a professor at Washington State College in the 1920s and 1930s. One of Anderson's earliest and most impressive students was Edward R. Murrow who went on to a legendary broadcasting career at CBS.
Early life.
Ida Lou Anderson was born in the south in Morganton, Tennessee and moved to Washington state as a small child, settling with her family in Colfax, the Whitman County seat just a few miles from Pullman. She had polio as a child, resulting in serious physical handicaps. She took drama and speech lessons from her neighbor, Mrs. Roy LaFollette, a 1915 graduate of the University of California, who had majored in drama and who had performed often in campus productions. In a memorial publication commissioned by Murrow in 1941, LaFollette recalled the enormous natural oratory talents of the crippled young girl.
College Years.
As a college student Ida Lou excelled in speech and drama classes and at the campus theater. In 1926, shortly after graduation, she became the college's youngest and one of its most popular professors; she was also a broadcasting coach and radio station advisor. Anderson demanded, and received, maximum effort from her students. Edward Murrow was her prize pupil, the one she called her "masterpiece." Murrow took 19 speech courses in his four years in Pullman. She helped him polish his radio technique with private lessons, introduced him to poetry and classical literature, and encouraged his wide reading and love of music. They spent hours conversing on literature, politics, and human nature, and he escorted her to dances and dramatic performances. Murrow later wrote to his fiancée Janet Brewster about Anderson (whom he sometimes referred to as the "other woman"): "She taught me to love good books, good music, gave me the only sense of values I have."
Advisor to Murrow.
"This is London" became a phrase familiar to the world as Murrow broadcast on CBS during the Nazi blitzkrieg of London during the early days of World War II. Ida Lou had suggested this opening phrase to him. It was also at her suggestion that Murrow made that half-second pause after the first word of the phrase: "This--is London." During Murrow's broadcasts she would sit in total silence in a dark room and later would wire him suggestions on how to improve his presentation.
Later Years.
Ida Lou was forced to retire from active teaching at a young age. She died of complications from polio in her early forties, but her influence continued long past her death. This I Believe, one of Murrow's later broadcasts showed Ida Lou's lasting impact.

</doc>
<doc id="30967792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967792" title="Bărboasa River">
Bărboasa River

The Bărboasa River is a tributary of the Berheci River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="30967796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967796" title="Joseph E. Slater">
Joseph E. Slater

Joseph E. Slater (1922-2002), was an economist and intellectual entrepreneur who played a key role in the "de-Nazification" of Germany after World War II, was instrumental in making the Aspen Institute an important East-West conduit in the Cold War and authored the original blueprint for the Peace Corps. 
"The central purpose of Joe's Slater's life has been "to create a network of institutions and people who can generate and transmit tremors that will ultimately 'change things' in an orderly way." 
Early life.
Mr. Slater was born in Salt Lake City in 1922. His family moved in high school to Palo Alto and he attended college at Berkley where he won Phi Beta Kappa honors and joined the faculty as an instructor in economics. After Pearl Harbor he enlisted in the Navy and was commissioned an ensign in Boston. He was transferred to the London office to work on plans for post-war Europe. He was one of the first officers in HItler's bunker after it was bombed.
German reconstruction.
From 1944 to 1954, Mr. Slater had a number of crucial posts in Europe and Washington as postwar European alliances emerged and as Germany became a modern democracy. As hostilities drew to a close, he helped work on the Four Power Allied Control Council, which controlled Germany after its defeat. On this assignment he met his wife and lifelong partner, Annelore Kremser. Ms. Kremser was a German Jew who had fled Germany in the 1930s as a teenager and had returned with the US military to find her parents who had been hiding during the war.
Until 1948, Mr. Slater served as the deputy United States secretary to the council when he moved to the policy planning staff at the State Department to help form the United Nations. In 1949, Mr. Slater was named Secretary General of the Allied High Commission in Germany and three years later moved to Paris where he served as executive secretary in the office of the United States representatives to NATO and the Organization for European Economic Cooperation, set up under the Marshall Plan.
Civil society.
Mr. Slater returned from Europe in the 1950s and served as the chief economist for an Standard Oil Company and the international affairs program of the Ford Foundation. At the Ford Foundation he played a key role in lobbying the US to recognize China. With the election of John F. Kennedy he was named deputy assistant secretary of state for educational and cultural affairs where he wrote the blueprint for the Peace Corps. His vision for working across sectors and fields then earned him the appointment as the president of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies.
Aspen Institute.
Mr. Slater became President and Chief Executive of the Aspen Institute in 1969. He partnered with Robert O. Anderson in "refounding" the institute. Under his direction, the Aspen Institute, which had been a small organization that specialized in educational seminars for executives, increased its range and scale, becoming a well-known meeting place for world leaders, scholars and scientists on international issues.
The institute worked closely with the United Nations and played an important role in mobilizing world opinion on environmental questions. In 1973, Mr. Slater won German backing to open a branch in Berlin. It quickly became a center for informal contacts between officials and others from both sides of the Iron Curtain. Mr. Slater scaled the institute around the globe with offices in France, Italy, Japan and South Korea. He retired from the Aspen Institute in 1986.
In the 1975 book, The Aspen Idea, Sidney Hyman describes Mr. Slater using these quotes from friends of the Aspen Institute (page 229):

</doc>
<doc id="30967797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967797" title="Halianthella">
Halianthella

Halianthella is a small genus of sea anemones in the family Halcampidae.
Species.
Species in the genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="30967806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967806" title="Shake Sherry">
Shake Sherry

Shake Sherry (sometimes spelled on record as ""Shake Sherrie"") was a 1962 R&B song by Motown Records group The Contours, issued on its Gordy subsidiary label.(Gordy 7012).it was the follow-up to the group's million-selling Top 5 hit single ""Do You Love Me"", and was taken from their album of the same name.
Not as successful as its predecessor, "Shake Sherry" missed the Billboard Pop Top 40, peaking at #43, and charted at # 21 on its R&B Chart. It was written by Motown Records' founder and first President Berry Gordy, who had written the group's previous hit, and had been quite successful as a songwriter and producer before founding Motown Records, having written hit singles for Jackie Wilson, Etta James, Marv Johnson, and others.
Unlike "Do You Love Me," which had been (allegedly) originally intended for The Temptations, Shake Sherry was written specifically for The Contours,one of several songs Gordy composed for the group.
A raucous,powerful rocker,tailor made for the Contours, Shake Sherry reinforces the group's reputation as a "dance music" group, featuring the screaming sandpaper voice of lead singer Billy Gordon, who, as the song's narrator, describes the story of his would-be-girlfriend Sherry,whom he begs to "dance for me ,before you go". 
This song's relative chart failure, compared to "Do You Love Me", meant that The Contours' run as a headline act in the famed Motortown Revue touring shows of the early 1960s was relatively short- lived: although their dynamic live performances always made them a crowd favorite,history has unfairly branded them as "one hit wonders". The fact is that despite Motown's relative lack of promotion, The Contours actually charted several times for the label between 1962- 1967.
Credits: The Contours.
Other instruments: The Funk Brothers
References and Outside Links.
"Shake Sherry" - song review from the "Motown Junkies" website
"Shake Sherry" by The Contours

</doc>
<doc id="30967808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967808" title="Baptist Health System School of Health Professions">
Baptist Health System School of Health Professions

The Baptist Health System School of Health Professions, established 1903, is an accredited professional health science school sponsored by the Baptist Health System. It is located at the South Texas Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, USA.
Among the fields in which training is offered are specialties in Nursing and the Radiological Sciences.
The school is owned by the Baptist Health System, a leading healthcare provider in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="30967816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967816" title="David Te Moana">
David Te Moana

David Te Moana (born 16 February 1982 in Whakatane, New Zealand) is a rugby union player who plays at prop and is currently unattached to a professional club. 
Playing career.
A late starter, Te Moana didn't play an organized rugby match until he was 18, and had moved to Australia to work in construction before he started taking the sport seriously. By 2005, he had found his way into the Queensland Reds academy, and for the 2006 Super 14 season was included in the Western Force squad for their inaugural season.
After making 6 substitute appearances in his season for the Force, Te Moana found himself back with the Reds for the 2007 Super 14 season, making 5 starts. However, this would be his last appearance in the competition for a further 4 years.
Te Moana returned to New Zealand to compete in the 2006 Air New Zealand Cup, and after his options in Australia were at an end, continued on until 2009 as one of the starting props for the province. For the 2009-10 season, he signed in France with 2nd division SU Agen. He made 13 appearances for the squad, helping them earn promotion to the Top 14 but was released at the conclusion of the season due to import restrictions.
On his return to New Zealand, Te Moana signed to play for Wellington for the 2010 ITM Cup. He made only 2 appearances for the side, and transferred back to Manawatu at the conclusion of the campaign.
Despite his lack of playing time for Wellington, he impressed coach Jamie Joseph enough that, when Joseph was hired of the coach of the Highlanders for the 2011 Super Rugby season, Te Moana was offered a contract.
Te Moana made his Highlanders debut as the starting tighthead prop in the team's 14-9 win over the Hurricanes in the opening fixture of the season on 18 February, and went on to make 6 appearances over the course of the season. He was not retained by the club for 2012.
Te Moana returned to Manawatu for the 2011 ITM Cup, and continued to represent the province through 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="30967817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967817" title="Godinești River">
Godinești River

The Godinești River is a tributary of the Berheci River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="30967818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967818" title="John Carlson (Minnesota politician)">
John Carlson (Minnesota politician)

John J. Carlson (born April 1953) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 4, which includes portions of Beltrami, Cass, Crow Wing, Hubbard and Itasca counties in the northern part of the state. A Republican, he is the owner of John Carlson Agency, an insurance service provider. He is also an adjunct professor in the Business Department of Bemidji State University in Bemidji.
Carlson was first elected in 2010. He was a member of the Capital Investment, the Environment and Natural Resources, the Higher Education, and the State Government Innovation and Veterans committees. His special legislative concerns included redesigning of government services, jobs and economy, and education reform. Following redistricting in 2012, Carlson was placed in District 5 alongside Democratic Senator Tom Saxhaug. Saxhaug defeated Carlson on November 6, 2012.
Carlson graduated from Akeley High School in Akeley, then attended Bemidji State University, receiving his B.S. in Business Administration. He later earned his Certified Management Accountant (CMA) designation from the Institute of Management Accountants based in Montvale, New Jersey. He worked for many years as an accountant and later chief financial officer at Northern Medical Imaging in Bemidji before starting his insurance business.
External links.
<br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="30967821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967821" title="Persebi Boyolali">
Persebi Boyolali

Persebi or Persebi Boyolali or Persatuan Sepak Bola Indonesia Boyolali (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Boyolali") is an Indonesian football club based in Boyolali, Central Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Persebi stadium named Pandan Arang Stadium. Its location was in downtown Boyolali, Central Java.
History.
In 2007 Persebi successfully climbed to the Liga Indonesia First Division. This Boyolali community pride teams, carrying the target of qualifying for the premier division, although only bermaterikan Indonesian players. 
Supporter.
Persebi supported Pasboy (Forces Seporter Boyolali) supporters group which was declared on March 10, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30967826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967826" title="Lion Throne">
Lion Throne

The Lion Throne is the English term used to identify the throne of the Dalai Lama of Tibet. It specifically refers to the throne historically used by Dalai Lamas at Potala Palace in Lhasa.

</doc>
<doc id="30967829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967829" title="Fernando González (footballer)">
Fernando González (footballer)

Fernando González (born June 12, 1989 in Tampa, Florida) is a Puerto Rican footballer.
Career.
College and Amateur.
González played for Tampa powerhouse HC United. With HCU, he won the SYL North American championship. He also played at Gaither High School during his time with HC United. González then played in college for the USF Bulls.
Professional.
González signed with Atlanta Silverbacks of the second tier North American Soccer League and made his professional debut on April 9, 2011 in a game against NSC Minnesota Stars. Atlanta announced on November 8, 2011 that González would return for the 2012 season.
International.
In 2008, he played 3 games for Puerto Rico in the FIFA U20 World Cup Qualifiers in Cayman Islands, starting all 3 of them. González trained with the Puerto Rico U-21's ahead of the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games. In October 2010, he was called up by the Puerto Rico Men's National Team to play in the Digicel Caribbean Cup but he was not released by the University of South Florida to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="30967836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967836" title="42 Ultimate Hits">
42 Ultimate Hits

42 Ultimate Hits is a compilation album by American country music artist Kenny Rogers. It was released in 2004 via Capitol Nashville. The album peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. It includes 40 previously-released songs by rogers, five of which he recorded as Kenny Rogers and the First Edition, plus two new tracks: "My World Is Over" and "We Are the Same".
The compilation was produced by Tom Becci and Jim Mazza, with various original producers on the previously-released material. "My World Is Over" was produced by Keith Stegall, and "We Are the Same" by Brent Maher.

</doc>
