<doc id="30973412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973412" title="Original Song">
Original Song

"Original Song" is the sixteenth episode of the second season of the American television series "Glee", and the 38th episode overall. It was written by Ryan Murphy, directed by Bradley Buecker, and premiered on Fox in the United States on March 15, 2011. McKinley High's glee club, New Directions, decides to prepare original songs for the Regionals competition against the Dalton Academy Warblers, and Westvale High's Aural Intensity coached by Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch). Blaine (Darren Criss) finally shows his affection for Kurt (Chris Colfer). Rachel (Lea Michele) tries to repair her relationship with Finn (Cory Monteith) and faces off with Quinn (Dianna Agron). New Directions wins the Regionals competition, advancing to the upcoming Nationals competition in New York City.
"Original Song" garnered mostly positive reception. Critics praised the interaction between Kurt and Blaine, as well as most of the original songs in the episode. Mark Perigard of the "Boston Herald" called it a "great" episode "filled with so many good moments". Cover versions of six songs were featured, including "Raise Your Glass" by Pink and "Blackbird" by The Beatles. The episode also featured an extensive selection of original songs, more so than any previous episode of "Glee". The musical performances, cover versions, and original songs in the episode were met with generally positive reviews from critics. With the exception of "Jesus Is My Friend" and "Only Child", all songs were released as singles available for digital download.
Upon its initial airing, this episode was viewed by 11.15 million American viewers and garnered a 4.2/13 rating/share in the 18-49 demographic, according to the Nielsen ratings. The total viewership and ratings for this episode declined slightly from the previous episode, "Sexy".
Plot.
After the Warblers rehearse "Misery" in preparation for Regionals, Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) confesses his envy over how the Warblers always give Blaine (Darren Criss) the solo performance. Later, Kurt honors the sudden death of the Warblers' canary mascot, Pavarotti, with a performance of "Blackbird". Blaine is visibly moved by Kurt's emotional tribute and realizes that he has feelings for Kurt. He later argues that the Warblers shouldn't rely on him alone for Regionals, and proposes that instead of "Misery", the group should feature a duet. Blaine is adamant that Kurt be his partner for it, and the vote in favor of it is nearly unanimous. As the two are about to practice their duet of "Candles", Blaine confesses that he wanted to spend more time with him, and they share their first kiss.
Rachel's (Lea Michele) second attempt at an original song, "Only Child", proves to be only a small improvement over "My Headband". Finn (Cory Monteith) encourages her to dig deeper into her pain to find her song. Quinn's (Dianna Agron) desire to become prom queen prompts her to get close to Rachel in order to run interference between her and Finn. In doing this, she supports Rachel's idea of writing original songs for Regionals; the members of New Directions eventually agree, due to the fact they received a cease and desist letter from My Chemical Romance saying they can't perform "Sing" for Regionals. Sue later admits to forging the letter in yet another attempt to sabotage the glee club. Rachel confronts Quinn about her relationship with Finn, trusting her to be honest. Quinn admits they have been together for a couple of weeks and tells Rachel that she doesn't belong in Lima. Quinn says she will remain behind with Finn and Rachel can't hate her for helping to send her on her way. Hurt, Rachel goes home and uses Quinn's words as a springboard for writing a new song. 
Brittany (Heather Morris) confronts Santana (Naya Rivera), saying that she misses their friendship. However, Santana is hostile and angrily says that Brittany "blew her off", while Brittany shows that she is upset that Santana is still dating Sam (Chord Overstreet) even after confessing her love to Brittany. The two are interrupted by Sue, finding that she has filled their lockers with dirt, an event later brought up during the Glee club's song writing session.
In rehearsal, director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) passes out rhyming dictionaries to help the glee club with songwriting. Showcasing their original songs, Santana sings "Trouty Mouth" as a tribute to Sam's large mouth and Puck (Mark Salling) sings "Big Ass Heart" to Lauren (Ashley Fink). Mercedes (Amber Riley) later sings "Hell to the No". While Will agrees that it's a great song, he says that it's not appropriate for Regionals, also noting that the best songs "come from a place of pain". After the club members share recent hurtful anecdotes, he writes "Loser Like Me" on the board, deciding that could be the title for the yet-unwritten song.
The judges for this year's Regionals competition are local broadcasting legend Rod Remington (Bill A. Jones), Tea Party candidate and home schooler Tammy Jean Albertson (Kathy Griffin), and former exotic dancer Sister Mary Constance (Loretta Devine). Aural Intensity opens the competition with "Jesus Is My Friend", a song that Sue selected to cater specifically to the judges. The Warblers open with Kurt and Blaine's duet of "Candles", followed by "Raise Your Glass". Rachel conveys feelings to Finn through the performance of her original song, "Get It Right", reflecting on the past failures in their rocky relationship and expressing her deep desire to reconcile with Finn. The New Directions respond to Sue's bullying with their second original song, "Loser Like Me", an anthem dedicated to the underdogs of high school. New Directions wins the Regionals competition. Rachel is honored with New Directions' first MVP award.
Production.
The casting notice for Tammy Jean described her as "a middle-aged recent Tea Party candidate and home schooler — a Sarah Palin type", while Sister Mary Constance is a former stripper. Kathy Griffin and Loretta Devine were cast to guest-star as Regionals judges Tammy Jean Albertson and Sister Mary Constance respectively. Recurring characters who appear include New Directions members Mike Chang (Harry Shum, Jr.), Sam Evans (Chord Overstreet), Lauren Zizes (Ashley Fink), and Blaine Anderson (Darren Criss), the lead singer of the Dalton Academy Warblers.
Series producer Ryan Murphy first planned an episode entitled "Original Song" to air in early 2010, during the series' first season. Prior to this episode, most of "Glee"s musical performances were cover versions, and by October 2009 he had received offers from multiple songwriters willing to devise original tracks. At the time, he stated that Diane Warren would write two ballads for the show, and if successful, "Glee" may continue to use original music in the future, but not all the time. These plans did not come to fruition, nor did a December 2009 claim by OneRepublic frontman Ryan Tedder that he had been recruited by "Glee"'s music supervisor, Adam Anders, to write an original song for the series. Murphy later stated that he planned to showcase original music during the second season, aiming to find a way for this to occur organically, as: "It wouldn’t work if they just broke out and started singing their own songs. You wouldn't get it. I think it has to be an assignment."
Six original tracks were composed for "Original Song", entitled "Get It Right", "Loser Like Me", "Hell to the No", "Trouty Mouth", "Only Child" and "Big Ass Heart". The first two songs are featured on the series' sixth soundtrack album, "". In the episode, "Loser Like Me" was performed by New Directions, with club co-captains Rachel Berry (Lea Michele) and Finn Hudson (Cory Monteith) on lead vocals. Described by "Glee" music supervisor Adam Anders as "a very uptempo, kind-of-summery hit", the song was co-written with Swedish music songwriter and producer Max Martin, known for his work with many pop artists. Having covered many of Martin's co-written songs on the series, including songs by Britney Spears and Kelly Clarkson, Anders felt it was appropriate to have his involvement. According to the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers database, co-writers on the song include Anders, Peer Åström, Savan Kotecha, and Johan Schuster. "Get It Right" is a ballad composed specifically for Michele by Anders, his writing partner, and his wife. "Hell to the No" was sung solo by Mercedes. It was titled for the character's signature catchphrase and was co-written by Anders, Astrom, and executive producer Ian Brennan. The episode also features cover versions of Pink's "Raise Your Glass", Maroon 5's "Misery", The Beatles's "Blackbird", Hey Monday's "Candles", and Sonseed's "Jesus Is My Friend". All of the songs except "Jesus Is My Friend" and "Only Child" were released as singles available for digital download.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Original Song" was first broadcast on March 15, 2011 in the United States on Fox. It garnered a 4.2/13 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic, and received over 11.15 million American viewers during its initial airing, despite airing simultaneously with "NCIS" on CBS, "" on NBC, "No Ordinary Family" on ABC, and "One Tree Hill" on The CW. The total viewership and ratings for this episode were slightly down from those of the previous episode, "Sexy", which was watched by 11.96 million American viewers and received a 4.6/14 rating/share in the 18-49 demographic upon first airing on television.
In Canada, this episode also aired on March 15, 2011 on Global Television Network. The episode was watched by 1.8 million viewers, making it the ninth most-watched television program of the week. In Australia, the episode drew 972,000 viewers, making "Glee" the tenth most-watched show of the night. In the UK, the episode was watched by 2.41 million viewers (1.97 million on E4, and 440,000 on E4+1), becoming the most-watched show on cable for the week.
Critical response.
"Original Song" was met with mostly positive reception from critics upon its initial airing. James Poniewozik of "Time" called it a "solid" episode and wrote that "it did well by a couple of ongoing relationship stories." Amy Reiter of the "Los Angeles Times" opined that it delivered several "long-anticipated moments [...] and several more we only wish we'd thought to anticipate." Mark Perigard of the "Boston Herald" deemed it a "great" episode, "filled with many great moments." Robert Canning of IGN rated it 8/10, signifying a "great" episode. Sandra Gonzalez of "Entertainment Weekly" praised the development of "Original Song", and wrote: "One great thing about the episode was that after last week's plot-bomb-filled episode, the show didn't completely abandon what we'd learned that week." Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" graded it "B−"; he noted that he enjoyed the scenes, but criticized the show for its inconsistency. Brett Berk of "Vanity Fair" praised the episode for "not only [...] retreating into the series’s standard, flailing, everybody-in-the-pool narrative template, or filling this metaphorical slough with more leaden tropes than Richard Serra circa 1968, but by having the results be "precisely" the inevitabilities we all knew would occur." Akash Nikolas at Zap2It praised the new song and its performance as a metaphor for the show: "New Directions flashed Glee’s trademark “L” sign, which the show has renamed as something cool. And instead of cups full of slush that's usually thrown at the Glee Club, the cups were filled with red confetti and thrown at the audience. This neat moment captured the show’s conceit: taking something ugly and oppressive and turning it into something beautiful and celebratory." 
The guest performances made by Kathy Griffin and Loretta Devine were met with mixed reception from several critics. Amy Reiter was more critical on Griffin's performance as Tammy Jean Albertson, and noted "while Kathy Griffin was sight-gag funny as local tea party candidate Tammy Jean Albertson [...] her lines fell a bit flat." She went on to praise Devine's performance as Sister Mary Constance, saying that her lines "totally hit the bull's-eye." Robert Canning praised both performances, saying that it was the best part of the episode. He continued, "I love how the guest judge segments of these contest episodes are beginning to become mini-series unto themselves. I hope that tradition continues." James Poniewozik had mixed feelings regarding Griffin's performance. He went on to write, ""Glee" can be sharp and topical enough that I thought it could actually do something clever with the much-publicized cameo. Instead, the performance hinged on expected gags [...] and Griffin delivered it all with a stiffness that felt more like a recitation than a performance." Todd VanDerWerff reacted negatively to both performances. In his review of the episode, he opined, "That judges’ scene [...] was a pale retread of the original, only this time, it had Kathy Griffin and Loretta Devine, as well as a bunch of tired Tea Party gags that were tired when this episode was written."
The Kurt–Blaine storyline was met with general acclaim from critics. In her review for the episode, Katie Morgan of "Billboard" reacted positively to the interaction between Kurt and Blaine. She wrote, "It sure took them long enough, but we're so glad to finally see Kurt happy." In his review, Mark Perigard opined, "It was utterly, sweetly romantic, and Criss sold the hell out of the moment. It’s long overdue and it will silence the growing legion of critics out there who were unhappy with the pace of this story and why Kurt always seemed to be stuck in pure misery." Robert Canning was more critical on the storyline. He highly criticized Darren Criss' performance as Blaine. In a detailed review regarding the storyline, Canning wrote, "Kurt finally got the first kiss he deserved. Too bad it came from the wooden, glass-eyed Blaine. Chris Colfer has been in the running for performance awards for good reason. Darren Criss will not be. Colfer and his character deserve better than the cardboard, unemotional declaration of love that Criss delivered. Yay for Kurt and his first boyfriend, but that was a bland work up to their kiss." Sandra Gonzalez called the whole development "simply perfect". Kevin Fallon of "The Atlantic" thought the kiss was "sweet", and stated that he was pleased that it attracted no controversy whatsoever. James Poniewozik reacted positively to the storyline. In his review, Poniewozik wrote, "As for the at-long-last kiss, it's to "Glee"'s credit that it made me think, ‘Finally, Blaine and Kurt are locking lips already!’ before it made me think, ‘Look, an honest-to-God gay kiss, between two men, on my primetime TV show!’" Aly Semigran of MTV praised the interaction between Kurt and Blaine, saying that the kiss scene was a "sweet, real and, shockingly, un-hyped moment". Semigran went on to praise the acting in the scene, saying that both actors "handled it with dignity and honesty". Brett Berk deemed the interaction to be "appropriately fervid".
Music and performances.
The musical performances and selection in the episode were met with mixed response from critics. The original track "Loser Like Me" received general acclaim from critics. Berk praised the performance, and gave it four stars. He opined, "All four stars are for the lyrics [...] in which the lovable dorks sing about being the lovable dorks we fell in love with [...]". In her review for the episode, Erica Futterman of "Rolling Stone" praised the song, and called it a "true anthem" that "ends triumphantly". Raymond Flandez of "The Wall Street Journal" gave a positive review of the song: "The song grew out of a collaborative brainstorming session that went beyond rhyming dictionaries or first attempts at ditties such as 'Trouty Mouth', 'Big Ass Heart', and 'Hell to the No'." Jarrett Wieselman of the "New York Post" commended the show for the use of original songs, and wrote ""Glee" entered uncharted territory last night [...] no, not Kurt's first kiss. I'm talking about New Directions dabbling in, and debuting, their very first original songs. It was as risky for the show as it was for the group since opting to perform wholly new creations would either give them a leg up on the competition or put them six feet under." Bobby Hankinson of the "Houston Chronicle" praised the song, and deemed it "fun and summery".
Sandra Gonzalez of "Entertainment Weekly" was generally positive on most of the songs featured in the episode. She gave the performance of "Loser Like Me" a "B", and explained that "This one took a little time to grow on me. I liked it better on the show than when I heard it by itself, which is weird because it's exactly the same thing. Goes to show how much of a difference a good performance [...] makes." Gonzalez gave the highest grade to the cover versions of "Misery" and "Raise Your Glass", both performed by the Dalton Academy Warblers. In her review for "Misery", she praised the performance, and gave it an "A". She opined, "I'm a sucker for a Warbler-ized pop song, especially when it makes Blaine dance and make his weird, animated faces. They're simply adorable, and these Warblers are simply amazing." Gonzalez gave the performance of "Raise Your Glass" an "A". The lowest grade given by Gonzalez was a "D" for Santana's performance of "Trouty Mouth". She explained "If we're taking this song as a joke, it gets a 'B−' because Santana sounded great. But [...] I think about how bad I felt for Sam watching his utter mortification." "Candles" was generally well received by Gonzalez. She gave the performance a "B" and went on to write "It’s really hard for this pair to live up to the awesomeness of 'Baby, It's Cold Outside'. I'm sure they could one day, but this one fell a bit short for me musically. [...] In the context of the show, however, it was a great moment." 
Amy Reiter of the "Los Angeles Times" reacted positively to all of the songs. In her review for "Original Song", Reiter opined that "The original songs [...] weren't half bad: From Santana's ode to poor, horrified Sam, 'Trouty Mouth,' to Puck's tribute to Lauren, 'Big Ass Heart,' to Mercedes' self-celebrating 'Hell to the No,' the original songs on this episode were funny and revealing. And rousing Regionals-winning anthem 'Loser Like Me' landed like an exuberant slushy in the face [...]." Katie Morgan of "Billboard" praised the performance of "Candles", and called it "beautifully intimate", and commended The Warblers' "solid performance". Todd VanDerrWerf of "The A.V. Club" responded negatively to "Trouty Mouth", but was generally pleased with the other songs. VanDerWerff went on to praise the voice of Lea Michele: "The first song Rachel sang at regionals [...] was a nicely done little ballad, the sort of song you could both see someone like Rachel writing and later belting." James Poniewozik also praised the voice of Michele, as well as her character development. He opined, "That said, I like the arc of Rachel-as-songwriter, which has played to some of Lea Michele's greatest strengths both as a comic and dramatic actress." Robert Canning of IGN found the original songs to be "hilarious". He opined, "Getting to run through a series of comical and catchy false starts was entertaining. Santana's 'Trouty Mouth' was sultry and hilarious. Puckerman's rocking ode to Lauren, 'Big Ass Heart,' was also a ridiculous treat. And then both were outdone by Mercedes' stomping, Amy Winehouse-aping 'Hell to the No'."
Chart history.
Seven of the eleven songs featured on the episode charted on several popular musical charts. In the United States, "Loser Like Me" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number six, and in Canada, the song debuted at number nine on the Canadian Hot 100. The single was the second highest charting single for "Glee" after "Don't Stop Believin', and sold 210,000 downloads its first week in the US, second only to the cast's cover of Katy Perry's "Teenage Dream", which sold 214,000 downloads in its first week. It was certified gold in the US before the end of 2011. "Get It Right" debuted at number sixteen on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number twenty-three on the Canadian Hot 100. These two original songs were featured in the soundtrack album '. It was released on March 15, 2011, and debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200, selling over 90,000 copies in its first week in the United States. A third original song, "Hell to the No", was released only as a single, and debuted at number fifty-three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number sixty-five on the Canadian Hot 100. Four covers from the episode were featured on the album ', which was released on April 19, 2011, and all four charted in the top 100 in the US, Australia, and Canada: "Misery", "Blackbird", "Candles", and "Raise Your Glass".

</doc>
<doc id="30973418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973418" title="Tamasidava">
Tamasidava

Tamasidava () was a Dacian town mentioned by Ptolemy.

</doc>
<doc id="30973426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973426" title="Alain Barudoni">
Alain Barudoni

Alain Barudoni (born 19 April 1940) is a Swiss fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973427" title="Brent Carpenter">
Brent Carpenter

Brent Carpenter is an American television cinematographer, director, editor and producer.
Career.
As an editor he worked on the television series "Empty Nest", "The Ben Stiller Show", "Whose Line Is It Anyway?", "Sessions" and working on number of stand-up comedy specials starring Jay Leno, Sam Kinison, Rodney Dangerfield, Kathy Griffin, Paula Poundstone and Kevin Nealon.
His directing credits include sitcoms "The Larry Sanders Show", "Caroline in the City", "Greg the Bunny", "Oliver Beene", "True Jackson, VP", Crash & Bernstein. He's directed a number of live television specials which include all of the Ringo Starr and His All-Starr Band tours since 2003, a number of Comedy Central specials, The Grammy Pre Telecast and several PBS music specials. In 1976, he appeared as an extra in the film "A Star Is Born" before pursuing a behind the camera career.
In 1997, Carpenter received a Grammy nomination as producer and Primetime Emmy nomination for editing the "Great Performances" episode "Robert Altman's Jazz '34" nominated with Dylan Tichenor. As well as directing music videos for Ringo Starr, Aerosmith, Ozzy Osbourne, Emmylou Harris, Neil Young and Cledus T. Judd.

</doc>
<doc id="30973430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973430" title="Dave Braggins">
Dave Braggins

Dave Braggins (September 1, 1945 – July 19, 2004) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played nine seasons in the Canadian Football League for two different teams. He won the Leo Dandurand Trophy in 1975 and also was named CFL All-Star that season, and was a part of three Grey Cup championship teams with the Ottawa Rough Riders in 1968 and 1969, and the Montreal Alouettes in 1974. Braggins played college football at Florida State University.

</doc>
<doc id="30973438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973438" title="Poisonous amphibian">
Poisonous amphibian

Poisonous amphibians are amphibians that produce toxins to defend themselves from predators.
Except certain salamandrid salamanders that can extrude sharp venom-tipped ribs, amphibians are not known to actively inject venom, most toxic amphibians are instead known to be poisonous to touch or eat. Amphibians usually sequester toxins from animals and plants on which they feed, commonly from poisonous insects or poisonous plants. One example of this is the well-known poison dart frog. They get a deadly chemical called lipophilic alkaloid from consuming a poisonous food in the rainforest. And they are immune to the poison, so they secrete it through their skin as a defense mechanism against predators, just as other amphibians do. This poison is so efficient, the native people of the South American Amazon rainforest use the frogs' toxins on their weapons to kill their prey, giving the frogs their nickname the "poison dart frog". However, other people use the bufotoxins of some species of toxic toads as a drug to get high, but this can become very dangerous. Usually due to the toads' size and toxicity, the poisons would not be deadly to a fully grown, healthy adult. But if too much of the toxins is absorbed, or if the person is young or ill, then the poisons can become a serious threat. It also depends on the species, because some types of amphibians do have toxins strong enough to kill even a healthy and mature person within just a few minutes, while other species may not have toxins potent enough to have any effect on the person at all. In addition, licking toads is not biologically practical. For these tryptamines to be orally activated, the human monoamine oxidase system needs to be inhibited. Therefore, licking a poisonous amphibian will not guarantee receiving a high sensation.

</doc>
<doc id="30973445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973445" title="Enchanters (Detroit doo-wop band)">
Enchanters (Detroit doo-wop band)

The Enchanters were an American vocal group based in Detroit, Michigan. They produced several local hit records in the Doo Wop genre during the late 1950s and early 1960s. Decades later, some of their songs have been re-released on Christmas and Doo Wop compilations.
Personnel.
Members of the group brothers Alton Hollowell (lead vocals), Gerald Hollowell (tenor) and Ulysses Hollowell (tenor); Tommy Wade (tenor) and Jack Thomas (baritone).

</doc>
<doc id="30973449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973449" title="Toni Reber">
Toni Reber

Toni Reber (born 16 August 1945) is a Swiss fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973457" title="DiGa">
DiGa

DiGa is an independent production studio co-founded by former MTV executives Tony DiSanto and Liz Gateley on January 1, 2011. DiGa creates, develops and produces prime-time cable and network reality and scripted television programming, feature films and digital content across all platforms in partnership with Ben Silverman's multimedia studio, Electus, an operating business of IAC. Electus will retain exclusive distribution rights to all content and programming produced by the company with Electus’ International Distribution division distributing their projects internationally and aligning them with Electus’ advertising and marketing partners.
DiGa is headquartered in New York City with a production/edit center in Los Angeles.
Projects.
Projects announced in development include:
DiSanto and Gateley continue work MTV Networks in the ongoing development of multiple series, including the scripted MTV series "Teen Wolf", a reinvention of the 1985 film.
Personnel.
Tony DiSanto.
Prior to forming DiGa, DiSanto and Gateley were creative executives for MTV. In June 2009, DiSanto was appointed President of Programming of MTV. While there, he was responsible for the creation of the MTV reality shows "Teen Mom", "Jersey Shore" and "16 and Pregnant". With Gately, he was also responsible for the development of MTV's new scripted dramas including "The Hard Times of RJ Berger" and "Teen Wolf".
Liz Gateley.
Gateley joined MTV in 2003 as the Vice President of Development and worked her way up to become Head of Series Development for MTV. In her first year at MTV she created the reality show "" and executive produced the spin-off, "The Hills". She was also involved in the creation of "Run’s House", "America's Best Dance Crew", "16 and Pregnant" and "Teen Mom". In addition, Gateley developed the scripted series "The Hard Times of RJ Berger", and the upcoming series "Teen Wolf". Prior to joining MTV, Gateley worked at Lifetime Television where she was responsible for the development of various series and specials, including "Strong Medicine", "The Division", "Intimate Portrait" and "Weddings of a Lifetime".
Mike Powers.
Producer Mike Powers was named Creative Executive at DiGa, where he is responsible for managing production and development. Working alongside Powers, Scott Silberman serves as Executive in Charge of Production, supervising the logistics of production and development.
Powers has been involved in television production and development for the past twenty years. He has been involved in development and production of such MTV series as "Total Request Live", "Made", "Roomraiders", "Boiling Points", "House", "The X Effect", "Maui Fever" and "Life Of Ryan". In 2008, Powers left MTV to work independently on such projects a "College Life", "Sex With Mom and Dad", "The Buried Life" and "World Of Jenks".

</doc>
<doc id="30973459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973459" title="Polar Opposite">
Polar Opposite

Polar Opposite is the sixth EP by the Australian rock band Sick Puppies. It features acoustic versions of many of their most well-known songs, including "All the Same". The EP was released on 1 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30973460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973460" title="Roy Mikkelsen">
Roy Mikkelsen

Roy Mikkelsen (1907 – 1967) was an American skier who was born in Kongsberg, Norway and emigrated to the United States. in 1924, settling in Chicago, where he joined the Norge Ski Club. Mikkelsen was US Champion in ski jumping in 1933 and 1935, but was also a strong skier in the new discipline of alpine, competing in that sport from 1933-42. He eventually settled in Auburn, California where he was elected mayor in 1952 and competed there for the Auburn Ski Club. Active in civic affairs, Mikkelsen worked with the Bid Committee that brought the 1960 Winter Olympics to Squaw Valley. He competed in ski jumping at the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. The flying Norwegian finished out of the medals in both 1932 at Lake Placid, N.Y. and at the 1936 games in Germany. But he was thought of so highly by the team in 1936 that he was named its captain. Mikkelsen was poised to participate in a third Olympics in 1940 but the event was cancelled because of the outbreak of World War II. During the war, he would put his ski and snow experience to good use as a member of the Army’s 10th Mountain Division, fighting from Normandy to Norway with the 99th Norwegian Battalion under General George Patton. Mikkelsen was elected to the US Ski Hall of Fame in 1964. . He served on the Auburn City Council, including two years as mayor in 1952 and 1953. And 24 years after his last Olympic Games as a skier, Mikkelsen was the center of attention again when he lit a torch in Auburn’s Central Square to mark the coming of the Olympics to Placer County – up the newly paved Interstate 80 at Squaw Valley. Mikkelsen died in 1967 at 60, three years after being elected to the U.S. Ski Hall of Fame. He was instrumental in the Auburn Ski Club purchase and development of Boreal Ridge in California. In Auburn, Mikkelsen Drive was named after one of the city’s most illustrious sportsmen. And at Boreal ski resort, a statue of Mikkelsen has been erected outside the Western Ski Sport Museum. 
References.
http://www.auburnjournal.com/article/auburn’s-first-olympian-was-ski-jumping-star-1930s-mayor-city-1950s

</doc>
<doc id="30973472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973472" title="Zargidava">
Zargidava

Zargidava () was a Dacian town mentioned by Ptolemy.

</doc>
<doc id="30973476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973476" title="Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God">
Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God

The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God (, "Patriarsheska katedrala „Sveto Vaznesenie Gospodne“") is a former Eastern Orthodox cathedral in the city of Veliko Tarnovo, in north central Bulgaria. Located on top of the fortified Tsarevets hill in the former capital of the Second Bulgarian Empire, the cathedral was the seat of the Bulgarian patriarch from its construction in the 11th–12th century to its destruction in 1393.
Standing on top of a late Roman church, the cathedral, reconstructed in the 1970s and 1980s, follows a cross-domed plan with a bell tower and a triple apse. Richly decorated on both the exterior and interior, its internal walls now feature modern frescoes, the presence of which has meant that it has not been reconsecrated. Though not active as a Christian place of worship, it has been open for visitors since 1985.
History.
The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is not the first church building to occupy the position on top of the Tsarevets hill. It was constructed directly on top of a late Roman (early Byzantine) basilica which dates to the 5th–6th century AD. The Roman basilica may have remained in use by the local congregation during the First Bulgarian Empire, though it was no longer active by the time the construction of the current church began.
The current building of the Patriarchal Cathedral is considered by scholars to have been built in two stages. The first stage of construction was carried out in the late 11th century or the 12th century. The cathedral was initially built as a monastery church in the middle of a monastery compound, though in the early 12th century it was already the seat of the Bulgarian patriarch. The compound suffered large-scale damage caused by a fire, which necessitated the church's reconstruction in middle of the 14th century, perhaps during the rule of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria (r. 1331–71). Besides repair and reinforcement efforts, work on the church in the 14th century also included the construction of the exonarthex and the bell tower.
There are several references to the cathedral in medieval sources. The earliest reference to the church tells of the transfer of Saint Michael the Warrior's relics from the Potuka fortress to the Patriarchal Cathedral on the order of Tsar Kaloyan (r. 1197–1207). The housing of a warrior saint's relics in the Patriarchal Cathedral signifies the incessant warfare against Byzantines and Latins that dominated Kaloyan's reign. In the late 14th century, the last Patriarch of Tarnovo, Saint Evtimiy, described the church as the "great patriarch's Cathedral of the Holy Ascension" in his writings.
Another possible reference to the church may be in a marginal note from 1358 to a copy of the Acts of the Apostles. In the note, the copyist, one Laloe, thanks God and the "Holy and Most Glorious Ascension" for having finished his work on the book. Scholar Bistra Nikolova believes this to be an allusion to the Patriarchal Cathedral, which may have patronised the project. Alternatively, the copy could have been made at the cathedral's scriptorium, where Laloe may have worked.
The church is also depicted in the medieval sketch of Tarnovo in the Braşov Menaion, a menaion service book written in the mid-14th century and then carried to Kronstadt (now Braşov, Romania) after the fall of Bulgaria under Ottoman rule.
The Patriarchal Cathedral was destroyed after the Ottomans captured the Bulgarian capital after their Siege of Tarnovo on 17 July 1393. The church was fully reconstructed in the 20th century; reconstruction works were carried out by a team under architect Boyan Kuzupov. These commenced in 1978 and were finished in 1981, to mark Bulgaria's 1300th anniversary. However, it was not until November 1985, when the contemporary murals were finished, that the church was opened once again for visitors. The church's ruins have been protected as a national antiquity since 1927; in 1967, they were proclaimed an architectural monument of culture of national importance.
As part of the Tsarevets architectural reserve, it is also listed among the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria.
Location and architecture.
The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is located on top of the Tsarevets hill, overlooking the modern city of Veliko Tarnovo. The church was part of a group of buildings which constituted the seat of the Bulgarian Patriarchate and acted as the city and the country's main cathedral. The patriarchate on Tsarevets was a fortress of its own, with two defensive towers and an entrance on its west wall. The Patriarchal Cathedral stood in the middle of its courtyard.
The Patriarchal Cathedral features a triple apse, the central part of which matches the apse of the original basilica on the site. The three-naved church follows the traditional Byzantine cross-in-square design. Built out of crushed stones and mortar with limited brickwork, it measures . The cathedral includes two narthices, a bell tower and two other premises attached to the south church wall. The presence of a bell tower is considered to be a rarity in Balkan church architecture. Six columns support the interior and distinguish the altar from the cella (naos). It is unclear whether the church housed a "synthronon" (stone benches for the clergy) in the apse, as there are doubts that its remains may actually be part of the older basilica.
The church featured ample exterior and interior decoration. While the facades were decorated with arches and ceramic tiles, the interior floor mosaics were made of white, yellow and pink marble as well as semi-precious gemstones like sapphire and porphyry. The interior walls were covered with frescoes and mosaics. However, none of the interior decoration has survived. During the church's 20th-century reconstruction, its interior was repainted by artist Teofan Sokerov, who depicted important moments of medieval Bulgarian history in a modernist style. Due to these murals, the church has never been reconsecrated and remains inactive. The facade of the cathedral also includes a stone with a donor's inscription of a Bulgarian ruler, which ended up as part of the building material.
There are a total of four burial grounds in and around the church, two of which are burials for priests. One of the burial grounds is inside the exonarthex, where overarched tombs were built in the 14th century. Besides Michael the Warrior's relics, the cathedral also housed the remains of Bulgarian patriarchs Joachim I, Macarius and Joachim III.

</doc>
<doc id="30973485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973485" title="Fabienne Regamey">
Fabienne Regamey

Fabienne Regamey (born 7 February 1952) is a Swiss fencer. She competed in the women's individual foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973488" title="Lemniscate (disambiguation)">
Lemniscate (disambiguation)

A lemniscate, in mathematics, is a curve shaped like a figure-eight. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30973489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973489" title="Foster Provost">
Foster Provost

Foster Provost is Professor of information systems and NEC Faculty Fellow at New York University's Stern School of Business. Professor Provost has a Bachelor of Science from Duquesne University in physics and mathematics and an Master of Arts and Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Pittsburgh.
Professor Provost is known for his work on evaluating machine learning algorithms using ROC analysis, and for his work on social network analysis for targeted marketing.
He has won several awards, for his work:
Professor Provost recently retired as Editor-in-Chief of the journal Machine Learning after 6 years. He is a member of the editorial boards of the Journal of Machine Learning Research (JMLR) and the journal Data Mining and Knowledge Discover. He was elected as a founding board member of the International Machine Learning Society.

</doc>
<doc id="30973490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973490" title="Daniel Ruiz Robinson">
Daniel Ruiz Robinson

Daniel Ruiz Robinson (born June 16, 1988 in Veracruz, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer currently playing for El Tanque Sisley of the Primera Division in Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="30973496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973496" title="Meldrim, Georgia">
Meldrim, Georgia

Meldrim is an unincorporated community in Effingham County, Georgia, United States, located about 17 miles northwest of Savannah.
It is named for Peter Meldrim, a nineteenth century politician, judge and army officer from Georgia.
It is the site of a paper mill, and is noted for a 1959 railway disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="30973503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973503" title="Marika Lejon">
Marika Lejon

Marika Saralotta Lejon (born 3. October 1984 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian composer and singer. She grew up in Søgne, in the south of Norway, with a Norwegian father and a Czech mother. Her parents were both journalists, so she had the opportunity to travel and see the world.
She was educated at University of Oslo in Media Studies, and completed a master's degree autumn 2010. She was also educated nutritionist at Norges Idrettshøgskole and webmaster at Gjøvik University College.
At the age of 5, she started to learn how to play the piano by a private music teacher. Two years later she ditched the piano in favor of voice-lessons which lasted until she was 16. At th age of 6, she started composing music. Before she started performing on TV, she participated in, among other things, NM Rock 2000 (Finale of the Rockefeller in Oslo, where she was voted as the best vocalist), 2002 (youngest participant).
NRK.no.</ref> nrk.no - mgp
Lejon released her first single "To Milan" in 2004. She participated in "Kjempesjansen" autumn 2006 with the self-composed song "Again" and the gypsy song "Nane Tsocha". She participated in the Melodi Grand Prix 2007 (the Norwegian Eurovision Song Contest selection) with the song "Perfect Sin" which was written by the Swedish Adam AlverMark. Then she participated in the Norwegian Talents on TV2. In 2009 she released her debutalbum "My Fire". She calls the genre on this record "Gipsypop".
In 2011 she participated for the second time in the Melodi Grand Prix with the self-composed song "Hungry for You (Gipsy Dance)", but didn't get to the finals. According to her, she wrote the song while she was writing the thesis, longing for dancing and laughter.

</doc>
<doc id="30973504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973504" title="Trade Your Way to the USA">
Trade Your Way to the USA

Trade Your Way to the USA is a children's reality television gameshow that is presented by "The Apprentice" Series 1 runner-up Saira Khan. The show is about young traders aged between eleven and fourteen attempting to negotiate and haggle when buying in order to get the best deals when selling products. A second series began on 23 April 2012. A third series is due to begin on CBBC at 4:30 on Monday 15 April 2013 and will last 10 episodes.
The first episode featured 'Magic Miles' at the Scarborough Joke & Magic Shop, and the National Railway Museum.
Format.
Fourteen teams are selected by the show's producers and proceed to the heats, where each team battles against another team to win a place in the semi-finals. The top four teams out of those winning each challenge would then take on each other in two semi-finals. The winners of each semi-final will then go on to the grand final in New York. In series two the format is the same expect for the final which is held in Dallas,Texas. In series 3 the format is the same expect once again with the final held in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="30973508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973508" title="Pringsewu Regency">
Pringsewu Regency

Pringsewu Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 625 km² and a population of 364,825 people at the 2010 Census. The capital lies at Pringsewu, located 37 kilometres from the provincial capital of Bandar Lampung. The regency was created on October 29, 2008.
The regency name came from Javanese language terms "Thousand ("sewu") bamboo ("pring")", as the location of the town was once a bamboo forest.

</doc>
<doc id="30973510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973510" title="Wolters Filling Station">
Wolters Filling Station


</doc>
<doc id="30973513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973513" title="Madeleine Heitz">
Madeleine Heitz

Madeleine Heitz (born 25 February 1940) is a Swiss fencer. She competed in the women's individual foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973521" title="Calliactis parasitica">
Calliactis parasitica

Calliactis parasitica is a species of sea anemone associated with hermit crabs. It lives in the eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea at depths between the intertidal zone and . It is up to in size, with up to 700 tentacles, and is very variable in colour. The relationship between "C. parasitica" and the hermit crab is mutualistic: the sea anemone protects the hermit crab with its stings, and benefits from the food thrown up by the hermit crab's movements.
Description.
"Calliactis parasitica" is up to tall, and wide, with the base of the column being slightly wider. The surface of the column is rough and leathery with a grainy appearance, but has no tubercles and is not divided into sections. It is variable in colouring, but is usually cream or buff in colour, with blotches and streaks of reddish or greyish brown, which tend to form vertical stripes.
The basal disc is concave, and able to stick firmly to the substrate. Above this lies the limbus (the junction between the basal disc and the column), and just above that are the relatively prominent cinclides (specialised pores), each on a small mound. These readily emit threadlike acontia (stings) when the animal is disturbed. At the top of the column are up to 700 slender tentacles of moderate length. They are translucent, and yellowish to orange in colour, with longitudinal lines of reddish brown.
Distribution.
"Calliactis parasitica" is found in the north-eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea. Its Atlantic range extends from south-western Europe as far north as the west coasts of Wales and Ireland, and the English Channel. Although this species has been recorded from the southern North Sea, those records are considered dubious. The depth distribution of "C. parasitica" ranges from a depth of to the sublittoral zone; it is rarely found in the littoral zone.
Ecology.
Although "Calliactis parasitica" will occasionally attach to stones or empty shells, it is typically found on a gastropod shell inhabited by a hermit crab, and several individuals may live on the same shell. In the British Isles, the hermit crab is usually "Pagurus bernhardus", but other species may be associated with "C. parasitica" in other parts of its range. "C. parasitica" is thought to use a chemical signal to detect its favoured shell, that of the whelk "Buccinum undatum", because it has been observed in aquaria to mount the shell of a living "B. undatum", although the whelk ensures that the sea anemone does not remain there.
"Calliactis parasitica" can survive without the hermit crab, and the hermit crab can survive without "C. parasitica", but they associate with each other to their mutual benefit; this is known as mutualism. The hermit crab gains protection from predators by the sea anemone's stinging, and the sea anemone gains an increase in food from the material thrown up by the hermit crab's movements. The relationship is apparently instigated by the sea anemone, which begins a complex series of manoeuvres in order to mount the shell carried by the hermit crab; the hermit crab remains passive while these manoeuvres take place.
Octopuses will avoid shells bearing "C. parasitica", but will persist in attacking shells containing the hermit crab "Pagurus prideaux" and bearing the sea anemone "Adamsia palliata". In aquarium settings, the mutualism between "C. parasitica" and the hermit crab "Dardanus arrosor" can break down; this breakdown is prevented or reversed when chemical signals from octopuses are present. The presence of cephalopods may therefore be necessary for the relationship between the hermit crab and the anemone to be maintained.
Taxonomy.
"Calliactis parasitica" was first described under the name "Actinia parisitica", in the "Cornish Fauna". This work was begun by Jonathan Couch, but the third volume, in which "C. parasitica" was described, was written by his son, Richard Quiller Couch. Couch considered that his new species "may probably be considered a variety of the "Actinia gemmacea" "Aulactinia verrucosa"", although his specimens "had not the appearance of belonging to that species".

</doc>
<doc id="30973528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973528" title="Felix Becker">
Felix Becker

Felix Becker (8 November 1893 – 29 December 1979) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="30973548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973548" title="Abby Johnson (activist)">
Abby Johnson (activist)

Abby Johnson (born c. 1980) is an American pro-life activist. Johnson had previously worked at Planned Parenthood as a clinic director, but resigned in October 2009. She later stated that she resigned after watching an abortion on ultrasound.
Johnson is the chief research strategist for Live Action, a pro-life organization that is known for conducting sting operations against Planned Parenthood clinics. She holds a B.S. (psychology) from Texas A&M University and an M.A. (counseling) from Sam Houston State University.
Work at Planned Parenthood.
Born and raised in a "conservative, pro-life family" from Texas, Johnson began volunteering for Planned Parenthood after seeing their booth at a fair at her college. She said she hadn't heard of the group before and didn't know they performed abortions, and Planned Parenthood told her they wanted to reduce the number of abortions. Johnson volunteered in 2001, and progressed to the position of community services director. She worked at the Planned Parenthood clinic in Bryan, Texas for eight years, escorting women into the clinic from their cars and eventually working as director of the clinic. Johnson regularly encountered activists from the local pro-life group who waited at the clinic's fence to talk to clients, and described extensive harassment of clinic staff by antiabortion activists. Describing death threats against herself and her family, she stated: "It's very scary, this group of people that claim to be these peaceful prayer warriors, or whatever they call themselves, it's kind of ironic that some of them would be sending death threats." The Planned Parenthood clinic named Johnson "Employee of the Year" in 2008.
Resignation.
Johnson says that in September 2009, due to a personnel shortage she was called in to assist in an ultrasound-guided abortion of a fetus was at 13 weeks gestation. She said she was disconcerted to see how similar the ultrasound image looked to her own daughter. Johnson, who previously believed fetuses could not feel anything while being aborted, says she saw the fetus squirming and twisting to avoid the vacuum tube which would be used to suck and destroy the fetus.
"For the briefest moment," she wrote in her memoir, "Unplanned", "the baby looked as if it were being wrung like a dishcloth, twirled and squeezed. And then it crumpled and began disappearing into the cannula before my eyes. The last thing I saw was the tiny, perfectly formed backbone sucked into the tube, and then it was gone."
"I just thought I can't do this anymore, and it was just like a flash that hit me, and I thought that's it," Johnson said. She continued working at the clinic, but soon met with Shawn Carney, leader of the local pro-life group Coalition for Life and now a leader of 40 Days for Life, with whom she was well-acquainted after his years of activism against Planned Parenthood. She told him she could no longer continue assisting women in getting abortions. She resigned on October 6, 2009. "I feel so pure in heart leaving her job. I don't have this guilt, I don't have this burden on me any more, that's how I know this conversion was a spiritual conversion," she said.
Johnson said after her resignation that her bosses had pressured her to increase profits by performing more and more abortions at the clinic. "Every meeting that we had was, 'We don't have enough money, we don't have enough money — we've got to keep these abortions coming.' It's a very lucrative business and that's why they want to increase numbers," she said. Johnson estimated the clinic profited $350 on every abortion. An article on Salon.com questioned Johnson's statements regarding financial incentives for abortions, noting that abortions comprise only 3% of Planned Parenthood's services. Fox News reported that Johnson was unable to provide any emails, letters, or other evidence to support her allegations about pressure to perform abortions.
Johnson's description of her conversion has been questioned. Planned Parenthood stated that its records do not show any ultrasound-guided abortions performed on the date when Johnson says she witnessed the procedure, and the physician who performed abortions at the Bryan clinic stated that Johnson had never been asked to assist in an abortion. Although Johnson said the abortion was of a 13-week-old fetus, records from the Texas Department of Health show no such abortions performed at the Bryan Clinic on the date in question.
According to a court petition filed by Planned Parenthood, Johnson was put on a "performance improvement plan" four days before her resignation. The petition says that following this she was seen "removing items" from the clinic and copying "confidential files" and had given the résumé, home address and phone number of an abortion provider to Coalition for Life. Planned Parenthood was granted a temporary restraining order against Johnson and Coalition for Life after Johnson's resignation. The order was lifted by a court a week later. Johnson herself says the "performance improvement plan" was due to her reluctance to increase the number of abortions performed at her facility. Johnson also denies the accusations that she removed, copied, or distributed any confidential information and said in her book that her attorney disproved them at the time that the temporary restraining order was lifted.
Johnson's story received national coverage. She was embraced by the pro-life movement after her story went national in November 2009 and compared to Norma McCorvey, the "Jane Roe" of "Roe v. Wade", the United States Supreme Court case that legalized abortion in 1973. McCorvey joined the pro-life movement in 1995.
Pro-life activism.
Soon after her resignation, Johnson joined Coalition for Life, which regularly prays outside her former clinic. She has also worked with 40 Days for Life.
Johnson released a book, "Unplanned", in January 2011, detailing her work at Planned Parenthood and her conversion to the pro-life cause. She is the chief research strategist for Live Action, a pro-life organization best known for its campaigns and sting operations against Planned Parenthood.
In December 2011, it was announced that Johnson had been hired by Americans United for Life as Senior Policy Advisor.
Personal life and religion.
Johnson revealed in January 2011 that she had had two abortions herself before the birth of her daughter, Grace. She is married and has one daughter.
Johnson was raised as a Southern Baptist, but left the church because it objected to her work at Planned Parenthood. She and her husband Doug, who was raised as a Lutheran, stopped attending church altogether for two years before joining the Episcopal Church, which has one of the most liberal stances on abortion of any Mainline Protestant denomination. After she went public with her conversion to the pro-life position, Johnson said she felt unwelcome at this church. She was received into the Roman Catholic Church on December 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30973556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973556" title="Stone School (LeClaire, Iowa)">
Stone School (LeClaire, Iowa)

Stone School was an historic one-room school located west of LeClaire, Iowa, United States in rural Scott County. It was built in 1866 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The property for the school was donated by a prominent family at the time who supported educational endeavors. The school had a separate entrance for the boys on the south side of the building and for the girls on the north side. The building ceased being a school in 1955 and it had fallen into disrepair. It has subsequently been dismantled.
See also.
Other former school buildings in Scott County that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="30973569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973569" title="Eldorado, Saskatchewan">
Eldorado, Saskatchewan

Eldorado was a mining town located on Beaverlodge Lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada. Its initial name was Beaverlodge. Originally established by the Eldorado Mining and Refining company the town was later displaced by Uranium City. It housed miners, company families and related workers. A one-room school looked after elementary students up to grade six, after which students were bussed to Uranium City. Eldorado had its own air service of DC3s and DC4s, which supplemented commercial air service by Pacific Western Airlines. Air was the accepted mode of travel to and from Eldorado and Uranium City. The nearby Beaverlodge mine was in operation from 1953 until 1982. Eldorado and Uranium City are along Saskatchewan Highway 962 an isolated stretch of highway.
The first post office was established in 1953 with John Edgar Hamlin as postmaster; E.A.Garton (Ed) was the postmaster from January 11, 1955, to April 29, 1970. The post office was closed July 20, 1982, with May A. Grona as the last postmaster. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973570" title="Rusu">
Rusu

Rusu may refer to:
Peoples
Places

</doc>
<doc id="30973574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973574" title="Tanggamus Regency">
Tanggamus Regency

Tanggamus Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 3356.61 km² and a population of 478,568 people. The capital lies at Kota Agung Pusat. It is divided administratively into 16 "kecamatan". The regency was created on March 21, 1997.
History.
In the winter of 2009/2010, the regency suffered from flooding, which saw some 80 percent of the forest in Tanggamus severely damaged. Landslides occurred in the district of Semaka and the flooding drowned several elephants including one within the protected Bukit Barisan Selatan National Park and another at the Way Kerap Dam in Tanggamus.
Tourism.
One of tourist attraction is everyday convoy of Bottlenose dolphin in Kilauan Bay which has Kilauan Island with good scenery, but needs 3 to 4 hours drive to the southwest from the Capital City, Bandar Lampung. No public transportation to the destination, but accommodations and camping ground are available.

</doc>
<doc id="30973577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973577" title="Treaty of Gotland (1288)">
Treaty of Gotland (1288)

The Treaty of Gotland () was a peace treaty settled by the Swedish King Magnus III to resolve a conflict between the peasants of the Swedish island Gotland, and the burghers of the island's largest city, Visby. The conflict is believed to have stemmed from disagreement between the two factions over duties on all goods entering Visby. The peasants were aggrieved over the new duties that had been introduced in 1288, after completion of the City wall of Visby.
The burghers prevented the peasants from traveling to the mainland to protest to the king, and soon open hostilities broke out. A battle was fought at Högebro, where the burghers emerge victorious thanks to their superior armament. The peasants did not prevail, however, and a new battle was fought at the Monastery of Roma, where neither faction emerged victorious. 
The priests of the island now intervened, trying to bring about conciliation between the parties. They succeeded in securing a fragile peace. 
When King Magnus received word of the conflict, he summoned representatives of the fighting parties and condemned the burghers to pay 200 mark silver and 50 mark pfennig, as penance for their deeds. Magnus also stipulated that future conflicts should be settled by him, and that the peasants should be prevented from making complaints to the king. Magnus also entered into an agreement with the city of Visby, which in principle stated that only the Swedish king should be the master of Gotland. 
The Swedish king had long been wanting to expand eastward, and the conflict provided a golden opportunity to strengthen his power over Gotland, which until then had enjoyed a large measure of autonomy.

</doc>
<doc id="30973578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973578" title="Keiladeva">
Keiladeva

Keiladeva ("Keiladeua", "Keiladea", "Keilada" ) was a Dacian town mentioned in toponomastic inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="30973590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973590" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 1948">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 1948

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 15 June 1948. The majority of seats were won by independents.

</doc>
<doc id="30973591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973591" title="Karl Magnus Satre">
Karl Magnus Satre

Karl Magnus Satre (né Sætre; 1904 – 1955) was an American skier who was born in Trysil, Norway and emigrated to the United States. He competed in cross-country skiing and Nordic combined at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. He was six times American champion in Nordic combined. He was a brother of Paul Ottar Satre.

</doc>
<doc id="30973594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973594" title="Stanley Dashew">
Stanley Dashew

Stanley Aaron Dashew (September 16, 1916- April 25, 2013) was an American entrepreneur, inventor, philanthropist, and sailor who developed many devices in diverse industries, but remains best known as one of the forefathers and founders of the plastic credit card industry during the 1950s. Working alongside Joseph P. Williams, then Vice President of Bank of America and who handled the financial banking systems side, he made revolutionary contributions to accessible credit with his innovations on the mechanical and hardware end, especially with the Databosser. Authorities and publications in automated data credit his new designs for the embossing machine as the first to integrate IBM punch cards with embossers that automatically generated variable alphanumeric data pressed into new materials (first aluminum alloy, then plastic). The concept of portable variable data soon ushered in the current credit card economy.
During the course of his manufacturing career, Dashew has been issued fourteen U.S. patents for his inventions and mechanisms, and has also been responsible for the creation of more than fifty other patents assigned to his many companies. He has created mechanical systems in the business data, banking, shipping, mining, transportation, marine recreation, water purification, and medical-health industries. These included the Databosser and Datawriter under Dashew Business Machines, the single point mooring buoy in Imodco (SBM Offshore), the Dashaveyor mining cars and people transport for the Dashaveyor Company, a ship bow thruster under the Omnithruster Company, liquid aeration and oxygenation treatments through Omniphaser, wastewater purification system for Biomixer, Inc., and personal spinal decompression mobility devices under the title —the latter developed and marketed under his oversight, while in his nineties, from 2005 to 2010.
In January 2011, Dashew released his first book—an inspirational memoir in a business paperback trade edition, entitled "You Can Do It! Inspiration and Lessons from an Inventor, Entrepreneur, and Sailor" (published by Constellation Press). The book was written over a ten-year period with co-author and executive coach Josef S. Klus. The biography was released in seven different e-book digital reader formats; talks have begun for translation into Mandarin for the Chinese market.
Early life.
Stanley Dashew's parents Esther (Turits) and Leon Dashew, circa 1900 after emigration from Russia to America, at time of marriage.
Dashew's mother and father emigrated from Russia and Lithuania, respectively, during the pogroms and poverty caused by the Cossack uprising that eventually led to the Bolshevik or Red Revolution.
Dashew was the middle child of the family, born in the Harlem district in New York City. He spent most of his childhood on a sixty-five-acre agricultural property his parents owned in Pomona, New York, with his two sisters. The Dashew family ran their homestead as a summer resort—first for family and friends, and later year-round for vacationers and residents. Dashew's first foray into business at age eight was a soda pop bottle redemption service, and his first endeavor at direct customer sales came at age twelve (door-to-door bushels of peaches). By age fifteen, he had also become a Hires Root Beer reseller and sold at a roadway stand with the family’s produce and fruit. During his teenage and high school years, at the height of The Great Depression, he also helped manage his family’s properties; he secured the first business bank loan for the family enterprise, by himself.
Early career.
Dashew did not feel he had the mathematic and mechanical aptitude required for architecture or engineering. Instead, he steered himself toward law, by working part-time in his father’s office. However, he eventually became disenchanted with the law and thrust himself into pursuit of a writing career by moving to New York City, where he lived for a short time with his grandmother and paternal aunts. He accepted a position as a sales representative after exaggerating his age on the job application. In his initial career position with Addressograph-Multigraph, makers of business addressing machinery, the first task Dashew set himself to was to change his business cards to read "Special Representative" because he disliked the reputation of "Sales". Although Dashew had a distaste for selling product, he excelled at designing systems that helped customers find solutions for their business challenges, which employed his company’s products. Within two years, he had made it into the top sales bracket Hundred Club as a lifetime member—the only employee or agency manager, and youngest, to maintain the standing for ten consecutive years. He never had the opportunity to transfer to the Advertising Department. In 1942, he took a promotion from Addressograph-Multigraph to move to Grand Rapids, Michigan where he established a successful business machines sales agency.
Shortly after marrying Martha Grossman in March 1938, Dashew took an interest in sailboat ownership and cruising. At the same time, from the late 1940s to early 1950s, he started writing short magazine articles about the sailor’s skills and travels, published in magazines such as "Outdoor Life" and "Motor Boating & Sailing". In 1949, he and his wife, Martha, outfitted a 76-foot schooner, Constellation, and set sail with his young family. They sailed from the Great Lakes, up the St. Lawrence Seaway, down the East Coast, through the Caribbean and West Indies, though the Panama Canal, and up the Mexican Pacific to finally arrive and settle in Los Angeles, California. Their voyage was notable—making headlines across the Americas—because of its duration, the tall-ship’s masts and sails, their visit to a Haitian voodoo ceremony, and the fact that crew included their seven-year old son, Skip (Stephen), and their three-month old baby daughter, Leslie.
Return to business.
Rather than return to his old company as a field agency head or central office manager when he returned from sailing, Dashew formed his own business machines company in Los Angeles, California. He started by importing calculators and moved into data automation, hoping to eventually to compete with his former employer. Dashew Business Machines produced a variety of machines that embossed identification tags for the military and other industrial uses, including imprinters, which, when combined with the unique embossing machines, formed the foundation for today's credit card industry. Hughes Tool Company bought DBM in 1963.
Dashew's work with Bank of America led to the creation of the BankAmericard, the first plastic bank credit card system. Diners Club and other bank and credit card programs quickly followed. His further work with Joe Williams, retired from Bank of America, led to the introduction of Uni-card (taken over from Chase Manhattan Bank), which was later renamed VISA. To pitch his company’s unique position to American Express to emboss more variable data faster than his competitors, he printed the name of each board executive on each man’s sample card, along with a date and the catchphrase he created, “Member Since…”
Dashew then took the helm of a fledgling Swedish enterprise and facilitated the worldwide introduction of single-point mooring systems for offshore oil production developed through the IMODCO Company. The Dashaveyor Company, a people-mover system builder, gained many worldwide patents under Dashew’s direction, as did Omnithruster Company, maker of a bow-thruster system to help maneuver ships and military vessels. Other start-up companies followed, including most recently the Dashaway Company, a personal mobility and exercise device for elderly, spinal surgery, Parkinson's disease sufferers (like himself), and other patients.
Philanthropy.
During the 1970s, Dashew with the support of his second wife, Rita, initiated and conceived the plan to build the UCLA International Student Center that bears their name.
In 2000, Chancellor Albert Carnesale presented Dashew the UCLA Medal, the university's highest honor. Dashew dedicated the medal to the student volunteers, the community volunteers, and the Board of Directors at the center.
Publications.
In January 2011, at age 94, Stanley A. Dashew has published his memoir, "You Can Do It: Inspiration and Lessons from an Inventor, Entrepreneur, and Sailor" with co-author Josef S. Klus, via the Constellation Press.

</doc>
<doc id="30973600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973600" title="Global Leadership Awards">
Global Leadership Awards

The Vital Voices Global Leadership Awards honor international women leaders who are working in the fields of human rights, economic empowerment, or political reform. The event takes place annually in early spring at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C.
The 2009 program was named that year's "Most Inspirational Event" by Washington Life Magazine.
The 12th annual Global Leadership Awards will be held on April 2, 2013.
Past presenters include Ben Affleck, Christiane Amanpour, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairman Sheila Bair, Candice Bergen, Wolf Blitzer, Laura Bush, United States Secretary of State and Vital Voices co-founder Hillary Rodham Clinton, Sally Field, Honorary Co-Chair Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, Angelina Jolie, Avon CEO Andrea Jung, Angelique Kidjo, Nicholas Kristof, Lisa Ling, Time Inc. CEO Ann S. Moore, Suze Orman, Queen Rania of Jordan, Zain Verjee, board member Diane von Fürstenberg, Reese Witherspoon, Brian Williams, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="30973603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973603" title="Bettendorf-Washington School">
Bettendorf-Washington School

Bettendorf-Washington School is an historic building located in Bettendorf, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
History.
The first school building in what is now Bettendorf was a stone building named the Gilbert School, and was built in 1870. It was located near State Street at the foot of 21st Street. Its name derived from its location in the town of Gilbert, as Bettendorf was then known. As the town grew there was a need for a larger school. The citizens of Bettendorf passed a bond referendum in 1908 to build a new school on 16th Street. The new building was called Bettendorf School. The old stone schoolhouse became a restaurant and bar and became a gathering place for the areas Armenian immigrants. The building was modernized in 1923 and in 1927 Bettendorf School was renamed Washington School. 
After the building was no longer used as a school it became the Bettendorf Museum, and then the Bettendorf Children's Museum. It became the Family Museum after its merger with the Center for the Cultural Arts. It has since moved to a different location.
See also.
Other former school buildings in Scott County that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="30973611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973611" title="On the Brink (Spooks)">
On the Brink (Spooks)

"On the Brink" is the fifth episode of series seven of the British espionage television series "Spooks", and the 60th episode overall. It was originally broadcast on digital channel BBC Three on 10 November 2008, and repeated on frontline channel BBC One on 17 November. The episode was written by Christian Spurrier, his first writing credit for the series, and directed by Edward Hall. Set during the credit crunch, in this episode, Section D chief Ros Myers (Hermione Norris) works undercover to stop Alexis Meynell (Paul Rhys), a banker who is attempting to bankrupt the country. Later, Ros discovers Meynell's motive.
The idea behind the episode came from the financial crisis of Northern Rock in late 2007; the producers wanted to set up a story about a bank collapse so severe it could result in an economic collapse. The episode was filmed in May 2008, with a lot taking place in London's Blue Fin building. About six million viewers saw the episode from both BBC One and Three broadcasts; the BBC One ratings were steady despite heavy competition from "I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here!" on ITV1. Critical reactions towards the episode were positive for including a change in plot.
Plot.
Section D believes banker Alexis Meynell is trying to bankrupt the country. Sir Harry Pearce (Peter Firth) asks the Chancellor of the Exchequer Gillian Calderwood (Selina Cadell) to freeze Meynell's assets, but is turned down due to lack of evidence. To get the evidence they need, Ros is sent undercover to the London Stock Exchange, where Meynell is targeting the bank Highland Life. After starting a rumour about the bank, he starts betting against it. When the chairman of Highland Life, Francis Debham (Simon Williams), attempts to keep the bank afloat, Meynell doubles his position, bankrupting Highland Life. Ros uses the opportunity to swipe a memory card from Meynell's mobile phone, containing his secure email account that could prove his guilt. However, they find nothing relevant. Lucas North (Richard Armitage) relays this to Ros and tells her to get closer to Meynell.
Ben Kaplan (Alex Lanipekun) breaks into Meynell's office to learn of deals between Highland Life and Salma, a Russian bank that according to Elizabeta Starkova (Paloma Baeza), has connections with the Russian mafia. It is also revealed Highland Life owes Salma £65 billion. It was this reason that earlier in the episode, Denham committed suicide. In order to get Meynell to trust her to become part of his plan, Ros sleeps with him. Later, Calderwood receives a call from Asa Darlek (Stephen Noonan), Meynell's associate from Salma, and threatens to either have the £65 billion paid back, or he will go public to inform the country the true extent of its debts. Ros presents a third option; have Calderwood announce she will back Highland Life, while at the same time she will convince Meynell to bet against it. Such a plan would financially ruin Meynell. The next morning however, Darlek realises she is MI5 and threatens to kill her if Calderwood does not back down. Ros fights the gun off and Calderwood goes ahead with her statement. Later, Lucas releases Elizabeta as an asset. Meanwhile, Jo Portman (Miranda Raison) believes Boscard (Gus Gallagher), her captor from the end of series six, is still alive after seeing several hallucinations of him. Later, Ros puts her mind at rest when she shows Jo photographic evidence Boscard is indeed dead, and it was Jo who killed him.
Running on a tip that Connie James (Gemma Jones) may have leaked the top secret Sugarhorse to the Russians due to her affair with Hugo Prince, one of only five people to know about the operation, Harry has officers search her home. Harry later finds a tape left by Prince in a Big Ben souvenir. Prince left a message that there is a leak in Sugarhorse, but Connie is not responsible. Later, Harry admits to Lucas that in "The Tip-Off" he was lying about not knowing what Sugarhorse and asks him to recall anything during his interrogations. Lucas eventually recalls the word "Pilgrim" uttered several times. He did a background check and informs Harry that "Pilgrim" is the codename for Bernard Qualtrough, the same man apparently helping Harry find the mole.
Production.
The episode was written by Christian Spurrier, his first writing credit for the series. He joined the "Spooks" writing staff in January 2008. Producer Katie Swinden wanted to base an episode on the economy, which at the time was facing a recession following the financial crisis of the British bank Northern Rock just months before. After trying a few different stories, the producers settled on a story about a bank collapse that is so severe it could result in an economic collapse. Spurrier did research on banking climate in the City of London in March 2008, and realised the economy was going down, but also wanted to exaggerate the numbers for the episode. Ros was chosen to lead because the character had a background in business. In some of the original drafts of the episode, John Castle would return as Jocelyn Myers, Ros' father, but later on the producers realised they did not need him. The producers also wanted to include some jeopardy in the climax, namely adding a gun to a head or a bomb, which created the scenes where Darlek threatened to kill Ros. Spurrier felt he had a "lot of juggling" in writing three separate storylines; the main plot, the Sugarhorse subplot and Jo; but did a lot of learning how to write a "Spooks" script as he wrote it.
The character of Alexis Meynell was inspired by Howard Brenton's writing for "The Russian" in the fourth series. Spurrier wanted him to always suspect Ros, but at the same time be intrigued by her. The producers enjoyed casting Paul Rhys for the role as his performance was "fantastically scary." In playing Asa Darlek, Stephen Noonan had to abandon his Liverpudlian accent and sport a Russian one, which Noonan worked hard on. Director Edward Hall provided the voice for Hugo Prince.
The episode was filmed throughout May 2008. The helicopter shots of the city were filmed before principal photography of the seventh series started. Almost all scenes where shot during the day, including the scenes set during the night. The second day of the shoot for the episode took place at a house not belonging to the crew, used as the home of Connie James. The Blue Fin building in London provided several locations for the episode, mostly the stock exchange room. Real life traders were used to film scenes set in the floor. Swinden noted that the traders were "interesting guys" to work with, and told the producers the story was "very close to home." The producers borrowed two expensive cars, more prominently an Aston Martin DB9 convertible, which were driven by Armitage and Norris. Armitage was asked to drive the car for only 10 yards, but the actor ended up getting carried away by wheel-spinning and driving the car around a city block. Another car was a Bentley used for Denham's suicide. Because it was on loan, Firth's options on acting as if he was trying to save Denham was very limited without having to damage the car.
Broadcast and reception.
The episode was originally broadcast on the digital channel BBC Three from 10:30 pm on Monday, 10 November 2008, after the broadcast of the fourth episode on BBC One. The episode would later be repeated on BBC One the next week on 17 November 2008 during the 9 pm to 10 pm time slot, except in Northern Ireland, where it was withheld until 10:35 pm. According to overnight figures, the first look on BBC Three was seen by 691,500, a 6.1 per cent share on its timeslot. The BBC One repeat was viewed by 4.95 million, with a 20.3% audience share. Though it went against "I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here!" on ITV1, which attracted over eight million viewers, "Spooks" ratings remained steady from the previous week. According to the final numbers from the Broadcasters' Audience Research Board, the episode was viewed by 0.79 million from BBC Three, and later 5.21 million from BBC One, together adding up to 6 million.
The episode received positive reactions from television critics. Gerard O'Donovan of "The Daily Telegraph" called it "another pertinent, brilliantly written episode" and reacted positively towards the episode's "new kind of threat: the economic terrorist." O'Donovan also praised Paul Rhys' acting for "giving his villainous all." Mof Gimmers of "TV Scoop" praised the episode for having "a refreshing change from the usual theme of this series", with Rhys' performance and the sub plot of the Sugarhorse story arc adding "definitely one of the best stories so far in what has been an impressive series, if a little heavy on the Islamic terrorist side at times. With three episodes to go the Sugarhorse story is building nicely to a crescendo."

</doc>
<doc id="30973612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973612" title="Total Soccer Show">
Total Soccer Show

The Total Soccer Show is a radio program and podcast about football, produced in Richmond, Virginia, and broadcast locally on public radio station WRIR-LP. The first show was broadcast in August 2009.
The show is also available as a podcast, and has been part of the North American Soccer Network since December 2012.
Features.
Game of the Week.
The show picks one game each week and analyzes it.
The Wikipedia Game.
The co-hosts compete to name a mystery player, based on clues from his or her Wikipedia page.
The 3-6-1 Hall of Fame.
The co-hosts profile famous names who they feel have contributed to the growth of soccer in the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="30973635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973635" title="Bülent Erdem">
Bülent Erdem

Bülent Erdem (born 21 November 1948) is a Turkish fencer. He competed in the individual foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973636" title="Volleyball at the Pan Arab Games">
Volleyball at the Pan Arab Games

Volleyball has been an Pan Arab Games event since the second edition in 1957 in Beirut, Lebanon.
Indoor Volleyball.
Men's tournaments.
Summaries.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.
Women's tournaments.
Summaries.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.

</doc>
<doc id="30973644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973644" title="Aílton dos Santos Ferraz">
Aílton dos Santos Ferraz

Aílton dos Santos Ferraz, commonly known as Aílton (born January 1, 1966), is a retired association footballer who played as an attacking midfielder for several Série A clubs.
Career.
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Aílton started his professional career playing with Flamengo. With Flamengo he played 116 Série A games and scored five goals between 1985 and 1991. He won the Campeonato Carioca in 1985, 1986 and 1987, the Taça Guanabara in 1988 and in 1989, the Taça Rio in 1985 and in 1986 the Série A in 1987, and the Copa do Brasil in 1990 with the club.
He left Flamengo in 1991 to play with Guarani, joining Kashiwa Reysol of Japan in 1993 and returning to Brazil in 1995 to defend Fluminense, and help the club won the Campeonato Carioca in 1995. He was part of the Grêmio squad that won the 1996 Série A. After playing for several different clubs, he retired in 2002 while defending Uberlândia.
He began his coaching career in 2007 as America's head coach. After commanding weaker teams, such as Cabofriense, Volta Redonda and Duque de Caxias, he was invited by Jorginho to be his assistant coach, where he stayed in Goiás, Figueirense, and Flamengo.

</doc>
<doc id="30973647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973647" title="Infinite Wind Energy">
Infinite Wind Energy

Infinite Wind Energy, LLC (IWE) is a small wind turbine company located in Northern New Jersey. The company makes proprietary wind turbines which are powered with counter-rotating blades that use 2 blades on each side that counter-rotate. The technology was awarded as the "Best Green Company" at the NJTC conference of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30973651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973651" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 1953">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 1953

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 17 January 1953. The result was a victory for the Constitutional Union Party, which won 67 of the 135 seats. Only 57 seats were contested.

</doc>
<doc id="30973660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973660" title="Bannered routes of U.S. Route 19">
Bannered routes of U.S. Route 19

Several bannered routes of U.S. Route 19 exist. In order from south to north they are as follows.
Existing.
St. Petersburg-Holiday alternate route.
Alternate U.S. Route 19 is the former section of U.S. Route 19 from St. Petersburg, Florida to Holiday.
Beginning at the intersection of 4th Street N (US 92 and SR 687 and 5th Avenue N in St. Petersburg, Florida, it runs west of US 19 near the Gulf coast passing through the cities of Seminole, Clearwater, Dunedin and Tarpon Springs before ending at US 19 in Holiday, Pasco County, Florida. It is also the unsigned State Road 595 throughout the entire route. It also runs along much of the Pinellas Trail.
Leesburg bypass route.
U.S. Route 19 Bypass is a short western bypass of the town of Leesburg in Lee County, which was completed in 2009. It is concurrent with State Route 3 Bypass and briefly with State Route 32.
Griffin business loop.
U.S. Route 19 Business (US 19 Business) in Griffin, Georgia is co-signed with Bus US 41. It begins at the intersection of US 19/41 and Georgia State Route 155, and follows GA 155 north around Griffin-Spalding County Airport. Then it turns west at Georgia State Route 16 until it curves onto Georgia State Route 92 until finally ending at a wye interchange with US 19/41.
Dahlonega business loop.
U.S. Route 19 Business in Dahlonega is signed with both Georgia State Route 9 and Georgia State Route 52
Murphy business loop.
U.S. Route 19 Business is a business route established in 1980 that replaced the original US 19 routing through the city of Murphy, along Hiwassee Street, Valley River Avenue, Hill Street, Andrews Road and Pleasant Valley Road.
Andrews business loop.
U.S. Route 19 Business is a business route established in 1979 replaced the original US 19 routing through the city of Andrews, along Main Street.
Bryson City connector.
U.S. Route 19 Connector is a connector route established on October 2011, that connect US 19 (Main Street) with US 74 (Great Smoky Mountains Expressway). Also known as Veterans Boulevard, it was upgraded to primary status because of real need of maintenance and Swain County's secondary route budget was unable to support it. The route is an undivided four-lane the entire length and serves as the main entrance to Bryson City.
Asheville business loop.
U.S. Route 19 Business (US 19 Bus), established in 1960, is a business route currently starts on Haywood Road then go north on I-26/I-240 (exit 2) back to the main US 19 (exit 3). Historically, US 19 Business continued along Haywood Road, connecting to Clingman Avenue and then to Patton Avenue/US 19. In 1961, it extended over Patton Avenue through downtown Asheville when US 19 moved onto the East-West Freeway. In 1962, it was rerouted to its current alignment from Haywood Road to Hanover Street (now I-26/I-240). It is co-signed with US 23 Bus.
Weaverville business loop.
U.S. Route 19 Business, established on September 1967, this business route follows the original US 19 mainline through the city of Weaverville. The business loop is clearly marked along the route, though the freeway bypass (I-26/US 19/US 23) does not mention it. It starts from exit 23 interchange (with a brief overlap with US 25), then goes north along Weaverville Road and Main Street; it reconnects with the freeway at the exit 18 interchange via Clarks Chapel Road/Monticello Road.
Tazewell business loop.
U.S. Route 19 Business (US 19 Business) is an eight mile business route of US 460 in Tazewell, Virginia. It is co-signed with Bus US 460. 
Pittsburgh truck route.
U.S. Route 19 Truck (US 19 Truck) is a truck route route of U.S. Route 19 (US 19) located in Western Pennsylvania in the Pittsburgh Metro Area that has a length of . It is a loop off US 19; the southern terminus located in Mt. Lebanon and the northern terminus in McCandless Township, connecting to US 19 at both ends. The route is notable for a large, unorthodox interchange with the Penn–Lincoln Parkway (I-376/US 22/US 30) just west of the Fort Pitt Tunnel, where the route joins the Parkway and forms several wrong-way concurrencies, including one with its own opposing directions. North of Pittsburgh, U.S. Route 19 Truck is called McKnight Road and south of Pittsburgh it carries West Liberty Avenue and Washington Road.
Former.
Brooksville alternate route.
U.S. Route 19 Alternate was a former segment of US 19 that ran from Bayonte Point to Brooksville, Florida, which only existed for one year. It ran along what is today State Road 52 from Bayonet Point to Gowers Corner, and then turned north along US 41 into Brooksville.
Waynesville alternate route.
U.S. Route 19 Alternate (US 19A) was routed through downtown Waynesville along with US 23A (today as US 23 Business).
Lake Junaluska-Ela alternate route (1947-1948).
U.S. Route 19 Alternate (US 19A) was routed from Lake Junaluska to Ela, through Maggie Valley and Cherokee. This route lasted one year before it switched back as main US 19 in 1948.
Lake Junaluska-Ela alternate route (1948-1987).
U.S. Route 19 Alternate (US 19A) was routed from Lake Junaluska to Ela, through Sylva and Dillsboro. This route was replaced by US 74.
Asheville alternate route.
U.S. Route 19 Alternate (US 19A) was routed along Haywood Road through Asheville. This route was re-branded as US 19 Business in 1960.
Cane River-Elk Park alternate route.
US 19E was labeled on several commercial maps as U.S. Route 19A; it is unknown if the route ever indeed changed signage or was simply a mapping error of that time period.

</doc>
<doc id="30973661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973661" title="Ali Tayla">
Ali Tayla

Ali Tayla (born 17 September 1949) is a Turkish fencer. He competed in the individual épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973680" title="Miguel Murillo (Colombian footballer)">
Miguel Murillo (Colombian footballer)

Miguel Antonio Murillo Rivas (born July 3, 1988 in Bogotá) is a Colombian footballer currently playing as a striker for Audax Italiano of the Chilean Primera División.
Career.
Murillo began his professional career playing with Uruguayan side Juventud Las Piedras in 2006. He spent the next two years playing in the Second Division, til mid-2007, when his team returned to the First División. He scored his first goal in Uruguay's top-flight football league on May 4, 2008 in a 1-1 away draw against Montevideo Wanderers. 
In August 2010, he signed a new deal with El Tanque Sisley.

</doc>
<doc id="30973682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973682" title="Atjeh-class cruiser">
Atjeh-class cruiser

The "Atjeh"-class was a class of unprotected cruisers of the Royal Netherlands Navy. The class comprised "Atjeh", "Tromp", "Koningin Emma der Nederlanden", "De Ruyter", "Van Speyk" and "Johan Willem Friso".
Design.
The ships of the class were long, had a beam of , a draught of , and had a displacement of 3,425 ton. The ships were equipped with reciprocating engines, which were rated at and produced a top speed of .
The ships were armed with six guns and eight single guns.
Construction.
All ships were laid down at the "Rijkswerf" in Amsterdam and launched between 1876 and 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="30973687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973687" title="Mehmet Akpınar">
Mehmet Akpınar

Mehmet Akpınar (born 3 March 1940) is a Turkish fencer. He competed in the individual sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973690" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, June 1954">
Iraqi parliamentary election, June 1954

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 9 June 1954, although they were delayed until 14 June in some areas due to social upheaval. The Constitutional Union Party remained the largest party, winning 50 of the 135 seats, although 53 were won by independents.

</doc>
<doc id="30973703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973703" title="Sir Henry Bard's regiment of Foote">
Sir Henry Bard's regiment of Foote

A brief history.
Sir Henry Bard's Regiment of Foote was a northern unit, originally called Colonel Thomas Pinchbeck's Regiment of Foote. Raised in Northumberland. It arrived in Oxford in May 1643 under the command of Colonel Thomas Pinchbeck. Half of Pinchbeck's regiment was split from the regiment under Bard's command to form Lord Percy's Foote. Pinchbeck was killed at the first battle of Newbury, and Bard took control of Pinchbeck's half of the regiment, hence the name change. The regiment's first major conflict under its new commanding officer was at Cheriton Wood. It was a disaster; records suggest that a week later the regiment numbered 176 men.
The regiment later fought at Battle of Cropredy Bridge, Battle of Lostwithiel and the second battle of Newbury, before being reinforced by the Queen's lifeguard and forming the garrison of Campden House.
It is possible that they may also at this time have become an all musketeer unit as was normal with garrisons and firelock muskets were certainly issued. Originally they wore grey or white coats but it is possible that red coats may have been issued at this time. The unit was finally destroyed at the Battle of Naseby; all of its colours were captured.
As part of the Sealed Knot.
The present day regiment has two companies: Captain Errington's Companye, based mainly in Essex but also having members as far a field as Ipswich and Devon and The Major's Companye, based mainly around Basingstoke.
The regiment consists of pike, musket, drums, ensigns, artillery and camp followers. There are also two cannons within the regiment: Donna and Lizzy B.

</doc>
<doc id="30973717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973717" title="Paul Ottar Satre">
Paul Ottar Satre

Paul Ottar Satre (né Sætre; 1908 – 1984) was an American ski jumper and cross-country skier who was born in Trysil, Norway and emigrated to the United States. He competed in Nordic combined at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. He was a brother of Karl Magnus Satre.

</doc>
<doc id="30973718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973718" title="Tulang Bawang Regency">
Tulang Bawang Regency

Tulang Bawang Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of and a population of 860,854. The capital lies at Menggala, located about from the provincial capital of Bandar Lampung. The regency takes its name from the Tulang Bawang River which flows through the province. 
Economy.
Major crops include rice, orange (a growing sector), corn, cassava, soy bean and zallaca palm fruit. As of 2010, the area under plantation in the regency is , mainly rubber, coconut, oil palm and sugar cane. It is particularly known though for its shrimp industry.

</doc>
<doc id="30973724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973724" title="Özden Ezinler">
Özden Ezinler

Özden Ezinler (born 24 July 1950) is a Turkish fencer. She competed in the women's individual foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973729" title="Eldridge Turn-Halle">
Eldridge Turn-Halle

The Eldridge Turn-Halle was an historic building located in Eldridge, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The structure was built around 1885 and was used by the Eldridge Turnverein, which was established in 1893. Leo and Marie Tombergs owned the building for 53 years. During that time it was used for a reception and social hall. The Tombergs sold the property to the DelVichio family in 1996 and they operated a restaurant and pub in the building until it was destroyed in a fire on January 17, 2013. The remains of the building was torn down in April of the same year.
Turnvereins.
Friedrich Ludwig Jahn (1778–1852) was a teacher in Berlin who started outdoor physical education classes in 1811. His twin goals were to promote physical fitness and German nationalism. Over the next three decades gymnastic societies known as "Turnvereins" were begun in many German cities. Their members were known as “Turners”, the German word for gymnasts. The societies also served as gathering places for people who desired democratic reforms in the governments of the various German states. They supported the revolution that began in 1848 and when it failed they fled to the United States. Many Germans came to Scott County at that time and the county became the home to five Turnvereins, or Turner halls.
See also.
The following are clubhouses in Scott County, Iowa that are also listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="30973743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973743" title="Gregg Heschong">
Gregg Heschong

Gregg Heschong is an American cinematographer and television director. 
For much of his career, he amassed a number cinematography credits in the television series "The Tracey Ullman Show", "Perfect Strangers", "The George Carlin Show", "Wanda at Large", '"Til Death", "Twins", "Better with You" and "$h*! My Dad Says". As well as working as a cinematographer and director for the series "Family Matters", "NewsRadio", "Becker" and "True Jackson, VP".
Prior to a career in television, Heschong has also had a career in feature films working as a camera operator and director of photography on the films "Firefox" (1982), "Tron" (1982), "Broadcast News" (1987) and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988).
In 2006, Heschong received a Primetime Emmy nomination for his cinematography work on "The New Adventures of Old Christine",

</doc>
<doc id="30973753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973753" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, September 1954">
Iraqi parliamentary election, September 1954

Early parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 12 September 1954, after the Parliament elected in June was dissolved by the King on 3 August. The Constitutional Union Party remained the largest party, winning 94 of the 135 seats, although only 25 seats were actually contested.

</doc>
<doc id="30973759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973759" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1609">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1609

United Nations Security Council resolution1609, adopted unanimously on 24 June 2005, after recalling previous resolutions on the situation in Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) and supporting French forces for a further seven months until 24 January 2006.
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council reaffirmed its support for the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and its full implementation. It commended the African Union, Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and French forces for their efforts to promote a peaceful settlement in Côte d'Ivoire, but noted existing challenges to the stability of the country and its threat to international peace and security in the region, particularly at events in the west of the country.
The Council also reviewed a report on cross-border operations between the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL), the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) and UNOCI.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council extended the mandate of UNOCI and supporting French forces for seven months. UNOCI was given tasks in the following areas:
The strength of UNOCI was increased by 850 military and 725 police personnel. In addition, the Secretary-General was authorised to implement measures contained in his report on inter-mission co-operation and possible cross-border operations. The resolution detailed arrangements for the redeployment of troops among the three peacekeeping operations.
Finally, the Council authorised supporting French forces to use any means necessary to support UNOCI.

</doc>
<doc id="30973764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973764" title="Dance Dance Revolution Freedom">
Dance Dance Revolution Freedom

Dance Dance Revolution Freedom was a rhythm game by Konami originally made available for the iOS, as part of the company's "Dance Dance Revolution" series of music video games. The game was made available via Apple's App Store in North America February 11, 2011. The game is the second one in its series to be made available for the platform. It has since been pulled from the App Store for reasons unknown.
Gameplay.
Gameplay remains similar to other "Dance Dance Revolution" games, as players hit arrows to the beat of a selected song. Unlike other DDR titles (excluding Dance Dance Revolution S), "Dance Dance Revolution Freedom" uses a virtual dance pad on the device's touch screen instead of a full-fledged dance pad peripheral. Standard and course modes are available from the start, and an option, "Shake Mode", which uses the device's accelerometers for play.

</doc>
<doc id="30973767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973767" title="Lebia">
Lebia

Lebia is a genus of predatory ground beetles. Common names include colorful foliage ground beetles and flat ground beetles. They are found worldwide and there over 700 species in 17 subgenera.
Description.
Small or medium sized beetles, often iridescent or vividly coloured with wide, flattened elytra. They are often found on foliage and flowers. They eat small insects and some species are parasitic on leaf beetle larvae.
Genera.
Subgenus "Chelonodema"
Subgenus "Cymatographa"
Subgenus "Glyciolebia"
Subgenus "Grammica"
Subgenus "Lamprias"
Subgenus "Lebia"
Subgenus "Liopeza"
Subgenus "Loxopeza"
Subgenus "Metalebia"
Subgenus "Nomatopeza"
Subgenus "Nipponolebia"
Subgenus "Poecilostota"
Subgenus "Poecilothais"
Subgenus "Polycheloma"
Subgenus "Promecochila"
Subgenus "Rhytidopeza"
Subgenus "Stephana"

</doc>
<doc id="30973801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973801" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 1980">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 1980

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 20 June 1980, the first since 1958. The election was contested by around 860 candidates, and saw the Ba'ath Party win 187 of the 250 seats. Voter turnout was approximately 80%.

</doc>
<doc id="30973813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973813" title="Berger Torrissen">
Berger Torrissen

Berger Torrissen (1901 – 1991) was an American skier who was born in Sørreisa, Norway and emigrated to the United States. He competed in Nordic combined and cross-country skiing at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. He was a brother-in-law of Karl Magnus Satre and Paul Ottar Satre.

</doc>
<doc id="30973830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973830" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 1984">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 1984

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 20 October 1984. The election was contested by 782 candidates, and saw the Ba'ath Party win 183 of the 250 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30973845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973845" title="Sophias Style Boutique">
Sophias Style Boutique

Sophias Style Boutique is an American online retailer based out of Omaha, Nebraska that carries designer children’s apparel, accessories, toys, and furniture. The company was founded in 2004 by owners Jake and Belinda North as an eBay store. Currently, Sophias Style Boutique ships to customers worldwide from nearly 30 warehouses located across the United States.
Publicity and Awards.
In March 2009, Jake and Belinda were listed in the Midlands Business Journal as Top 40 Under 40 Award Winners. According to the journal article, SophiasStyle.com had over 250,000 visitors to the site by February 2009 and over 40,000 customers had asked to receive the company’s marketing emails. As of March, 2009 the company was shipping approximately 400 packages daily to customers all over the world. Sophias Style sells products on SophiasStyle.com, Amazon, eBay, and Overstock.com.
The North’s have been included in Marsha Collier’s book, "Santa Shops on eBay", and "The eBay Billionaires’ Club: Exclusive Secrets for Building an Even Bigger and More Profitable Online Business", by Amy Joyner. They have also been featured in "FORTUNE" Magazine, "Entrepreneur" Magazine and "Bride’s" Magazine.
Fundraising.
Sophia’s Style offers a fundraising program for local schools and non-profit organizations in which a portion of the proceeds from every sale to a student or member is donated to their school or organization. Saint Matthews Catholic School and the Figure Skating Club of Omaha are both enrolled in the Sophias Style fundraising program.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30973846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973846" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2011 – Women's slalom">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2011 – Women's slalom

Complete results for Women's Slalom competition at the 2011 World Championships, run on Saturday, February 19. The tenth race of the championships, its first run at 10:00 local time (CET) and the second run 13:30.
A total of 111 athletes from 46 countries competed.

</doc>
<doc id="30973855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973855" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 1989">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 1989

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 1 April 1989, having originally been scheduled for 31 August 1988, but postponed due to the Iran-Iraq War. The election was contested by 921 candidates, and saw the Ba'ath Party win 207 of the 250 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30973865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973865" title="Cody Road Historic District">
Cody Road Historic District

Cody Road Historic District is located in LeClaire, Iowa, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973879" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 400 metres relay">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 400 metres relay

These are the results of the women's 4 x 400 metres relay event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 3 of each heat (Q) plus the 2 fastest times (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30973891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973891" title="Rachel Bodley">
Rachel Bodley

Rachel Littler Bodley (December 7, 1831 – June 15, 1888) was an American professor and university leader. She was best known for her term as Dean of the Women's Medical College of Pennsylvania (1874–1888).
Bodley was the eldest daughter of a Presbyterian carpenter and a teacher. She attended the primary school which her mother ran. In 1848 she entered the Wesleyan Female College in Cincinnati and graduated at age 17 in 1849. She served as an assistant teacher at Wesleyan until 1860, when she entered the Polytechnic College of Pennsylvania to study chemistry and physics. She also studied anatomy and physiology at the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania.
In 1862, Bodley became a professor of natural sciences at the Cincinnati Female Seminary. She took on the organization of the herbarium which had been donated to the Seminary by the heirs of Joseph Clark (1823-1858). It was an extensive collection of local flora, and the guide to the collection which Bodley compiled, printed in 1865, also served as a guide to plants in the Cincinnati area.
In 1865 she left the Cincinnati Female Seminary, to become the Chair of Chemistry and Toxicology at the Women's Medical College of Pennsylvania, where she would spend the rest of her career. She was the first woman to become a professor of chemistry at a medical school. In 1874 she was elected Dean of the Faculty, and retained that position until her death. She presided over construction of the school's first new building, and conducted a statistical study of the school's graduates, said to be the first such factual study of women in the medical profession. She presided over the graduation of one of the first Hindu women (the other being Kadambini Ganguly), to obtain a degree in Western medicine, Anandi Gopal Joshi. The event was witnessed by Pandita Ramabai and she was congratulated by Queen Victoria. Bodley would later write an introduction to Pandita Ramabai's book "The High-Caste Hindu Woman" (1887).

</doc>
<doc id="30973896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973896" title="Robert Moncreiff, 3rd Baron Moncreiff">
Robert Moncreiff, 3rd Baron Moncreiff

Robert Chichester Moncreiff, 3rd Baron Moncreiff (24 August 1843 – 14 May 1913) was an English clergyman and cricketer who succeeded to the title Baron Moncreiff.
Moncreiff was born at Edinburgh, the younger son of James Moncreiff, 1st Baron Moncreiff and his wife Isabella Bell, daughter of Robert Bell, Procurator of the Church of Scotland. He was educated at Harrow School where he was in the cricket XI in 1852. He was admitted at Trinity College, Cambridge on 5 January 1863. He played cricket for his college and also played for the Quidnuncs.
In 1870, Moncreiff was awarded BA and ordained a deacon at Lichfield when he became curate of Cubley, Derbyshire. He was ordained priest in 1871 at Chichester. He played cricket for various clubs and mainly for Gentlemen of counties including Derbyshire, Cheshire and Staffordshire. In 1873 he played one match for Derbyshire County Cricket Club when they needed 16 players in an extra match against Nottinghamshire. He also played for Staffordshire and the Incogniti. In 1875 he became vicar of Clifton-upon-Teme, Worcestershire and played cricket regularly for Gentlemen of Worcestershire until 1881. He became vicar of Tanworth-in-Arden, Warwickshire in 1885 and remained there until his death aged 69. He was described as an eloquent preacher.
In 1909, Moncreiff succeeded to the title Baron Moncreiff on the death of his elder brother Henry. 
Moncreiff married Florence Kate Fitzherbert, daughter of Colonel Richard Henry FitzHerbert, of Somersal Herbert on 4 January 1871. He was succeeded by his son James Arthur Fitzherbert Moncreiff, 4th Baron Moncreiff.

</doc>
<doc id="30973897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973897" title="Martha Masters (House)">
Martha Masters (House)

Dr. Martha M. Masters, Ph.D., is a fictional character on the Fox medical drama television series "House". Masters is portrayed by American actress Amber Tamblyn. Although she hadn't reappeared for the rest of the season 7, and most of the season 8, she returned in the last episode, "Everybody Dies".
Biography.
After graduating from high school at the age of 15, Martha Masters obtained doctorate degrees in both applied math and art history. In the episode "Office Politics", Dr. Lisa Cuddy hires Masters, a medical student, for the position on Dr. House's diagnostic team left vacant by Thirteen. House once described Masters' personality as having "nervous, anxious energy" when describing the list of candidates Taub had to pick from to study with when being re-certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM). In the episode "Family Practice", House threatens to have Masters thrown out of medical school if she tells Cuddy or her mother's physician about switching her medication. Despite this, she informs both groups and still retains her job. In the episode of "Last Temptation" she leaves House.
In the seventh season, Martha mentions that her father is (or was) Classics chair at Columbia University. He fell in love with a female student nineteen years younger than he was. Martha came from the eventual marriage.
Masters makes her final appearance in the series finale "Everybody Dies", where, at House's funeral she delivers a eulogy stating that House had given her "the courage to quit".
Personality.
Masters appears to be reserved and awkward to her colleagues, easily showing intimidation around them. She has a strong moral compass and does not feel the need to lie to Dr. Cuddy or her patients, which frequently ends up with her coming to odds with Dr. House over it, with one such instance almost costing her career (House threatens to ruin her if she came forward with information best left unsaid). Though she feels the need to always tell her patients the truth, this does not always go over well with them and often backfires. Over time, however, she warms to the other doctors and learns to lie to their patients somehow, though she still retains her morality.
The character (although exaggerated) is based on real-life friend and physician Meredith Masters (Birth name Martha Meredith Masters), who Tamblyn has known since childhood. Tamblyn has given interviews about the character and states, "My character is based at least partially on one of my good friends with the same name, although the character may come across as socially awkward at times, her heart, morals and judgment never waver." Tamblyn has stated that this was "the single most difficult character for me to portray in my career due to the requirement that the writers placed on me with regards to pronouncing medical terms correctly."

</doc>
<doc id="30973898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973898" title="Lambda-connectedness">
Lambda-connectedness

In applied mathematics, lambda-connectedness (or λ-connectedness) deals with partial connectivity for a discrete space.
Assume that a function on a discrete space (usually a graph) is given. A degree of connectivity (connectedness) will be defined to measure the connectedness of the space with respect to the function. It was invented to create a new method for image segmentation. The method has expanded to handle other problems related to uncertainty for incomplete information analysis. 
For a digital image and a certain value of formula_1, two pixels are called formula_1-connected if there is a path linking those two pixels and the connectedness of this path is at least formula_1. formula_1-connectedness is an equivalence relation.
Background.
Connectedness is a basic measure in many areas of mathematical science and social sciences. In graph theory, two vertices are said to be connected if there is a path between them. In topology, two points are connected if there is a continuous
function that could move from one point to another continuously. In management science, for example, in an institution,
two individuals are connected if one person is under the supervision of the other. Such connected relations only describe either full connection or no connection. lambda-connectedness is introduced to measure incomplete or fuzzy relations between two vertices, points, human beings, etc.
In fact, partial relations have been studied in other aspects. Random graph theory allows one to assign a probability to each edge of a graph. This method assumes, in most cases, each edge has the same probability. On the other hand, Bayesian networks are often used for inference and analysis when relationships between each pair of states/events, denoted by vertices, are known. These relationships are usually represented by conditional probabilities
among these vertices and are usually obtained from outside of the system.
formula_1-connectedness is based on graph theory; however, graph theory only deals with vertices and edges with or without weights. In order to define a partial, incomplete, or fuzzy connectedness, one needs to assign a function on the vertex in the graph. Such a function is called a potential function. It can be used to represent the intensity of an image, the surface of a "XY"-domain, or the utility function of a management or economic network.
Basic concepts.
A generalized definition of formula_1-connectedness can be described as follows: a simple system formula_7, where formula_8 is called a potential function of formula_9. If formula_7 is an image, then formula_9 is a 2D or 2D grid space and formula_8 is an intensity function. For a color image, one can use formula_13 to represent formula_8.
A neighbor connectivity will be first defined on a pair of adjacent points. Then one can define the general connectedness for any two points.
Assume formula_15 is used to measure the neighbor-connectivity of x,y where x and y are adjacent.
In graph "G" = ("V", "E"), a finite sequence formula_16 is called a path, if formula_17.
The path-connectivity formula_18 of a path formula_19
is defined as
Finally, the degree of connectedness (connectivity) of two vertices x,y with respect to formula_8 is defined as
For a given formula_23, point formula_24 and formula_25 are said to be formula_1-connected if formula_27.
formula_1-connectedness is a equivalence relation. It can be used in image segmentation.

</doc>
<doc id="30973901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973901" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 1996">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 1996

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 24 March 1996. The election was contested by 689 candidates, although 30 MPs were appointed to represent Iraqi Kurdistan. The result was a victory for the Ba'ath Party, which won 161 of the 250 seats. Voter turnout was reported to be 93.5%.
All candidates "had been approved beforehand by a committee chaired by the Justice Minister".

</doc>
<doc id="30973903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973903" title="Nephropsis atlantica">
Nephropsis atlantica

Nephropsis atlantica, sometimes called the scarlet lobsterette or scarlet clawed lobster, is a species of lobster from the Atlantic Ocean.
Description.
"Nephropsis atlantica" is relatively small for a lobster, growing to a maximum total length of . The eyes are unpigmented, in contrast to shallow-water species, and the carapace, abdomen and chelae are covered in setae (bristles).
Distribution.
"Nephropsis atlantica" is found on muddy substrates in deep waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean, from the Faroe Islands to Namibia. It has been recorded at depths of , but is most frequent at . It is one of only three clawed lobsters in the north-east Atlantic Ocean (the others being "Homarus gammarus" and "Nephrops norvegicus"), and the only one which is not the subject of commercial fishery.
Taxonomy.
"Nephropsis atlantica" was first described by the Reverend Canon Alfred Merle Norman in a report sent to Charles Wyville Thomson in 1880, and published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1882. The report was one of several published simultaneously on the various organisms dredged up by the ship "Knight Errant" in the Faroe–Shetland Channel. Norman's report opens "I send a list; it is a very interesting one", and goes on to detail species known from previous expeditions to the North Atlantic and three new species – "Ampelisca compacta" (Amphipoda: Ampeliscidae), "Halirages elegans" (Amphipoda: Calliopiidae) and "Nephropsis atlantica". The type specimens were collected on August 10, 1880 at at a depth of ; they are presumed to have been lost since.

</doc>
<doc id="30973908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973908" title="29528 Kaplinski">
29528 Kaplinski

29528 Kaplinski (1998 AN8) is a main-belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1601.0888116 days (4.38 years). The asteroid was discovered by Lenka Kotková (née Šarounová) at Ondřejov Observatory on January 10, 1998.
It is named after the Estonian writer Jaan Kaplinski.

</doc>
<doc id="30973910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973910" title="Steptoean positive carbon isotope excursion">
Steptoean positive carbon isotope excursion

The Steptoean Positive Carbon Isotope Excursion (SPICE) was a geological event which occurred about 500 million years ago at the end of the Cambrian Period. The SPICE event was a sudden reversal of the anoxia (lack of oxygen) that had steadily spread throughout the oceans during the Cambrian which also affected the atmosphere. After the SPICE event, oxygen levels recovered and levels in the atmosphere may have risen as high as 30%, higher than the 21% of the atmosphere that prevails today. The sudden increase in oxygen led to an explosion of life across the globe. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973917" title="Hauschild's Hall">
Hauschild's Hall

Hauschild’s Hall is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973924" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 2000">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 2000

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 27 March 2000. The election was contested by 522 candidates, although 30 MPs were appointed to represent Iraqi Kurdistan.
"All the candidates were either members of the Ba'ath Party or nominal independents loyal to it." The Ba'ath Party won 165 of the 250 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30973928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973928" title="West Tulang Bawang Regency">
West Tulang Bawang Regency

West Tulang Bawang Regency ("Tulungbawang Barat") is a regency of Lampung, Indonesia. It has an area of 1,201 km² and a population of 250,208 people at the 2010 Census. The capital lies at Panaragan Jaya. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973929" title="Marit Söderström">
Marit Söderström

Marit Söderström (born 25 October 1962 in Vasterås, Sweden) is a Swedish sailor. She won a silver medal in the 470 class at the 1988 Summer Olympics with Birgitta Bengtsson with a final total of 61.0 points.

</doc>
<doc id="30973931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973931" title="Made in China (disambiguation)">
Made in China (disambiguation)

Made in China is the mark affixed to products manufactured in the People's Republic of China. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30973936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973936" title="Alex Cuthbert">
Alex Cuthbert

Alex Cuthbert (born 5 April 1990) is a Welsh rugby union player. Born in Gloucester, he plays on the wing for Cardiff Blues and the Wales national team.
Early life.
Born in Gloucester, Cuthbert went to Newent Community School, and later gained a diploma at Hartpury College and studied at Cardiff Metropolitan University.
International career.
Although he was born and raised in England, Cuthbert qualifies for Wales as his mother was born in Wrexham.
Cuthbert first started playing rugby during his seven years of studying at Newent Community School playing club rugby for Hucclecote RFC and Westbury-on-Severn RFC. He later moved to Hartpury College where he was a member of Hartpury College R.F.C., coached by Allan Lewis in a team that included Jonny May on the opposite wing. He then moved to study at UWIC, where he played for both the college and Cardiff RFC, he was noticed by Wales rugby sevens team coach Paul John. Cuthbert resultantly played for them in the 2009-2010 and the 2010-2011 IRB Sevens World Series, and in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Cuthbert came to wider attention in 2011 with the Blues. As an attacking threat he underlined his credentials during the region's Heineken Cup campaign - scoring a brace as they secured a quarter-final berth with victory over Racing Metro. Wales' senior management was quick to take notice and he made his debut in their December international against Australia. There he replaced George North in the second-half, but it was the slot vacated by the retired Shane Williams that became his for the opening game of the 2012 Six Nations. At well over six feet he represented a change of style from Williams' dancing feet and low centre of gravity, but his domestic form, pace and finishing prowess stacked up for Warren Gatland.
Cuthbert featured in the starting line-up in all five games of Wales' 2012 Six Nations Championship. He scored the opening try for Wales during their 27-13 victory over Scotland, then scored the second try of Wales' convincing 24-3 win over Italy in the penultimate round of the tournament. He was awarded man of the match for this performance. Cuthbert scored the only try in the final game of Wales' Six Nations campaign of 2012, against France, helping them to win the Grand Slam for the third time in eight seasons.
In the Autumn internationals of 2012 against Argentina, Samoa, New Zealand and Australia, Cuthbert was selected to play in each game. During the game against New Zealand, he scored the second Welsh try.
After his two tries scored for Wales against England in the title decider of the 2013 Six Nations Championship, he was selected for the 2013 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30973965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973965" title="Iraqi parliamentary election, 1958">
Iraqi parliamentary election, 1958

Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq on 5 May 1958. Most political parties had been dissolved in 1954, but candidates supportive of the government won 140 of the 145 seats, whilst independent candidates won the remaining five.
On 14 July the government was overthrown in a military coup.

</doc>
<doc id="30973980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973980" title="Oak Lane Historic District">
Oak Lane Historic District

The Oak Lane Historic District is located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. The historic district is a residential area that stretches along Oak Lane between High Street on the north and Locust Street on the south. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973981" title="Way Kanan Regency">
Way Kanan Regency

Way Kanan Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 3921.63 km² and a population of 386,567 people. The capital lies at Blambangan Umpu. The regency is divided into 14 districts ("kecamatan)". It contains the Way Kambas National Park and Satwa Elephant Eco Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="30973983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973983" title="Birgitta Bengtsson">
Birgitta Bengtsson

Birgitta Bengtsson (born 16 May 1965) is a Swedish sailor. She won a silver medal in the 470 class at the 1988 Summer Olympics with Marit Söderström.

</doc>
<doc id="30973987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973987" title="Volodarsky District, Russia">
Volodarsky District, Russia

Volodarsky District is the name of several administrative and municipal districts in Russia. The districts are generally named for V. Volodarsky, a Russian revolutionary and politician.

</doc>
<doc id="30973992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973992" title="Butler Bulldogs women's basketball">
Butler Bulldogs women's basketball

The Butler Bulldogs women's basketball team represents Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Big East after moving from the Atlantic 10 following the 2012–2013 season. The Bulldogs had competed in the Horizon since joining Division I competition in the 1986-1987 season. The women’s basketball team began competing in the IAIAW in 1975-1976 under coach Xandra Hamilton and had their first winning season two years later, obtaining a 9-5 record under coach Linda Mason. The Bulldogs are currently coached by Kurt Godlevske.
History.
The women's basketball program at Butler University began in the 1975-76 season, competing in the Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (AIAW). The Bulldogs' first winning season came two years later, earning a 9-5 record under the direction of coach Linda Mason. The Bulldogs played in the AIAW National Tournament for the first time in 1982, falling in the second round to William Penn, 77-94. The next season, 1982–83, the Bulldogs began competition at the NCAA Division II level, where they competed for four seasons until they joined the Horizon League and Division I competition for the 1986-87 season.
The Bulldogs qualified for Division I post-season play for the first time in 1993, competing in the WNIT under coach Paulette Stein, who revitalized the program following five losing records in six seasons in the late 1980s. Butler competed in the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament for the first time in 1996 under coach June Olkowski, Butler's only coach to never record a losing season. Their last post-season appearance in the 1990s was in the WNIT in 1998.
The Bulldogs began a new era during the 2002-03 season, in which Beth Couture was hired as the Bulldogs' seventh head coach, a position she still holds. Couture is Butler's longest-serving head women's basketball coach. From her first season at Butler through the 2012–2013 season, she compiled a 178–158 record including four total and three consecutive WNIT appearances, and four consecutive 20-win seasons. Under Couture, Butler recorded a 23–10 mark in 2010, the most wins in team history, and recorded its first WNIT win in 2009 with a 59–58 victory over Duquesne on a layup with 2.2 seconds remaining in the game.
The 2013-14 season will see the Bulldogs' third conference in as many years as Coach Couture guides the team in transitioning to the Big East from its only season in the Atlantic Ten. During that season, the Bulldogs posted an 8-6 conference record (17-14 overall), giving the team winning records in two conferences during Couture's tenure.
NCAA Tournament Results.
The Bulldogs have appeared in one NCAA Tournament. Their record is 0–1. 
NIT Results.
The Bulldogs have appeared in five Women's National Invitation Tournaments. Their combined record is 3–6. 
Awards.
Horizon League Women's Basketball Coach of the Year
Horizon League Women's Basketball Player of the Year
First Team All-League
Second Team All-League
Horizon League Women's Basketball Newcomer of the Year
Horizon League All-Newcomer Team
Horizon League Tournament MVP
Horizon League All-Tournament Team
Horizon League Defensive Player of the Year
Horizon League All-Defensive Team
"First awarded in 1995-96"
2013–14 Roster.
Source: 2013-14 Butler Women's Basketball Roster

</doc>
<doc id="30974023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974023" title="Bryan Rabello">
Bryan Rabello

Bryan Martín Rabello Mella (born 16 May 1994) is a Chilean footballer who plays for Sevilla FC, as an attacking midfielder.
Club career.
Colo-Colo.
Rabello made his competitive first team debut for Colo-Colo against Lota Schwager on 7 October 2009, aged 15, as a 36th minute substitute for Charles Aranguiz in a Copa Chile 2009 1–0 away victory. In the next season, Rabello made his home debut once in a Copa Chile game and now against Curicó Unido, where he again came on as a substitute in a 4–2 victory. On 22 August 2010, the coach of the club Diego Cagna announced that the player would make his first start in a league game against Unión Española in which he did. His Copa Sudamericana debut came on 25 August against Universitario de Sucre as a substitute in a 3–1 home victory at Estadio Monumental.
Because of the injury of the Colombian playmaker Macnelly Torres, the coach Cagna decided to start Rabello during the last games. His good skills, impressive performances and successful dribbles made that many clubs of Europe are interested on him. On 5 December 2010, in the last game of the 2010 Chilean Primera División, Rabello scored his first goal for the Cacique in the 50th minute in a 4–2 home victory.
Sevilla.
Rabello signed a contract with Sevilla in Spain confirmed by Míchel González where he will start playing on reserve team Sevilla Atlético. He scored in his first-team debut in a pre-season match against U.D. Roteña.
Rabello made his official debut with the first-team on 3 December 2012 against Real Valladolid in La Liga, as a first-half substitute, replacing Cicinho at the 27th minute.
International career.
Rabello has been capped at under-17, under-20 and senior levels of the Chilean national football team. He participated with the under-17 squad in a tournament organized by Universidad Católica, in 2011. With the under-20 squad, he played an instrumental part in the 2013 South American Youth Championship, playing 8 matches, and scoring a goal from a free kick against Perú, in a 1–1 draw, being the goal which decided Chile's qualification to the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup, to be played in Istanbul. He has played two matches for the senior squad both in friendlies. His debut came as a substitute in a friendly against Perú on 21 April 2012. His second match came after his performances in the 2013 South American Youth Championship, starting the friendly against Egypt in 8 February 2013, being substituted in half-time.

</doc>
<doc id="30974026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974026" title="Copper in energy-efficient motors">
Copper in energy-efficient motors

Motors and motor-driven systems account for 43%-46% of all global electricity consumption and 69% of all electricity used by industry. Inefficient electric motors waste electrical energy and therefore cost more to operate. Since most electricity is generated from fossil-fueled power plants, motors and motor-driven systems are also indirect contributors to greenhouse gas emissions produced by these plants. Hence, there are compelling economic and environmental reasons to increase the use of energy efficient motors. 
As the second highest rated electrical conductor after silver, the use of copper conductors can help improve the electrical energy efficiencies of motors. There are electrical energy efficiency advantages of using copper in the stator and rotor of motors. AC induction motors using copper conductors are frequently specified to power industrial machinery. A new development in motors is a copper die-cast rotor technology that was developed specifically for premium efficiency motors. 
Electric motors transform electrical energy into mechanical energy.
An electric motor is an electromechanical device that uses magnetic attraction and repulsion to produce controlled rotational motion. In an electric motor, electrical energy delivered by a power source is converted into mechanical energy. This is accomplished when one set of electromagnets mounted on a fixed assembly (or stator) attract the opposite polarity of electromagnets on a rotating assembly (or rotor). The magnetic field produced by the stator rotates in space by the application of an electric current, thereby causing the rotor to rotate with it. In turn, the rotor drives mechanical loads coupled with it.
By transforming electrical energy into mechanical energy, electric motors are able to power a wide range of machinery and consumer products.
Electrical motor efficiency.
Electric motors do not transfer 100% of the input electrical energy into kinetic mechanical energy. A certain percentage of electrical energy is “lost” during the conversion to mechanical energy. These losses, which are manifested as electrical power losses (waste heat due to the electrical resistance of the windings, conductor bars and end rings), magnetic core losses, stray load losses, mechanical losses, and brush contact losses, reduce what is known as the “energy efficiency” of motors. The electrical power losses account for more than half of a motor’s total losses.
This is a problem for several reasons. First, inefficient electric motors waste electrical energy, thereby increasing electrical demand and associated electricity costs required to power motors. Second, when electricity is generated by oil- or coal-fed power plants, the burning of fossil fuels produces carbon footprints from the usage of natural resources and the emissions of greenhouse gases. Electrical energy losses from inefficient motors, therefore, waste precious natural resources, cause increased emissions of greenhouse gases, and increase operating costs (i.e., increases utility bills). Third, waste heat from inefficient motors increases maintenance and decreases the life of the motor.
For these reasons, there are compelling economic and environmental needs to evaluate the benefits of energy efficient and premium efficiency electric motors versus their standard counterparts.
Increasing the electrical energy efficiencies of motors.
Until the energy crises in the 1970s, most general-purpose motors were designed to provide rated output and operating characteristics at reasonable cost. Efficient operation was at best a secondary consideration. As energy prices began to rise, manufacturers began to develop improved motors known as "high-efficiency" and "energy-efficient". 
A well-designed motor can convert over 91% of its input energy into useful power for decades. When the efficiency of a motor is raised by even a few percentage points, the savings, in kilowatt hours (and therefore in cost), are enormous. For example, it has been estimated that if all countries adopted best Minimum Energy Performance Standards (MEPS) for industrial electric motors, by 2030 approximately 322 terawatt-hours of annual electricity demand would be saved. As an additional environmental benefit, this savings in electric demand corresponds to a saving of 206 million tons of CO2 emissions.
The electrical energy efficiency of a typical industrial induction motor can be improved by: 1) reducing the electrical losses in the stator windings (e.g., by increasing the cross-sectional area of the conductor, improving the winding technique, and using materials with higher electrical conductivities), 2) reducing the electrical losses in the rotor coil or casting (e.g., by using materials with higher electrical conductivities), 3) reducing magnetic losses by using better quality magnetic steel, 4) improving the aerodynamics of motors to reduce mechanical windage losses, 5) improving bearings to reduce friction losses, and 6) minimizing manufacturing tolerances.
In addition to energy savings, other benefits of high efficiency motors over standard motors include: 1) cooler operating temperatures due to lower heat generation, resulting in lower maintenance and a longer life, 2) improved tolerance to voltage variations and harmonics, 3) extended manufacturers’ warranties, and 4) rebates and tax incentives in some regions from utilities and municipalities.
Tools to evaluate motor efficiencies and lifetime costs.
As part of its initiative to enhance the efficiency of motors, the United States Department of Energy created a free online computer software tool to help motor purchasing agents make informed buying decisions over the entire lifecycle of motors under consideration. The software, called MotorMaster+, contains data on 25,000 different motors. The software helps buyers select a motor based on list price, motor efficiency, payback analysis, and return on investment. It also enables an organization to examine its motor population or any individual motor as part of an overall repair and replacement plan.
By selecting any two motors and inputting unit energy costs and usage profiles, the software calculates life cycle cost analysis and greenhouse gas emissions reductions from using premium motors versus standard motors. Older operating motors with low efficiencies can also be evaluated for replacement. These motors cannot be rewound to exceed their original electrical efficiency design standards.
Another free tool, called MotorSlide Calculator™, can help calculate approximate annual savings in choosing a National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) premium electric motor (or any level of efficiency) versus a lower efficiency model.
AC electric induction motors.
Motors have evolved into a variety of types according to user requirements, design, and production costs. Examples include: AC motors, including AC induction motors; DC motors; and universal motors. Of these major categories of motors, there are many types (see Categorization of electric motors for a good introduction about various types of motors.)
This section will address copper in energy-efficient alternating current (AC) induction motors because these types of motors are widely used in industrial drives.
The main parts of an AC induction motor are the fixed housing body (stator), a rotating assembly (rotor), and electromagnets consisting of coils of copper or aluminium wire around a core of magnetic steel.
Copper and aluminium can both be used in the stator coils, although copper coils are the standard as they are more flexible and they enhance motor electrical efficiencies due to their higher electrical conductivity. In standard induction motors, instead of being wound in coils, the rotor conductors are die-cast in the shape of a squirrel cage within a core of magnetic steel. Aluminium die-cast rotors are the standard material but copper die-casting of rotors is an improved new technology that is increasingly used to enhance motor energy efficiency. Induction motors can be designed with wound-rotor motors instead of a squirrel-cage. In a wound-rotor motor, the rotor winding is made of many turns of insulated wire.
Other advantages to using copper rather than aluminium in AC motors include:
Electrical conductivity in motor coils.
An electric current running through a simple straight wire creates a magnetic field defined by Ampere's Law, but the field is relatively weak. Current running through insulated copper or aluminium wire wound into a helix creates much stronger magnetic fields that causes a motor to turn.
To increase the strength of the magnetic field further, the coil can be wound from a longer length of wire and/or from a thicker diameter wire. Winding the coil around a cylinder of soft iron or other ferromagnetic material can magnify the magnetic field by a factor of about 300 in common materials.
While the cylinder, commonly referred to as a “core,” magnifies the magnetic field, it is the coil that creates the field. The more wire in the coil (or coils), the stronger the magnetic field. The higher the electrical conductivity of the coil material, the stronger the magnetic field. The stronger the magnetic field, the more powerful the motor.
Electrical conductivity is a key operating parameter in determining which type of material to use in a motor’s coil. Wires made from better electrical conductors result in a more efficient transfer of electrical energy into mechanical energy. Poorer conductors generate more heat when transferring electrical energy into mechanical energy. In essence, more energy is wasted as the electrical resistance of the coil increases.
Silver has the highest electrical conductivity of all metals (6.30×10"7" siemens/meter at 20°C). However, silver is an expensive precious metal and is therefore not considered as a coil conductor material for motors.
Copper has the second highest electrical conductivity of all metals (5.96 × 10"7" siemens/meter at 20°C) and is much more affordable. Copper is commonly used in motors, including the highest quality motors because of its high electrical conductivity. Copper is an excellent metal to use for a motor's coils because: 1) it has less electrical resistance than almost any other non-precious metal; 2) it is easily made into wires; 3) it is not too expensive; 4) it can perform and survive at high temperatures; and 5) it can easily be recycled when the motor needs to be replaced.
Gold is the third highest electrically conducting material (4.52 × 10"7" siemens/meter at 20°C). Gold is an extremely expensive precious metal so it is not considered as a conductor material in motors.
Aluminium is the fourth highest electrically conducting material (3.5 × 10"7" siemens/meter at 20°C). Aluminum is often used as a conductor in motors due to its lower cost.
Copper’s greater conductivity versus other non-precious materials enhances the electrical energy efficiency of motors. To reduce load losses in continuous-use induction-type motors above 1 horsepower, manufacturers invariably use copper as the conducting material in windings. Aluminium is an alternate material in smaller horsepower motors, especially when the motors are not used continuously.
In general, older, standard-efficiency motors have higher losses than premium motors that meet more current energy standards.   One of the design elements of premium motors is the reduction of heat losses due to the electrical resistance of the conductors. To improve the electrical energy efficiencies of induction-type motors, one design consideration is to reduce load loss by increasing the cross section of the copper coils. Increasing the mass of copper in a coil increases the electrical energy efficiency of the motor.
A high efficiency motor has more copper in the stator winding than its standard counterpart. For example, a 10 horsepower premium efficiency motor uses up to 75% more copper than a similar-sized motor with a standard efficiency. 
For these reasons, early developments in motor efficiency focused on reducing electrical losses by increasing the packing weight of stator windings. This made sense since electrical losses typically account for more than half of all energy losses, and stator losses account for around two‐thirds of electrical losses.
Copper die-cast rotors.
The rotor is the rotating part of the motor. Rotor losses, an important form of power losses in induction motors, are largely but not entirely proportional to the square of the slip (slip is the difference between the rotational speed of the magnetic field and the actual rpm of the rotor at a given load). Thus, rotor losses are reduced by decreasing the degree of slip for a given load. This is accomplished by increasing the mass of the rotor conductors (conductor bars and end-plates) and/or increasing their conductivity, and to a lesser extent by increasing the total magnetic field across the air gap between rotor and stator.
The electrical efficiency of motors can be improved by replacing the standard aluminium electrical conductor in the motor rotor with copper, which has a much higher electrical conductivity. Until recently, die-cast motor rotors were produced only from aluminium while researchers worked on solving technological issues with copper pressure die-casting. Today, copper pressure die-casting is a proven technology where energy savings are prime design objectives.
The use of copper for conductor bars and end rings of induction motor rotors results in improvements in motor energy efficiency due to a significant reduction in electrical power (I"2"R) losses. Motor modeling by a number of manufacturers has demonstrated that motors with copper rotors yield overall rotor loss reductions from 15 to 20% compared to aluminium.
The advantages of motors with copper motor rotors on an equivalent basis with other conductors include the following:
Currently, market penetration of copper rotor motors is mainly in low-voltage industrial motors ranging from . There is a potential market for copper rotor motors in small fractional horsepower applications, but this has not yet come to fruition.
In the U.S., a growing number of commercially available, general-purpose induction motors with die-cast copper rotors exceed National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) premium efficiency standards and display at least 10% lower total electrical losses than an average NEMA Premium® motor of the same size, as defined by US Department of Energy’s MotorMaster+ software tool (see: Tools to evaluate motor efficiencies and lifetime costs).
For example, ultra-efficient motors up to exceed NEMA Premium® standards. This was achieved by combining low resistive (I²R) losses of high-conductivity copper squirrel cages with optimized stator designs. 
Two series of high-efficiency motors with copper rotors are offered by a German manufacturer whereas a French manufacturer produces die-cast copper rotors for a wide variety of applications and manufacturers.
Also, the U.S. Army now employs AC induction motors with die-cast copper rotors on a hybrid drive system on each axle of its severe-duty trucks. This has resulted in fuel economy increases of up to 40%.
Several motor models with cast aluminium rotors also exceed NEMA Premium® efficiencies. These models require more material in the stator than the copper rotors. Also, copper rotors enable designs with higher efficiency levels than NEMA Premium® (i.e., the so-called "NEMA Super-premium" and beyond).
To optimize the electrical conductivity of copper die-cast rotors, it is necessary to use copper alloys with very low levels of impurities. Even low levels of most impurity elements will significantly increase the electrical resistivity of copper. Alloys C10100 (99.99% Cu, 0.0003 P, 0.0010 Te) and C11000 (99.90% Cu, 0.04% O) are recommended for die-casting copper rotors. Both these alloys have electrical conductivities of 101% International Annealed Copper Standard (IACS).
Energy-efficient legislation impacting motors.
Manufacturers, in coordination with various manufacturing associations and in conjunction with voluntary government initiatives, have developed a wide range of motors with increased electrical efficiencies. At the same time, governmental and inter-governmental agencies seeking to achieve energy savings and reduce carbon footprints from more efficient industrial motor systems have issued increasingly stringent standards and regulations requiring users to buy high- and premium-efficiency motors (over various time horizons) instead of standard efficiency alternatives for many applications.
Initiatives exist for nations to move towards Minimum Energy Performance Standards (MEPS) for motors. In 2002, five nations adopted MEPSs. By 2011, thirty nine nations (the EU-27, as well as the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Mexico, Costa Rica, China, Korea, Taiwan, Australia, New Zealand, Israel, and Switzerland) will have adopted some form of mandatory MEPS for three-phase electric motors. Motors in these countries account for 70% of global electricity use in motor systems. If the mandatory MEPSs in these 39 countries were raised to best-practice levels, savings could approach 206 million tonnes of CO2 emissions annually by 2030.
A summary of the worldwide standards of energy efficient motor programs is available. Highlights of motor laws in the U.S. and E.U. are presented below.
Motor laws in the U.S..
In the U.S., the combination of Minimum Energy Performance Standards (MEPS) by Energy Policy Act of 1992 (known as EPAct 92) and voluntary labeling by NEMA has proved successful. 
EPAct 92 was the first major energy law to require minimum, nominal, full-load motor efficiency ratings for most industrial motors. It set minimum efficiency levels for electric motors.
The motors, which came to be known as “EPAct motors”, are still commercially available. Their nominal efficiencies are between one and four percentage points higher than those of the so-called “standard-efficiency motors” that had dominated the market for decades.
The Consortium for Energy Efficiency (CEE) and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) agreed on a joint specification defining a "premium" efficiency motor. Motors meeting minimum specifications are eligible to carry the NEMA Premium® designations. Publications are available that compare NEMA Premium efficiencies versus EPAct minimums.
In 2005, the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (EPAct 2005) established NEMA Premium® efficiency ratings as the basis for motor purchases by the federal government. NEMA Premium® motor efficiency ratings are up to several percentage points higher than those of their EPAct predecessors. This law broadened the size range to include motors from 1 to 500 hp.
Based on U.S. Department of Energy data, it is estimated that the NEMA premium-efficiency motor program would save 5.8 terawatt hours of electricity and prevent the release of nearly 80 million metric tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere over the next ten years. This is equivalent to keeping 16 million cars off the road.
The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-140, usually called “EISA 2007 Act”), the most recent law regulating motors, took effect in 19 December 2010 and affects all new motors purchased after that date. Title III, Section 313 of the Act increases the mandated efficiency of electric motors in commercial and industrial applications and expands the range of motors to be regulated. Included in EISA is major provision for improving the minimum required energy efficiency in all integral horsepower motors.
EISA covers:
Rebates may be available for premium efficient motors, depending on the project and its location (search the database here for applicable rebates).  A summary of the new EISA standards for motors can be found at:  NEMA Premium Efficiency Levels Adopted as Federal Motor Efficiency Performance Standards.  Further details about NEMA premium motors is available at:  NEMA Premium Motors
Motor laws in the E.U..
Up to 2010, the E.U. had established voluntary programs, resulting in a significantly lower percentage of high efficiency motors on the market than in the U.S. A brief history of motor laws in the E.U. follows.
In 1998, the European Committee of Manufacturers of Electrical Machines and Power Electronics (CEMEP) issued a voluntary agreement of motor manufacturers on efficiency classification, with three efficiency classes: Eff 3 for Standard Efficiency, Eff 2 for Improved Efficiency, Eff 1 for High Efficiency. Two years later, the modern era of efficient motors in the E.U. began as the voluntary agreement between European Motor Manufacturer Association and the European Commission took effect.
In June, 2005, the European Parliament adopted a Commission proposal for a Directive on establishing a framework for setting eco-design requirements (such as energy efficiency requirements) for all energy consuming products in the residential, tertiary and industrial sectors.
The current, mandatory, efficiency level across a wide power rating range required of motors sold in Europe is embodied in the EU Minimum Energy Performance Standard (MEPS) scheme, introduced in July 2009.  The EU MEPS not only raises the efficiency standard of motors sold in Europe, it also links Europe’s requirements to international standards. EU MEPS covers 2-, 4- and 6-pole single speed, three-phase induction motors in the power range 0.75 to 375 kW, rated up to 1000 V and on the basis of continuous duty operation.
High efficiency motors (Eff1) represent only 12% of the market in the EU today.
International standards for electric motor efficiency labeling.
A new international standard for electric motor efficiency labeling was introduced in 2008 (and revised in 2011) by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). This standard, IEC 60034-30, defines energy efficiency classes for single-speed, three-phase, and 50 Hz and 60 Hz induction motors. The standard is designed to unify motor testing standards, efficiency requirements, and product labeling requirements so that motor purchasers worldwide have the ability to easily recognize premium efficiency products. On 22 July 2009, Commission Regulation (EC) No 640/2009 implementing Directive 2005/32/EC stated that in the E.U., with a few exceptions for special purposes, drive motors shall not be less efficient than the IE3 efficiency level (premium efficiency) as of 1 January 2015.
Rotor losses in IE3 systems are considerably reduced by using copper instead of aluminium as the conductor material for the squirrel cage. The slip under load, which is proportional to the rotor losses, is significantly decreased compared with aluminium motors. Unlike aluminium motors, IE3 motors with a copper rotor do not require an increased amount of iron or need merely a moderate increase. Other measures can also be taken to save energy in IE3 motors.
There is a 3‐4% energy efficiency difference between IE1 and IE3 standard motors, but the differences, and the absolute level of efficiency, depend on the output of the motor relative to its rating.
IE3 is a new classification, but one that has been recognized by NEMA in the U.S. It generally applies to large, industrial motors. In Europe, this grade of motor will only become mandatory in some applications in 2017. In the U.S., the required introduction date was 19 December 2010 for larger motors; smaller motors will become mandated in 2017.
The U.S. and a few other countries have already introduced legislation requiring IE2 standard motors in certain applications. Many others have plans to introduce such rules. In Europe, IE2 became the obligatory standard on 16 June 2011. For some motors, this is also true of China in 2011, although for other motors a minimum IE1 standard will be introduced in that year replacing earlier, less rigorous, requirements. 
A time table of minimum performance standards for the various motor efficiency levels in various countries is presented below:
Once a consensus regarding the classification of the efficiency of motor driven systems is achieved, manufacturers and users can then move to create a labeling scheme. With time, legislation on standards may follow. For the present, though, legislation‐based installation of higher efficiency motors will be limited to stand alone motors.
Other sources on energy efficient copper induction motors.
Peters, D.T., E.F. Brush, and J.L. Kirtley (2007). Die-cast copper rotors as a strategy for improving induction motor efficiency, Electrical Insulation Conference and Elecctrical Manufacturing Expo.
Cowie, J.G. and D.T. Brender (2003). Die cast copper rotors for improved motor performance; Pulp & Paper Industry Technical Conference.
Peters, D.T., J.G. Cowie, E.F. Brush, et al. (2005). Performance of motors with die-cast copper rotors in industrial and agricultural pumping applications; IEEE Conference on Electrical Machines and Drives.
Peters, D.T., J.G. Cowie, E.F. Brush, O.J. Van Son (2003). Copper in the squirrel cage for improved motor performance, IEEE Electric Machines and Drives Conference.
Boglietti, A. and A. Cavagnino, L. Ferraris, and M. Lazzari (2007). Energetic considerations about the use of cast copper squirrel cage induction motors, Industrial Electronics Society, IECON 2007; 33rd Annual Conference of IEEE.
Kirtley, J.L., and J.G. Cowie, E.F. Brush, Peters, Kimmich (2007). Improving induction motor efficiency with die-cast copper rotor cages, Power Engineering Society General Meeting, IEEE.

</doc>
<doc id="30974080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974080" title="Blondeliini">
Blondeliini

Blondeliini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="30974090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974090" title="Teen Driver Challenge">
Teen Driver Challenge

The Teen Driver Challenge (TDC) sponsored by the Florida Sheriffs Association (FSA) is a 12-hour course presented to students over a two-day period, ideally with a 5-to-1 student-to-instructor ratio. The course will provide students with the knowledge and hands-on experience to reduce their chances of being involved in a crash. Attendance and participation in this training will provide students with life saving skills, techniques and education about the operation of a motor vehicle. The hours spent participating in the Teen Driver Challenge can be used toward fulfilling the requirements set forth in Florida's Graduated Driver's License program.
History.
The FSA Teen Driver Challenge was developed at the request of Florida Sheriffs to combat the high crash and fatality rate of Teen Drivers on Florida highways. After a pilot program was successfully conducted in 2006 by the Leon County Sheriff's Office at the request of the FSA, the FSA Board of Directors adopted the concept in 2007. FSA then organized a team of Law Enforcement driving experts who were certified as Instructors by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement in emergency vehicle operation. Today there are 35 counties with an active TDC program:
With more to come soon.
Course Overview.
The program is designed for students ages 15 to 19 who have a valid license or learners permit. The course is held over two days and consists of two parts, an educational classroom and hands on driving instruction. The course if offered to students at no cost through their local Sherriff’s office. The objectives of the course are to 
Course Description.
The four-hour classroom portion will cover a workbook that deals with crash-related issues, such as vehicle dynamics, braking, steering and traffic laws. Other chapters include issues like aggressive driving, distracted driving (texting, cell phone use, etc.), DUI and seatbelt issues.
Students will participate in eight hours of behind the well driving instruction, which counts toward the 50 hours of required driving in Florida's Graduated Driver's License Program. The hands-on driving instruction, usually held at a Law Enforcement driving range, will put the students behind the wheel of their own vehicle and go through as assortment of exercises including:
At the completion of the program students will be presented a Certificate of Completion that may presented to your auto insurance company for a possible premium reduction.
Instructors.
The FSA TDC is licensed statewide by the Florida Department HSMV as a Commercial Driving School, license #3975. Each Law Enforcement Instructor who teaches the program is also licensed, under the FSA License, as a school Instructor. Each new Instructor goes through a rigorous "Train the Trainer" class with an original team member, or sits through an actual program under an established program's Instructor. The original team members are responsible for TDC Instructor training in various areas throughout the state.
Funding.
The FSA TDC was initially funded by the FSA followed by a grant from the Florida Department of Transportation Traffic Safety Office, which is reduced by 25% each year of renewal. Funding has been used to buy three vehicles, including two skid pad vehicles and a SUV used by the Program Coordinator to support the Sheriffs' Office programs and to help promote the program at public gatherings.

</doc>
<doc id="30974091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974091" title="Alf Tabb">
Alf Tabb

Alf Tabb (March 1883, London − 1976, Kidderminster, Worcestershire) was a bicycle shop owner and trick cyclist from Kidderminster, Worcestershire. He is most known for building and riding miniature bicycles.
Biography.
Tabb was born in London in March 1883, where his father owned a cycle manufacturing company. His first was as newspaper cyclist in London at the age of 13. In 1921 he married and moved to Kidderminster, where he set up a cycle workshop business in the Stourbridge Road area of town. He ran the shop for 17 years. He retired when he was 75 years old 
Trick cyclist.
In 1938 Tabb built a 15 inch bicycle as his father used to do, to hang outside his shop as an advertising gimmick. Curious as to whether he could ride the bike he tried and found with a little practice he could ride the cycle. He was then encouraged to perform his act at the local gliderdrome. This spurred Tabb to make further miniature cycles including an 18 inch tandem and a miniature penny farthing which had a 12 inch front wheel. Tabb, his daughter Peggy and grand daughter Pauline then performed acts of trick cycling to television audiences in the UK and America on TV. He also set a world record for an unchallenged riding a 12 inch miniature cycle. For over 40 years nobody could beat Tabb by riding the 12 inch cycle more than five yards. He was interviewed by a young Chris Tarrant on ATV in 1972 aged 89. His last official performance was at a mayor's ball in 1974 where at the age of 91 he was still able to ride his 12 inch miniature bike. Tabb died in 1976 aged 96.
Since his death a road in Kidderminster, Tabb's Gardens, has been named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="30974100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974100" title="The Rift (Star Trek)">
The Rift (Star Trek)

The Rift is a best selling novel written by Peter David. It was published in 1991.
Story.
Official summary:
The story begins with Commander Pike, seen in the original pilot episode for Star Trek. It then features Captain Kirk and his crew from the future.
Mr. Spock learns his favorite word, "fascinating" from the female first officer known only as Number One, deciding it wasn't too emotional and would be a good word to remember for the future.
History of the book.
He submitted three novel outlines to Paramount, written in three different styles. The two he thought were good were rejected, and the one he said was "simply a conglomeration of old cliches from previous Star Trek episodes" was the only one they liked, and approved. He has said that it was designed to make the other two look good, and wasn't designed to be the one they picked. 

</doc>
<doc id="30974109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974109" title="Magdalena Sibylla of Hesse-Darmstadt">
Magdalena Sibylla of Hesse-Darmstadt

Landgravine Magdalena Sibylla of Hesse-Darmstadt (28 April 1652 – 11 August 1712) was regent of the Duchy of Württemberg from 1677 to 1693, and was a prominent German composer of baroque hymns.
Life.
Magdalena Sibylla, Duchess of Württemberg was born in Darmstadt, the daughter of Louis VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt and Duchess Maria Elisabeth of Holstein-Gottorp. She was born in Darmstadt. As a child she lost her mother and came into the care of her aunt, the Queen Dowager Hedwig Eleonora of Sweden. In Stockholm, she manifested deep religious beliefs. On the occasion of a visit to the Württemberg crown prince William Louis she became engaged to him. They married on 6 November 1673 in Darmstadt, and had the following children:
Just six months after the ceremony Duke Eberhard III died and her husband Wilhelm Ludwig inherited the throne of Württemberg. In 1677 he, too, died of a heart attack. Thus, the 25-year-old Magdalena Sibylla became reigning Duchess of Württemberg and regent for her minor son Eberhard Ludwig, who would take the throne in 1693, at the of 16.
Through piety and prudence in all decisions, she enjoyed great popularity. Her religion is reflected in the numerous hymns she wrote, quite a few of which found a permanent place in Protestant hymnals. From 1690 to 1692, she employed the composer Johann Pachelbel. After the accession of the heir apparent, she retreated to Kirchheim castle, where she died.

</doc>
<doc id="30974115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974115" title="Airport racial profiling in the United States">
Airport racial profiling in the United States

Airport racial profiling in the United States, as the term has been referred to in recent public debates, refers to government activity directed at a suspect or group of suspects because of their race or ethnicity. Under Fourth Amendment analysis, objective factors measure whether law enforcement action is constitutional, and under the Fourteenth Amendment challenges to the practice are assessed under the customary strict scrutiny test for racial classifications.
Since September 11, 2001, there have been reports on increases in racial profiling at airports, particularly targeting people who appear to be Muslim or of Middle Eastern descent. It has been a routine practice by law enforcement officials to stop individuals who are profiled because of their race and religious and ethnic appearance or who may appear to be “suspicious."
Background.
In the weeks following September 11, 2001, federal, state and local law enforcement officials investigated those responsible for the September 11 attacks during which nearly 3,000 people died. They assessed the United States's vulnerability to future acts of terrorism. Investigations showed the suspects of the crime to be of Middle Eastern origin.
In the wake of the September 11 attacks, US officials responded to the fears of air travelers by reinforcing security. Despite more thorough investigation of baggage and increased security staffing, there were so many vast open spaces, exits and entrances at airport hubs that prevention of incidents was problematic.
Los Angeles International Airport was recently found to be the most vulnerable to infiltration in the US when it comes to smuggling weapons. Knives, guns, and explosives carried by federal undercover inspectors were missed by LA International airport screeners at checkpoints 41% of the time in an airport security test. The test, which checked security at America's 32 biggest airports, was carried out in June by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), which assumed responsibility for airport security.
In Miami Airport the majority of travelers stopped without reason are South American, chiefly citizens with dark skin.
Criticism.
A 2009 study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences asserted that, due to terrorists being vastly outnumbered by innocents, racial profiling is no more effective than random profiling. It has also been claimed that any form of profiling is less secure than random profiling, because a terrorist cell can simply have a number of members go through airport security, until one is reliably not profiled, then use that individual to perform an attack. None of the 19 successful hijackers in the September 11 attacks was reported or even remembered by checkpoint supervisors.
Some critics ask if a rational reason exists to single out Arabic-looking men at airport.
King Downing, the national coordinator of the American Civil Liberties Union's Campaign Against Airport Racial Profiling, says he was the victim of profiling by police at Logan International Airport in Boston, MA. He was going to the federal court to challenge a screening technique used around the country that looks at suspicious behavior patterns to identify potential terrorists.
Mr. Downing alleges he was stopped and questioned by state police after arriving on a flight to attend a meeting on racial profiling. Downing has sued the Massachusetts Port Authority, which operates the airport, and the Massachusetts State Police, citing they violated his constitutional rights. Downing, who is black and wears a short beard, believes he was targeted because of his race. In his lawsuit, Downing alleges the behavioral screening system used at Logan International Airport encourages racial profiling. His lawsuit also seeks a ruling to declare airport racial profiling as unconstitutional.
In 2002, after the September 11 attack on the US, Logan International Airport began a program called "Behavior Assessment Screening System" which allows police to question passengers whose behavior appears to be "suspicious". Logan was the first airport in the country to use the system. The plausibility of any benefit from "Behavior Assessment" has been questioned.
The Transportation Security Act (TSA) has rolled out a similar system at more than 40 of the nation's largest airports.
Legality.
An article published by The Atlantic states "the mathematical probability that a randomly chosen Arab passenger might attempt a mass murder suicide hijacking is considerably higher than the probability that a randomly chosen white, black, Hispanic, or Asian passenger might do the same. In constitutional law, while racial profiling may be presumably unconstitutional, that presumption is overcome in the case of airline passengers, because the government has a compelling interest in preventing mass-murder-suicide hijackings and because close scrutiny of Arab-looking people is narrowly tailored to protect that interest."
"America faces a "clear and present danger" of hijackers taking control of airlines and either killing passengers of using these aircraft as flying bombs. All nineteen terrorists involved in the September 11 attacks belonged to the "Al-Qaeda terrorist network headed by Osama Bin Laden. These hijackers were exclusively adult males of Middle Eastern ethnicity."
US Support.
The Obama administration's decision to heighten airport security for passengers while traveling to the US from 14 nations triggered a backlash of complaints from Muslim and privacy groups who say President Obama's response to terror threats amounted to little more than racial profiling.
Defenders of the policy say it is a carefully targeted way of zeroing in on those travelers who most likely pose a threat and hurt feelings should not matter after the US averted a midair bombing on an airliner heading to Detroit on Christmas Day.
The TSA is dealing with these opposing arguments and continues to examine and adjust its screening policies in the best way to balance security and privacy.
Asa Hutchinson, former Homeland Security undersecretary, stated "it is important to draw a line between profiling based on race and profiling based on national origin." "If you're talking about profiling based upon geographic origin or where they're flying from, absolutely," he said. "If you're talking about simply because they're part of a particular racial origin, absolutely not..You have to be smart about who you are inspecting."
Frank Cilluffo, former special assistant for Homeland Security under then-President George W. Bush, said "airports need to be 'profiling' based on behavior even though its a 'dirty word.'"
Conclusion.
A recent poll by USA Today showed Americans are in favor of more intensive security check for people who fit a profile of a terrorist based on age, ethnicity and gender.

</doc>
<doc id="30974122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974122" title="Malik Azmani">
Malik Azmani

Malik Azmani (born January 20, 1976 in Heerenveen) is a Dutch politician and former lawyer and civil servant of partly Moroccan descent. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since June 17, 2010. He has also been a member of the municipal council of Ommen since March 11, 2010. He focuses on matters of occupational safety and health, income policy, labour markets, poverty and debt policy, and fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="30974141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974141" title="Voskresensky (inhabited locality)">
Voskresensky (inhabited locality)

Voskresensky (; masculine), Voskresenskaya (; feminine), or Voskresenskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, three rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Bryansk Oblast bears this name:
Chelyabinsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Chelyabinsk Oblast bears this name:
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Ivanovo Oblast bear this name:
Kaliningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaliningrad Oblast bears this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaluga Oblast bears this name:
Khabarovsk Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Khabarovsk Krai bears this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Kurgan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kurgan Oblast bears this name:
Leningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Leningrad Oblast bear this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Lipetsk Oblast bear this name:
Mari El Republic.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Mari El Republic bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, three inhabited localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Oryol Oblast bear this name:
Perm Krai.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Perm Krai bear this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Saratov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Saratov Oblast bears this name:
Stavropol Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Stavropol Krai bears this name:
Republic of Tatarstan.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Tatarstan bears this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, eight rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Vladimir Oblast bear this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Voronezh Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Voronezh Oblast bears this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, eight rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="30974143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974143" title="Eryciini">
Eryciini

Eryciini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae 

</doc>
<doc id="30974155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974155" title="Ted Lillie">
Ted Lillie

Theodore H. "Ted" Lillie (born December 30, 1956) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 56, which included portions of Washington County in the eastern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Republican, he and his cousin are the co-publishers of Lillie Suburban Newspapers.
Lillie was first elected in 2010. He was one of four assistant majority leaders, and was a member of the Jobs and Economic Growth, the State Government Innovation and Veterans, and the Transportation committees. The 2012 legislative redistricting changed Lillie's Senate District from 56 to 53. He lost his bid for reelection in 2012 to DFLer Susan Kent. His brother, Leon, is a Democratic member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. He was named President of the Taxpayers League of Minnesota in September, 2013. 
Lillie graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter. Active in the eastern Twin Cities community through the years, he serves on the board of directors of the Healtheast Foundation, the Oakdale Business and Professional Association, Platinum Bank, and the Co-Action Academic Resources Foundation, an organization providing scholarship opportunities for post-secondary education to residents of North St. Paul, Maplewood, Oakdale, Lake Elmo and Woodbury. He has also served on the board of the Saint Paul Area Chamber of Commerce, the School District 622 Education Foundation, the Thrive Youth Asset Building Initiative, the Boy Scouts Gateway District, and the School to Careers Local Council.

</doc>
<doc id="30974158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974158" title="Warner Apartment Building">
Warner Apartment Building

The Warner Apartment Building was an historic building located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building featured a picturesque façade that was typical of Victorian era architecture. The Tudor Revival structure has subsequently been torn down.

</doc>
<doc id="30974171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974171" title="Henry Moncreiff, 2nd Baron Moncreiff">
Henry Moncreiff, 2nd Baron Moncreiff

Henry James Moncreiff, 2nd Baron Moncreiff (24 April 1840 – 3 March 1909) was a Scottish judge who succeeded to the title Baron Moncreiff.
Moncreiff was born at Edinburgh, the elder son of James Moncreiff, 1st Baron Moncreiff and his wife Isabella Bell, daughter of Robert Bell, Procurator of the Church of Scotland. He was educated at Harrow School and was admitted at Trinity College, Cambridge on 22 March 1858. He was awarded BA in 1862 and LL.B. in 1864 
Moncreiff was admitted as an advocate in 1863 and was Advocate-Depute in 1866, from 1868 to 1874 and in 1881. He was Sheriff of Renfrew and Bute from 1881 to 1888. In 1888 he became Senator to the College of Justice, Scotland, with title of Lord Wellwood. He succeeded to the title Baron Moncreiff on the death of his father on 27 April 1895. In July 1901 he became Lord Lieutenant of Kinross-shire. He was author of "Review in Criminal Cases". He lived at Tulliebole Castle, Kinross.
Moncreiff married firstly on 3 April 1866 Susan Wilhelmine Dick-Cunyngham, daughter of Sir William Hanmer Dick-Cunyngham, 8th Baronet. He married secondly on 26 March 1873, Millicent Julia Fryer, daughter of Colonel Frederick Daniel Fryer, of Moulton Paddocks, Newmarket. He had no children and was succeeded by his brother Robert.

</doc>
<doc id="30974183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974183" title="Exoristini">
Exoristini

Exoristini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="30974186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974186" title="Maya city">
Maya city

Maya cities were the centres of population of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization of Mesoamerica. They served the specialised roles of administration, commerce, manufacturing and religion that characterised ancient cities worldwide. Maya cities tended to be more dispersed than cities in other societies, even within Mesoamerica, as a result of adaptation to a lowland tropical environment that allowed food production amidst areas dedicated to other activities. They lacked the grid plans of the highland cities of central Mexico, such as Teotihuacán and Tenochtitlan. Maya kings ruled their kingdoms from palaces that were situated within the centre of their cities. Cities tended to be located in places that controlled trade routes or that could supply essential products. This allowed the elites that controlled trade to increase their wealth and status. Such cities were able to construct temples for public ceremonies, thus attracting further inhabitants to the city. Those cities that had favourable conditions for food production, combined with access to trade routes were likely to develop into the capital cities of early Maya states.
The political relationship between Classic Maya city-states has been likened to the relationships between city-states in Classical Greece and Renaissance Italy. Some cities were linked to each other by straight limestone causeways, known as "sacbeob", although whether the exact function of these roads was commercial, political or religious has not been determined.
Architectural organisation.
Maya cities were not formally planned like the cities of highland Mexico and were subject to irregular expansion, with the haphazard addition of palaces, temples and other buildings. Most Maya cities tended to grow outwards from the core, and upwards as new structures were superimposed upon preceding architecture. Maya cities usually had a ceremonial and administrative centre surrounded by a vast irregular sprawl of residential complexes. The centres of all Maya cities featured sacred precincts, sometimes separated from nearby residential areas by walls. These precincts contained pyramid temples and other monumental architecture dedicated to elite activities, such as basal platforms that supported administrative or elite residential complexes. Sculpted monuments were raised to record the deeds of the ruling dynasty. City centres also featured plazas, sacred ballcourts and buildings used for marketplaces and schools. Frequently causeways linked the centre to outlying areas of the city. Some of these classes of architecture formed lesser groups in the outlying areas of the city, which served as sacred centres for non-royal lineages. The areas adjacent to these sacred compounds included residential complexes housing wealthy lineages. Art excavated from these elite residential complexes varies in quality according to the rank and prestige of the lineage that it housed. The largest and richest of these elite compounds sometimes possessed sculpture and art of craftsmanship equal to that of royal art.
The ceremonial centre of the Maya city was where the ruling elite lived, and where the administrative functions of the city were performed, together with religious ceremonies. It was also where the inhabitants of the city gathered for public activities. Elite residential complexes occupied the best land around the city centre, while commoners had their residences dispersed further away from the ceremonial centre. Residential units were built on top of stone platforms to raise them above the level of the rain season floodwaters.
Population estimates.
Until the 1960s, scholarly opinion was that the ruins of Maya centres were not true cities but were rather empty ceremonial centres where the priesthood performed religious rituals for the peasant farmers, who lived dispersed in the jungle. Since the 1960s, formal archaeological mapping projects have revealed that the ceremonial centres in fact formed the centres of dispersed cities that possessed populations that at some sites could reach tens of thousands.
History.
Middle Preclassic Period.
During the Middle Preclassic Period (1000-400 BC), small villages began to grow to form cities. By 500 BC these cities possessed large temple structures decorated with stucco masks representing gods. Nakbe in the Petén Department of Guatemala is the earliest well-documented city in the Maya lowlands, where large structures have been dated to around 750 BC. Nakbe already featured the monumental masonry architecture, sculpted monuments and causeways that characterised later cities in the Maya lowlands.
Late Preclassic Period.
In the Late Preclassic Period (400 BC - 250 AD), the enormous city of El Mirador grew to cover approximately . It possessed paved avenues, massive triadic pyramid complexes dated to around 150 BC, and stelae and altars that were erected in its plazas. El Mirador is considered to be one of the first capital cities of the Maya civilization. The swamps of the Mirador Basin appear to have been the primary attraction for the first inhabitants of the area as evidenced by the unusual cluster of large cities around them.
The city of Tikal, later to be one of the most important of the Classic Period Maya cities, was already a significant city by around 350 BC, although it did not match El Mirador. The Late Preclassic cultural florescence collapsed in the 1st century AD and many of the great Maya cities of the epoch were abandoned; the cause of this collapse is as yet unknown.
In the highlands, Kaminaljuyu in the Valley of Guatemala was already a sprawling city by AD 300.
Classic Period.
During the Classic Period (AD 250-900), the Maya civilization achieved its greatest florescence. During the Early Classic (AD 250-600), cities throughout the Maya region were influenced by the great metropolis of Teotihuacan in the distant Valley of Mexico. At its height during the Late Classic, Tikal had expanded to have a population of well over 100,000. Tikal's great rival was Calakmul, another powerful city in the Petén Basin. In the southeast, Copán was the most important city. Palenque and Yaxchilán were the most powerful cities in the Usumacinta region. In the north of the Maya area, Coba was the most important Maya capital. Capital cities of Maya kingdoms could vary considerably in size, apparently related to how many vassal cities were tied to the capital. Overlords of city-states that held sway over a greater number of subordinate lords could command greater quantities of tribute in the form of goods and labour. The most notable forms of tribute pictured on Maya ceramics are cacao, textiles and feathers. During the 9th century AD, the central Maya region suffered major political collapse, marked by the abandonment of cities, the ending of dynasties and a northward shift of population. During this period, known as the Terminal Classic, the northern cities of Chichen Itza and Uxmal show increased activity. Major cities in Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula continued to be inhabited long after the cities of the southern lowlands ceased to raise monuments.
Postclassic Period.
The Postclassic Period (AD 900-c.1524) was marked by a series of changes that distinguished its cities from those of the preceding Classic Period. The once-great city of Kaminaljuyu in the Valley of Guatemala was abandoned after a period of continuous occupation that spanned almost two thousand years. This was symptomatic of changes that were sweeping across the highlands and neighbouring Pacific coast, with long-occupied cities in exposed locations relocated, apparently due to a proliferation of warfare. Cities came to occupy more-easily defended hilltop locations surrounded by deep ravines, with ditch-and-wall defences sometimes supplementing the protection provided by the natural terrain. Chichen Itza, in the north, became what was probably the largest, most powerful and most cosmopolitan of all Maya cities. One of the most important cities in the Guatemalan Highlands at this time was Q'umarkaj, also known as Utatlán, the capital of the aggressive K'iche' Maya kingdom.
Conquest and rediscovery.
The cities of the Postclassic highland Maya kingdoms fell to the invading Spanish conquistadors in the first half of the 16th century. The K'iche' capital, Q'umarkaj, fell to Pedro de Alvarado in 1524. Shortly afterwards, the Spanish were invited as allies into Iximche, the capital city of the Kaqchikel Maya. Good relations did not last and the city was abandoned a few months later. This was followed by the fall of Zaculeu, the Mam Maya capital, in 1525. In 1697, Martín de Ursúa launched an assault upon the Itza capital Nojpetén and the last remaining independent Maya city fell to the Spanish.
By the 19th century, the existence of five former Maya cities was known in the Petén region of Guatemala. Nojpetén had been visited by Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés in 1525, followed by a number of missionaries at the beginning of the 17th century. The city was finally razed when it was conquered in 1697. Juan Galindo, governor of Petén, described the ruins of the Postclassic city of Topoxte in 1834. Modesto Méndez, a later governor of Petén, published a description of the ruins of the once great city of Tikal in 1848. Teoberto Maler described the ruins of the city of Motul de San José in 1895. San Clemente was described by Karl Sapper in the same year. The number of known cities grew enormously during the course of the 20th century, 24 cities in Petén alone had been described by 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="30974194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974194" title="Mary Byrne (singer)">
Mary Byrne (singer)

Mary Byrne (born 3 November 1959) is an Irish singer-songwriter from Ballyfermot, Dublin. She rose to fame in 2010 after becoming a finalist on the seventh series of "The X Factor" in 2010. Following her elimination in the live semi-final, she signed a record deal with Sony Music Ireland. Byrne and her fellow "The X Factor finalists" gained a number-one single on the UK Singles Chart and the Irish Singles Chart after releasing "Heroes" a cover of David Bowie, in aid of "Help for Heroes."
Byrne's debut single "I Just Call You Mine" was released on 4 March 2011. "Mine & Yours", Byrne's debut album was released 28 March 2011 in the UK. The album was produced by hit-maker Nigel Wright. In June 2011, Byrne was asked to perform at a special gala performance in Dublin to mark Queen Elizabeth II's visit to the Republic of Ireland. She was also Neil Diamond's special guest at the Aviva Stadium, where she performed in front of 55,000 people. August 2011 saw Byrne appear in "GREASE: The Musical" at the Grand Canal Theatre in Dublin. She began work on an autobiography, "This Is My Life", and was released on 21 October 2011 in the UK and Ireland. Mary decided to leave Sony Music as she accepted a new record deal offer with Decca Music and Universal Music, who are confident they can 'get her music career up and off the ground'. She has produced her second album, called "...with Love". In 2012, Byrne appeared on "Celebrity Bainisteoir".
Early and personal life.
Byrne lives in Ballyfermot, Dublin with her 23-year-old daughter Debbie, whom she raised alone with help from her parents. She suffers from arthritis in her knees which proved difficult for Mary during the initial stages of the X Factor, but has led to comical improvisations during her tour with Grease. Before "The X Factor", she worked for supermarket chain Tesco, leading to her referral as "Tesco Mary". She quit singing at 28 because of low self-esteem after a failed relationship. After her appearance on "The X Factor" she admitted on RTÉ's "The Late Late Show" that she had suffered from clinical depression for a number of years. However, she later returned to perform pub gigs in 2005 to give her musical career a try where she also performed with her brother, Tommy, under the name "The Tommy Lee Experience". In 2008 she won the Irish television singing contest "Nollaig No. 1" using the name Mary Lee and released the single "Siúil Leat".
Music career.
2010: "The X Factor".
Byrne entered reality television show "The X Factor" in 2010. In her audition, she said that she wanted to be a singer all her life but had very low self-esteem holding her back but 'got the confidence to go out and do it in the last 5 or 6 years'. She impressed the judges with her performance of "I (Who Have Nothing)" and was put through to the next round. At the judges' houses she performed "Fix You", and was put through to the live finals, even though she forgot a few words to the song. Her employer, Tesco Ireland, started a campaign to persuade all staff to support her. On the first live show, Byrne gained the most public votes by singing "It's a Man's Man's Man's World". The audience gave Byrne a standing ovation after the performance and the longest round-of-applause of the series. Mary was in the 'Final Showdown' twice. The first time she was in the Bottom 3 with fellow contestants Wagner, and Katie Waissel. As Waissel received the fewest votes she was automatically eliminated leaving Mary to battle against Wagner in the Final Showdown. The following week she was in the bottom two with Cher Lloyd. This was when Mary was eliminated from the show by the judges. This later became controversial, as the show stated that the contestant with the fewer public votes would be eliminated, but it turned out that Byrne in fact received more votes than Cher. Mary performed a total of 15 different songs, on 13 occasions in front of the judges:
2011: "Mine & Yours".
After the elimination from "The X Factor", Byrne signed a record deal with Sony Music Ireland and began work on her debut album. The album, "Mine & Yours", was released in the UK on 28 March 2011, and 25 March in Ireland. Byrne released her debut single, a cover of Martina McBride's "I Just Call You Mine", due to phenomenal demand when the track was debuted from her album "Mine & Yours" on Irish radio. The fan reaction was so positive that Sony Music Ireland were 'inundated' with requests to make the song available to the public and 'eager fans' prior to the album's release. After little to no promotion, the song peaked at number 12 on the Irish Singles Chart. Byrne revealed her album would be sold on "QVC" like Susan Boyle did to help sell a few more copies. In an interview with Digital Spy Byrne stated;
The album was produced by hit-maker, Nigel Wright and contains tracks which Mary performed on "The X Factor". However, the songs on the album are not her performances from the show. Byrne was on the 2011 The X Factor Live Tour, and Sony Music began planning Byrne's first solo concert tour before she decided to move onto Universal music. "Mine & Yours" debuted at number-one on the Irish Album Charts on 31 March 2011.
2011: "...with Love".
On 13 September 2011, it was announced that Mary Byrne had asked to end her record deal with Sony, and asked to switch to Universal. It was later announced that she had started working on a second album, produced by Phil Coulter, to be released in Ireland by Universal Music Ireland, and in the UK by Decca UK.
On 2 November, Mary Byrne stated on her Facebook page that her latest album, which is called "...with Love", would be released in Ireland on 25 November. Her management team later announced that the album would be released the following year in March for the UK. She appeared on "The Late Late Show" the day of Ireland release, and talked to Ryan Tubridy after performing a song on the album called "Thank God That This Was My Life", written for her by Phil Coulter.
2012: "An Evening With Mary Byrne & Phil Coulter".
Mary began a concert featuring her latest songs from the album with Phil Coulter at the INEC, Killarney and in the Royal Theatre, Castlebar in April 2012. Initially, one night was planned for the acts to perform in the Olympia Theatre, Dublin on 8 May 2012. However, the public demand for tickets was so overwhelming, 5 extra nights were added, eventually resulting in a total of a 6 night residency leading up to 13 May 2012. Both Mary Byrne and Phil Coulter performed individually throughout the shows, but they also sang numerous duets. The shows were met with a number of standing ovations from the audience and an encore on each of the six nights. Despite the fact the concert was initially intended to showcase songs from "...with Love", Mary sang several songs from her début album "Mine and Yours" and other songs which did not appear on either album.
2013–14: "Magic of the Musicals".
Mary recently revealed in an interview she met Don Mescall at a charity event, and said he enjoyed her performance so much that he asked to co-write a song with her. They eventually persuaded the record label to give permission for Mary to create a country and western album with Don. Mary revealed in a more recent interview that she was going to go to Nashville to start work on the album in January, but revealed she has been too busy making preparations for a tour around Ireland. However, she revealed she is still in talks about the album, and will be travelling later in the year to Nashville to record, and that she would also hopefully feature a few duets on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="30974202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974202" title="No. 27 Squadron (Pakistan Air Force)">
No. 27 Squadron (Pakistan Air Force)

No. 27 Squadron, nicknamed Zarrars, is a Pakistan Air Force (PAF) squadron tasked with the role of tactical attack. It is assigned to the No. 34 "Tactical Attack" Wing stationed at PAF Base Rafiqui (Shorkot), which is under the PAF's Central Air Command.
The squadron was formally raised on 19 April 2007 at PAF Base Rafiqui and equipped with Dassault Mirage 5EF ROSE III combat aircraft. The first commanding officer was Wing Commander Shafqat Mushtaq and the first Senior Engineering officer was Squadron Leader Najam-ul-Hasnain. The "Zarrars" are tasked with to carry out night air assault operations, and are participating in the War in North-West Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="30974217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974217" title="Panos Ioannou">
Panos Ioannou

Panayiotis "Panos" Ioannou (; 26 January 1951 – 18 April 2005) was an internationally known cell biologist and neuroscientist who pioneered in research on Thalassemia.
He was born in Kalograia, in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus on 26 January 1951. He died on 18 April 2005 in Melbourne, Australia at the age of 54. 
In 1966 after the death of his younger brother from Hodgkin's disease he and his family moved to London, United Kingdom.
Panayiotis Ioannou received both his B.Sc. and his Ph.D. in biochemistry from University College, London, with a focus on the molecular mechanisms of memory laydown. His fascination with the mechanism of DNA replication also led him to publish a model for this mechanism in Nature while still a student. Ioannou set up and ran for almost 15 years the Prenatal Diagnosis for Thalassaemia in Cyprus, followed by the setting up of the Department of Molecular Genetics in the Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics. He had held fellowships from various organizations, including WHO and UNESCO. In the course of a UNESCO fellowship in 1992 at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, he created the first human PAC genomic library, which has been used extensively for the sequencing of the human genome. In 1997 Ioannou moved to the Murdoch Children’s Research Institute, Melbourne, Australia, where he led the Cell and Gene Therapy (CAGT) Research Group. He concentrated on the development of novel therapies with intact genomic loci for haematological and neurological disorders, while similar approaches may have major implications in biotechnology and the biological emancipation of the human species.
The Murdoch Children’s Research Institute, in Melbourne Australia, has established the ‘Panos Ioannou Fellowship’ in his memory. Jim Vadolas was awarded the Panos Ioannou Fellowship for 2006.
Shireen Lamande was awarded the Panos Ioannou Travelling Fellowship in 2007.
The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics has established a Young Scientist Award in his memory. Maria A. Loizidou received the award in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30974220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974220" title="Goniini">
Goniini

Goniini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="30974241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974241" title="Winthemiini">
Winthemiini

Winthemiini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30974252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974252" title="Schauder Hotel">
Schauder Hotel

The Schauder Hotel was an historic building located in downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was built in the Italianate style facing the Mississippi River, and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It, along with the neighboring Clifton-Metropolitan Hotel, were torn down to make way for a public parking structure.

</doc>
<doc id="30974302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974302" title="Nicola Geuer">
Nicola Geuer

Nicola Geuer (born 2 March 1988 in Duisburg) is a German tennis player.
Geuer has won four singles and four doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 10 May 2010, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 276. On 15 April 2013, she peaked at world number 431 in the doubles rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="30974321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974321" title="Smother (album)">
Smother (album)

Smother is the third studio album by British indie rock/dream pop band Wild Beasts released on 9 May 2011 by Domino Records. It reached #17 in the UK Albums Chart. According to the band, it represents a more synthesiser-based sound than previous efforts, influenced by "moving to Dalston", Brazilian writer Clarice Lispector, minimalist composer Steve Reich, noise pop duo Fuck Buttons, and Mary Shelley's book, "Frankenstein".
Background.
The band moved to London to make the record and that, according to Hayden Thorpe, drew them "back to the Lake District, the soundscape of that place." ""Smother" refers to the pillow we were resting our heads - the album really was the place where our heads, thoughts and dreams were at the time... The duality of the word 'smother' is important to us as well - that mad human dynamic of doing the right things for all the wrong reasons or doing the wrong things for all the right reasons", the singer said.
Reception.
Reviewing the album for BBC Music, Mike Diver wrote, "Beasts are, right now, the most inspirational, intriguing, effortlessly enrapturing band at work Britain. And "Smother" might well prove to be the album of 2011." Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" said, "In songs suffused with need and vulnerability, the music leaves itself open, waiting to be approached."
"Uncut" placed the album at number 8 on its list of "Top 50 albums of 2011". while "Mojo" placed the album at number 10.

</doc>
<doc id="30974330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974330" title="Elijah of Buxton">
Elijah of Buxton

Elijah of Buxton is a children's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis. His fourth book, it won the 2008 Coretta Scott King Award, the 2008 Newbery Honor, the 2008 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction, and the 2008 Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award of the Canadian Library Association
Summary.
"Elijah of Buxton" is about an eleven-year-old boy, Elijah Freeman, who lives in Buxton, Canada. It was started as the Elgin Settlement, a refugee camp for African-American slaves who escaped via the Underground Railroad to gain freedom in Canada. Elijah is the first free-born child in the settlement, and has never lived under slavery. He has only heard of it. He goes into the United States to help stop his friend from taking money from his other friend, and learns there that it is a privilege to be free.
Reception.
Elijah of Buxton was nominated for several awards. It won the 2008 Newbery Honor, the Coretta Scott King Award, the Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction, and the Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award of the Canadian Library Association. Common Sense Media called it a "humorous, powerful, masterful escape-slave tale," awarding it five stars.

</doc>
<doc id="30974341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974341" title="Come On In (The Oak Ridge Boys song)">
Come On In (The Oak Ridge Boys song)

"Come On In" is a song written by Michael Clark, and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in December 1978 as the second and final single from their album "Room Service". The song spent fifteen weeks on the Hot Country Songs charts between December 1978 and early 1979, peaking at number three. The song was also their last release for ABC Records before the label merged with MCA Records.
The song was also covered by Dave & Sugar, who included it on their 1978 "Tear Time" album (though they changed the title to "Baby, Take Your Coat Off").
It is not to be confused with the band's 1985 single "Come On In (You Did the Best You Could Do)".

</doc>
<doc id="30974356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974356" title="Ed Jordan">
Ed Jordan

Ed Jordan (born Edward Paul Jordan, 2 March 1969 in Johannesburg) is a South African musician, composer, singer-songwriter, actor, TV and radio presenter. His most recent work was for "Spud" the Movie starring John Cleese, where he wrote and produced the orchestral score and the theme songs as working as music supervisor on the film. Jordan is known in South Africa for his pop rock songs and ballads, presenting the TV show "Deal Or No Deal" and for his Beautiful Creatures children’s brand, which he co-founded in 2004.
The Beautiful Creatures Musical is currently on stage at Montecasino. Jordan is also busy with the music for two episodes of the Wild at Heart T.V. Series, working with director Darrel Roodt. He has also released "The Best of Ed Jordan" compilation for Christmas 2011.
Early life/ Education.
Jordan was schooled at St John's College (Johannesburg, South Africa) in Johannesburg and then at Diocesan College in Cape Town where he took music as a major studying piano and voice. He went on to complete an Honors Degree in Dramatic Art at Wits University. During his third year in 1989, his performance as Shakespeare’s Macbeth was spotted by agent /producer Moonyeen Lee and she helped start his professional career. His honors thesis was on “crossover music” using South African group Mango Groove as a case study. Jordan would later write and play keyboards for this multi platinum-selling band.
Music.
Jordan’s background is in church music which is where his first recordings were made as a boy: “"I know that my redeemer liveth"” and “"Cantate Domino"”. Most of his youth was spent singing in church choirs and playing piano at school where he developed an obsession with pop music. 1991 saw the release of his first single ""Dream"" off the "Fly to Me" album, which went to number 1 on the South African Music Charts. His second solo studio album 'Hear me Howling" was released in 1996, winning him a South African Music Award (S.A.M.A.) It featured the hit ""Always"". His third solo album "Crazy" featured the hits ""Crazy"", ""Your Man"", ""To have and to hold"" and ""Where did I go wrong"". 
His original carol ""African Christmas"" reached Gold Single status after its release in 1998 and is now sung by school children and in churches all across South Africa.
During the 90's, Jordan wrote and played keyboard for South African acts, Wendy Oldfield, T.K., the Rasta Rebels and Mango Groove. He has also supported Bryan Ferry, Hootie and the Blowfish, Crowded House and Ronan Keating on their South African tours. Following the success of Jordan’s TV program "The Wedding Show", he released his 4th solo Album, "For Always" featuring the hit single "Goddess". “Tonight”, Jordan’s fifth studio album, features the singles “Tonight’,” I’ve got your number!” and “Two Strangers” which went to No 1. on the S.A Take 40 on the 6th of September 2008. “The Best Of Ed Jordan” was released in Dec 2011 and features one new single, “As the Days Go By” as well as 14 previously released tracks spanning a twenty year career.
Television.
Jordan was the host of M-Net's Deal Or No Deal for three seasons and was a member of the panel of sports show "Super Saturday" for eight years on the SuperSport channel. He also co-presented The Wedding Show, Popstars and Fast Forward for the SABC.
Film Music / Theatre.
Jordan has worked with artist William Kentridge, writing and producing the score for the award winning film "Monument", as well as producing the music for the internationally acclaimed play Woyzeck on the Highveld which has toured all over the world. He's also worked with Academy Award nominated South African director Darrel Roodt writing and performing the theme song for his film "To the Death". In 1999 he co-wrote the musical Love, crime and Johannesburg with Malcolm Purkey and the cast, which ran at the Grahamstown Festival and then at The Market Theatre. Jordan composed and produced the score and theme songs for Spud the Movie, starring John Cleese and Troye Sivan. He was also music supervisor on the film.
Radio.
After working with breakfast show host Jeremy Mansfield, producing comedy songs for “The Rude Awakening” on 94.7 Highveld Stereo, Jordan spent two and a half years (2005-2008) as co-host of Kaya FM’s breakfast show, ”Live and Switched on” .
Beautiful Creatures.
In 2004, together with Alan Glass and Paul Choritz, Jordan formed Beautiful Creatures, a South African children’s brand specializing in “parent friendly” children’s music. He co-wrote, recorded and produced the platinum selling debut "Beautiful Creatures”, a CD aimed at children from 2 to 8 years of age. The “Beautiful Creatures” range now has seven titles: “Beautiful Creatures”, “More Beautiful Creatures” and “Even More Beautiful Creatures” fun educational animal songs; ”Beautiful Me”, an album that deals with emotional development in children. ”Beautiful Bedtime”, “Beautiful Creatures of the Sea” and “Beautiful Lullabies”. The company now also has a clothing range, books, educational toys and a stage show. Beautiful Creatures won a Naledi Award for the category of “Best Production of a Play or Musical for Children”, in March 2011.
Awards.
South African Music Award for “Best Adult Contemporary Album” for “Hear me Howling” in 1997.
Naledi Award for “Best Production of a Play or Musical for Children” for “Beautiful Creatures” in 2010.
Personal life.
Jordan is the son of former Business Day newspaper theatre critic Mary Jordan, and Edward Jordan, former MD of his family business Kirchhoff’s Seeds. He has one sister, Katie, and lives in Johannesburg with his wife Tamsin and daughter Sophia.
Philanthropic activities.
In 2005 Jordan was appointed by Sun International as Music Ambassador for Positive Rocks, a concept that combines art, music, food and fashion to raise money for the Tapologo Aids Hospice. Positive Rocks is a Sun International initiative that raises awareness of H.I.V. and Aids in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="30974362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974362" title="Lawrie Smith">
Lawrie Smith

Lawrie Smith (born 19 February 1956) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the soling class at the 1992 Summer Olympics with Robert Cruikshank and Ossie Stewart.
He was the skipper of various yachts at the Whitbread Round the World Race in 1989–90, 1993–94 and 1997–98.
He was the Overall Winner of the Henri Lloyd 'Outstanding Act of Seamanship' Award at the 1989–90 Whitbread Round the World Race .

</doc>
<doc id="30974425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974425" title="Acmonia, Dacia">
Acmonia, Dacia

Acmonia ("Akmonia", ) was a Dacian town mentioned by Ptolemy.

</doc>
<doc id="30974433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974433" title="Arnala-class corvette">
Arnala-class corvette

"Arnala" class was an Indian designation for the "Petya III" class vessels of the Indian Navy.
Although these vessels were classified as frigates in the Soviet Navy, they were classified by the Indian Navy as anti-submarine corvettes due to their role and smaller size. Vessels of the class were named for Indian islands.
Vessels.
The corvettes of this class constituted the 31st Patrol Vessel Squadron of the Eastern Naval Command and the 32nd Patrol Vessel Squadron of the Western Naval Command.
Operational history.
The hulls of this class were of relatively inferior quality, requiring the vessels to undergo major refit every 5 years. The Indian Navy constructed the Naval Dockyard at Visakhapatnam, primarily to service Russian vessels. But given the lack of engineering support from Russia there were inordinate delays in completing the servicing facility. This resulted in considerable delay of the second refit for , which was in poor repair and subsequently was lost at sea in storm conditions, east of Visakhapatnam on 21 August 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="30974434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974434" title="2011 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Big South Men's Basketball Tournament took place on March 1, 3, 5, 2011 at campus sites. The semifinal round was televised on ESPNU, and the finals were televised on ESPN2. The UNC Asheville Bulldogs won the tournament, defeating Charleston Southern 72–63 in the quarterfinal round, High Point 62–45 in the semifinal round, and #1 Coastal Carolina 60–47 in the championship game.
Format.
The top eight eligible men's basketball teams in the Big South Conference received a berth in the conference tournament. After the 18 game conference season, teams were seeded by conference record. The winner received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament, and UNC Asheville received that bid in 2011 as they won the tournament. Presbyterian was not eligible to compete in the 2011 tournament due to reclassification.
References.
Tournament Grids Announced Big South Conference official release Feb 27, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="30974443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974443" title="Paul Holahan">
Paul Holahan

Paul Holahan is an American film, television director, cinematographer, producer and photographer.
Career.
He has directed episodes of "Witchblade", "Numb3rs", "Las Vegas", "Shark", "Ugly Betty", "Burn Notice", "The Mentalist", "Wedding Band", "GCB", "Castle", "Body of Proof", and "Fringe". As well as producing and directing episodes of "Without a Trace", "The Ex List" and "Fairly Legal". In 2007, he directed the independent film "Hindsight". He directed "Body of Proof" episode "Hunting Party".
Holahan has also worked as a cinematographer for a number of short films. As well as directing and photographing music videos for country singers Jeffrey Steele and Shana.

</doc>
<doc id="30974447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974447" title="Hippalcimus">
Hippalcimus

In Greek mythology, the name Hippalcimus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30974456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974456" title="Sail Away (Sam Neely song)">
Sail Away (Sam Neely song)

"Sail Away" is a song written by Rafe VanHoy, and first recorded by American country music artist Sam Neely. Neely's version was released on Elektra Records in 1977. The single peaked at number 98 on Hot Country Songs and 84 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It was later covered by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in 1979 as the first single from their album "The Oak Ridge Boys Have Arrived". The song spent thirteen weeks on the Hot Country Songs charts and peaked at number two. In Canada, the song spent three weeks at the number one position on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart, reaching that position on the June 2, 1979 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30974460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974460" title="A. Hyatt Smith">
A. Hyatt Smith

Abraham Hyatt Smith (February 5, 1814 – October 16, 1892) was an American Democratic politician and businessman from Wisconsin.
Born in New York City, Smith studied law and was admitted to the New York bar in 1835. In 1842, he moved to Janesville, Wisconsin, where he built a mill and practiced law. In 1847, Wisconsin Territorial Governor Henry Dodge appointed Smith as the Wisconsin Territorial Attorney General serving until 1848. Smith served in the first Wisconsin Constitutional Convention of 1846. In 1848, President James Polk appointed Smith as the United States District Attorney serving until 1849. In 1853 and 1857, he was elected Mayor of Janesville, Wisconsin. He was also involved with the railroad industry and other forms of communication.

</doc>
<doc id="30974469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974469" title="Patricio Jerez">
Patricio Jerez

Patricio Andrés Jerez Díaz (born 19 May 1985) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División side Deportes Antofagasta as a left back.
Club career.
Colo-Colo.
On 14 December 2010, was revealed that Jerez would arrive to the giant club of Colo-Colo on replace of Roberto Cereceda, who was banned for doping problems. The other possible candidates to replace Cereceda were his team-mate Nelson Rebolledo and Matías Campos Toro of Audax Italiano. On 16 December, two days later, his transference to Colo-Colo was confirmed, and after of the transfer confirmation he said that: "Arrive to Colo-Colo is a very big opportunity". 
Jerez made his club debut in a pre-season friendly against Deportes La Serena as a starter, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 loss. On 30 January 2011, he played his first competitive match against Cobresal for a league game, match that finished 2–2 draw and then in a 3–0 loss, because for administrative problems with the signing of the player Joan Muñoz. His Copa Libertadores debut came on 11 March against Táchira, playing the full match in his club victory 4–2 at Venezuela. He scored his club's first goal in a 3–2 loss against the Brazilian club Santos at the 81st minute, being the Colo-Colo's first score discount of the game, before the second discount of Diego Rubio, after of six minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="30974480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974480" title="Osceola County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Osceola County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Osceola County Courthouse in Sibley, Iowa, United States was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Sibley was chosen as the Osceola County county seat because it was the first town established in the county. The first courthouse was a two-story frame building built in 1872 for $5,000. The present courthouse was built from 1902–1903 and featured a cupola with a clock and a statue of Justice on top. The building had major renovation projects in the 1920s and in 1961. The cupola, clock and statue have subsequently been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="30974493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974493" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1610">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1610

United Nations Security Council resolution1610, adopted unanimously on 30 June 2005, after recalling all previous resolutions on the situation in Sierra Leone, the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) for a final six months until 31 December 2005. 
Resolution.
Observations.
In the preamble of the resolution, the Council emphasised the importance of long-term support for Sierra Leone by the United Nations and international community. The Secretary-General Kofi Annan had approved the drawdown schedule for UNAMSIL and the need for a strong United Nations presence in Sierra Leone once it had left. It welcomed the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court for Sierra Leone.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council extended the mandate of UNAMSIL until the end of 2005. The Secretary-General was required to finalise arrangements for a United Nations system presence in Sierra Leone, urging a smooth transition as Sierra Leonean security forces would assume responsibility after the withdrawal of UNAMSIL. 
Meanwhile, the government of Sierra Leone was called upon to develop an effective and sustainable police force, armed forces, judiciary and penal system. The Council also asked United Nations peacekeeping operations in the region to enhance co-operation. 

</doc>
<doc id="30974494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974494" title="Jody Grace">
Jody Grace

Jody Grace (born in Toomevara, County Tipperary, Ireland) is a former Irish hurling player. He played hurling with his local club Toomevara and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1991 to 1995. 
He was an unused substitute when Tipperary won the 1991 All Ireland.
He made his championship debut in 1994 against Clare in a 0-13 to 2-11 defeat at the Gaelic Grounds, which was his only Championship start for Tipperary.
He was in goal when Tipperary won the National Hurling League in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30974507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974507" title="Dream On (The Righteous Brothers song)">
Dream On (The Righteous Brothers song)

"Dream On" is a song written by Dennis Lambert and Brian Potter, and recorded by the American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in 1979 as the third single from their album "The Oak Ridge Boys Have Arrived". This is the Oak Ridge Boys only single to feature bass singer Richard Sterban on lead vocals.
The song spent thirteen weeks within the top 40 of the Hot Country Songs charts and peaked at number seven. In Canada, the song spent three weeks at the number one position on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart, reaching that position on the November 3, 1979 chart and staying there for one week.
Other versions.
Prior to the success of the Oak Ridge Boys' version, The Righteous Brothers had a hit version, reaching No. 32 on the Billboard Hot 100 in December 1974. Bill Medley and Bobby Hatfield alternate lead vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="30974537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974537" title="List of The Waltons characters">
List of The Waltons characters

"The Waltons" is an American television series that aired for nine seasons (1972–1981) on CBS. A further six television movies aired in the 1980s and 1990s. Below is a list of the series characters and the actor(s) that portrayed them.
Main characters.
John "John-Boy" Walton Jr..
John Walton Jr. (Richard Thomas, pilot, seasons 1–5, two guest shots in season 6; and three 1990s movies; Robert Wightman, seasons 8-9, 1982 movies). Known throughout the series as "John-Boy"; born in 1916, son of Olivia Walton (née Daly) and John Walton Sr. John-Boy is based on author Earl Hamner Jr., who narrates the opening and closing of each episode as the present-day, adult John-Boy. The oldest of seven surviving children, aged 17 in season 1, John-Boy is a serious thinker and avid reader with a passion to become a writer. He constantly records his thoughts about his family, friends, and circumstances, and writes stories in a journal/diary. Normally a calm, quiet sort, John-Boy occasionally displays a touch of his father's fiery temper, and can become defensive and indignant when the situation warrants. After becoming the first member of his family to graduate from college, he moves to New York City to fulfill his dream. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, he enlists in the military and writes for the "Stars and Stripes".
John Walton Sr..
Family patriarch John, called Daddy by his children, (pilot, Andrew Duggan; series and sequels, Ralph Waite) is a hard-working, industrious man who runs a small family sawmill on his property on Walton's Mountain. He is the second son of Esther Walton (née Morgan) and Zebulon Tyler Walton. He is the husband of Olivia Walton (née Daly) and father of John "John-Boy" Walton Jr., Jason Walton, Mary Ellen Walton, Erin Esther Walton, Benjamin "Ben" Walton II, James Robert "Jim-Bob" Walton and his stillborn twin brother Joseph Zebulon Walton, and Elizabeth Tyler Walton. He is usually good-natured, wise, and fearless, ready to stand up to a challenge and tell things straight. These personality traits sometimes cause him to be brash, even towards his children and wife on occasion, and when greatly stressed, he is prone to overwork to the point of "workaholism." World War I veteran John will do anything to protect his family; he also wishes to see all of his children graduate from college, which he was unable to do. Despite his Baptist upbringing he, like his father Zeb, is distrustful of organized religion, though he is by no means an atheist. He holds life sacred and honors God as the creator of it. He does not approve of hunting animals for sport, but will hunt to provide food for his family. Despite his rejection of the Baptist church, his wife calls him "the most God-fearing man I know."
We are told in the pilot movie that he dies in the year 1969 (the year in which Earl Hamner's father died).
In 2004, TV Guide ranked him # 3 on its "50 Greatest TV Dads of All Time" list.
Ralph Waite passed away in Feb 2014, at the age of 85.
Olivia Walton.
Olivia, also known as Liv or Mama, (pilot, Patricia Neal; series, Michael Learned) is John Walton's soft-spoken, patient, loving wife, who complements his tough-skinned, opinionated nature. She is the sister of Frances Daly of Edgemont. She has seven living children: John Walton Jr., Jason Walton, Mary Ellen Walton, Erin Esther Walton, Benjamin Walton II, James Robert Walton, and Elizabeth Tyler Walton. An eighth child, Jim-Bob's twin brother Joseph Zebulon Walton, died at birth. She is also the aunt of Cousin Olivia and aunt-by-marriage of Bob Hill. She is usually gentle, but firm and unafraid to speak up or administer discipline when needed while taking a firm stand against going into debt. Like mother-in-law Esther Walton, she is a devout Southern Baptist, although her husband doesn't share her commitment to the church. She is willing to open her home to friends or strangers in need, but she is uncomfortable with her family associating with the Baldwin sisters because she strongly disapproves of their unknowing production of homemade liquor (moonshine), which they refer to as "Papa's recipe". She is especially disturbed to learn that John-Boy borrows an antique typewriter from them and that Mary Ellen unknowingly sells it to the traveling junk dealer, as she won't have her family indebted to the Baldwins.
Her background and family are not referenced to the same degree as John's. It is known that she displayed budding artistic talent in high school and considered going to college on a scholarship but instead chose to marry John Walton when she was 16 and settle down as a homemaker. She is content that she made the right choice. 
She survives polio in a 2-hour special at the end of the first season, and develops tuberculosis later in the series.
In a 1999 Archive of American Television interview, executive producer Earl Hamner Jr. stated that, when transitioning from the film to the TV series, he chose to recast the role of Olivia because he did not think that Patricia Neal's health would allow her to commit to the grind of a weekly television series. In her 1979 memoir, Neal suggested that she would have accepted the role, had it been offered to her.
Zebulon Tyler Walton.
The Walton family elder, Grandpa Walton (Pilot, Edgar Bergen; seasons 1-6, Will Geer), husband of Esther Walton (née Morgan), and father of Benjamin Walton, who was killed in World War I, John Walton, Sr., and an unknown Walton child. Referred to as "Zeb" to friends, "Zeb" or "old man" by his wife Esther, "Pa" by his son John, "Grandpa" by the rest of the family, and "the Grandfather" in show credits, likes to spend his time working with John in the sawmill, fishing, and playing with and teaching his grandkids. As hardworking as son John, Grandpa is much more easygoing in general and has a mischievous yet wise and vibrant personality. He especially cherishes his wife (and vice versa), although he can often be found alone relaxing with the Baldwin sisters, happily sipping their "recipe" (moonshine). He also tends to distrust his wife's Baptist church, although he has a deep love and respect for God. He served in the Spanish-American War and is an amateur botanist like Will Geer himself. Geer's sudden death during the post-season-6 hiatus is reflected in the report of Grandpa's death from a heart attack at the start of season 7. 
In the German dubbed version, the name of Zebulon "Zeb" Walton was changed to Samuel "Sam" Walton. The television network ZDF which first aired The Waltons in Germany was worried that the name "Zeb" could be mistaken with "Sepp" which is a Bavarian short form of the name Joseph and could be seen as being cliché.
Esther Walton.
Grandma (Ellen Corby), practical but feisty and quick-tempered, makes a strong effort to stick to the straight and narrow and get things done. "Grandma" Esther (née Morgan), is the wife of Zebulon Tyler ("Grandpa" Zeb) Walton and the mother of Benjamin "Ben" Walton, Sr. who was killed in World War I; John Walton Sr., husband of Olivia (née Daly); and their unknown sibling. Like her husband, Grandma has plenty of wisdom to share with family and friends, peppered with the occasional "Good Lord!" (when surprised, indignant, or both) or bestowing a cheekily-loving "You old fool!" on her husband. In 1977, actress Ellen Corby's stroke was incorporated into the storyline--Grandma also had a stroke. Corby's missing the 5th season's latter half, and having her role drastically reduced from then on, was explained as Grandma visiting relations in nearby Buckingham County. Corby was able to return for the 6th season's final episode; she returned to being a regular cast member during season 7, though Corby's health forced her to drop to recurring status from season 8 onward, only appearing in a few episodes per season; she appeared in five of the six reunion specials.
Jason Walton.
Jason (Jon Walmsley) was born in 1918, son of John ("Daddy") Walton and Olivia ("Mama", Liv) Walton (née Daly); grandson of Zebulon Tyler ("Grandpa" Zeb) Walton and Esther ("Grandma") Walton (née Morgan); nephew of Benjamin ("Uncle" Ben) Walton II, an unknown aunt or uncle Walton, and Frances Daly who lives in Edgemont; brother of John-Boy Walton, Mary Ellen Walton, Benjamin (Ben) Walton III, Erin Esther Walton, James Robert (Jim-Bob) Walton and his stillborn twin brother Joseph Zebulon Walton, and Elizabeth Tyler Walton, 1st Cousin of Olivia, and cousin-in-law of Bob Hill. Age 15 in season 1, he is a somewhat-introverted but good-natured musician who enjoys composing music for harmonica, guitar, and piano, some of which graced the show. In season 3, Jason attends the Kleinberg Conservatory of Music; in season 4 he lands a job playing honkytonk piano at local tavern The Dew Drop Inn, much to Grandma's and Olivia's chagrin. In season 5, after an internal struggle which led him to consider becoming a conscientious objector, Jason joins the National Guard. By season 9 he joins the Army and meets a Jewish girl, named Toni Hazelton; they marry and have several children, all named after country singers of the time.
Mary Ellen Walton.
Mary Ellen (Judy Norton Taylor) is the oldest of Liv and John's daughters, born in 1920, aged 13 in season 1. Throughout the first few seasons, she is a typically whiny, sometimes rebellious teenager, somewhat of a tomboy who enjoys playing baseball, but could also be vain, engaging in a rivalry with rich-girl Martha-Rose Coverdale for the affections of the awkward G.W. Haines (David Doremus). Mary Ellen matures into a wiser young woman and becomes a nurse.
In season 5, Mary Ellen marries Dr. Curtis Willard (Curt), the town's new physician; in season 6 they welcome their only child, John Curtis Willard. In season 7, Mary Ellen receives a telegram notifying her that Curt has been killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor, but in season 9 she learns he is still alive, using an assumed name. When she journeys to find him, she discovers that he has changed a lot, including being unable to engage in sexual relations on account of his injuries, and realizes that trying to continue their relationship is pointless. She divorces him and finds a new beau, Jonesy, marrying him in the second reunion movie, "Mother's Day on Walton's Mountain." During their honeymoon, she has an accident and is told she cannot have more children, but by the fourth reunion movie, she has had 2 more, Clay and Katie, by Jonesy (who does not appear). In the "Walton Thanksgiving Reunion," set in 1963, Mary Ellen is called a "war widow," indicating that the storyline revolving around Curt's return from the dead is no longer canon and Curt is back to being killed during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Benjamin "Ben" Walton.
Ben (Eric Scott) is named for his father John's brother Ben who was killed in World War I. Fourth-born Walton Ben seems to get into trouble at precisely the wrong times. He has an enterprising spirit but sometimes falls for get-rich-quick schemes and needs his father or John-Boy to bail him out. Even as an adult, running the sawmill in partnership with his father, he makes deals that don't turn out well. He elopes with pretty Cindy Brunson and they have two children, daughter Virginia (Ginny) and son Charles Benjamin (Charlie)--who was born in the second reunion movie. In Season 8, Ben joins the Seabees and is taken prisoner by the Japanese. At various times, Ben has run the mill with his father, Elizabeth's boyfriend Drew, and Paul Northridge.
One of the last 3 movies mentions that Ginny has drowned and that Ben and Cindy are considering adopting another child; Charlie is never mentioned.
Erin Esther Walton.
Erin (Mary Elizabeth McDonough), the fifth-born and second daughter of Olivia Walton (née Daly) and John Walton Sr. She is very close to her older sister Mary Ellen, though they often fight. Erin is considered the pretty one in the family, not the scholar, and she falls in love many times throughout her teenage years. In the Season 5 episode "The Elopement," set in 1937, her age is given as 16, indicating she was born in 1921 (or late 1920). She works as a telephone operator early in season 5 while she's finishing high school. She struggles to find her place, as she is not as musical as Jason, not a scholar like John-Boy, and not interested in medicine like Mary Ellen. She takes a part-time job at a business college to buy a typewriter for John-Boy when the owner sees her answering and assisting callers at the unattended front desk. She is allowed to work her way through the business school and later becomes the Executive Secretary to a loudmouthed businessman; during the war she is the plant's executive manager. Almost all of her romances are ill-fated; the boy either dies or proves to have poor character. Eventually she meets and marries Paul Northridge and they have 3 children: Susan, Amanda, and Peter. In a reunion movie we are told that Paul was unfaithful and the couple have divorced. Erin has earned a teaching certificate, and by the final reunion movie she is a school principal.
James Robert "Jim-Bob" Walton.
James Robert (David W. Harper), better known as Jim-Bob, is the youngest Walton boy. He and Joseph Zebulon were born on January 13, 1923 but only he survived. Jim-Bob is the only Walton child who was born in a hospital, rather than at home. As a teenager, he passes his older brother Ben in height. He is particularly close to his younger sister Elizabeth. He is fascinated by airplanes and aspires to become a pilot; however, increasingly poor eyesight forces him to give up this dream. He eventually becomes a mechanic and opens his own business just opposite Ike's general store. Jim-Bob has several girlfriends throughout the series, including Ike and Corabeth's adopted daughter (and Elizabeth's friend and adoptive cousin) Aimee Godsey. Jim-Bob's birthdate is another example of timeline error in the series: Trying to enlist in the military after the Pearl Harbor attack, he's told that he's too young. If his birthdate was January 1923, he would have been going-on-19 in December 1941. Later he is shown graduating as valedictorian of the Class of 1944 in episode 188 "The Valedictorian". However, in the season 3 episode "The Runaway," he mentions that his birthdate is June 13, 1924.
Elizabeth Tyler Walton.
Elizabeth (Kami Cotler) is the youngest child of John and Olivia Walton. She was born in fall 1927 and age 6 when the series began. She has her 13th birthday in season 7's Halloween episode. She is free-spirited and outspoken, but sensitive, and in later seasons she's shown to share John-Boy's love of reading and knack for writing. Her best friend is Aimee Godsey. As a teenager, Elizabeth often babysits her nieces and nephews. Later she travels in Europe; she joins the Peace Corps in one of the sequel movies. Tony Becker portrays her boyfriend Drew; in the final sequel movie, she and Drew get engaged.
Recurring characters.
Ike Godsey.
A close friend of the Walton family and second cousin-in-law of John Walton Sr., Isaac B. "Ike" Godsey (Joe Conley) is the proprietor of the General Mercantile, the postmaster, and only garage mechanic in Walton's Mountain until teenage Jim-Bob Walton opens a garage near the Mercantile. He is a World War I veteran; he served alongside John Walton and Sheriff Bridges. During World War II, he serves as the town's Civil Defense warden. He offers the use of extra space in the Mercantile as a classroom when a fanatic burns down the schoolhouse. He eventually marries John's distant cousin Corabeth and they adopt a daughter, Aimee.
Mamie Baldwin.
The older of the Baldwin sisters, a pair of relatively well-off elderly spinster Southern belles, Mamie (Helen Kleeb) is somewhat more sensible and grounded than her sister Emily. She and Emily carry on their father's legacy of making and distributing a product they refer to as "Papa's recipe" (or "the Recipe"), which they believe to be a harmless elixir and medicinal remedy, but which is in fact moonshine whiskey which they make using "Papa's machine" (a still). All the residents of Walton's Mountain are aware of the true nature of the "recipe", but rarely discuss it with the sisters. Olivia and Grandma Walton, being devout tee-totaler Baptists, disapprove of the sisters' production of alcohol and generally try to discourage the family's association with them early in the series. However in later seasons the Baldwin sisters become dear family friends, even taking in Jason following a devastating fire at the Walton's home. In one episode later in the series Grandma Walton teaches one of the girls how to bake and lets on that her secret to it tasting so good was using some of 'the recipe' in the cake mix. Prohibition has been repealed early in Roosevelt's presidency, and though the operation of an unlicensed still (as well as the selling of untaxed alcohol) is technically illegal, Sheriff Bridges considers the ladies' activities generally harmless as long as no one tries to sell the "recipe" (which a couple of their unscrupulous relatives try to do). Most of the other citizens of Walton's Mountain are quite fond of the Baldwin sisters.
Emily Baldwin.
Emily Baldwin (Mary Jackson) is the slightly more eccentric Baldwin Sister. As a young girl, she was in love with handsome Ashley Longworth, until he disappeared. This was due to her father's interference, of which Emily was unaware until her sixties. Though she has never heard from Ashley for some fifty years, she is convinced that he will someday return to her. In season 7, Ashley's son Ashley Jr. (Jonathan Frakes), shows up in Walton's Mountain with news that his father is dead. Ashley Jr. starts a romance with Erin Walton, to Emily's delight, but reveals that, on account of his wartime experiences, is an atheist, and Erin, on the advice of her mother, Olivia, breaks off the relationship. He returns after Erin is involved with Paul Northridge, creating a love triangle, and forcing Erin to choose between two suitors. (Erin ends up choosing Paul Northridge.)
Rev. Matthew Fordwick.
First appearing early in the first season ("The Sinner"), Rev. Matthew Fordwick (John Ritter) comes to the community fresh from Baptist seminary trained as a hardline Biblical legalist, until he accidentally gets himself drunk at a visit with the Baldwin sisters, who happen to be his distant cousins. This humbling experience causes him to adopt a more forgiving nature, and he serves as the pastor of the local Baptist church through season 5. He marries the schoolteacher, Rosemary Hunter, in season 4.
Rosemary Hunter Fordwick.
Miss Hunter (Mariclare Costello) is Walton's Mountain's schoolteacher, teaching all ages from first grade through high school. As such, she teaches nearly all the county's children, including all of the Waltons. She is one of the first people to encourage John-Boy to pursue his writing, suggesting he submit his essays to various competitions, and helping him prepare for college. She later marries Rev. Matthew Fordwick. Together, they have a daughter named Mary Margret after Mary Ellen.
Corabeth Walton Godsey.
In season 3, John's second cousin Corabeth Walton (Ronnie Claire Edwards) arrives in Walton's Mountain after her mother's death. After years of caring for her invalid parents, Corabeth is nervous and shy and has retreated into a shell. Olivia and Esther encourage her and build her self-estem so she can express her interest in storekeeper/family friend Ike Godsey. They eventually marry and adopt a daughter, Aimee Louise. Whether they marry out of love or mutual loneliess is explored throughout the series. Marriage and motherhood cause Corabeth to flower into an eccentric, self-refined aspiring socialite--and the town busybody. She deals with several private battles: alcoholism, depression, temptation to infidelity, and her intense longing to forever abandon the rural backwater for a more cultured, cosmopolitan life. In later seasons she dresses in a flamboyant, urban manner with trendy hairstyles and bold dresses and suits, out of place with the Walton women and the conservative rural area. She is innovative, and improves the yard goods and millinery departments at Godsey's store. Humorously, she always addresses her husband as "Mr. Godsey" except for intimate private moments. Despite her desire to live someplace other than Walton's Mountain, Corabeth does seem to genuinely like and care for the Walton family. She regards Olivia as a friend, and attempts to help Jim-Bob with his studies, encouraging him to follow his dreams. Later in the series she becomes a real-estate agent for the area.
Verdie Grant Foster.
Verdie Grant (Lynn Hamilton) is a middle-aged African-American widow, with two adult sons and three daughters, the youngest of whom, Claire, is graduating from college in Richmond. She has been illiterate most of her life, a fact which her fierce pride and mistrust based on bad experience with a white-dominated society has caused her to hide. But she decides to ask John-Boy to secretly teach her to read and write. After resolution of a misunderstanding caused by Elizabeth unknowingly revealing her secret to Miss Hunter, she completes her lessons and becomes a close friend of the Waltons, appearing in a total of 17 episodes. During later seasons, she marries Harley Foster (Hal Williams), an itinerant laborer (who it is later revealed was on the run trying to avoid conviction for a murder which he had not committed) and becomes stepmother to Harley's young son.
Sheriff Ep Bridges.
Marmaduke Ephram "Ep" Bridges (John Crawford) is the Jefferson County sheriff, keeper of the peace in Walton's Mountain. He appeared in forty episodes, starting in the very first. He, like John Walton and Ike Godsey, is a veteran of World War I, serving in the 2nd Infantry Division. After the war he married but became widowed, and has two grown sons. Though he is unquestionably the best man in the county for the sheriff's job, he needs the help of John-Boy's investigative journalism to survive a re-election threat from a charismatic, well-connected politician looking to use the office as a stepping stone to the state legislature. He refuses to discuss his war service until John-Boy researches an "Honor Day" celebration and discovers Ep was decorated for valor with the Medal of Honor, the French Croix de Guerre, and several others for destroying an enemy machine gun nest with a grenade, wounding himself in the process. He was haunted by the deaths he caused. John-Boy's research reunites Ep with Sara Griffith, a volunteer nurse and ambulance driver who treated him for his wounds, but lost touch with him when he was transferred to another hospital. Not long after the reunion, Ep and Sara marry. Sheriff Bridges makes his last appearance in the second-to-last series episode, "The Hostage" (Season 9, Episode 20).
Sara Griffith Bridges.
Sara Griffith (Lynn Carlin) is a Red Cross nurse working in the state capital, to whom John-Boy turns to research Ep Bridges' World War I service. It happens that she served in World War I, and is personally familiar with Ep's service because she treated him after he was wounded. They started a courting relationship, but lost touch when Ep was transferred to another hospital. Sarah visits Walton's Mountain to find Ep, and soon relocates there. After a bit of matchmaking by Olivia and John, Ep proposes and they marry. Her war experience as an ambulance driver gave her a knowledge of how to fix cars, which earns her Jim-Bob's adoration. She, along with Olivia and Corabeth, serves the Baptist church as part of a committee appointed to find a replacement for Reverend Fordwick.\
Maude Gormley.
Maude (Merie Earle) was an elderly woman who resided on Waltons Mountain. A talented folk artist, she discovered an artistic talent late in life, and began painting local scenes on pieces of plywood (which were later displayed and sold in Ike's store). Though a bit of a schemer, she nonetheless enjoyed a warm friendship with the Walton family, particularly Esther, whom she'd known for many decades.
Other characters.
Benjamin ("Uncle" Ben) Walton.
Uncle Ben Walton was the red-haired, idea-filled older son of Zebulon Tyler Walton and Esther Walton (née Morgan). He is mentioned in The Awakening (Season 2, Episode 15) which three children are mentioned, and The Hero (Season 5, Episode 18) when Ben made a memorial bench for Uncle Ben for Honor Day.
Uncle Ben was much like his nephew, John's son. They both have red hair, they are both filled with ideas, their handwriting is similar, etc. Uncle Ben got along with John the same way that Ben gets along with John-boy.
Frances Daly.
Frances is Olivia's sister, who lives in Edgemont. She has a daughter, Olivia, whose husband dies in "The Loss." She is mentioned in "The Heritage" (Season 2, Episode 18).
Olivia Hill.
Olivia Hill is the niece of Olivia and John Walton (daughter of Olivia's sister Francis), and first cousin of John-Boy, Jason, Mary Ellen, Ben, Erin, Jim-Bob, Joseph, and Elizabeth; she is the wife of Bob Hill, whom she marries on the mountain in "The Shivaree" episode. She returns to Walton's Mountain following her husband's sudden death.
Martha Corinne Walton.
Martha Corinne, the widow of Zeb's older brother, Henry Walton, first appears in the two-part season 3 episode "The Conflict", in which she and her family are displaced from their land on the mountain by construction of the Blue Ridge Parkway. Though she initially refuses to leave, when John-Boy is wounded in an armed standoff between members of the Walton clan and government officials, Martha Corinne agrees to reloate to a newly construted house provided by the government. She appears in two more episodes, including season 5's "The Pony Cart" (which won an Emmy for portrayer Beulah Bondi in 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="30974545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974545" title="Arutela">
Arutela

The Roman castra Arutela is a historical monument, situated between Paușa and Căciulata, near the town Călimănești. It is estimated to have been constructed between 137 – 138 A.D. The building lies on the left bank of the Olt River, nearby the Cozia Monastery and the Turnu hydropower complex.
The dating of the construction was done based on inscriptions discovered in two samples of the front of two of the castra's gates. These samples suggest that the castra was constructed in the time of Hadrian by a detachment of Syrian archers in 138, under the orders of Titus Flavius Constans, military governor of Dacia Inferior. The last coins discovered and dated at Arutela were issued between the years 220 – 223 A.D. Arutela also hosted a Dacian settlement, which enjoyed a prolonged existence under Roman rule.
Archaeology.
The first excavations at "Poiana Bivolari" were made in 1888–1889 in order to capture sulfurous thermal water. The excavation uncovered metal objects and Roman coins of Hadrian, Septimius Severus, Iulia Doamna and Caracalla. Between 1890 and 1892, Grigore Tocilescu and Pamfil Polonic continued with partial excavations, completely uncovering Roman baths and partial ruins of the castra. These discoveries remain the only epigraphic materials found on the site. Between 1897 and 1902, the Arutela ruins were partially covered by the construction of a railroad between Râmnicu Vâlcea and Râul Vadului, while the baths disappeared completely.
In 1967, the National Military Museum reopened the research site until 1970, and opened it once more in 1978. The opening led to the complete exposure of the ruins which were not destroyed by the railroad construction.
The archaeological excavations uncovered weapons, coins, pots and inscriptions, on display today at the Bucharest National Military Museum. After the excavations finished, the Arutela castrum became a historical monument of the Vâlcea County Committee of Culture and the Museum of History in Râmnicu Vâlcea. In 1982–1983, the castrum was renewed in a project by the architect Aurel Teodorescu, following references prepared by Cristian Vlădescu, the coordinator of research previously performed by the Military Museum. The construction work was executed by C. Panco. The first "Praetorian gate" ("porta praetoria") in Romania was reconstructed on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="30974561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974561" title="Transjordanian general election, 1947">
Transjordanian general election, 1947

General elections were held in Jordan on 20 October 1947. As political parties were banned at the time, all candidates were independents.

</doc>
<doc id="30974581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974581" title="Thank God for Kids">
Thank God for Kids

"Thank God for Kids" is the title of a song written by Eddy Raven. He recorded it in 1972 for his Dot Records album of the same name, and included it as the b-side to his 1976 single "The Curse of a Woman".
It was later recorded by American country music band The Oak Ridge Boys, whose version was the only single from their 1982 Christmas album "The Oak Ridge Boys Christmas". The song spent sixteen weeks on the Hot Country Songs charts and peaked at number three.
In 2004, Kenny Chesney covered the song for his Christmas album "All I Want for Christmas Is a Real Good Tan". His version spent one week at number 60 on the country singles charts in January 2004. In 2011, John Rich covered the song for his extended play, "For the Kids".

</doc>
<doc id="30974611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974611" title="Emmanuel Rashba">
Emmanuel Rashba

Emmanuel I. Rashba (born 1927) is a Ukrainian theoretical physicist known for his contributions to semiconductor physics and spintronics including the Rashba effect.
Born in Kiev, Ukraine, he survived the Second World War by fleeing to Kazan. He later studied physics at Kiev University, the Academy of Science of the Ukraine (where he received his PhD in 1956), and the A.F. Ioffe Institute in Leningrad. From 1966 to 1992, he was Head of the Theory of Semiconductors Division at the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics.
In 1991, he moved to the United States, where he worked at the University of Utah, SUNY at Buffalo, and Dartmouth College before becoming a visiting scientist at Harvard University.
In 1993 Rashba was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society. He has won several awards including the National Prize of the USSR and the Pekar Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="30974614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974614" title="Suzy Lake">
Suzy Lake

Suzy Lake (born 1947) is an American-Canadian artist based in Toronto, Canada, known for her work as a photographer, performance artist and video maker. Using a range of media Lake explores topics including identity, beauty, gender and aging.
Life and work.
Using costumes, make-up and props, Lake creates self-portraits for the camera, often by assuming new identities. By highlighting the artifice of her adopted personas, Lake “dramatizes the self-transformation involved in posing for the camera.” An example is Suzy Lake As Patty Hearst, a project Lake made in collaboration with Bill Jones, featuring the artist as the eponymous Hearst Lake’s art has a political dimension in its suggestion that femininity is a construct, one that is socially-imposed, but like all forms of costuming, potentially liberating.
She has been represented by Galerie Gilles Gheerbrant (1974–1977); Jared Sable Gallery (1976–1990), and Paul Petro Contemporary Art (1995 – 2012). Lake is currently represented by Georgia Scherman Projects, Toronto (2012 - ); Solway Jones Gallery, Los Angeles (2009 – ); Galerie Donald Browne, Montreal (2010 - ).
Early life and education, 1947–1968.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, Lake began her fine art studies at Wayne State University and Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan from 1965-1968. During this period she became involved with the anti-war and civil rights movements of the 1960s. She also witnessed the Detroit Race Riots of 1967, one of the deadliest riots to occur in the United States with 43 deaths, 467 injured, and more than 7,200 arrests. Soon after in 1968, Lake immigrated to Canada with her husband to escape the Vietnam War draft.
Quebec years, 1968–1978.
After moving to Montreal, Lake taught at the Montreal Museum School (1969–1978) and was mentored by the minimalist artist, Guido Molinari. She was active in the early conceptualist art scene in that city. In 1971, Lake became a co-founder, along with twelve other artists, of the artist-run gallery Véhicule Art Inc. Lake's work during this period was influenced by fellow "camera artists" in Véhicule (including Les Levine) who were using the camera to represent an idea as opposed to documenting reality. This was also a period when Lake began to question her status as a woman and concentrated on the subject of identity in her artworks. In her series of photographs entitled "A One Hour (Zero) Conversation with Allan B." made in 1973, she becomes the subject as a camera records her expression at various intervals of a candid conversation with a friend. To emphasize her gestures, Lake used white make-up to cover her face. Lake explains in an interview in 1990, "whiteface in mime eliminates personality. It's called zero: before the character." She then invited her friends and family to circle the photographs in the series most represented her personality.
Noting the influence of the political climate of the 1970s on her work, Lake has said: “I know that I am a feminist, but I can see that my politics originated in human rights issues, civil rights, the FLQ in Quebec and race issues in the States.” Today, Lake’s art is widely recognized to be pioneering. Roberta Smith of the New York Times notes that Lake’s work “parallels and may precede that of Cindy Sherman.” In the 1970s, the two artists were contemporaries; “Cindy Sherman…in fact, invited Lake to exhibit in an early Hallwalls show in 1975.” Today, Lake continues to make work about the body focusing on issues of ageing, and exhibiting her work worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="30974629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974629" title="Jordanian general election, 1950">
Jordanian general election, 1950

General elections were held in Jordan on 2 April 1950. As political parties were banned at the time, all candidates ran as independents, although some were affiliated with the Liberal Party, the Jordanian Communist Party, the Ba'ath Party the Arab Constitutional Party and the Umma Party.

</doc>
<doc id="30974646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974646" title="Jordanian general election, 1951">
Jordanian general election, 1951

General elections were held in Jordan on 29 August 1951. As political parties were banned at the time, all candidates ran as independents, although some affiliated with the Jordanian Communist Party, the Ba'ath Party the Arab Constitutional Party and the Umma Party all won seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30974647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974647" title="Glasgow Grand Opera Society">
Glasgow Grand Opera Society

The Glasgow Grand Opera Society, known by its members and audiences alike as simply 'The Grand', was an opera company based in Glasgow, Scotland. It was founded in 1906 and was wound up in 2000.
Charles Manners used profits from a successful season of his Moody-Manners Opera Company in Glasgow in 1906 to help create the Glasgow Grand Opera Society, under its first conductor R Hutton Malcolm. Its original purpose was to augment touring Grand Opera Companies' choruses, but in 1911 mounted its first independent production, Gounod's "Faust".
For all of the 1930s, Erik Chisholm, who had newly founded the Active Society for the Propagation of Contemporary Music, became its musical director and conductor, giving many premieres of opera. 1934 saw the British premiere of Mozart's "Idomeneo", for which the scenery and costumes were designed and made by the Glasgow School of Art, which also provided the ballet, and in 1935 Berlioz's huge opera "The Trojans" was premiered for the first time outside France. Another premiere the next year was "Beatrice and Benedict" also by Berlioz and translated by the novelist Guy McCrone. In 1948 the company presented "Eugene Onegin", which was then only rarely performed in Britain. In its Bizet Festival 1951, the Society included "The Pearl Fishers", the first time in Britain that the opera had been performed in English. It performed principally in the city's Theatre Royal, followed by the Alhambra and the Kings, usually accompanied by the Royal Scottish National Orchestra. From 1993, its annual productions moved to the New Athenaeum Theatre in the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland where it continued its tradition of breaking new ground with its performance of the Franco Leoni 1905 opera "L'Oracolo" in 1994, a Scottish premiere and the first production of that opera in the United Kingdom for 80 years. Wynne Evans, then a 4th year student at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, played San-Lui, the Oracle's son. The company's producers included Peter Ebert, Anthony Besch and Jack Notman.
Although challenged from the early 1960s by the professional Scottish Opera, established by Sir Alexander Gibson, (who had conducted the Society in 1954), the company continued to produce major annual productions until 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30974648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974648" title="Taleb Kanaan">
Taleb Kanaan

Taleb Kanaan (Arabic: طالب كنعان) is a Lebanese senior anchor for Al Arabiya and the presenter of the monthly program "Hewar Al-Arab" ("Dialogue of the Arabs").
Career.
He started his career in National Broadcasting Network (Lebanon) NBN Lebanese news channel as an editor, following which he occupied several other positions in this network, Currently he is a news anchor at Al Arabiya TV news channel and he was the first news presenter appearing on the same channel in March 2003.
Education.
He earned in 2002 an MA in political science from the Lebanese University.he hold a PhD from University Of Wales, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="30974649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974649" title="Geumo Land">
Geumo Land

Geumo Land () is an amusement park near the base of Geumo Mountain, near the city of Gumi, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea.
Rides include a Viking ship, tagada, bumper cars and viba train. It also offers ice skating, and, in the winter, sled riding.

</doc>
<doc id="30974659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974659" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1611">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1611

United Nations Security Council resolution1611, adopted unanimously on 7 July 2005, after reaffirming the principles of the United Nations Charter and resolutions 1373 (2001) and 1566 (2004), the Council condemned the 7 July 2005 London bombings. 
The Security Council reaffirmed the need to combat threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts and condemned the bomb attacks in London, in which many lives were lost and people injured. It expressed sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims and the people and government of the United Kingdom. 
The resolution called upon all states to co-operate to bring the perpetrators to justice in accordance with their obligations under Resolution 1373. Finally, the Council concluded by expressing its determination to combat all forms of terrorism. 

</doc>
<doc id="30974675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974675" title="Jordanian general election, 1954">
Jordanian general election, 1954

General elections were held in Jordan on 16 October 1954, the first that political parties were allowed to contest. The result was a victory for independent candidates, which won 38 of the 40 seats, with the other two going to the Liberal Party and the Umma Party.

</doc>
<doc id="30974715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974715" title="Gastrolepta anthracina">
Gastrolepta anthracina

Gastrolepta anthracina is a species of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30974716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974716" title="Tyler Blackburn">
Tyler Blackburn

Tyler Jordon Blackburn (born October 12, 1986) is an American actor and singer. He is known for his roles as Jesse Pratt in "Peach Plum Pear" and as Caleb Rivers on the hit "ABC Family" series "Pretty Little Liars" and its spin-off, "Ravenswood".
Early life.
Blackburn was born in Burbank, California. He has three brothers and a sister. He is of English, Welsh, Czech, Swedish and Cherokee descent.
Career.
Acting.
Blackburn began performing in 2002 and appeared on the series "Unfabulous" on Nickelodeon. In the following year he was a teacher in the short film "The Doers of Coming Deeds". In 2005, he made a cameo in the film "Next of Kin". In 2007, Blackburn appeared in "Cold Case" and "Rock ville CA", a webseries launched by Josh Schwartz. In 2010, he appeared on "Days of Our Lives", "Gigantic", and was also in the independent film "Peach Plum Pear".
In October 2010, Blackburn was cast in a recurring role as Caleb Rivers in the TV series "Pretty Little Liars". He was upgraded to series regular for the third season starting in the summer of 2012. In March 2011, he joined the cast of the NBC comedy pilot "Brave New World", which was not picked up to series.
Blackburn also starred as Pete in the six-episode webseries "Wendy", a project developed by Alloy Entertainment and Macy's that premiered on September 15, 2011.
In 2012, he starred in drama "Hiding" alongside Ana Villafañe, Jeremy Sumpter, Dean Armstrong and Dan Payne.
In May 2013, it was announced that Blackburn was joining the cast of "Pretty Little Liars" spin-off Ravenswood.
Music.
For his role in Alloy Entertainment webseries "Wendy", Blackburn recorded a song that was released on August 15, 2011.
He recorded another song for the ABC Family television show, "Secret Life of the American Teenager".

</doc>
<doc id="30974723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974723" title="Jordanian general election, 1956">
Jordanian general election, 1956

General elections were held in Jordan on 21 October 1956. The National Socialist Party emerged as the largest party, with 11 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30974725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974725" title="Silk (TV series)">
Silk (TV series)

Silk is a British television drama series produced by the BBC which was broadcast over three series on BBC One between 22 February 2011 and 31 March 2014. Created by Peter Moffat, the series follows the daily goings on of Shoe Lane chambers and its members in their personal and professional lives and what they do to attain the rank of Queen's Counsel, known as "taking silk."
Origin.
The series' writer, Peter Moffat, also wrote the series "Criminal Justice" and "North Square", as well as an episode of "Kavanagh QC". Before the series started, Moffat said in an interview, "I wanted "Silk" to be full of politics and intrigue. From my experience at the Bar, I felt life in chambers had all of those components, with big stories and lots of courtroom drama—but I wanted to make it as much about barristers and their life in chambers as about the trials".
"Silk" was commissioned by Jay Hunt, then-Controller of BBC One and Ben Stephenson, BBC Controller of Drama Commissioning, and was filmed in July 2010. It is based on Moffat's experiences at the Bar. In an interview with "The Guardian", he said "I want to tell it as it really is. The extreme pressure, the hard choices, the ethical dilemmas, the overlap between the personal and the professional, principles fought for and principles sacrificed, the Machiavellian politics, the sex, the drinking, the whole story—life at the bar is the richest possible drama territory."
The series' title refers to the act of being appointed a Queen's Counsel, known as "taking silk" due to the different style of gown, usually made of silk, worn in court by QCs. It is this gown which gives rise to the colloquial reference to Queen's Counsel as "silks" as well as to the phrase "taking silk" referring to their appointment.
Overview.
"Silk" follows a set of barristers from a chambers in London. The series' main focus is on Martha Costello (Maxine Peake) and her ambition to become Queen's Counsel as well as on her rival, Clive Reader (Rupert Penry-Jones). Martha achieves her ambition at the end of Series One, leaving Clive disappointed. He however becomes a QC in the opening episode of Series 3. The chambers' senior clerk, Billy Lamb (Neil Stuke), also features heavily in the series.
It is believed that the third series will be the last to be broadcast. However Rupert Penry-Jones stated that: 
"It’s a courtroom drama so it could go on and on and there is a whole echelon of stuff we could go into, but it will be interesting to see what people make of this series because the way it is left, we as a cast aren’t sure whether it’s been written as, 'This is it', or whether it’s got more to come because it feels like everyone gets blasted in different directions at the end of this series, so maybe the writer has thrown a grenade in and blown the whole show up. But it will very much depend on how people react to it." 
In late March 2014, it was announced there will be a radio spin-off following the lives of the clerks of Shoe Lane Chambers. 
Critical reception.
Writing in "The Daily Telegraph", barrister Sarah Palin praised "Silk", saying that "the opening episodes do a good job of capturing the relentless pressure of the criminal Bar" and that "the competition for silk, while a useful plot device, also accurately reflects the fiercely competitive nature of the Bar", but added "the characters featured are a little more youthful than their real-life counterparts" and that the storyline in which one of the pupil barristers shoplifts his wig and gown struck "an absurd note". "The Telegraph" television reviewer, James Walton, compared the series to Moffat's previous production, "North Square", but said that "Silk" was "more viewer-friendly" and the characters "far easier to divide into heroes and villains". He concluded that the first episode was "a perfectly OK hour of telly—marred only by the fact that we’ve come to expect a bit more than that from Moffat." Alex Aldridge of "The Guardian", meanwhile, called the series "underwhelming" and stated that it implied that cocaine use was "rife" amongst criminal barristers. Also writing in "The Guardian", Lucy Mangan implied that the series was predictable and called it "a rare misfire by Peter Moffat [...] and aggravated by the squandering of Peake, whose usually overflowing talents seem to have been dammed here rather than encouraged to irrigate an oddly bloodless role."
The first series averaged 5.85 million viewers. The second series averaged 5.74 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="30974731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974731" title="Peter Tasker">
Peter Tasker

Peter Tasker is a former assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney, Bishop of Georges River.
Tasker was educated at Moore Theological College and ordained in 1964. After curacies in Woollongong, Chatswood and Engadine he was Vicar of St George's Penang in Malaya from 1970.
Tasker retired in 2009, but has been Acting Bishop of Georges River since June 2013, while there is neither assistant bishop nor archdeacon due to funding problems.

</doc>
<doc id="30974742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974742" title="Anthony Crosse">
Anthony Crosse

Anthony Crosse is a former Irish hurling player. He played hurling with his local club Éire Óg Anacarty and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1993 to 1995. 
He made his championship debut in 1993 against Kerry in a 4-21 to 2-9 win at Semple Stadium, scoring three points. He went on to score a goal and four points in the 1993 Munster Final win against Clare at the Gaelic Grounds.
He played at full forward when Tipperary won the National Hurling League in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30974744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974744" title="Jordanian general election, 1961">
Jordanian general election, 1961

General elections were held in Jordan on 19 October 1961. As political parties were banned at the time, all candidates ran as independents.

</doc>
<doc id="30974750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974750" title="Jordanian general election, 1962">
Jordanian general election, 1962

General elections were held in Jordan on 24 and 25 November 1962. As political parties were banned at the time, all candidates ran as independents.

</doc>
<doc id="30974753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974753" title="Jordanian general election, 1963">
Jordanian general election, 1963

General elections were held in Jordan on 6 July 1963. As political parties were banned at the time, all candidates ran as independents.

</doc>
<doc id="30974756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974756" title="Hey Now Now">
Hey Now Now

"Hey Now Now" is the first single by pop rock group Swirl 360 from their debut studio album, "Ask Anybody". The song is the band's biggest hit to date, making them a One-hit wonder.

</doc>
<doc id="30974763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974763" title="Jordanian general election, 1967">
Jordanian general election, 1967

General elections were held in Jordan on 27 April 1967. As political parties were banned at the time, all candidates ran as independents. Voter turnout was 70.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="30974772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974772" title="Roger Chamberlain">
Roger Chamberlain

Roger C. Chamberlain (born January 14, 1963) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represents District 38, which includes portions of Anoka, Ramsey, and Washington counties in the northeastern Twin Cities metropolitan area. He is a senior corporate tax accountant for Ameriprise Financial.
Early life, education, and career.
Chamberlain attended Normandale Community College in Bloomington, receiving his A.A.S. in law enforcement. He later earned his B.S. in accounting from Metropolitan State University in Saint Paul. He also served in the United States Navy and in the United States Army National Guard.
Minnesota Senate.
Chamberlain was first elected in 2010 and was re-elected in 2012.
Political Positions.
Chamberlain is a hard-right conservative who follows most Republican Party positions. In 2012 he voted to amend the Minnesota Constitution to permanently ban same sex marriages and to require a photo ID to vote in elections. The voters later rejected these proposals. Chamberlain is opposed to abortion, opposes all spending on mass transit, and supports the expansion of nuclear power in Minnesota.
In 2014 Chamberlain announced that he was opposed to expanding the states anti-bullying law to help protect students, even though it is one of the weakest in the country with just 37 words.
In 2012 Senator Chamberlain failed Project VoteSmart's Political Courage Test. They stated, "Roger Chamberlain refused to tell citizens where he stands on any of the issues addressed in the 2012 Political Courage Test, despite repeated requests from Vote Smart, national media, and prominent political leaders."

</doc>
<doc id="30974808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974808" title="Bill Harris (neuroscientist)">
Bill Harris (neuroscientist)

William Anthony "Bill" Harris FRS FMedSci (born 26 November 1950) is a Canadian-born neuroscientist, Professor of Anatomy at Cambridge University, and fellow of Clare College. He has been head of the Department of Physiology, Development and Neuroscience since its formation in 2006. 
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30974824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974824" title="Jordanian general election, 1989">
Jordanian general election, 1989

General elections were held in Jordan on 8 November 1989, the first since 1967. As political parties were banned at the time, all 647 candidates ran as independents, although 22 of the 80 successful candidates were Muslim Brotherhood members. Voter turnout was 53.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="30974837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974837" title="Fayette County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Fayette County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Fayette County Courthouse in West Union, Iowa, United States was built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first courthouse in Fayette County was built in West Union for $8,000. It was a brick building that measured 40 by 60 feet. The county jail was located in the building and a prisoner set fire to the structure as he escaped in 1872. Another courthouse was built two years later. Because of growth in the county it had a successions of additions and improvements between 1894-1896. In 1922 this courthouse was also destroyed in a fire. The present courthouse was built the following year for $299,000. The Beaux Arts building was constructed in Bedford Stone and the main entrance is solid bronze. 

</doc>
<doc id="30974859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974859" title="Martin Švec">
Martin Švec

Martin Švec (born 26 March 1984) is a Czech football defender who currently plays for FK Fotbal Třinec.
Czech Second League.
Švec played in the Czech 2. Liga for Fotbal Fulnek in the 2008-09 season.
Spartak Trnava.
In December 2011, he joined Slovak club FC Spartak Trnava on two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="30974864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974864" title="Réalités">
Réalités

Réalités (حقائق) ("Realities") is a weekly French-language Tunisian magazine. An independent magazine, it is published by Maghreb Media each Thursday. It was founded in 1979 by Taïeb Zahar and quickly became an important element of Tunisian national media. In 2005, an Arabic version began to be published. Its columnists/editors are Taïeb Zahar, Pascal Boniface, Ridha Lahmar, Hakim Ben Hammouda, Zyed Krichen and Foued Zaouche. As of June 2006, the magazine had a circulation of 23,500, with 9,500 subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="30974865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974865" title="Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011">
Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011

Sweden participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany and selected their entry through the national final Melodifestivalen 2011, organised by Swedish broadcaster Sveriges Television (SVT).
Melodifestivalen 2011.
The Swedish entry, Popular by Eric Saade, for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 was selected through Melodifestivalen contest, the 50th edition of the contest. SVT announced new rules and changes to the Melodifestivalen 2010 rules.
At Eurovision.
Sweden started at position 8, the first half of the second semi-final of the contest on 12 May 2011. As the songs were called, Sweden was the last one to qualify to the final on 14 May 2011, where it managed 155 points and ended in 1st place for the semi final. Shortly after the second semi final, Sweden drew position 7 for the grand final on 16 May 2011. Sweden achieved a respectable 3rd place in the grand final, with 185 points, beaten only by Italy with 189 and Azerbaijan with 221 points. This was the best result for Sweden since 1999, when Charlotte Nilsson won the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="30974886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974886" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1613">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1613

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1613, adopted unanimously on 26 July 2005, after recalling resolutions 827 (1993), 1166 (1998), 1329 (2000), 1411 (2002), 1431 (2002), 1481 (2003), 1503 (2003), 1534 (2004) and 1597 (2005), the Council forwarded a list of nominees for temporary judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) to the General Assembly for consideration.
The list of 34 nominees received by the Secretary-General Kofi Annan, which was short of the minimum required by the Statute of the ICTY, was as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30974889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974889" title="Robert W. Russell">
Robert W. Russell

Robert Wallace Russell (January 19, 1912 – February 11, 1992) was an American writer for movies, plays, and documentaries. He was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Writing, Original Story and Best Writing, Screenplay on the 1943 film "The More the Merrier".
He died in 1992 in New York City, shortly after his 80th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="30974911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974911" title="Jordanian general election, 1993">
Jordanian general election, 1993

General elections were held in Jordan on 8 November 1993, the first in which political parties were allowed to run since 1956. Independents won 60 of the 80 seats, with the Islamic Action Front emerging as the largest single party. Voter turnout was 54.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="30974965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974965" title="Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball">
Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball

The Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents University of Northern Colorado in Greeley, Colorado, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Big Sky Conference. 
Postseason History.
NCAA Division I tournament results.
The Bears have appeared in one NCAA Division I Tournaments. Their record is 0–1.
NCAA Division II tournament results.
The Bears have appeared in the NCAA Division II Tournament four times. Their combined record is 1–6. 
CIT results.
The Bears have appeared in the CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament (CIT) one time. Their record is 0–1.

</doc>
<doc id="30974971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974971" title="Jordanian general election, 1997">
Jordanian general election, 1997

General elections were held in Jordan on 4 November 1997. They were boycotted by the main opposition parties, and saw independents won 75 of the 80 seats. Voter turnout was 44.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="30974980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974980" title="Patrick Gallivan">
Patrick Gallivan

Patrick M. Gallivan (born November 18, 1960) is a member of the New York State Senate and the former Sheriff of Erie County, New York. Gallivan's district, the 59th, comprises portions of Erie County, the entirety of Wyoming County, the northern half of Livingston County and the towns of Henrietta and Wheatland in Monroe County. 
Gallivan was elected Sheriff of Erie County in 1998 and served through 2005. Prior to being elected Sheriff, Patrick Gallivan served 15 years in the New York State Police, rising through the ranks from Trooper to Captain. Between his time as Sheriff and as a New York State Senator, Gallivan served as a commissioner on the state parole board.
After the retirement of incumbent senator Dale Volker, Gallivan defeated former Erie County Republican Party chairman James Domagalski and David DiPietro in a three-way Republican primary in September 2010, going on to defeat Democrat Cynthia Appleton and DiPietro (who continued to run on a line labeled "Tea") in the general election in November of the same year. In 2011, Gallivan voted against the Marriage Equality Act, which legally recognized same-sex marriages performed in the state, in a closely divided Senate vote of 33-29. Marriage Equality Act roll call
Personal.
Gallivan lives in Elma, New York, with his wife, Mary Pat, and their two children, Jenna and Conor.
Education.
Patrick Gallivan holds a master’s degree in Criminal Justice from the State University of New York at Albany and is a graduate of Canisius College in Buffalo. He is a graduate of both the FBI National Executive Institute and the FBI National Academy, and is a past member of the New York State Executive Committee on Counter-Terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="30974992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30974992" title="2011–12 Bundesliga">
2011–12 Bundesliga

The 2011–12 Bundesliga was the 49th season of the Bundesliga, Germany's premier football league. The season started on 5 August 2011 with the opening match involving defending champions Borussia Dortmund and ended with the last games on 5 May 2012. The traditional winter break was held between the weekends around 17 December 2011 and 20 January 2012.
The league comprised eighteen teams: The best fifteen teams of the 2010–11 season, the best two teams from the 2010–11 2nd Bundesliga and the winners of the relegation play-off between the 16th-placed Bundesliga team and the third-placed 2nd Bundesliga team.
Since Germany climbed from fourth to third place in the UEFA association coefficient rankings at the end of the 2010–11 season, the league gained an additional group stage berth for the UEFA Champions League.
Teams.
The league comprised eighteen teams: Eintracht Frankfurt and FC St. Pauli were directly relegated after finishing the 2010–11 season in the bottom two places. Frankfurt ended a six-year tenure in the Bundesliga, while St. Pauli only made a cameo one-year appearance in the top flight and directly returned to the second level.
The relegated teams were replaced by Hertha BSC, champions of the 2010–11 2. Bundesliga, and runners-up FC Augsburg. The Bavarian side made their debut at the highest level of football in Germany, while Hertha directly returned to the Bundesliga after just one year at the second tier.
A further place in the league was decided through a two-legged play-off between Borussia Mönchengladbach, the 16th-placed team of the 2010–11 Bundesliga, and VfL Bochum, the 3rd-placed 2nd Bundesliga team. Mönchengladbach won the series 2–1 on aggregate and therefore retained its Bundesliga spot.
Stadiums and locations.
The most prominent change regarding stadiums occurred at Mainz, where FSV Mainz 05 moved from Stadion am Bruchweg into their newly built Coface Arena. Other changes included the completion of works at Mercedes-Benz Arena, which was converted to a football-only stadium during the 2009–10 and 2010–11 seasons, and the renaming of Impuls Arena, the ground of promoted team FC Augsburg, to "SGL Arena" effective from the beginning of the season after SGL Carbon acquired the naming rights for the structure in May 2011.
Personnel and kits.
In addition to the individual sponsorships of each club listed below, all teams used a league-wide ball named "Torfabrik" (goal factory), provided by Adidas; the ball was updated to a new design for the 2011–12 season.
Relegation play-offs.
Hertha BSC as 16th-placed team faced third-placed 2011–12 2. Bundesliga side Fortuna Düsseldorf in a two-legged play-off. Fortuna Düsseldorf won 4–3 on aggregate and thus were promoted for the 2012–13 Bundesliga season. Hertha BSC were relegated to the 2012–13 2nd Bundesliga.
Following the second leg, which was marred by several incidents of crowd disturbances, Hertha appealed against the result. On 21 May the German FA rejected this appeal at first instance, having considered that these crowd disturbances did not psychologically impinge the Hertha players and that the referee's handling of the situation was sound. However, Hertha appealed again, this time to the Federal Court of the German FA. On 25 May, the Federal Court of the German FA also rejected the appeal. On 19 June, Hertha BSC decided not to appeal the decision, marking their immediate return to the 2. Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="30975025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975025" title="Martha Medeiros">
Martha Medeiros

Martha Medeiros (born August 20, 1961, in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian writer and journalist. She works as columnist of the "Zero Hora" and "O Globo" newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="30975033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975033" title="Supernews (Usenet provider)">
Supernews (Usenet provider)

Supernews is a Usenet service provider founded in 1995. Offering consumers and Internet service providers direct access to Usenet, Supernews is one of the oldest Usenet providers today.
Its website is available in English, French, German, and Dutch.
Service.
Supernews offers individual users one plan for its Usenet newsgroups service:

</doc>
<doc id="30975045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975045" title="Council of Aragon">
Council of Aragon

The Council of Aragon, officially, the Royal and Supreme Council of Aragon (Spanish: Real y Supremo Consejo de Aragón. Catalan: Consell Suprem d'Aragó) was a ruling body and key part of the domestic government of the Spanish Empire in Europe, second only to the monarch himself. It administered the Crown of Aragon (Kingdom of Aragon, Principality of Catalonia -including the Roussillon- Kingdom of Valencia, Kingdom of Mallorca, Kingdow of Sicily and Naples, then Two Sicilies (till 1556)and Sardinia) as a part of Spain, and later the Iberian Union.

</doc>
<doc id="30975087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975087" title="Stephen Rosenfeld">
Stephen Rosenfeld

Stephen Samuel Rosenfeld (July 26, 1932 – May 2, 2010) was an American journalist who worked as an editor and columnist for "The Washington Post" for 40 years. He joined the newspaper in 1959 as a reporter, was promoted to the editorial board in 1962, became deputy editor of the editorial pages in 1982, and page editor in 1999.
During his time with the newspaper, he wrote over 10,000 op-ed pieces and editorials.(Obit, Stephen S. Rosenfeld, washingtonpost.com) The "Post" wrote on his death that the ones he was proudest of were a series of editorials calling for the release from internal exile in the Soviet Union of Russian physicist Andrei Sakharov. According to the "Post", Sakharov, after his release in 1986, visited Washington and asked to speak to the person who had written the editorials.
Rosenfeld was the author with his wife, Barbara, of "Return From Red Square" (1967) about his time as the "Post's" Moscow chief in Moscow in 1964, and "The Time of Their Dying" (1977) about his parents' death. 
__TOC__
Background.
Rosenfeld was born in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. The "Post" wrote that his father owned a local clothing store, played the violin, and wrote pieces about music criticism for the local newspaper, the "Berkshire Eagle", while his mother was a secretary and immigrant from Latvia. He obtained his BA in history from Harvard University in 1953, and served in the Marine Corps for two years, before taking up his first job in journalism as a reporter for the "Eagle". He went on to complete an MA in Russian history at Columbia University in 1959.
As well as writing editorials, Rosenfeld was one of the "Post's" foreign affairs correspondents. He opened the newspaper's Moscow bureau in 1964, but was expelled from the Soviet Union a year later because of the "Post"'s serialization, without Rosenfeld's involvement, of "The Penkovsky Papers" (1965). These were supposedly the memoirs of Oleg Penkovsky, a Soviet intelligence officer convicted of spying for Britain and the U.S., but they had in fact been written, unknown to the "Post", by the CIA.
Rosenfeld retired from the "Post" in 2000, and died after suffering from Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="30975089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975089" title="James Douglas Annand">
James Douglas Annand

James Douglas Annand (1875–1952) was an Australian politician and mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland. Serving for 22 years between 1924 and 1952, he was Toowoomba's longest serving mayor. Born in Ipswich but raised in Toowoomba, he operated a drapery business for many years and also owned land near Hannaford in the Surat district. He was mayor from 1924–1930, 1933–1949, and June 1952-August 1952. As mayor, one of his major projects was the construction of the Cooby Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="30975109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975109" title="James Severn">
James Severn

James Alexander Robert McEwen Severn (born 10 October 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Scunthorpe United as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
Born in Nottingham, Severn began his football career at his childhood team Derby County. He signed a professional contract at Derby in 2010.
In October 2010, Severn was loaned out to Tamworth after Ross Atkins was recalled by Derby. Severn made his first appearance for Tamworth against Rushden & Diamonds in October 2010 in the Conference National. In November 2010, Derby County recalled him from his loan deal.
In February 2011, Severn made his Derby County debut as a substitute in the 47th minute, replacing the injured Stephen Bywater in the 1–0 defeat to Hull City in the Championship. At the end of the 2010–11 season Derby confirmed they had taken up the option of an extra year on Severn's contract with the club.
On 12 August 2011, Derby County confirmed that Severn will be loaned out to Eastwood Town until 31 December 2011. He appeared 22 times for "The Badgers", keeping only one clean sheet. Severn was given the squad number 33 and became substitute goalkeeper when Adam Legzdins was loaned out to Burton Albion on 20 March 2012. At the end of the 2011–12 season, Severn was released by the club.
After a successful trial, Severn joined League One side Scunthorpe United on a one-year contract on 17 May 2012 where he competes for the number 1 jersey with Sam Slocombe. The move was formally completed on 30 June 2012.
In November 2012, he re-joined Football Conference side Tamworth on loan.

</doc>
<doc id="30975110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975110" title="Franklin County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Franklin County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Franklin County Courthouse in Hampton, Iowa, United States was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Initially, county business for Franklin County was enacted in the home of Judge James B. Reeve. A place called Jefferson was chosen as the county seat out of respect for Judge Reeve who was from originally from Jefferson, Ohio. However, one county commissioner was not in agreement and Hampton became the county seat. A frame building was built as the first courthouse in 1857. The building was sold to a church, which used it as a home and stable. County records were kept at a school until a new courthouse built of stone was constructed in the middle of the square. It measured 48 by 70 feet and was built for $12,500. The present Romanesque Revival building was designed by architect T.D. Allen. It was completed in 1891 and was built for $60,000.

</doc>
<doc id="30975111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975111" title="Vladimír Pončák">
Vladimír Pončák

Vladimír Pončák (born 19 June 1982) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the 3. liga club FC ŠTK 1914 Šamorín. He played 100 times in the Gambrinus liga, the top football league in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="30975115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975115" title="Solitaire (Andy Williams album)">
Solitaire (Andy Williams album)

Solitaire is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the fall of 1973 by Columbia Records.
The album made its first appearance on the "Billboard" 200 chart in the issue dated November 17, 1973, and remained on the album chart for 6 weeks, peaking at number 185. It entered the UK album chart the following month, on December 22, and stayed there for 26 weeks, during which time it made it all the way to number three. On January 1, 1974, the newly formed British Phonographic Industry awarded the album with Silver certification for sales of 60,000 units in the UK, and Gold certification from the BPI, for sales of 100,000 units, followed on January 1, 1975.
The first single from the album was the title track, which entered "Billboard" magazine's list of the 40 most popular Easy Listening songs of the week in the U.S. in the issue dated October 6, 1973, and stayed on the chart for nine weeks, peaking at number 23. Although the song did not make the magazine's Hot 100, it did make the top five in the UK, where it entered the singles chart two months later, on December 8, and reached number four during an 18-week stay. Williams's rerecording of another song from the album, "Remember", as a duet with his daughter Noelle resulted in another Easy Listening chart entry as of the January 5, 1974, issue that made it to number 30 over the course of seven weeks. A third song, "Getting over You", entered the UK singles chart four months later, on May 18, and lasted there five weeks, eventually getting to number 35.
"Solitaire" was released on compact disc for the first time as one of two albums on one CD by Collectables Records on February 19, 2002, the other album being Williams's Columbia release from the fall of 1972, "Alone Again (Naturally)". Collectables included this CD in a box set entitled "Classic Album Collection, Vol. 2", which contains 15 of his studio albums and two compilations and was released on November 29, 2002. "Solitaire" was paired with the UK version of "Alone Again (Naturally)" (which was entitled "The First Time Ever (I Saw Your Face)") as two albums on one CD by Sony Music Distribution in 2003.
Track listing.
This is the first Williams album that credits the musicians involved, and they are listed on the back cover of the LP with each track as follows:
Song information.
"Walk Right Back" by The Everly Brothers reached number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and their run on the UK singles chart that paired the song with "Ebony Eyes" included three weeks in the number one position. "Solitaire" first appeared on Neil Sedaka's 1972 UK album of the same name but did not make the charts until the Williams version was released the following year. Stevie Wonder's recording of "You Are the Sunshine of My Life" reached number one pop, number one Easy Listening, number three R&B, and number seven on the UK singles chart. "Last Tango in Paris" entered the "Billboard"
charts as an instrumental recording by Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass that reached number 77 pop and number 22 Easy Listening. "My Love" earned Paul McCartney & Wings four weeks in the top spot on the Hot 100, three weeks at number one Easy Listening, a number nine hit on the UK singles chart, and Gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America. 
In 1973 Herman's Hermits lead singer Peter Noone released "Getting over You" as a single, and a trio of albums featured recordings of some of the lesser-known songs here: "Remember" was first sung by Johnny Mathis on "Me and Mrs. Jones"; George Harrison's "That Is All" was included on "Living in the Material World"; and "The Dreamer" was recorded by its composer/lyricist, Nicky Hopkins, for "The Tin Man Was a Dreamer". "Make It Easy for Me" was eventually recorded by its composer/lyricist, Peter Skellern, for his 1975 album "Hold On to Love", which also featured the song "My Lonely Room", which Williams later recorded for his 1976 album "Andy".

</doc>
<doc id="30975124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975124" title="David Gwyn Williams">
David Gwyn Williams

Professor David Gwyn Williams, usually known simply as Gwyn Williams (1904-1990) was a Welsh poet, novelist, translator and academic.
He was born in Port Talbot and educated at the University College of Wales and Jesus College, Oxford. As an academic he taught at Cairo, Alexandria where he first became Professor of English Literature, Benghazi, and Istanbul. While in Egypt he befriended a number of expat writers including Lawrence Durrell. In Egypt he began to work on translations of Welsh poetry into English, pioneering works which were published during the 1950s. On his retirement in 1969 he returned to Wales and concentrated on writing, producing a series of novels, four travel books (including one in Welsh), and numerous other works. A fluent Welsh-speaker, he was a committed member of Plaid Cymru.
His friend John Ormond, produced his well-regarded 1972 and 1974 series on Welsh history, "The Land Remembers", for the BBC, which was accompanied by his book of the same title.
His autobiography, "ABC of (D.) G. W", was published in 1981, while his "Collected Poems, 1936-86" were published in 1987. Williams died in 1990 in Aberystwyth.
A full bibliography is being created at: www.gwynwilliams.org For permission to use any of his writings please use the contact details on this website.
As well as translations, poems, articles and reviews, Gwyn Williams published the following books:
"The Rent That’s Due to Love": an anthology of Welsh poetry (Letchworth: The Garden City Press,1950). 
"An Introduction to Welsh Poetry" (London: Faber and Faber, 1953). 
"In Defence of Woman" by William Cynwal. Translated by Gwyn Williams, engravings by John Petts London: Golden Cockerel Press, undated c.1955). 
"This Way To Lethe" (London: Faber and Faber, 1962) (novel).
"Green Mountain: an informal guide to Cyrenaica and its Jebel Akhdar" (London: Faber and Faber, 1963). 
"Turkey: A Traveller’s Guide and History" (London: Faber and Faber, 1967). 
"Inns of Love" (Swansea: Christopher Davies, 1970) (poems). 
"The Avocet" (Swansea, Christopher Davies, 1970) (novel).
"Eastern Turkey: a guide and history" (London: Faber and Faber, 1972).
"Welsh Poems: sixth century to 1600" (London: Faber and Faber, 1973).
"Foundation Stock" (Llandysul: Gomer Press, 1974) (poems).
"Twrci a’i Phobl" (Caerdydd: Gwasg Y Dref Wen, 1975).
"Two Sketches of Womanhood" (Llandybie: Christopher Davies, 1975) (novellas).
"Troelus a Chresyd" (Llandysul: Gwasg Gomer, 1976).
"To Look for a Word: collected translations from Welsh poetry" (Llandysul: Gomer Press, 1976).
"The Land Remembers: a view of Wales" (London: Faber and Faber, 1977).
"An Introduction to Welsh Literature" (Cardiff: University of Wales Press, 1978).
"Choose Your Stranger" (Port Talbot: Alun Books, 1979) (poems and translations).
"Y Ddefod Goll" (Port Talbot: Llyfrau Alun, 1980) (poems, and translations into Welsh from Turkish).
"Person and Persona: Studies in Shakespeare" (Cardiff: University of Wales Press, 1981).
"ABC of(D)GW: a kind of autobiography" (Llandysul: Gomer Press, 1981).
"Y Cloc Tywod" ((Talybont: Y Lolfa, 1984) (novel).
"Collected Poems 1936-1986" (Llandysul: Gomer Press, 1987). 
"Flyting in Egypt: the story of a verse war 1943-45" told by Gwyn Williams (Port Talbot: Alun Books,1991).
"An Introduction to Welsh Literature" (revised edition) (Cardiff: University of Wales Press, 1992). 
"Summer Journal 1951" (Aberystwyth: Planet, 2004) (edited and introduced by Teleri Williams and Lowri Gwilym).

</doc>
<doc id="30975135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975135" title="Council of Italy">
Council of Italy

The Council of Italy, officially, the Royal and Supreme Council of Italy (Spanish: Real y Supremo Consejo de Italia) was a ruling body and key part of the government of the Spanish Empire in Europe, second only to the monarch himself. It administered the Habsburg territories in Italy: the Kingdom of Naples, the Kingdom of Sicily, and the Duchy of Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="30975142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975142" title="Escobaria sneedii">
Escobaria sneedii

Escobaria sneedii (syn. "Coryphantha sneedii") is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Sneed's pincushion cactus and carpet foxtail cactus. It is native to the Chihuahuan Desert, where it occurs in scattered locations in New Mexico, Texas, and Chihuahua. Some plants occurring in Arizona may be included within this species. Botanical authors do not necessarily agree on the circumscription of this species. Most will agree at this point in the research, however, that there are two varieties of "Escobaria sneedii", and that both are rare and endangered. The plant is popular with cactus enthusiasts and dealers because of its often petite size and tolerance for moderately cold climates. They have been overharvested from their natural habitat, the main reason why the two varieties, var. "sneedii" and var. "leei", have been federally listed as endangered and threatened, respectively.
This is a small cactus growing up to about 27 centimeters tall, but sometimes revealing just a few centimeters above ground level, the rest of the stem buried. The species may branch profusely, even when small and immature. It is coated densely in patches of bright white spines; each patch may have nearly 100. Depending on the substrate, the spines may be tinted with yellow, pink, purple, or brown. They may have dark tips and as the cactus ages the spines darken to gray and even black. The shape of the spines separates the varieties: var. "sneedii" has straight spines that spread from the areole and var. "leei" has curved spines. The cactus blooms in spring, bearing flowers 1 to 3 centimeters long near the top of its body. The flower is variable in color. It can be bright to pale pink, white to off-white, greenish, or brownish in color. Each tepal may have a darker midstripe of most any color. The fruit is generally either red or green, usually tinged with other colors, and may be up to 2 centimeters long.
This cactus, particularly var. "sneedii" was heavily collected for the cactus trade starting in the 1920s when it was discovered. The var. "leei" also faced this threat. There was no need for this poaching, because the plant is easily propagated in the garden. Most authors believe that var. "leei" is a New Mexico endemic that only grows in Carlsbad Caverns National Park, and any "E. sneedii" outside the park are var. "sneedii". Threats to the species outside the national park include habitat loss. One example is the loss of a population of var. "sneedii" that occurred when a road was built connecting Las Cruces, New Mexico, and El Paso, Texas. 
A cactus described in the 1980s, "Escobaria guadalupensis", is sometimes included within this species. If it is not, then it appears to hybridize with it at times.

</doc>
<doc id="30975144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975144" title="Hesher">
Hesher

Hesher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30975163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975163" title="Recajo">
Recajo

Recajo is a village within Agoncillo municipality in La Rioja province in northern Spain. It is located south of a bend on the Ebro River, about 4 km to the west of Agoncillo.
Recajo has a population of 91 according to the 2010 census.
Aerodrome.
A military aerodrome was built in Recajo in 1923. It was first known as "Aeródromo de Recajo", but in 1932 when it was used by the Spanish Republican Air Force its official name was changed to "Aeródromo de Agoncillo". 
Located about 10 km from Logroño, after 1939 Recajo Air Base housed the "Maestranza Aérea de Logroño" of the Spanish Air Force with the "Regimiento de Bombardeo Nº 15, Escuadrón 110" that operated Heinkel He 111 bombers until the late 1950s. 
After the bomber squadrons were phased out, the aerodrome reverted to civilian use as the Logroño-Agoncillo Airport. It now has a smaller airstrip and houses a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="30975166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975166" title="Art Kunkin">
Art Kunkin

Art Kunkin is an American journalist, political organizer, machinist and New Age esotericist best known as the founding publisher and editor of the "Los Angeles Free Press". Born Arthur Glick Kunkin in New York City in 1928, he attended the prestigious Bronx High School of Science and the New School for Social Research, eventually becoming a tool and die maker and joining the Trotskyite movement as an organizer for the Socialist Workers Party, where he was business manager of the SWP paper, "The Militant." 
Beginning in the late 1940s Kunkin was associated with C.L.R. James and the radical Marxist Johnson-Forest Tendency. During the 1950s he was Los Angeles editor of their journals "Correspondence" and "News & Letters", while working as a master machinist and tool and die maker for Ford and General Motors. During this period a number of theoreticians and organizers of the Johnson-Forest trend (including Raya Dunayevskaya, Martin Glaberman, Grace Lee Boggs and James Boggs) were concentrated in the auto industry in Detroit, where they worked to recruit black workers and gain influence inside the auto workers' unions. 
In 1962 Kunkin left General Motors to go back to college and work toward a graduate degree. Soon afterward he had his first experience with a local newspaper on the staff of a Mexican-American paper in Los Angeles called the "East L.A. Almanac". "For the first time in my life I was writing about garbage collection and all kinds of community problems," he later recalled. Meanwhile he was also doing political radio commentaries for KPFK Pacifica Radio while serving as the Southern California district leader of the Socialist Party. 
In May 1964 he produced the first trial issue of the "LA Free Press" as a one-shot distributed at the Renaissance Pleasure Faire and May Market, a fund-raising event for KPFK. The response was favorable enough for Kunkin to start publishing the "Freep" (as it came to be called) on a regular basis starting in July. The core group of volunteers and supporters who got involved in the paper included people from KPFK, the bohemian crowd that hung out at the Papa Bach bookstore, and The Fifth Estate, a Sunset Strip coffee house which provided office space for the "Freep" in its basement. The paper soon became a nerve center of the burgeoning hippie scene. The atmosphere at the "Freep" was described by a reporter for "Esquire": "Kids, dogs, cats, barefoot waifs, teeny-boppers in see-through blouses, assorted losers, strangers, Indian chiefs wander in and out, while somewhere a radio plays endless rock music and people are loudly paged over an intercom system. It's all very friendly and rather charming and ferociously informal."
Launched on a shoestring budget, the "Free Press" struggled for years. By 1969 circulation had exploded to 100,000 copies, but legal problems stemming from publication of a list of names of undercover drug agents put the "Freep" in a precarious financial position just as it was expanding its operations to include a printing plant, a typesetting firm and a small chain of bookstores. Underpaid staff members left in two waves of defections to form the competing newspapers "Tuesday's Child" and "The Staff". By 1972 Kunkin and the paper were deep in debt to the very pornographers whose advertising had been the source of the paper's profits, and Kunkin lost control of the paper and was fired, rehired, and fired again, as the paper spiraled slowly into oblivion, paralleling the nationwide decline of the underground press.
Kunkin's post-"Free Press" career began with a stint as a professor of journalism at California State University, Northridge, followed by several years as president of the Philosophical Research Society in Los Angeles, an esoteric mystical group founded by Manly Palmer Hall. This was followed by an apprenticeship in alchemy at the Paracelsus Research Society in Salt Lake City, where he edited their journal "Essentia". He later became a lecturer in alchemy and other New Age topics at the Institute for Mentalphysics retreat center near Joshua Tree, and a columnist for the Desert Valley Star.

</doc>
<doc id="30975171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975171" title="Union Trust Bank">
Union Trust Bank

Union Trust Bank (UTB), whose full name is Union Trust Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Sierra Leone. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Sierra Leone, the banking regulator in that country.
Overview.
The bank is a small, but growing, financial services provider in Sierra Leone. , the bank's total assets were valued at approximately US$51.3 million (SLL:219.5 billion), with an estimated shareholders' equity of approximately US$11.9 million (SLL:50.8 billion). In November 2013, the bank was the fourth largest commercial bank in the country by assets. At that time, its total customer base stood at 66,947.
History.
UTB was founded in 1995 by Sierra Leonean individuals and corporations and was registered as a limited liability company. It began offering banking services following the issuance of a commercial banking license by the Bank of Sierra Leone. The initial capital investment of US$345,000 (SLL:1.5 billion), was increased to US$690,000 (SLL:3 billion) in 2004.
Ownership.
Union Trust Bank is a privately owned company. The exact shareholding in the stock of the bank is not publicly known at this time.
Branch Network.
, UTB maintains branches at the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="30975185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975185" title="Zero Hora">
Zero Hora

Zero Hora is a Brazilian newspaper based in the city of Porto Alegre, the sixth biggest of the country. It is edited by Grupo RBS.
Inquiry on Grupo RBS oligopoly / monopoly practicing.
The RBS Group is being investigated by the practice of oligopoly / monopoly. In 2008, the Federal Prosecutor of Santa Catarina has filed a public civil action (Case No.. 2008.72.00.014043-5) against the company oligopoly Rede Brasil Sul (RBS) in southern Brazil. The MPF requires the company, among other measures, to reducing its number of TV and radion stations in the states of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul, so that to be in according to the Brazilian law; and the cancellation of the purchase of the newspaper A Notícia from Joinville, consummated in 2006 - which resulted in a virtual monopoly over the relevant newspapers in the state of Santa Catarina. 
In 2009, the Federal Prosecutor in Canoas (RS), Pedro Antonio Roso, asked the chairman of the RBS Group, Nelson Pacheco Sirotsky, among other informations, the number of TV and radio stations that the company owns in Rio Grande do Sul, "as well as its affiliates, stations and repeaters." The request is part of an administrative proceeding brought by federal prosecutors "to determine possible occurrence of monopolistic practices and irregularities in granting Radio and Television to the RBS Group in Rio Grande do Sul".

</doc>
<doc id="30975187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975187" title="Our Last Best Chance">
Our Last Best Chance

Our Last Best Chance: The Pursuit of Peace in a Time of Peril (Arabic: فرصتنا الأخيرة: السعي نحو السلام في وقت الخطر ) is a book written by King Abdullah II of Jordan and published by Viking Press in New York City. The book is available in eight languages, highlights King Abdullah's vision towards resolving the Arab–Israeli conflict, as well as the challenges facing the Middle East.
Book contents.
In “Our Last Best Chance”, King Abdullah writes as both a monarch bestowing wisdom from above and as a man whose life has been intertwined with war and making the case for peace.
The memoir opens during the 1967 war, when the King, then a toddler, is dared by his brother to race across the lawn in the middle of an Israeli air raid. An explosion reverberates in the distance and the then-crown prince runs back into the house without having reached the other side. The incident serves as a potent symbol: Unsolved, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict looms over the region, threatening to disrupt daily life at a moment’s notice.
The King goes on to detail his formative years, from staring down anti-Arab stereotypes at a US boarding school to his military career in Zarqa and proposing to Rania Yassin on Tal Rumman.
In the first two parts of the memoir, which covers the King’s childhood up to his ascension to the Throne, King Hussein looms large, offering his son lessons in honour and diplomacy while steering Jordan through uncertain waters.
When King Hussein falls ill, and the line of succession unexpectedly falls to the author, King Abdullah provides an intimate account of how he faced the sudden responsibility of becoming King while coming to terms with his father’s death. Upon ascending to the Throne, overhauling the country’s economy was a top priority, the King writes, listing Jordan’s membership in the World Trade Organisation and the US Free Trade Agreement among his top achievements in his first years.
King Abdullah goes on to highlight Jordanian success stories, including Maktoob.com, Rubicon, the King’s Academy, the King Abdullah Design Bureau, the domestic film industry and the peaceful nuclear program, taking clear pride in each as a success for the country, each innovation as a step forward in the Kingdom’s development process. But, as the King notes, governance is not as orderly as the army. Directives go unheeded, deadlines are missed and rather than bullets or mortars, progress is threatened by excuses and delays.
Despite the initial progress on the economic front, King Abdullah candidly admits that political development in the Kingdom over the past decade has at times been “two steps forward, one step back”.
“Some have resisted change out of fear of losing privileges they have long enjoyed, while others simply lacked imagination,” King Abdullah writes.
“Some officials did not have the courage to push forward with difficult changes.”
The Monarch goes on to note a “dysfunctional” relationship between executive and legislative authorities, “hindering efforts to address broader social and economic issues”. He notes that such tensions and the public’s loss of faith in the 15th Parliament in 2009 led to its dissolution.
While delving into affairs at home, the memoir also sheds light on life as the head of state in a dangerous neighbourhood. The country is tested by the fallout of the US invasion of Iraq, followed by the Lebanon-Israeli conflict and the war on Gaza.
The King notes that in each conflict, Jordan played a role larger than its size, sending medical aid and field hospitals, organizing aid convoys, repairing airports and hosting thousands of refugees.
“Our Last Best Chance” goes on to highlight Jordan’s role in combating takfiri ideology and clarifying the true nature of Islam through the Amman Message.
In the closing chapters, the King focuses on the peace process: warning that the negotiations launched by the Obama administration in late 2009 may be the last call for a region that has been disappointed time and time again by diplomatic failures, Israeli intransigence and violent provocations.
The King details the hurdles facing the launch of negotiations, including pressure from Arab states to revoke the Arab Peace Initiative over the Gaza war and the unsure partner in peace in Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The King warns that at the time of printing, hopes for a breakthrough were fading and negotiations were “on the verge of collapse”. Indeed, talks have since derailed, and the forecasts for a return to the negotiating table have been less than promising.
Reflecting on King Hussein’s four decades and his own 11-year pursuit of peace, the Monarch voices hope that Crown Prince Hussein will not have to face the lingering effects of a conflict whose resolution has eluded generations.
In order to end the impasse, the Monarch touts the “57-state solution”, or the Arab Peace Initiative, whereby Arab and Muslim states agree to normalize relations with Israel in return for occupied lands and a Palestinian state on 1967 borders.
The King remains blunt about the current situation: “I fear that we are slipping into the darkness.”
Despite the talk of benchmarks and roadmaps, the King argues that leaders and politicians must bear the responsibility of making the “much eroded dream” of peace come true.
In the book, the King uses plain language to explain the complex past, present and future of the region, choosing the steady tone of a commander rather than the prose of a politician.
While largely steering away from the sentimental, the Monarch does offer some intimate accounts of larger-than-life figures; dynamite fishing with Uday and Qusay Hussein, disagreements with former US President George Bush and Yasser Arafat’s escape from Jordan in the guise of a woman.
The King also delves into his relationship with family members, telling of parachuting with Princess Aisha and the tensions raised by the question of the line of succession.
Despite the insightful asides, the memoir’s lasting impressions are lessons from a man and a country who although have been blessed to live in peace and security are touched by the conflicts of its neighbours.
More than a personal history, the King’s first book serves as a message for Washington policy makers, Israeli politicians and Arab leaders to sit up, take notice and not miss “our last, best chance”.
Reviews.
"The Globe and Mail" published a supportive but also mixed review by Michael D. Bell, a scholar in international diplomacy at the University of Windsor. Bell stated that he found "value and veracity in much of" the book, and he commented as well that the King "may prove as successful as his father, if not more so." Bell criticized the book for the lack of detail about the King's important relationship with his mother, Princess Muna, and his English grandfather, Tony Gardner, as well as for displaying a "paternalism... by personalizing good governance in a single all-powerful individual."
"The Spectator" published a positive review by journalist Justin Marozzi. Marozzi referred to it as an "engrossing book" that "avowedly mixes the personal with the political." Marozzi highlighted in particular the King's depiction of him and his four brothers as the five fingers on a hand- with the King saying "If you are well-meaning, we extend the hand of friendship; but when outsiders try to harm the family, we band together and become a fist."
References.
Official page on Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/OurLastBestChance

</doc>
<doc id="30975188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975188" title="Council of Portugal">
Council of Portugal

The Council of Portugal, officially, the Royal and Supreme Council of Portugal (Portuguese: Real e Supremo Conselho de Portugal; Spanish: Real y Supremo Consejo de Portugal) was the ruling body and a key part of the government of the Kingdom of Portugal during the Iberian Union. The council was founded in 1582 by Philip I of Portugal following the model of the Council of Castile. It provided Portugal with a large degree of autonomy from the king in Madrid.
Apart from administering the Kingdom of Portugal and the Algarves, the council administered Portugal's colonial empire.
The council ceased to exist after the Portuguese Restoration War.

</doc>
<doc id="30975264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975264" title="1967 Grand National">
1967 Grand National

The 1967 Grand National was the 121st renewal of the world-famous Grand National steeplechase that took place at Aintree Racecourse near Liverpool, England, on 8 April 1967. The race is best remembered for being won by rank outsider Foinavon at odds of 100/1, after being the only horse to avoid a mêlée at the 23rd fence and jump it at the first attempt.
Much of the early stages of the race were inconsequential, with 28 of the 44 competitors having safely cleared the 22nd fence, Becher's Brook on the second circuit. One horse, Vulcano, had been injured in a fall at the third fence and was euthanised.
However, the most dramatic moment of the race, and perhaps of Grand National history, came when a loose horse — Popham Down, who had been hampered and unseated his rider at the first fence — veered dramatically to his right at the 23rd fence, slamming into Rutherfords, unseating its jockey Johnny Leech. A pile-up ensued. Rondetto, Norther, Kirtle Lad, Princeful, Leedsy and other horses hit the ground, then began running up and down the fence preventing others from jumping and bringing the whole race effectively to a halt. Some even began running in the wrong direction, back the way they had come.
The undistinguished Foinavon, whose owner had such little faith in him that he had travelled to Worcester on race day instead, had been lagging so far behind that his jockey, John Buckingham, had sufficient time to steer his mount wide of the mêlée and find a small gap in the fence to jump cleanly on the outside.
Being the only horse over the 23rd at the first attempt, Buckingham found himself with a surprise lead of 30 lengths. Although 17 jockeys remounted to give chase and some did make up considerable ground, especially Josh Gifford on 15/2 favourite Honey End, none had time to catch Foinavon before he crossed the finishing post 15 lengths clear. His success paid out a record 444/1 on the Tote.
After the race, commentator Michael O'Hehir suggested that with obstacles like Becher's Brook and Valentine's, the 23rd might one day be named after Foinavon. In 1984, the Aintree executive officially named the fence (the smallest on the course at 4 ft 6 in) the "Foinavon fence".
As part of the BBC's coverage of the 2010 Grand National, jockey John Buckingham described some of the extraordinary circumstances of his win in an interview. Three jockeys had turned down Foinavon prior to the race (his price the day before the National was 500/1), but Buckingham took up the opportunity to ride in the famous steeplechase. With a clear view of the mêlée at the 23rd, Foinavon was almost hampered by Honey End, whose jockey had remounted, turned around and was ready to attempt to jump the fence. At the next obstacle, the Canal Turn, Buckingham looked back in disbelief at the clear lead he held with just six fences remaining. After passing the elbow on the run-in, he got a final burst of energy from Foinavon, and later reflected: "Then there was no doubt, I knew I won it. I was absolutely over the moon."
1967 was also the year when Red Rum made his first appearance at Aintree, as a two-year-old in a five-furlong sprint, finishing in a dead-heat for first the day before the National. Ten years later, he would return to the same racecourse to secure his unprecedented third Grand National title.

</doc>
<doc id="30975270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975270" title="Trigonospila brevifacies">
Trigonospila brevifacies

Trigonospila brevifacies is a species of true fly in the family Tachinidae native to eastern Australia. Like the vast majority of tachinid flies, "T. brevifacies" is a parasitoid of other insects, specifically late larval stages of a number of species of Lepidoptera. It is also known as the Australian Leaf-Roller Fly or Leafroller Fly.
Distribution.
"T. brevifacies" is native to the eastern states of Australia and has been collected from Tasmania, New South Wales, Victoria, and southern Queensland. "T. brevifacies" is also present in New Zealand as it was introduced to control a number of agricultural pests.
Identification.
Like all "Trigonospila" species, "T. brevifacies" can be recognised by its distinctive markings. They are primarily black with pearly whitish to golden transverse bars on the thorax and abdomen.
"T. brevifacies" is frequently confused with "T. cingulata" in locations where both species co-occur. "T. cingulata" appears to much more common than "T. brevifacies", particularly in Queensland, New South Wales, and the Australian Capital Territory. It is believed T. cingulata is a parasitoid of chrysomelid beetle larvae in the genus Paropsis, which are abundant herbivores in many Australian environments. Only "T. brevifacies" is known to be present in New Zealand.
"T. brevifacies" can be easily distinguished from "T. cingulata" by colouration of the abdomen. The black and white abdominal markings of "T. cingulata" are continuous, crisp stripes from the dorsal to ventral sides of the abdomen, whereas the black markings of "T. brevifacies" typically are more or less triangular spots on the anterior margin of each the third, fourth, and fifth abdominal tergites which may or may not be quite diffused. The sides of the abdomen in both sexes of "T. brevifacies" are yellow.
Biocontrol.
"T. brevifacies" is an economically important parasitoid of a number of larvae of Lepidoptera and has been deployed in New Zealand as a biocontrol agent of a number of pest species including the light brown apple moth "Epiphyas postvittana" (Lepidoptera : Tortricidae) and the potato tuber moth "Phthorimaea operculella" (Lepidoptera : Gelechiidae). "T. brevifacies" was initially introduced to New Zealand to control the light brown apple moth "Epiphyas postvittana" and released a number of times between 1967 and 1973 to control a number of other pests. Of the 18 confirmed and published hosts (below), at least 10 are known pests in agriculture or forestry.
Host range.
"T. brevifacies" is the only species of "Trigonospila" for which substantial host records exist. The species is polyphagous and known to parasitise at least 18 species of Lepidoptera in 8 families. Some of these are non target species and "T. brevifacies" is found to compete with many native parasitods 
Carposinidae
Gelechiidae
Geometridae
Tortricidae
Oecophoricae
Pterophoridae
Pyralidae
Stathmopodidae

</doc>
<doc id="30975273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975273" title="Dikorfo">
Dikorfo

Dikorfo (, also Δικόρυφο - "Dikoryfo") is a small village in the region of Epirus in Greece. The village belongs to the area of Zagori, which consists of 43 traditional villages in the Pindus mountains.
The village's population fluctuates seasonally, from 50 in the winter to 300 in the summer. This is due to the village's location as a tourist destination.

</doc>
<doc id="30975280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975280" title="John Appel">
John Appel

John George Appel (1859–1929) was an Australian politician, lawyer, and farmer. He served from 1908-1929 as a delegate for the electoral district of Albert and from 1909-1915 as the Secretary of Mine and Public Works and Home Secretary of Queensland.
John George Appel was born on 15 March 1859 in Brisbane, Queensland, to George Appel and Maria Jane Appel, née Haussmann. He received his education first at Brisbane Normal School on Adelaide Street in Brisbane and then at the Brisbane Grammar School. After further instruction at a private school run by Reverend D. A’Court, he passed the preliminary bar examination for solicitors and was articled to G.V. Hellicar, of the law firm Thompson & Hellicar, on 3 June 1875. After five years, he passed his finals and was admitted to the bar on 3 August 1880. On 18 March 1879, he had married Ruth Sutherland, the daughter of James Sutherland of Brisbane.
Appel practiced law in Brisbane for some time until moving to Ipswich, Queensland as a partner of James Howard Gill, who had previously married Appel’s sister, Annie Louise. In 1885 Gill became a crown solicitor and Appel continued the practice alone until 1887, when bad health forced him to Townsville. Appel was a mason and in 1888-1889, while living in Townsville, he was master of the North Australian Lodge No. 1, United Grand Lodge of Queensland.
Political and farming career.
In 1889 Appel quit the practice of law for good and moved to a farm in Nerang, at Glencoe, where he both farmed and operated a dairy. During this time he owned two houses, one at Hamilton and one at Elston, near his farm. He quickly became involved in local politics at Hamilton, serving on the Hamilton Shire Council from 1890 to 1908 and as chairman twice during that period. He also served as Hamilton’s mayor two times, and was on the Nerang Shire Council from 1902 to 1908. In addition, he was active in the agricultural community as president of the Southport Horticultural and Agricultural Association and member of the Queensland Fish Board.
During his career as a local politician, Appel made several attempts to transition to national politics, first standing for the electorate of Nundah as an Independent Liberal Democrat in 1893 and then again in 1907 for the electorate of Albert, losing both campaigns. In February 1908, however, he won the seat of Albert and held it until his death in 1929.
On 29 October 1908 he became Secretary for Mines and Public Works under Premier William Kidston and then became Home Secretary instead on 29 June 1909. On 22 October 1909 he once again received the Mines portfolio and was both Mines Secretary and Home Secretary until 26 February 1915 when, due to a disagreement with then-Premier Digby Denham, he resigned. During his time in the ministry, his most significant achievements were health legislation and codification of the Local Authorities Act.
He next became involved in the Queensland Farmers' Union, the forerunner of the Country Party of Australia, and led it in the Legislative Assembly from 1915 until 1918.
On 19 March 1929, he died at Clayfield and was buried in South Brisbane Cemetery. He left behind his wife Ruth, two daughters, and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="30975282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975282" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants (Lebanon)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants (Lebanon)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants is the Lebanese government ministry in charge of the country's foreign affairs and maintaining relations with its large emigrant communities.

</doc>
<doc id="30975294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975294" title="Faith and Action">
Faith and Action

Faith and Action in the Nation’s Capital is a Christian outreach organization ministering to top-level government officials. The organizational headquarters is located in Washington, D.C. across the street from the east façade of the United States Supreme Court. From there, they provide numerous personal ministries to elected officials and their staff, conduct worship services, sponsor religious oriented events, as well as providing media commentary on faith issues that are interwoven within governmental and legal matters. Faith and Action also serves as a resource on questions of church and state.
Purpose.
Faith and Action is an ecumenical ministry which represents common Christian beliefs and values. They state that their organizational statement-of-faith is the historic Apostles' Creed. The mission statement on their website, “Faith and Action” states that their purpose is “to challenge the minds and consciences of public policy makers with the mandate given by Christ in the two Great Commandments, ‘You shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength,’ and ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ (Matthew 22:36-40 KJV)
Birth of Faith and Action.
In August 1994, President Rev. Rob Schenck moved from Tonawanda (Buffalo area), New York where he served as Minister of Missions and Evangelism at the New Covenant Tabernacle to Washington D.C. to begin an outreach to policy makers. His first assignment in Washington was to organize a church fellowship. He started the National Community Church. In early 1996, Schenck passed the mantle to Mark Batterson and began to concentrate fully on his outreach ministry to policy makers. Initially known as “Operation Save Our Nation” it became known as “Faith and Action in the Nation’s Capital” or simply “Faith and Action”. In 2000, an ordaining council of the Come Alive New Testament Church of Medford, New Jersey officially commissioned Rev. Schenck as a missionary to Capitol Hill.
Mission.
Description.
Faith and Action is a Christian outreach to top-level government officials located in Washington, DC, throughout the United States and around the world. They seek to base their outreach on a personal relationship with the person targeted.
Relationships.
Faith and Action states that the way they seek to accomplish their purpose of engaging the hearts and minds of government officials is “through building personal relationships with individuals serving in government, engaging in private and public conversation and debate, distributing Scripture and informative materials and staging special events such as panel discussions, symposia, news conferences, seminars and prayer, worship and preaching services.”
Faith and Action seeks to include the media, electronic communications, the Internet and church leadership. Because church leadership and preaching is integral to the way they support and promulgate their message, Faith and Action believes in and works hard to build strong alliances with all like-minded individuals, groups, religious communities, churches, organizations and institutions. Faith and Action is a non-denominational outreach organization working with Evangelical, mainline Protestant, Catholic, Orthodox and other groups to promote Christian viewpoints among government, law, and policymakers.
Methodology.
Schenck, the founder of Faith and Action, says their desire is to “win the hearts and minds of those who make public policy” and also that Faith and Action is “a Christian outreach whose mission is to reintroduce the Word of God into the public debate surrounding legislation and policy matters." Faith and Action targets elected officials, government employees, Supreme Court justices and clerks, and other government personnel.
Faith and Action is a registered tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code, section 501(c)3.
The Honorable William Ostrowski House.
The organization itself is headquartered in the Honorable William J. Ostrowski House, named for the retired New York State Supreme Court judge and long-time supporter of the Schenck brothers’ efforts. The 19th Century Victorian Row House sits directly across from East Façade of the U.S. Supreme Court building at 109 2nd Street, NE. A notable feature of the ministry office is a granite sculpture depicting the Ten Commandments displayed in the building’s front garden. The most noticeable non-architectural feature is what Rob Schenck calls “our two story Gospel tract”. This is the often-changing 20 foot banners that hang above the buildings front door and proclaim scriptural messages to passersby and attenders of the Supreme Court.
Cora Bieber Garden at F&A.
Another feature of the property is the Cora Bieber Garden, named for Lancaster Pennsylvania’s Cora Bieber who was extremely active in the Global Aid Network as well as Faith and Action. In 2007, Global Aid Network and her family dedicated the Garden after Cora’s passing from a rare bone marrow disease.
Louis and Tina Kayatin Prayer Garden.
The Louis and Tina Kayatin Prayer Garden is a public full season garden around the rear of the building with a sitting area and umbrellas, set aside for prayer and meditation. Flowers are planted in varieties that bloom at various times of the season create a sense of beauty and peace for the full growing season.
The Ten Commandments Garden Statue.
A notable feature of the ministry office is a granite sculpture depicting the Ten Commandments displayed in the building’s front garden. On Memorial Day in 2006, the monument was placed in the front of the building, readily noticeable from the street.
Ten Commandments Project.
The Ten Commandments Project is an ongoing operation of Faith and Action. Faith and Action's motto is "bringing the word of God to bear on the hearts and minds of those who make public policy in America." One of its goals is to "restore the moral foundations of our American culture" through placing Ten Commandments displays in public buildings.
Created in 1995, Faith and Action’s Ten Commandments Project has given over 400 plaques depicting the Ten Commandments to members of Congress and other highly placed officials, including former presidents Clinton and Bush. Special delegations made up of clergy and lay people make the presentations during ceremonies held in the recipients’ offices. The agenda includes a short speech describing religion as the foundational basis of morality and law, a reading of the Commandments in their entirety, and prayers. The official is then given an inscribed wooden plaque on which is mounted two stone polymer tablets containing a summary of the Ten Commandments. Recipients are urged to “display and obey” the Ten Commandments.
Schenck chose to promote the Ten Commandments because he believes that they have a universal and enduring nature and that they are fundamental to morality.
Pro-Life work.
Faith and Action is a member of the National Pro Life Religious Council and is involved in the various Pro-life activities and events in DC as well as Rev. Schenck’s personal ministry. Faith and Action’s Pro-life stand encompasses the gamut of issues. Not only is Faith and Action a major sponsor the National Memorial for the Preborn and Their Mothers and Fathers (the only full scale prayer and preaching service held annually inside the U.S. Capitol), Rev. Schenck participated in the events surrounding Terri Schiavo. 
Among other things, Schenck traveled to Florida to try to prevent Schiavo from being allowed to die, including publicly calling for police to prevent the same. He was also a signatory of a letter to President George Bush and Florida Gov. Jeb Bush by national pro-life leaders. In 2005, Faith and Action intervened in the case of Susan Torres; a brain-dead pregnant woman being kept on life support so that she could give birth. Faith and Action served as the clearinghouse for the outpouring of donations to the Torres family.
National Memorial for the Preborn.
In 1995, Rev. Schenck organized the first National Memorial for the Preborn and their Mothers and Fathers. This Memorial is a religious service against abortion. This quickly became a prominent pro-life event held inside the US Capitol complex in Washington, DC. Originally a program of the National Clergy Council, the event has now been renamed the National Pro-Life Clergy Conference and is sponsored by the National Pro-Life Religious Council. The NPRC is led by prominent pro-life leader Fr. Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life and a trustee of Schenck’s Faith and Action. Rev. Schenck and his staff continue to have major roles and responsibilities associated with the event.
The Nativity Project.
In 2005 Faith and Action ministry began sponsoring a Capitol Hill Nativity Scene during the Christmas season. This was set in the front of the Faith and Action Center on second Street across from the Supreme Court. In 2010, they begin a “Live Nativity” scene where the characters and animals will be living and in costume.
More than this, Faith and Action co-sponsors, with the Christian Defense Coalition and Operation Nativity (an effort by the Rev. Dr. Charles Nestor of Lakeland, Florida). “The Nativity Project” by encouraging Christian individuals and organizations to request and place Nativity Scenes in front of Public buildings."
Annual Events.
Included in these events are the regular seasonal events that are sponsored by Faith and Action. These are in confluence with the Christian calendar
Ministry.
The Faith and Action work is directly religious in nature. While Faith and Action speaks out on issues of religious significance, they perform activities that are more in keeping with a church. Rev. Schenk used a ritual of blessing and prayer to seek divine guidance for the committee and the jurist during the confirmation hearings of Supreme Court Justices Samuel Alito. and Sonja Sotomayor A similar anointing and prayer ritual was used to seek God’s guidance for President Obama when Rev. Schenck anointed the doorway to the inauguration through which the president elect would walk to the Inaugural stage. This was part of a 19 day effort of prayer and fasting for Obama and his presidency. This was a continuation of official prayer for the new president that began with President George W. Bush’s Second term.
Activism.
Monument relocation from Ohio.
In May 2009, Rev. Schenck joined Republican Rep. Jean Schmidt and other Ohio leaders help relocate a Ten Commandments sculpture. The 3-foot by 3-foot granite sculpture, which weighs 850 pounds, is one of four monuments removed by federal court order from the fronts of public schools in rural Adams County, Ohio. The monument was place in a prominent position on private property. The site also includes a flower garden and flagpole. The flag raised was one which had been previously flown above the U.S. Capitol building. The monument is identical to the one situated in the front of the Faith and Action ministry center on Capitol Hill.
Miscellaneous.
Rev. Schenck appeared briefly in the Alexandra Pelosi documentary about the Evangelical movement, "Friends of God: A Road Trip with Alexandra Pelosi."

</doc>
<doc id="30975298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975298" title="RISC OS Open">
RISC OS Open

RISC OS Open Ltd. (also referred to as ROOL) is a limited company engaged in computer software and IT consulting. It is managing the process of publishing the source code to RISC OS. Company founders include staff who formerly worked for Pace, the company which acquired RISC OS after Acorn's demise.
The source code publication is facilitated by a shared source initiative (SSI) between ROOL and Castle Technology (CTL). ROOL hopes that by making the RISC OS source code available for free it will help stimulate development of both the RISC OS source code and the platform as a whole.
A development version of has been available for the BeagleBoard and related hardware since early 2009.
Operations.
ROOL set initial goals to make the source code easily available (on the web), and also to establish a wiki, forum and bug tracker. These have been available since December 2006.
Operations exist to facilitate tasks related to ROOL's goals. Additionally, staff undertake development work on the code themselves. Since early 2009, ownership, development and sales of the tools were transferred to RISC OS Open. As a development from the initial goals, in 2011 ROOL introduced a bounty scheme to encourage further development.
Attendance at computer shows is often arranged, with other knowledgeable coders sometimes standing in when ROOL staff are unavailable. A Facebook page was created in 2012.
Forum.
Discussions of a technical and more general nature take place on the forum. A thread entitled "Let's get started with a Pandora port" witnessed discussion of porting to the Cortex-A8 used in the Pandora handheld game console. The thread was started in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30975321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975321" title="Les amis du bus des femmes">
Les amis du bus des femmes

Les amis du bus des femmes is a French association established in 1990 by former sex workers as a support group for sex workers. 
The original initiative stemmed from a need to educate sex workers on AIDS. It quickly became established as a bridging organisation between sex workers on the street and the provision of medical, social and administrative services. Its Paris headquarters is open daily to the population it serves. In addition it has six permanent mobile units (buses) operating day and night in the areas frequented by sex workers in the capital, staffed by organisational and health professionals.
The principal mission of the association, whose administration consists of both sex workers and non-sex workers, is to work with and for sex workers to prevent HIV, hepatitis and sexually transmitted diseases. They distribute condoms and encourage sex workers to visit the office to get help with administrative, medical, and social needs, and conducts job searches for those who decide to transition out of sex work. Emphasis is placed on helping workers access their health, social and human rights. The objective is to enable workers to develop an environment that supports an active role for them in stating their needs and demands. In working with and for sex workers, the association fights against discrimination, social exclusion and human trafficking.
The association opposes abolitionism and its objective to eradicate sex work, and recognizes that some women have freely chosen to engage in sex work and that that choice must be respected. The association deals with both voluntary and involuntary sex workers, such as those trafficked from Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia.
Currently the association has fourteen employees including doctors and nurses, facilitators and an employment counsellor. It is funded from government grants which are allocated by agencies such as DDASS Paris (Direction départementale des Affaires sanitaires et sociales), the Paris conseil général, the CPAM de Paris (Caisse primaire d'assurance maladie) and the Conseil régional.
The association has been politically active, for instance opposing the Sarkozy laws on solicitation. Claude Boucher appeared for them before the senate hearings.

</doc>
<doc id="30975343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975343" title="United Liberal National Party (MIAK)">
United Liberal National Party (MIAK)

The United Liberal National Party (, "Miatsyal Azatakan Azgayin Kusaktsutyun"), also known by its Armenian initials (, "MIAK"), is a political party in Yerevan, Armenia established in 2007. MIAK advocates the ideology of national liberalism. 
It is a party of centre-right in Armenia.
Parliamentary elections.
Having announced the goal to present a political presence and form a new political agenda through the election process, MIAK has conducted its pre-election campaign by throwing into the political arena a fundamental reforms program, based on which the Armenia Second Generation Reforms agenda was formed. This agenda subsequently found its place both in government's program and in President Serge Sargsyan's pre - election program.
Even though in the first election campaign MIAK did not collect the number of votes necessary to appear in the National Assembly of Armenia, the party and its young members were able to present a serious political presence.At the Armenian parliamentary elections on May 12, 2007, the party won 0.20% of popular votes and no seats. As a result current President of Armenia, Serge Sargsyan, involved anumber of young professionals from MIAK in the public administration system of Armenia. MIAK was very active during the Presidential election campaign in 2008 and unprecedented the program called «Door to door». This entailed 300 "MIAK" activists visiting more than 240,000 apartments in the capital Yerevan and presenting 10 reasons as the new President of the Republic of Armenia.
Youth.
MIAK is party mainly composed of young people that cooperates with and supports numerous youth and student organizations in implementing different projects, initiatives, and ideas. Through this cooperation MIASIN (, Together) youth movement was created.
Membership.
Any Armenian citizen 18 years old or more who accepts the MIAK Charter can voluntarily become a MIAK member. Already registered MIAK members cannot be a member of any other party.
Any individual who have Armenian voting rights can become a member of MIAK with a limitation of not being able to become elected to MIAK governing and supervisory bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="30975363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975363" title="Radoslav Augustín">
Radoslav Augustín

Radoslav Augustín (born 5 January 1987) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for FC Nitra, on loan from ŠK Slovan Bratislava.
1. FC Tatran Prešov.
In winter 2013, Augustín joined Slovak side Tatran Prešov on a one-year loan from ŠK Slovan Bratislava. 

</doc>
<doc id="30975375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975375" title="Howard County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Howard County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Howard County Courthouse in Cresco, Iowa, United States was built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
When Howard County was organized in 1855 the county judge named Vernon Springs to be the county seat. Later in the year he ordered that the court and all county records be moved to Howard Center. New Oregon wanted the county seat there, but Pikes Peak was chosen by a committee instead. A courthouse was built there in 1859. As the county grew a new courthouse was needed and Cresco made a bid to build it in their town. The county board of supervisors accepted the bid and a courthouse was built there in 1876. It was destroyed in a fire and the present courthouse was begun in 1879 and completed a year later. The Italianate structure was built of red and buff colored bricks. Two additions were made to the building in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="30975379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975379" title="Falesa Pitoi">
Falesa Pitoi

Dr. Falesa Pitoi is a Tuvaluan politician.
A dentist by profession, he began his career in national politics when he was elected to Parliament in the August 2006 general election as MP for Nanumaga. He then served for a time as Minister for Education under Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia.
He was re-elected in the September 2010 general election. In December of that year, Prime Minister Maatia Toafa was ousted in a motion of no confidence. Dr. Pitoi supported Toafa's opponent, Willy Telavi, who became Prime Minister and appointed Pitoi as Minister for Education, Youth and Sport.
In January 2013, he was taken ill while on a visit to Cuba, and was hospitalised. Although he subsequently travelled to New Zealand, by April he had not returned to Tuvalu, and was reportedly still too ill to resume his duties. His absence potentially left the government short of a workable parliamentary majority. The government had not convened Parliament since the death of Finance Minister Lotoala Metia in December 2012; with Pitoi absent, it had only six active MPs to the Opposition's seven. He remained out of the country, reportedly recovering, in July 2013, when the government was ordered by Governor-General Sir Iakoba Italeli to reconvene Parliament and allow a motion of no confidence to be tabled. Following Prime Minister Telavi's removal by the Governor General on 1 August in the context of a political crisis (Telavi had sought to govern without the support of Parliament), Pitoi (still outside the country) and the rest of Cabinet were voted out of office a day later by Parliament, where the opposition now had a clear majority.
Foreign Affairs Minister Taukelina Finikaso said in September 2013 that the Tuvaluan Parliament was looking at a possible by-election for Pitoi's seat following his long absence. In December 2013, Governor-General Iakoba Italeli declared a by-election for the Nanumaga constituency seat following a medical report on Dr Pitoi's health.

</doc>
<doc id="30975399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975399" title="Parihar (disambiguation)">
Parihar (disambiguation)

Parihar is a clan which is part of many communities including Yadavs, Rajputs, Gurjars and Jats.

</doc>
<doc id="30975407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975407" title="Michael Goldie">
Michael Goldie

Michael Goldie (26 February 1932, Edmonton, London – 17 June 2013, France) was a British character actor active between 1963 and 1996.
He starred or appeared in numerous television serials including "Coronation Street", "Doctor Who" (in the serials "The Dalek Invasion of Earth" and "The Wheel in Space"), "Wycliffe", "Inspector Morse" and "Z-Cars".

</doc>
<doc id="30975413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975413" title="Aboriginal title in Louisiana">
Aboriginal title in Louisiana

The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit has held that there is no aboriginal title in Louisiana.
History.
Spanish rule.
Spanish law, as interpreted by the U.S. Supreme Court, required the approval of the Governor for the alienation of aboriginal title.
French rule.
Spain relinquished its claim to Louisiana to France in 1800.
U.S. territory.
In 1803, the United States purchased France's claim to Louisiana in the Louisiana Purchase. The 1804 act forming the Louisiana Territory declared that any Spanish grants during the disputed period, “under whatsoever authority transacted, or pretended,” were “from the beginning, null, void, and of no effect in law or equity."
Statehood.
Louisiana became a state in 1812.
Louisiana Land Claims Act.
The "Louisiana Land Claims Act" is the collective name given to federal land title statutes applicable to Louisiana, passed between 1805 and 1844. The first act, passed on March 2, 1805 required all those claiming land under imperfect or incomplete title to file a claim with the Board of Land Commissioners; un-filed claims would "“forever thereafter be barred”; no obligation was imposed on those with complete or perfect title (although they could file claims as well). The 1807 act extended the filing deadline and authorized the Board to decide claims submitted to it; the 1807 act held that un-filed claims would be extinguished "so far as they are derived from or founded on any act of Congress."
Nearly all of the later acts further extended the deadline. In 1816, the "Opelousas Report" concluded that the Nonintercourse Act did not apply to purchases from Indians under Spanish and French rule, but that Spanish and French law did apply; Congress adopted the findings of the Report.
"Chitimacha Tribe of Louisiana v. Harry L. Laws Co." (1982).
The Chitimacha brought suit in the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana in July 1977 (complaint amended July 1979) claiming a large tract in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana. The land in the tract was conveyed from the tribe in three 18th century transactions, allegedly in violation of the Nonintercourse Act. The three sales, which occurred under Spanish rule, deeded land to Phillip Verret (September 10, 1794), Frederick Pellerin (October 1, 1794), and Marie Joseph (June 22, 1799). Eighty land owners were named as defendants. Judge W. Eugene Davis granted summary judgement to the landowners.
The Chitimacha appealed, arguing both that Judge Davis should have recused (inter alia, because he owned land claimed by the Chitimacha, albeit not in the original complaint) and that his ruling was in error. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed. In addition to finding Judge Davis qualified to hear the case, the Fifth Circuit held that the Louisiana Land Claims Acts applied to aboriginal title, obligated the Chitimacha to file a claim with the Commission, and extinguished their title when they did not do so. The Fifth Circuit assumed, but did not decide, that the three transactions occurred in violation of Spanish law by failing to obtain the permission of the Governor. The three transferees, although not required to file claims under the Louisiana Land Claims Act, had done so, and their claims had been upheld.
The Fifth Circuit referred to the Supreme Court's cases interpreting the California Land Claims Act, which it concluded was "very similar" to the statutes relating to Louisiana. Conversely, the Court distinguished "United States v. Santa Fe Pac. R.R." (1941), noting that the federal statutes relating to Arizona and New Mexico there "did not set up any system for filing and deciding the validity of the land claims. They did not contain a forfeiture provision." The Fifth Circuit further held that the Chitimacaha held "incomplete title," defining incomplete title as "title which was not valid until confirmed by the United States government." The Fifth Circuit did not hold that all aboriginal title was incomplete title, but held that the Chitimacha's was because they had sold the land in question and actually "released possession."

</doc>
<doc id="30975423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975423" title="Police of Russia">
Police of Russia

The police () is the central law enforcement body in Russia, operating under the Ministry of Internal Affairs. It was established in 2011 replacing the militsiya (militia), the former police service.
The police operates according to the Law on police (Закон "о полиции"), which has been approved by the Federal Assembly and subsequently signed into law on February 7, 2011 by President of Russian Federation Dmitry Medvedev.
History.
The police force in Saint Petersburg was established as the Main Police on June 7, 1718 by decree from Peter the Great. Anton de Vieira was appointed as the first General Polizmeister.
On January 19, 1722 the Governing Senate established the Moscow Police. The Detective Department was founded in 1866 operating under the Police Department of MVD, and by 1907 similar departments had been created in other major cities of the Russian Empire, including Moscow, Kiev, Riga, Odessa, Tiflis, Baku and Rostov-on-Don. Other districts were policed by rural police or gendarmerie units.
The 3,500 strong police force of Saint Petersburg provided the main opposition to the rioting which marked the initial outbreak of the February Revolution. After the army units garrisoning the city defected, the police became the main target of the revolutionaries and a number were killed. The Police of the Russian Empire was dissolved on March 10, 1917, and on April 17 the Provisional Government established the People's Militia (Militsiya) as a new law enforcement body.
2011 Police reform.
Russian police reform (Закон РФ "о полиции" (Zakon RF "O politsii" {Law on police}) is an ongoing effort initiated by President Dmitry Medvedev to improve the efficiency of Russia's police forces, decrease corruption and improve the public image of law enforcement. On 7 February 2011, amendments were made to laws on the police force, the criminal code and the criminal procedure code. The amendments came into force on 1 March 2011. These changes stipulate a personnel cut of 20% in law enforcement, a renaming of Russian law enforcers from "militsiya" (militia) to "politsiya" (police), substantial increases in wages, centralisation of financing, and several other changes. Around 217 billion rubles ($7 billion) have been allocated from the federal budget to finance the reform.
Equipment.
Transportation.
Police uses a number of different models of automobile which range greatly in age and technical specification.
Rank insignia.
The Russian Police do not use the Corporal rank.
It should also be noted that there is a 4 star police rank, General of the Police of the Russian Federation, (Генераль полиции Российской Федерации). The rank is only newly established.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="30975427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975427" title="John Harrington (politician)">
John Harrington (politician)

John Mark Harrington (born 1956) is Chief of Metro Transit Police in Minneapolis–Saint Paul and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 67, which includes portions of the city of Saint Paul in Ramsey County. A Democrat, he is a teacher and manager at Metropolitan State University in Saint Paul.
Harrington was a member of the Saint Paul Police Department from 1977 to 2010, serving as the Department's chief from 2004 to 2010.
Biography.
Early life, education and career.
John Harrington grew up in Chicago and later attended DeLaSalle High School in Minneapolis. He received his Bachelor of the Arts from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, where he majored in Religion and minored in Chinese. He earned a Masters degree in Education from the University of St. Thomas in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He also graduated from the FBI National Academy, the National Executive Institute, and the Harvard Senior Management Institute.
John began his police career in 1977 at the Saint Paul Police Department, working his way up the chain of command from patrol officer. He was selected Chief of Police in 2004 and served in that role until 2010. As Chief of Police, he addressed some of Saint Paul’s most difficult problems resulting in numerous successes, including the development of innovative programs that have greatly reduced domestic violence and gang involvement. He also increased the diversity of the police department by 40% and worked with the private sector to increase police resources.
State Senate.
Harrington was first elected to the Senate in 2010, running after Senator Mee Moua decided not to seek re-election. Prior to winning the November 2010 general election, he won an August 2010 primary election against eight challengers. He was a member of the Education, the Judiciary and Public Safety, and the Local Government and Elections committees. In addition, he was appointed to the Senate Ethics Committee and Redistricting Committee. His special legislative concerns included public safety, education, and employment. Harrington vacated his seat weeks before the November 2012 election and was named Chief of the Metro Transit Police.
Metro Transit.
In September 2012, Harrington was sworn in as Chief of Metro Transit Police in Minneapolis–Saint Paul.
Ujamaa Place.
After retiring from the Saint Paul Police Department, Harrington became the President and CEO of Ujamaa Place, a nonprofit organization located in Saint Paul that serves African American men who are economically disadvantaged and have experienced repeated cycles of failure. As CEO, his name recognition has helped the fledgling organization reach a major milestone by raising over one million dollars. Harrington stepped down as CEO in 2012 and continues to serve as chair of the organization's board.
External links.
<br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="30975431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975431" title="Katalin Ladik">
Katalin Ladik

Katalin Ladik (Novi Sad, October 25, 1942 – ) is a Hungarian poet, performance artist and actress. She was born in Novi Sad, Yugoslavia (today Serbia) and in the last 20 years she has lived and worked alternately in Novi Sad, Serbia, in Budapest, Hungary and on the island of Hvar, Croatia. Parallel to her written poems she also creates sound poems and visual poems, performance art, writes and performs experimental music and audio plays. She is also a performer and an experimental artist (happenings, mail art, experimental theatrical plays). She explores language through visual and vocal expressions, as well as movement and gestures. Her work includes collages, photography, records, performances and happenings in both urban and natural environments.
Biography.
Katalin Ladik studied at the Economic High School of Novi Sad between 1961 and 1963, she then joined the Dramski Studio (Drama Studio) acting school in Novi Sad between 1964 and 1966.
Between 1961 and 1963 she worked as a bank assistant. During this time, in 1962, she began to write poetry. From 1963 to 1977 she worked for Radio Novi Sad. She joined the newly established Novi Sad Theatre in 1974, becoming a member of its permanent ensemble in 1977 and working there until 1992. She primarily acted in dramatic roles. Over the years, she also played major and minor roles in various TV-films and movies. She led the poetry sections of literary magazines "Élet és Irodalom" (1993–1994) and "Cigányfúró" (1994–1999). Between 1993 and 1998 she taught at "Hangár" musical and theatrical education center.
She is a member of the Hungarian Writers' Association, the Hungarian Belletrist Association, the Association of Hungarian Creative Artists and the Hungarian PEN Club.
Awards.
Katalin Ladik has earned various awards, including the "Kassák Lajos" Award (1991), the award of "Mikes Kelemen Kör" (Mikes International – Association for Hungarian Art, Literature and Science in the Netherlands) (2000), the József Attila Prize (2001), the Mediawave Parallel Culture Award (2003), the National Award for Culture of the Republic of Serbia (2009), and the Laurel Wreath Award of Hungary (2012).
Her awards for acting consist of the "Oktobarska nagrada grada Novog Sada (October Award of the City of Novi Sad)", a collective award to the cast of Radio Novi Sad in 1967; first place at "Smotra vojvođanskih profesionalnih pozorišta (Festival of Professional Theatres in Vojvodina)" in 1978, for the role of Masha in "Three Sisters", directed by György Harag, performed at the Novi Sad Theatre. The same role earned her the first place of "Udruženje dramskih umetnika Srbije / Association of Dramatic Artists of Serbia", in 1979. Katalin Ladik also received the "Magyar Televízió Elnöki Nívódíja / Award of the President of Hungarian Television for Acting Excellence" for acting in András Rajnai’s TV film series, "Televíziós mesék felnőtteknek (Television Tales for Adults)" in 1980. In 1986, she was awarded first place at "Smotra vojvođanskih profesionalnih pozorišta / Festival of Professional Theaters in Vojvodina" for the role of Skinner in Howard Barker’s "The Castle", directed by David Gothard, performed at the National Theatre in Subotica.
Poetry.
Katalin Ladik became known after 1962 through her surreal and erotic poems. In addition to a number of books in Hungarian, volumes of her poetry were published in Yugoslavia, France, Italy and the USA. Her poems also appeared in various magazines and anthologies worldwide, translated into Spanish, German, Polish, Bulgarian, Slovakian, Hindi, Chinese, Indonesian, Romanian, Macedonian, Rusyn and Slovenian.
Prose.
Her first novel, entitled "Élhetek az arcodon? (Can I Live on Your Face?)" was published in 2007 by "Nyitott Könyvműhely". It is considered to be an eminent work in Hungarian Avant-garde literature. It is partly autobiographical, partly self-reflecting. The novel alternates between reality and fiction, prose and poetry, sometimes switching to a prose poem style. Its main target audience is that part of the artists’ community who are receptive to esoteric allusions.
The book is about three women: the Editor, who lives in Budapest, the Artist, and the Glasswoman who lives in Novi Sad, all of whom bear the same name. The shared name determines their lives. Initially, they unaware of each another, but throughout the book their lives get gradually intertwined. After get to know one another, they begin to live each other’s life, which forever changes everything for them.
One of the peculiarities about the book is the uniquely rich textual documentation (letters, newspaper articles, posters) and the large number of photos. The novel creates an organic unit incorporating these.
Discography.
Music (Experimental Music, Jazz).
As vocalist, Katalin Ladik collaborated with prominent Croatian, Serbian and Hungarian composers, such as Dubravko Detoni, Branimir Sakač, and Milko Kelemen (1971–73, ensemble ACEZANTEZ); Ernő Király (1963-2002); Dušan Radić (Oratorio Profano, 1979); Boris Kovač (1986-1990); Deže Molnar ( 1989–91); Zsolt Sőrés a.k.a. Ahad, and Zsolt Kovács (1996-, Spiritus Noister).
Poetry Readings, Sound Poetry Performances.
Live Performances.
2011
Performance Art.
Most of Katalin Ladik’s performances balance on the borderline between performance art and theatre: the performance of sound poems is accompanied by theatrical body action and in many cases, the surrounding space is structured similarly to a traditional theatre. Those who examine her poetry often refer to her sound poetry performances. On the other hand, no detailed analyses have been produced about the dramaturgical characteristics of her performances, and the relations of sign systems between her poetry and performances. It is a well-reasoned choice, however, to locate her in the context of female performance artists, as Katalin Ladik uses her body and person as the medium of her art in her performances, which occupies a special position within the history of Western art.
A List of Performances, Happenings, Actions.
60s-70s.
1968
1970
1971
1972
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
80s-90s.
1980
1982
1983
1984
1985
1988
1989
1990
1993
1994
1995
1996
2000-.
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
Exhibitions.
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1982
1983
1984
1985
1987
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012

</doc>
<doc id="30975440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975440" title="AA.20">
AA.20

The AA.20 was a French air-to-air missile, developed by Nord Aviation, and was one of the first such missiles adopted into services in Western Europe. Production began at Chatillon, France in 1956. Approximately 6,000 missiles of the type were produced, remaining in service until 1960.
Development.
The development of the AA.20 missile began in 1953, when the French government placed a contract with SFECMAS, subsequently merged into Nord Aviation. Developed alongside the SS.10 anti-tank missile, it was designated the Type 5103. The project's goals were simple; the AA.20 was always regarded as a stepping stone to a more advanced missile, which would materialise as the R.530.
Description.
The AA.20 was command guided, using a similar system to that used by Nord's anti-tank missiles, with the missile being steered visually from the launching aircraft. Angled, fixed wings imparted a steady roll rate, while a gyroscope provided information on the orientation of the missile to the control mechanism. At launch, a twin solid rocket booster fired to bring the missile up to speed, after which a single solid-fueled sustainer rocket maintaied speed following burnout of the booster. Four interrupter blades, placed around the sustainer motor's nozzle, provided steering, while a flare mounted on the rear of the missile aided in visual tracking for guidance.
The AA.20's warhead was a blast-fragmentation type, detonated by a proximity fuze set to trigger the warhead at a distance of from the target. The range of the missile was approximately . The command guidance of the AA.20 allowed for it to be used in a secondary role as an air-to-surface missile, although it also meant the missile could not be used at night or in bad weather.
AA.25.
Aimed at addressing the major flaws of the AA.20, specifically the fact that the missile couldn't be used at night or in poor weather, the French developed te AA.25, which was essentially a radar-beam riding version of the AA.20, using the target-tracking beam of the CSF Cyrano Ibis radar fitted to the Mirage IIIC. Many AA.20 missiles were converted to AA.25 standard. A further version of the missile, designated the AA.26, with Semi-active homing was planned but the competing R.511 missile was adopted instead.

</doc>
<doc id="30975441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975441" title="Abdullah Senussi">
Abdullah Senussi

Abdullah Senussi ( ; born 5 December 1949) is a Libyan national who was the intelligence chief and brother-in-law of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi. He was married to Gaddafi's sister-in-law.
Scottish police officers plan to interview him in connection with the Lockerbie bombing, raising the prospect of a second Lockerbie trial.
Biography.
According to "The Guardian", Sanussi had a reputation for brutality since the 1970s. During the 1980s he was head of internal security in Libya, at a time when many opponents of Gaddafi were killed. Later, he had been described as the head of military intelligence, but it is unclear whether he actually held an official rank. In 1999 he was convicted "in absentia" in France for his role in a 1989 bombing of a passenger plane flying over Niger that resulted in the deaths of 170 people. Libyans believe he was responsible for massacring 1,200 prisoners at the Abu Salim jail in 1996. He was also thought to have been behind an alleged plot in 2003 to assassinate Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia.
It was Senussi’s marriage to Gaddafi’s wife’s sister in the 1970s that saw him enter the elite circle of Libya’s leader and assume various roles including deputy chief of the external security organisation.
US embassy cables described him as being a confidant of Gaddafi who makes "many of his medical arrangements". During the 2011 Libyan civil war, he was blamed for orchestrating killings in the city of Benghazi and recruiting foreign mercenaries. He was believed to have extensive business interests in Libya.
On 1 March 2011, Libya's Quryna newspaper reported that Gaddafi sacked him.
On 16 May 2011, the International Criminal Court prosecutor announced that he is seeking an arrest warrant for Abdullah Senussi on charges of crimes against humanity.
On 21 July 2011, Libyan opposition sources claimed that Senussi had been killed in an attack by armed rebels in Tripoli; however, a few hours later the same sources recanted on their earlier claim and some even said he might have just been injured.
On 30 August 2011, there were reports that both Senussi's son, Mohammed Abdullah al-Senussi, and Muammar Gaddafi's son, Khamis, were killed during clashes with NATO and NTC forces in Tarhuna. In October, Arrai TV, a pro-Gaddafi network in Syria, confirmed that Khamis Gaddafi had been killed on 29 August and falsely reported that that Mohammed Senussi was killed that day as well. On 20 October, Niger foreign minister Mohammad Bazoum told Reuters that he had fled to Niger. However, a Libyan fighter later told "the Guardian" that the rebels had the possession of three other men who were in Gaddafi's convoy when he was killed and that he believed one them was Senussi. The other two were identified as Gaddafi's slain son Mutassim and one of his military commanders Mansour Dhao, who was still alive and confirmed his identity, as well as details of Gaddafi's death, to Human Rights Watch while in the hospital; Dhao was earlier thought to have fled to Niger. 
However, later reports surfaced that Senussi from his hideout in Niger was helping Saif al-Islam Gaddafi escape from Libya. Senussi was reportedly captured on 20 November near the city of Sabha. It was afterwards reported that he would be taken to Tripoli to stand trial for charges of crimes against humanity, according to the National Transitional Council. However, ICC chief prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo doubted Senussi was captured. Libyan defense minister Osama Jweli also stated that there was no evidence Senussi had been captured. On 4 December 2011, Abdullah Nakir, a Libyan official, told Al Arabiya that Senussi was arrested and was being questioned about a secret nuclear facility Gaddafi was operating, but admitted that the Libyan government was unable to produce any photographs of him in custody.
On 17 March 2012, news reports stated that Senussi had been arrested at Nouakchott airport in Mauritania. The Libyan government is reported as having requested his extradition to Libya.
In September 2012, Lebanese foreign minister Adnan Mansour and a Lebanese judge questioned him on the fate of Imam Musa Sadr. On 5 September 2012, Mauritania extradited Senussi to Libyan authorities. Senussi is to be tried in Libya for crimes he allegedly committed during the time he was the close assistant to Gaddafi.

</doc>
<doc id="30975458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975458" title="Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Gateshead">
Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Gateshead

The Queen Elizabeth Hospital is based in Sheriff Hill in Gateshead, England and was officially opened on 18 March 1948. The fully furnished and equipped hospital, contains 26 wards and an Accident & Emergency.
They also have 3 other sites which are part of Gateshead Health NHS Foundation Trust
In 2012, work began on building a new Pathology 'Centre for Excellence" which will cover Gateshead, Sunderland & South Tyneside, the funding coming from a £12m grant from the government, this is due to open in early 2014
In November 2012, work began on building a new £35m Emergency Care Centre, this is expected to open in Autumn 2014.
Bensham Hospital.
Bensham Hospital is based on Saltwell Road in Bensham, Gateshead and was opened in 1890 as High Teams Institution where it remained until 1941 after a survey in 1931 revealed that the accommodation was inadequate and a new hospital should be built nearby. In 1941 High Teams Institution was renamed Bensham General Hospital and fell under the control of the Gateshead & District Hospital Management Committee from July 1948.
Dunston Hill Hospital.
Dunston Hill Hospital was originally established as a War Pensioner Hospital at Castle Leazes, Newcastle. Eventually in 1928 it was moved to Dunston Hill. It was controlled by the Ministry of Pensions until 1953 when it passed to the control of the Ministry of Health, but it was not absorbed into the National Health Service until 1 April 1956, when it became one of the group of hospitals administered by Gateshead and District Hospital Management Committee.
In May 2012, all inpatient services were relocated to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, however the Day Unit continues to provide a service from the Dunston Hill Hospital site.
Metro Riverside.
Metro Riverside was opened in March 2009 and is an Outpatient Hospital based near the MetroCentre in Gateshead.

</doc>
<doc id="30975469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975469" title="Upton Pyne apple">
Upton Pyne apple

The Upton Pyne apple is a large cooking variety (also used as an eating apple) noted for its pineapple flavour. In season December to March.
It was introduced in 1910 and raised by George Pyne the owner of Denver Nurseries in Topsham Devon UK. The apple was named after the village of Upton Pyne in Devon UK where his family originated.

</doc>
<doc id="30975482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975482" title="Student SPILL">
Student SPILL

Student SPILL (Supporting Peers In Laidback Listening) is an anonymous and confidential peer-to-peer online support system for college students launched in December 2008. Available 24 hours a day, students can go to the Student SPILL website (www.studentspill.com) and vent about problems they are experiencing in an email message (a “Spill”). Student SPILL receives the message, makes the student's identity anonymous, and forwards the Spill to four to six student volunteers who are “trained in effective listening and writing empathetic responses”. Each volunteer sends a response to the student within 24 hours for free. In their response to Spills, Student Supporters provide local and national resources that may also be helpful to the Spiller. The Spilling process ends here, as all Spills are "one-shot deals".
As of February 2011, Student SPILL is available to ten post-secondary education campuses across the United States, and only students with .edu email addresses from these institutions may use the messaging service. However, Student SPILL is expanding rapidly and has affected over 1,000 students since its creation. Student SPILL also categorizes each Spill registered by the website to find unique trends to each college. At the end of a term, “Spill-using schools can leverage the data the service provides for student retention, risk mitigation, suicide prevention and to develop recommendations for services they should consider.”
Student SPILL intends to be a complement of existing counseling services and decrease the stigma associated with seeking professional help. It does not attempt to replace counseling services. There is a rising gap in ratio of counselors to students of only about one to every 1,600 students. Whereas the recommendation to counseling centers is one full time equivalent counselor for every 1,000 students. At the same time the student need for counseling services is increasing. As a result, waitlists at college and university counseling centers are escalating. SPILL may serve as a one-time substitute when students who need immediate support and cannot acquire professional assistance. SPILL may also be a stepping stone for students afraid to seek professional help. Student Supporters often provide the college counseling center as a resource in their responses to Spills. Peer referrals to counseling centers may be most effective because "peer providers as having the capacity to be as effective, or more effective, than professionals at delivering some services." 

</doc>
<doc id="30975504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975504" title="Volcán Jumaytepeque">
Volcán Jumaytepeque

Volcán Jumaytepeque is a stratovolcano in south-eastern Guatemala. The high volcano is located about 7 km north-north-east of the city of Cuilapa, near the south-eastern rim of the large Miocene Santa Rosa de Lima caldera.

</doc>
<doc id="30975507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975507" title="Hagafen Cellars">
Hagafen Cellars

Hagafen Cellars is a winery located in the Napa Valley. Founded in 1979, it was the first kosher winery in California, and is "the first of the upscale kosher brands." The winery is owned and operated by winemaker Ernie Weir and his wife, Irit Weir.
Wines.
Many wine writers praise Hagafen wines, writing for example that the winery makes "a broad selection of highly recommended kosher wines". Hagafen wines have been called "sophisticated, classic and correct", and are "rated as some of the best kosher wines in the world".
Hagafen's red wines include Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc, Merlot, and Pinot noir. Their white wines include Chardonnay, Sauvignon blanc, Riesling, and Rousanne. They also produce brut cuvée sparkling wines, and a Vin Gris Rosé. 
Wines are sold under three labels. Hagafen is the main label, Prix is the premium label and Don Ernesto is the label used for their more economical offerings.
The majority of the grapes used are grown in the Napa Valley American Viticultural Area, although the Rousanne comes from Lodi, and some of the Riesling comes from Lake County.
Like many Napa Valley wineries, Hagafen emphasizes Cabernet Sauvignon, and those wines have been favorably received by wine critics and writers for decades. In 1990, the New York Times reported that "in conjunction with the International Jewish Festival in New York, a group of wine experts evaluated more than 125 kosher wines. The panel selected the Hagafen Cellar 1987 cabernet sauvignon from California as the gold medal winner." Sixteen years later, two wine writers for the Wall Street Journal wrote, "We feel strongly that you simply can't go wrong with a Hagafen Cabernet Sauvignon." In reviewing a Hagafen Cabernet Sauvignon, a wine writer for the Washington Post wrote, "Classic, rich and powerful, this is a real Napa Cab at an optimal stage of maturity".
Smaller in production, Hagafen's Rousanne is described as "a white wine that blends the tart freshness of a sauvignon blanc with the richness of a chardonnay, made from a "less familiar variety". "
About one-sixth of Hagafen's production is Riesling, which is cold fermented in stainless steel tanks. Wine writers with the Wall Street Journal have praised Hagafen Riesling as "one of our favorite American Rieslings -- kosher or not -- for years", commenting that "Longtime wine lovers like his Riesling because it's a noble grape done right and novices find it unintimidating because it's slightly sweet and relatively low in alcohol. Everyone appreciates that it goes well with a wide variety of foods."
White House dinners.
On September 9, 1981, Hagafen Riesling was served at a White House state dinner, held by President Ronald Reagan to honor Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin. Hagafen wines have been served at the White House many times over the years, "usually at meals that honored Israeli prime ministers and presidents."
More recently, Hagafen sparking wine was the only alcoholic beverage served at President Barack Obama's annual White House Hanukkah dinner on December 2, 2010. The 500 guests at that Hanukkah party included three Supreme Court justices, members of Congress, rabbis, astronauts and artists.
The official menus of many of these White House dinners "now adorn the walls of the winery's intimate tasting room."
Winery.
Hagafen Cellars was founded in 1979 by Ernie Weir and partners Zach Berkowitz, Norm Miller and Rene di Rosa. 
Early in the company's history, Weir decided to "go for the top end of the market." Weir and his wife Irit later gained full ownership of the business.
In 1999, Hagafen announced plans for a new winery. The Hagafen wine production facility on the Silverado Trail opened in 2000 and the stand-alone tasting room opened in 2002. The winery complex has been described as: "Set far enough back from the Silverado Trail to make it feel like a heartland farm, Hagafen Cellars marries a homey, no-nonsense sensibility with an artistic spirit. The winery's corrugated-steel structure sits side by side with an unusual mix of materials, textures and plantings. The overall effect is one of warmth and originality".
In 2004, vandals hit the winery, opening valves and dumping out $200,000 worth of wine.
The winery's annual production is approximately 8000 cases, or 100,000 bottles.
Vineyards.
Originally, Hagafen purchased all its grapes from other wine grape growers. In 1984, it was reported that "Hagafen Cellars produces kosher wine from some of the best vineyards, such as riesling and chardonnay from Winery Lake Vineyard in the Carneros region of Napa Valley." 
In 1986, they purchased their own vineyard, where the winery was later built. Called Weir Family Vineyard II, it consists of 12 acres of Cabernet Sauvignon. Later, they added nine acre Weir Family Vineyard III, with three acres each of Riesling, Cabernet Franc and Syrah. Their own vineyards now yield roughly half of the grapes they use for their annual production.
Winemaker.
A native of Los Angeles, Ernie Weir was a sociology major at UCLA, and then enrolled in the viticulture program at UC Davis. His first exposure to agriculture came while working on a kibbutz in Israel. From 1973 to 1997, he was employed as a viticulturalist by sparkling wine maker Domaine Chandon in Yountville in the Napa Valley, running Hagafen as a side business for nearly 18 years.
According to Joan Nathan, Weir makes wine "out of cultural conviction". He said that "As a Jew I though it was important to produce a first-rate kosher wine." "As a small producer," Weir said, "I looked for a niche that would make me unique, that would separate me from the 300 other wineries the area." 
Weir has done consulting work for Israeli wineries, such as Carmel Winery, Yarden and the Margalit Winery. Weir also "lectures to Israeli winemakers on what he's learned making wine in California." Author Jamie Geller wrote that Weir's "knowledge and candor are remarkable"
In 2008, Weir was the winner of the Al Brounstein Meritorious Service Award, given by nonprofit group L’Chaim Napa Valley in memory of the notable Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon leader who founded Diamond Creek Vineyards.
Kosher standards.
Hagafen has overcome several significant challenges in making fine wines that comply fully with the Jewish laws of kashrut.
First of all, "the High Holy Days often fall in the middle of peak harvesting and crush periods", and that is by far the busiest time of year for Napa Valley winemakers. No work on kosher wines can take place on the most sacred of these days, including Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, so Weir must coordinate his schedule carefully at this time of year, and work every available moment.
Although he is Jewish, Weir's level of religious observance does not comply with Orthodox Jewish standards, and only such Jews are allowed to do the physical work of producing kosher wines. Accordingly, Weir has to direct and monitor temporary Orthodox Jewish employees on the exact steps to take during production, but he can't do any of the hands-on work himself.
Jewish law also requires that kosher wines that are to be served to observant Jews by non-Jewish waiters must be mevushal, which means "boiled" in Hebrew. Israeli wine critic Daniel Rogov described the common wisdom about the shortcomings of mevushal kosher wines: "nearly everyone knows that that after a few months in bottle, most mevushal (flash pasteurized) wines tend to offer cooked aromas and flavors, and too often remind one more of oxidized fruit compote than of fine wine." Rogov praises Weir's success at the process: "No one is quite sure how Hagafen winemaker Ernie Weir does it, but his are among the very few flash pasteurized wines to have escaped this fate, and his wines, frequently earning scores of 90 or above, tend to be rather long lived. Some may think that shipping kosher wines to Israel is somewhat akin to selling ice to Eskimos, but in this case the Hagafen wines are a most welcome addition to local shelves."

</doc>
<doc id="30975514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975514" title="Colin McDonald (footballer born 1974)">
Colin McDonald (footballer born 1974)

Colin McDonald (born 10 April 1974 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Falkirk, Swansea City, Ayr United, Clydebank, Berwick Rangers, Arbroath, Airdrie and Montrose.

</doc>
<doc id="30975525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975525" title="Sueños en tránsito">
Sueños en tránsito

Sueños en tránsito () is the third studio album by recording artist Nicole. It was released by RCA Records in June, 1997 and her final album with Sony Music. The album represented another, and most radical change in Nicole musical style. the record shifts from her traditional Latin pop and pop rock influences, instead exploring electronic, trip hop, and alternative rock styles. The album received critical acclaim from the music press, earning praise for its alternative style, Gustavo Cerati's production, and Nicole songwriting and emotive singing style.
Personnel.
Taken and adapted from Allmusic.com.

</doc>
<doc id="30975539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975539" title="New Balance Indoor Grand Prix">
New Balance Indoor Grand Prix

The New Balance Indoor Grand Prix, formerly known as the Boston Indoor Games, is an annual indoor track and field meet which is held in late January or early February at the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center. It was first held in Roxbury, a neighbourhood in Boston, in 1996 and has become one of the foremost events of its type in the United States, alongside the Millrose Games.
The competition is part of USA Track and Field's Visa Championship Series and attracts high caliber athletes, including Olympic and World medalists. Since its inception, a total of six world records have been set at the event. Among them are performances by Ethiopian runner Tirunesh Dibaba, who set a world indoor record over 5000 metres in 2005 and improved that mark in 2007. The Boston Indoor Games has also featured numerous national records and United States all-comers records (the best performances recorded on US soil).
The competition has had a number of title sponsors over its history, including adidas in the early 2000s and Reebok from 2005 to 2010. New Balance became the current title sponsor in 2011. The rights to the event are owned by Global Athletics & Marketing and Mark Wetmore is the meeting director.
At the 2012 meeting, Jenn Suhr broke her own American record in the pole vault, clearing 4.88 m to become the second highest vaulter of all-time.
World records.
Over the course of its history, fiveworld records have been set at the Boston Indoor Games.

</doc>
<doc id="30975556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975556" title="WGZR">
WGZR

WGZR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30975566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975566" title="Anacamptomyiini">
Anacamptomyiini

Anacamptomyiini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30975578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975578" title="Agios Georgios Lefkas">
Agios Georgios Lefkas

Agios Georgios Lefkas (Greek: Άγιος Γεώργιος Λεύκας) is an abandoned village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, and it lies within the UN Buffer Zone. In 1960, the village had a population of 460; 312 identifying themselves as Greeks, 143 identifying themselves as Turks, and the other 5 not indicating an ethnicity or of mixed heritage. The population declined to zero by 1980 due to the placement of the Buffer Zone and the village was still abandoned at the time of the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="30975594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975594" title="Football at the 2007 Island Games">
Football at the 2007 Island Games

Football at the 2007 Island Games may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30975601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975601" title="Football at the 2009 Island Games">
Football at the 2009 Island Games

Football at the 2009 Island Games may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30975605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975605" title="Football at the 2011 Island Games">
Football at the 2011 Island Games

Football at the 2011 Island Games was held from 26 June–1 July 2011 at several venues.

</doc>
<doc id="30975622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975622" title="Geshe Acharya Thubten Loden">
Geshe Acharya Thubten Loden

Geshe Acharya Thubten Loden is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan Buddhist Society in Australia. Geshe Loden established the Peaceful Land of Joy Meditation Centre in Yuroke, Victoria, and has written many books. In 2011, he was named Hume Citizen of the Year.
History.
Born in 1924, Geshe Loden became a monk at seven years old. After completing extensive Buddhist philosophy studies, he received the Geshe Lharampa degree from Sera Je Monastery in Tibet, and an Acharya degree from Varanasi's Sanskrit university in India. He was also awarded a Master's qualification in Vajrayana Buddhism after many years study at Gyudmed Tantric College. Geshe Loden originally came to Australia in 1976 at the invitation of Lama Thubten Yeshe to be the resident teacher at Chenrezig Institute, Queensland, where he remained for three years before leaving to start his own organization.
Books.
Geshe Loden has written many books on Tibetan Buddhism, including:

</doc>
<doc id="30975625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975625" title="Chief White Eagle">
Chief White Eagle

Basil F. Heath, better known as Chief White Eagle, (March 18, 1917 - January 24, 2011) was a Canadian-born American Mohawk actor, stuntman and television personality whose career spanned several decades beginning with the 1940 film, "Northwest Passage". He was sometimes credited as Chief Sky Eagle. Chief White Eagle also appeared in television programming in the Chicago, Illinois, area.
Additionally, Chief White Eagle was a senior Mohawk tribal chief in both Canada and the United States.
Biography.
Chief White Eagle was born Basil F. Heath on March 18, 1917, on the Iroquois Indian Grand River Reservation in Ontario, Canada. A member of the Mohawk people, he was the son of Andrew Cleve and Amelia (née De Amorim) Heath. Heath attended McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, and Oxford University in the United Kingdom. After moving to the United States, Heath served as a liaison officer for the United States Office of War Information during World War II, as well as a volunteer member of the United States Army’s 101st Airborne Division during the war.
Chief White Eagle began his career as a welder and iron worker in skyscraper construction in Chicago and other cities. He then became a stuntman before transitioning to on-screen film roles. An example of his stunts included being suspended only by his hair from an airplane in flight, billed as having "the world's strongest head of hair," a stunt which was filmed and shown in a British Pathé News newsreel in 1926. His first film role came in the 1940 movie, "Northwest Passage", which starred Spencer Tracy. He appeared in more than thirty films throughout his career, including "Red River", "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon" and "Niagara". Chief White Eagle noted that his characters had been killed in films seven times by actor John Wayne.
Chief White Eagle also hosted "Totem Club" on WTTW during the 1960s, including a segment called ""Indian Stories with Chief White Eagle"". The show was one of the first children's programs to debut on WTTW, a PBS affiliate based out of Chicago. Chief White Eagle also hosted a Native American radio show, appeared in television and radio commercials and appeared as a guest on television series, "Wagon Train". He was known for his appearances in which he wore his headdress.
Chief White Eagle married his wife, Roberta “Bobbi Bear” Heath, on June 29, 1977 in Grand River Reservation in Canada. He resided in Tinley Park, Illinois, from 1975 until 1990. Chief White Eagle and his family then moved to Rochester, Indiana, where he lived for the rest of his life.
In 1996, Chief White Eagle reflected on his acting career and the role of Native Americans in western films saying, "The Indians were always the losers...For years, the movie industry portrayed the Indians in a derogatory manner. Happily, today, Indian films are more credible."
Chief White Eagle died at Woodlawn Hospital in Rochester, Indiana, at 2:35 a.m. on January 24, 2011, at the age of 93. He was survived by his wife, Roberta “Bobbi Bear” Heath; daughter, Eunice Madeline Heath Collard; his adopted son, Kenneth "Lone Eagle" Heath; and grandchildren and great-grandchildren. He was predeceased by his daughter, Lauraine Heath, and his two sisters, Sylvia Schroeder and Valerie Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="30975631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975631" title="30-sai no Hoken Taiiku">
30-sai no Hoken Taiiku

Media.
Guidebooks.
The first book was published in November 2008 and was followed by three sequels.
Anime.
Characters.
Hayao is a 30-Year-old salaryman who has yet to lose his virginity. Due to his lack of personal skills he is resigned to using a blow-up wife to release his sexual tension. Hayao is the subject of Daigorō and Macaron's mission.
Natsu is a 30-Year-old Librarian who has yet to lose her virginity. She is timid and extends her A.K. Field to keep away others. Natsu, like Hayao, has Gods staying with her to help her with relationships and lose her virginity. When she meets Hayao properly she rejects him out of fear; however, with Pī-chan's help and Hayao's determination, she overcomes her fear.
Daigorō is a God of Sexual Love sent from heaven in order to help Hayao meet women and lose his virginity. Some of his methods are a little unorthodox. He usually dresses in a long old-fashioned green coat and white breeches.
Macaron is Daigorō's little brother. His normal-wear is the same as that of his brother's, although he wears a waistcoat rather than a long coat. He likes drinking and dressing up in women's clothes; for this reason, he is often used as the practice doll for teaching Hayao.
Pī-chan and her twin sister Kū-chan are Gods of Sexual Love sent from heaven to help Natsu build relationships, fall in love and lose her virginity, they dress in the Gothic Lolita fashion; Pī-chan is the smarter and more pro-active of the sisters. She's had a run-in with Daigorō before as he liked flipping her skirt in elementary school,But also has a crush on Daigoro
Kū-chan and her twin sister Pī-chan are Gods of Sexual Love sent from heaven to help Natsu build relationships, fall in love and lose her virginity, they dress in the Gothic Lolita fashion; Kū-chan likes eating and drinking weird and often very spicy things such as Peppercorns and Tabasco. She helps her sister, but most of the time seems very dumb and makes life difficult for her sister. When she "does" do something on her own initiative, she is much more effective then her sister.
Reception.
The anime's censorship on TV was reviewed by Japanator as excessive, to the point that not only sexual gags were censored, but that text and the title of a segment was censored.

</doc>
<doc id="30975644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975644" title="Francie Grehan">
Francie Grehan

Francie Grehan is a Gaelic footballer from County Roscommon, Ireland. He played with the Roscommon intercounty team from 1998 to 2005. He helped Roscommon win the 2001 Connacht Championship, and later won an All Star at Center Back.

</doc>
<doc id="30975664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975664" title="Training Unit">
Training Unit

The Training Unit is a semi-open, low security prison located on the grounds of the Mountjoy campus in Dublin 7. It receives prisoners eighteen years of age and over and is designed to provide industrial training to inmates prior to the release. It has an official bed capacity of 107 and in 2009 its daily average number of inmates resident was 112.
History.
The Training Unit was built on part of the grounds of Mountjoy Prison between 1973 and 1974. It received its first prisoner in August 1975. The object of the Training Unit is to facilitate prisoners finding employment upon release by providing education and industrial training. It is a semi-open prison. There are no bars on the bedroom windows, prisoners may move about from area to area without being accompanied by prison staff and they each have a key to their own rooms. Staff, however, retain a masterkey to all the rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="30975665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975665" title="RAAF Base Uranquinty">
RAAF Base Uranquinty

RAAF Base Uranquinty was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) base located at Uranquinty, New South Wales, Australia. Land was requisitioned in 1940 as part of the Empire Air Training Scheme during the Second World War for the formation of No. 5 Service Flying Training School.
The base was closed in 1947, however, the control tower was dismantled by No. 2 Airfield Construction Squadron and shipped to RAAF Woomera - the airbase supporting the operation of the RAAF Woomera Test Range where it remains in operation to this day.
Refresher courses were undertaken at Uranquinty for qualified pilots until being relocated to Point Cook in 1948. The land was used as a migrant centre until September 1951, when the RAAF required the base to be reopened, with No. 1 Basic Flying Training School operating there until 19 December 1958, when the base was closed down.

</doc>
<doc id="30975677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975677" title="Job Eagles Stone">
Job Eagles Stone

Job Eagles Stone (1860–1935) was a mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1909. Born in Kenilworth, Warwickshire, England, he came to Australia as a boy and settled with his family in Toowoomba. From his first job as a newspaper boy, he worked his way up to eventually owning a large printing and bookselling business. Aside from his service as mayor, he was an alderman on the Toowoomba City Council in 1907-1911, 1924-1924, and 1930-1933. He died in Toowoomba on 13 September 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="30975689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975689" title="Bloch wave – MoM method">
Bloch wave – MoM method

Bloch wave – MoM is a technique for determining the band structure of triply-periodic electromagnetic media such as photonic crystals. This technique uses the method of moments (MoM) in combination with a Bloch wave expansion of the electromagnetic field in the structure. It is based on the 3-dimensional spectral domain method (Kastner This approach is very efficient in terms of the number of plane waves needed for good convergence and is analogous to the spectral domain MoM method commonly used for analyzing 2D periodic structures such as frequency selective surfaces (FSS). In the latter case, the electromagnetic field is expanded in terms of a plane wave spectrum (Scott [1989). In both cases, the field is expanded in terms or a set of eigenfunction modes (either a Bloch wave in 3D or a plane wave spectrum in 2D), and an integral equation is enforced on the surface of the scatterers in each unit cell. In the FSS case, the unit cell is 2-dimensional and in the photonic crystal case, the unit cell is 3-dimensional.
Field equations for 3D PEC photonic crystal structures.
For perfectly electrically conducting (PEC) structures admitting only electric current sources J, the electric field E is related to the vector magnetic potential A via the well-known relation:
and the vector magnetic potential is in turn related to the source currents via:
where
Bloch wave expansion of the fields.
To solve equations (1.1) and (1.2) within the periodic volume, we may assume a Bloch wave expansion for all currents, fields and potentials:
where for simplicity, we assume a cubic lattice in which α only depends on "m", β only depends on "n" and γ only depends on "p". In the equations above,
and,
where "l""x", "l""y", "l""z" are the dimensions of the unit cell in the "x","y","z" directions respectively, λ is the effective wavelength in the crystal and θ0, φ0 are the directions of propagation in spherical coordinates. Note that "k" in equations (1.1) and (1.2) comes from the time derivative in Maxwell's equations and is the "free space" propagation constant, proportional to frequency as we see in equation (1.3). On the other hand, "k"0 in the equations above comes from our assumed Bloch wave solution given by equations (2.1) & (2.2). As a result, it represents the propagation constant in the periodic medium. These two "k's", i.e. the free space propagation constant and the propagation constant of the Bloch wave, are in general different thereby allowing for dispersion in our solution.
Integral equation for PEC media.
Substituting equations (2.1) into (1.1) and (1.2) yields the spectral domain Greens function relating the radiated electric field to its source currents:
where,
With this, the electric field boundary condition on the surface of PEC material within a unit cell becomes:
Since we are seeking characteristic modes (eigenmodes) of the structure, there is no impressed E-field on the RHS of this electric field integral equation (EFIE). Equation (3.3) is not strictly correct, since only the tangential electric field is zero on the surface of the PEC scatterer. This inexactness will be resolved presently when we test with the current basis functions, defined as residing on the surface of the scatterer.
Method of Moments solution.
As is usual in the method of moments, we assume an expansion for the source currents over some known set of basis functions with unknown weighting coefficients "J""j":
Substituting (3.4) into (3.3) and then testing the resulting equation with the "i"-th current basis function (i.e., dotting from the left and integrating over the domain of the "i"-th current basis function, thereby completing the quadratic form) produces the "i"-th row of the matrix eigenvalue problem as:
This matrix equation is very simple to implement and requires only that the 3D FT of the basis functions be computed, preferably in closed form. With this method, computing bands of a 3D photonic crystal is as easy as computing reflection and transmission from a 2D periodic surface. In fact, equation (3.5) is identical to the basic EFIE for PEC FSS (Scott ), the only difference being the stronger singularity in 3D which accelerates convergence of the triple sums.
Computing bands.
To compute bands of the crystal (i.e. "k"-"k"0 diagrams), we may assume values for ("k"0, θ0, φ0) and then search for those values of "k" which drive the determinant of the impedance matrix to zero. Equation (3.5) has been used to compute bands in various types of doped and undoped photonic crystals (ScottScott [2002).

</doc>
<doc id="30975690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975690" title="Yuri Karlovich Arnold">
Yuri Karlovich Arnold

Yuri Karlovich Arnold, also Jury, Georgy, Yourij, and Arnol't, Arnol'd (; November 13, 1811 – July 20, 1898), was a Russian composer, musicologist, music critic, choral conductor, theorist and music educator. There is some speculation that he was employed by the tsarist police and that some of the writings attributed to him were actually written by Peshenin, who was paid to keep it a secret. Also that some of his theories on the history of Russian church music are now seen as false. Among his students were Allemanov and Yu Mel’gunov.
Biography.
Yuri Karlovich Arnold was born in St. Petersburg, Petrograd. He studied political economy at the German University in Dorpat, Estonia, and served in the army from 1831–38 during the Polish campaign. After this, he decided to focus on a career in music and went to study harmony with Johann Leopold Fuchs and counterpoint with Joseph Hunke. In 1839, he won a Philharmonic Society award for his cantata "Svetlana".
Starting in 1841, he contributed to numerous journals including "the S.-Peterburgskiye vedomosti", "Biblioteka dlya chteniya", "Literaturnaya gazeta", "Seernaya pchela", and "Panteon" under a variety of pseudonyms, including Meloman, Karl Karlovich, A. Yu., Harmonin, and Karl Smelïy. He moved to Leipzig in 1863 where he contributed to "Signal" and NZ"f"M until 1870. He founded the Neue Allgemeine Zeitschrift für Theater und Musik. He also translated some opera librettos by Tchaikovsky and Glinka into German. His three-volume memoirs, published in 1892–93, are a guide to 60 years of Russian music not only relating to his life, but to the lives of other famous Russian musicians who lived during that time. He taught in Moscow and St. Petersburg from 1871 until his death in Karakesh, Crimea.
Works.
Yuri Karlovich Arnold wrote several sacred choral works, more than 50 romances, besides many operettas. He also wrote the cantata "Svetlana" (1839), the overture "Boris Godunov" (1861) and the piano piece "Impromptu-Polka."

</doc>
<doc id="30975694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975694" title="Mothers' Bus attack">
Mothers' Bus attack

The Mothers’ Bus attack refers to the 1988 hijacking of an Israeli civilian bus carrying workers to the Negev Nuclear Research Center. Three Arab militants took 11 passengers hostage and executed two women. The bus was then stormed by Yamam, Israel's elite counter-terrorism unit. In the 40-second takeover operation, all three hijackers were killed, along with one of the hostages. 
The incident was named the "mothers' bus attack" because many of the passengers were working mothers.
The attack.
During the night of Monday, 7 March 1988, three armed members of the Palestine Liberation Organization infiltrated the border between Israel and Egypt near Ramat Nafha, a desert terrain west of Mitzpe Ramon. They were armed with AK-47 rifles, a Carl Gustav M/45 submachine gun and hand grenades. At around 6:30 am, they opened fire on a white Renault carrying four unarmed soldiers heading north to a physical training exercise. The soldiers fled on foot and the gunmen commandeered their car, and drove it north in the direction of Sde Boker, then west onto the highway connecting Beersheba with Dimona. 
As they drove westward, the soldiers whose car was commandeered alerted the authorities, and roadblocks were set up by the police on the anticipated route. At around 7:15 am, the gunmen crashed through a police roadblock near the Dimona–Yeruham junction, and began firing indiscriminately, with the police in pursuit. They shot at a mini-van carrying four schoolteachers, whose passengers managed to escape after their driver accelerated toward the gunmen. They also fired at a semi-trailer which was stopped on the highway by the shooting. At around 8:00 am, a bus carrying workers to their jobs at the Negev Nuclear Research Center near Dimona arrived at the scene, near the hilltop Bedouin village of Aroer. When the hijackers opened fire on the bus, the driver opened the door and some passengers managed to escape on foot. The hijackers took over the bus with 11 passengers still on board, including ten women and a man who had been unable to escape.
By that time, Israeli police and Army units surrounded the site, and Haim Benayoun, commander of the Negev police region, began negotiating with the hijackers. One of the first units on site was the Yamam, the Israeli police's elite counter-terrorism unit, which arrived before Sayeret Matkal, the IDF's elite counter terrorism unit, whose helicopters had been given erroneous information regarding the location of the incident. All Army and police units came under the command of Major General Yitzhak Mordechai. The hijackers demanded the release of all PLO prisoners incarcerated as a result of the uprising in the occupied territories, and set a 30-minute ultimatum to see a representative of the Red Cross, or they would start executing hostages. Yamam officers collected valuable information regarding the number of hijackers and their position inside the bus from the bus passengers who managed to escape. The Yamam placed snipers around the bus, and tracked movements in it with binoculars. Based on the intelligence collected and the surveillance information, the Yamam's commander, Alik Ron, prepared an assault plan.
As the 30 minutes drew to a close, the gunmen began shooting out the bus windows, and tossed a grenade which failed to explode at the security forces surrounding the bus. Shortly thereafter, at 10:25 am, they executed the male hostage, Victor Ram, a 39-year old father of three, shooting him in the chest, and one of the women, Miriam Ben-Yair, 46, a mother of four. At that point, Mordechai gave the order to the Yamam to storm the bus. Yamam snipers opened fire, while Yamam fighters breached the bus's windows and doors from 3 directions, tossing stun grenades to disorient the hijackers. In 30–40 seconds, they took over the bus, killing all three hijackers, but not before the hijackers managed to kill another hostage – Rina Shiratky, 31, a mother of two. Eight other hostages were lightly wounded.
Aftermath.
The event is notable as the first example of classical terrorist tactics against Israeli civilians during the First Intifada, which up to that point was known as a popular uprising primarily involving civil disobedience, mass protests, demonstrations, rioting and limited violence.
The Israeli government pointed to the incident as proof that the Intifada is a violent, anti-civilian terrorist campaign. Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir was quoted as saying "The terrorists try to attack us daily. These are the same individuals who are inciting disturbances in the territories", and then-Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin described the incident as part of a major PLO effort to show that terrorism remains the principal means by which its political goals will be achieved.
Palestinian leaders feared they would lose world sympathy for the Intifada, which until that point was viewed as a popular nationalist uprising conducted by civilians. Sari Nusseibeh called the hijacking a "deplorable act", and said "It's very worrying, because the whole point of the thing is to have a so-called white revolution in which people don't use any arms." 
It was also the first time that Yamam, established in 1974 for these kind of missions, was called in instead of Sayeret Matkal, the Israeli Army's counter-terrorism unit. For many years, there had been a preference to utilize the latter, brought about by the fact that many key decision makers in top security and political positions in the Israeli government were former Sayeret Matkal officers, with loyalty to that unit. 
It has been described as one of the most complicated rescue missions in Israel's history, with attackers who were better armed and more determined than their predecessors. It has since become a benchmark for counter-terrorism hostage rescue missions. 
Israeli intelligence concluded that the hijacking of the bus had been planned and ordered by PLO military leader Khalil al-Wazir, and as a response, it is believed that they recommended a complex operation to assassinate him at his home in Tunis, carried out a few weeks later.

</doc>
<doc id="30975697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975697" title="Regional Oral History Office">
Regional Oral History Office

The Regional Oral History Office (ROHO) is part of The Bancroft Library at the University of California, Berkeley. The office was founded in 1954. ROHO conducts, analyzes, teaches about, and preserves oral history interviews on a wide range of topics related to the history of California and the United States. ROHO staff also conduct research on a wide range of historical topics, utilizing oral history as a central primary source to their scholarship.
ROHO's original name was the Regional Cultural History Office. It was the second oral history office founded in the country, following only Columbia University. The first interview conducted at the office, before it was officially recognized as a unit on campus, was with Alice B. Toklas, the long-time partner of Gertrude Stein.
Since its founding in 1954, ROHO has conducted thousands of interviews in a wide variety of subject areas ranging from law and jurisprudence to food and wine. ROHO features especially strong collections on the development of the arts and letters, science and technology, and labor, social, political, and community history in California. ROHO has also conducted numerous interviews on the history of the University of California. ROHO's interviews with scientists include Nobel Prize winners such as Arthur Kornberg, Paul Berg, Donald A. Glaser, and Charles Townes. Other notable interviews with scientists include Herbert Boyer and Stanley N. Cohen. ROHO has also conducted significant oral histories with well-known artists and authors, such as Dorothea Lange, Ansel Adams, and Carl Rakosi.
ROHO houses collections of oral histories related to women's suffrage and the home front during World War II.
The interviews conducted by ROHO are deposited in over 700 manuscript libraries worldwide. Many of the interviews are accessible online. The Bancroft Library also houses the original tapes for all of the interviews conducted by ROHO. Once completed, the oral histories are referenced by both scholars and students around the world.
ROHO's first director was Corinne Gilb, who led the program from 1954 to 1958. Between 1958 and 2000, Willa Baum directed ROHO. Under her tenure, ROHO amassed over 1,600 oral histories on a wide variety of subjects. Richard Cándida Smith, who is also a professor in the Department of History at the University of California, Berkeley, directed the office until spring of 2012. During Cándida Smith's tenure, the number of oral history transcripts made available online expanded dramatically. Neil Henry, formerly Dean of the Department of Journalism at the University of California, Berkeley, is the current director, serving a two-year appointment that commenced in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30975700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975700" title="Harrow Chequers F.C.">
Harrow Chequers F.C.

Harrow Chequers Football Club was an association football club from London, United Kingdom. They were formed in 1865 and played their home matches at Kennington Oval, London. The club played an important part in English football in the 19th century and played in various FA Cups. They also provided England internationals such as Reginald de Courtenay Welch who played in the first ever international football match in 1872. They took part in the first staging of the FA Cup in the 1871–72 season and were drawn against eventual winners Wanderers in the first round but unfortunately the Wanderers progressed through with a walkover. Harrow Chequers next appearance in the FA Cup was in the 1874–75 competition where they were drawn against Civil Service but that also was a walkover to the opposition in the first round. The same occurrence happened the next season against Leyton in the same round but apart from this the club had many good results and played a big role in the early years of the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="30975721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975721" title="Taom Tanukale">
Taom Tanukale

Taom Tanukale is a Tuvaluan politician.
He began his career in national politics when he was elected to Parliament in a by-election in May 2005, as MP for Nui, following the death of his predecessor. He joined Prime Minister Maatia Toafa's parliamentary majority, and was appointed acting Minister for Health and Education, "while the incumbent went overseas for long-term medical treatment".
He failed to retain his seat in the August 2006 general election, but regained it in the September 2010 general election. In December of that year, Prime Minister Maatia Toafa was ousted in a motion of no confidence. Tanukale supported Toafa's opponent, Willy Telavi, who became Prime Minister and appointed him as Minister for Health. On 30 July 2013, as the government appeared to have lost its parliamentary majority and was about to face a motion of no confidence, Tanukale unexpectedly resigned from Parliament (and thus also from the government) altogether. The following day, the reason for his resignation became apparent. The Speaker, Kamuta Latasi, rejected the Opposition's attempt to table a motion of no confidence, on the grounds that there was now a vacant seat in Parliament. Latasi adjourned Parliament, and ruled that it would not reconvene until a by-election had been held - thus prolonging Telavi's minority government. This tactic proved fruitless as Governor General Sir Iakoba Italeli intervened on 1 August 2013 and removed Telavi from office, so as to enable Parliament to function. The following day, Parliament (minus Tanukale) formally brought down the government through a vote of no confidence.
Taom Tanukale was a candidate in the Nui by-election, which was held on 10 September 2013. Tanukale came third in the poll with 160 votes. Leneuoti Matusi was declared the winner, polling 297 of the 778 registered voters.

</doc>
<doc id="30975735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975735" title="Roger Jenkins (banker)">
Roger Jenkins (banker)

Roger Allan Jenkins (born 30 September 1955) is a British financier. From 1994 to 2009 Jenkins worked for Barclays in a variety of roles, including as Chief Executive of Barclays Capital's Private Equity Group, and from April 2008 as Executive Chairman of Investment Banking and Investment Management for the Middle East. In 2008 Jenkins played a key role in a £7.3 billion investment in Barclays made by the ruling families of Abu Dhabi and Qatar, and by the Qatari sovereign wealth fund. Since 2011 he has been a member of the Management Committee and Investment Committee of the Brazilian investment bank BTG Pactual. 
Estimates suggested that in 2005 Jenkins made somewhere between £40 million and £75 million, making him reputedly the highest paid banker in the City of London. That year the board of directors at Barclays, which did not include Jenkins, earned between them £12.3 million in salaries, benefits and bonuses.
Jenkins divides his time between Los Angeles, São Paulo, and the Middle East.
Background, education and sport.
Roger Jenkins was born in England, the son of an oil refinery manager. He attended Edinburgh Academy and studied economics at Heriot-Watt University. In his youth he was an accomplished sprinter, representing Scotland and Great Britain from 1973 to 1978. He won a silver medal at the World Student Games in Rome in 1975 at 400m. His brother David Jenkins won a silver medal for Great Britain in the 4 x 400 metres relay at the 1972 Olympics, but was later convicted of drug trafficking in the United States.
Early career.
Jenkins worked briefly at BP and joined Barclays as a graduate trainee in 1978. From 1982 to 1984 he was head of private placements at Barclays's investment banking division, Barclays de Zoete Wedd (BZW), in New York, leaving in 1987 to work for Kleinwort Benson, where he stayed for seven years. He rejoined Barclays in 1994 to set up a group advising companies on risk management.
Barclays.
Structured Capital Markets.
Jenkins developed an expertise in structuring and analysing the tax regimes of various countries. His group became Barclays Capital Structured Capital Markets. It recruited beyond banking and included Iain Abrahams, a former lawyer at Slaughter and May. One former colleague suggested that it was Abrahams who was "the brains behind the division", saying of Jenkins: "I wouldn't say he is brilliantly bright, but he is very good at internal politics." 
In 2009 The Guardian newspaper reported tales of a macho culture inside the Structured Capital Markets division, where, one source claimed, "the deals are so big you never say billion or million, you just say 16 bucks or 16 quid which meant billion". The same source suggested that tax avoidance "was so big it became the engine of growth for the whole of the investment banking arm". Some calculations had claimed that in 2002 Jenkins and his team generated revenues amounting to more than 100 per cent of Barclays Capital's profits, figures Barclays said were "gross exaggerations", adding that Jenkins was in charge of four businesses –tax-efficient financing being only one– and that those businesses generated less than 20 per cent of the bank's revenues.
Tax arbitrage.
A 2006 investigation by the Wall Street Journal claimed that in 2003 Jenkins and his team had set up a company co-owned by Barclays and the US bank Wachovia, Augustus Funding LLC, which was incorporated in Delaware but also had a London address and British directors. Although the company had no employees, products or customers, in 2004 it registered pretax profits of $317 million from assets such as Danish mortgage securities and U.S. Treasuries, on which it paid UK taxes of $94 million. According to the Wall Street Journal, thanks to "elaborate structure and cash flows" both Barclays and Wachovia were able to take credit for a full payment of the tax, meaning the $94 million could be claimed twice. The report suggested that Augustus Funding was one of at least nine structures involving US banks set up by Jenkins and his team. Barclays called the account of the transactions "materially inaccurate", while a statement from Wachovia said that they had "complied with all applicable laws and regulations".
Recapitalisation and Middle Eastern connections.
In April 2008 Barclays appointed Jenkins Executive Chairman of Investment Banking and Investment Management for the Middle East. In November his connections in the region were influential in securing £7.3 billion of investment in Barclays as the bank sought private funding to recapitalise following the financial crisis of that year. Jenkins delivered Quatari involvement in the deal worth £4.5 billion, with Qatar Holdings controlling 13 per cent of the bank and Challenger, an investment vehicle for Sheik Hamad, owning 3 per cent. A further 14 per cent of Barclays was taken up by Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi, who was advised on his investment by the financier and dealmaker Amanda Staveley. Speculation suggested that the personal reward for Jenkins was perhaps upwards of £30 million. "With contacts like that," said one Barclays employee, "you just name your price." Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nayhan subsequently sold his stake for a profit of over £2.25 billion.
iShares.
It was also reported that Jenkins paid a key role in the sale of Barclays's iShares business as part of the acquisition of their asset management operation, Barclays Global Investors, by the US firm BlackRock for $13.5 billion in June 2009.
After Barclays.
Jenkins left Barclays in August 2009. He retained a consultancy role with the bank while establishing his own advisory business based on his contacts in the Persian Gulf. 
In February 2010 Jenkins launched an advisory firm in Dublin, Elkstone Capital, looking at opportunities created by the Irish financial crisis. "If you are sitting in Dublin today, there are tremendous opportunities, from capital raising to restructuring to acquisitions," he said. Elkstone Capital closed in December 2011.
In October 2011 it was announced that Jenkins had joined BTG Pactual as a managing partner and would sit on the bank's global management and investment committees.
Personal life.
Jenkins married Catherine McDowell, a financier and banker at Barclays. In 1999 he married Sanela Diana Ćatić, whom he had met in the gym at the Barbican, where Jenkins was living after the end of his first marriage. Diana is a Bosnian who escaped to London from Sarajevo during the Bosnian war. It was reportedly Diana who introduced Jenkins to Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani, chairman of the Qatar Investment Authority, in 2006; she was a friend of the Sheikh's wife. In 2011 it was announced that their marriage had come to "a natural end" in 2009 and they jointly filed for divorce in late 2011.
In early 2012 it was reported that Jenkins was dating the Australian model Elle Macpherson; they attended the annual White House Correspondents' Association dinner together in April that year. In the summer 2013 Jenkins was spending his holidays at Formentera with Aída Yéspica.

</doc>
<doc id="30975742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975742" title="Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, 2003">
Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, 2003

The Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, 2003 (FRBMA) is an Act of the Parliament of India to institutionalise financial discipline, reduce India's fiscal deficit, improve macroeconomic management and the overall management of the public funds by moving towards a balanced budget. The main purpose was to eliminate revenue deficit of the country (building revenue surplus thereafter) and bring down the fiscal deficit to a manageable 3% of the GDP by March 2008. However, due to the 2007 international financial crisis, the deadlines for the implementation of the targets in the act was initially postponed and subsequently suspended in 2009. In 2011, given the process of ongoing recovery, Economic Advisory Council publicly advised the Government of India to reconsider reinstating the provisions of the FRBMA.
Enactment.
The Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management "Bill" (FRBM Bill) was introduced in India by the then Finance Minister of India, Mr.Yashwant Sinha in December, 2000. Firstly, the bill highlighted the terrible state of government finances in India both at the Union and the state levels under the statement of objects and reasons. Secondly, it sought to introduce the fundamentals of fiscal discipline at the various levels of the government.The FRBM bill was introduced with the broad objectives of eliminating revenue deficit by 31 Mar 2006, prohibiting government borrowings from the Reserve Bank of India three years after enactment of the bill, and reducing the fiscal deficit to 2% of GDP (also by 31 Mar 2006). Further, the bill proposed for the government to reduce liabilities to 50% of the estimated GDP by year 2011. There were mixed reviews among economists about the provisions of the bill, with some criticising it as "too drastic". Political debate ensued in the country. Several revisions later, it resulted in a much relaxed and watered-down version of the bill (including postponing the date for elimination of revenue deficit to 31 March 2008) with some experts, like Dr Saumitra Chaudhuri of ICRA Ltd.(and now a member of Prime Ministers' Economic Advisory Council) commenting, ‘‘all teeth of the Fiscal Responsibility Bill have been pulled out and in the current form it will not be able to deliver the anticipated results.’’ This bill was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government of India in February, 2003 and following the due enactment process of Parliament, it received the assent of the President of India on 26 August 2003. Subsequently, it became effective on 5 July 2004. This would serve as the "day of commencement of this Act".
Objectives.
The main objectives of the act were:
Additionally, the act was expected to give necessary flexibility to Reserve Bank of India(RBI) for managing inflation in India.
Content of the Act.
Since the act was primarily for the management of the governments' behaviour, it provided for certain documents to be tabled in the Parliament annually with regards to the country's fiscal policy. This included the following along with the Annual Financial Statement and "demands for grants":
The Act further required the government to develop measures to promote "fiscal transparency and reduce secrecy" in the preparation of the Government financial documents including the Union Budget.
Fiscal management principles.
The Central Government, by rules made by it, was to specify the following:
Borrowings from Reserve Bank of India.
The Act provided that the Central Government shall not borrow from the Reserve Bank of India(RBI) except under exceptional circumstances where there is temporary shortage of cash in particular financial year. It also laid down rules to prevent RBI from trading in the primary market for Government securities. It restricted them to the trading of Government securities in the secondary market after an April, 2005, barring situations highlighted in "exceptions" paragraph.
Exceptions.
National security, natural calamity or other "exceptional grounds that the Central Government may specify" were cited as reasons for not implementing the targets for "fiscal management principles, prohibition on borrowings from RBI and fiscal indicators" highlighted above, provided they were approved by both the Houses of the Parliament as soon as possible, once these targets had been exceeded.
Measures to enforce compliance.
This was a particularly weak area of the act. It required the Finance Minister of India to only conduct quarterly reviews of the receipts and expenditures of the Government and place these reports before the Parliament. Deviations to targets set by the Central government for fiscal policy had to be approved by the Parliament. No other measures for failure of compliance have been specified.
Implementation.
Targets and fiscal indicators.
Subsequent to the enactment of the FRBMA, the following targets and fiscal indicators were agreed by the Central government:
Four fiscal indicators to be projected in the medium term fiscal policy statement were proposed. These are, revenue deficit as a percentage of GDP, fiscal deficit as a percentage of GDP, tax revenue as percentage of GDP and total outstanding liabilities as percentage of GDP.
Jurisdiction.
The residuary powers to make rules with respect to this act were with the Central Government with subsequent presentation before the Parliament for ratification. Civil courts of the country had no jurisdiction for enforcement of this act or decisions made therein. The power to remove difficulties was also entrusted to the Central Government.
Criticism.
Some quarters, including the subsequent Finance Minister Mr. P. Chidambaram, criticised the act and its rules as "adverse" since it might require the government to cut back on social expenditure necessary to create "productive assets" and general upliftment of rural poor of India. The vagaries of monsoon in India, the social dependence on agriculture and over-optimistic projections of the task force in-charge of developing the "targets" were highlighted as some of the potential failure points of the Act. However, other viewpoints insisted that the act would benefit the country by maintaining stable inflation rates which in turn would promote social progress.
Some others have drawn parallel to this act's international counterparts like the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act (US) and the Growth and Stability Pact (EU) to point out the futility of enacting laws whose relevance and implementation over time is bound to decrease. They described the law as "wishful thinking" and a "triumph of hope over experience". Parallels were drawn to the US experience of enacting "debt-ceilings" and how lawmakers have traditionally been able to amend such laws to their own political advantage. Similar fate was predicted for the Indian version which indeed was suspended in 2009 when the economy hit rough patches.
Suspension and reinstatement.
Implementing the Act, the government had managed to cut the fiscal deficit to 2.7% of GDP and revenue deficit to 1.1% of GDP in 2007–08. However, given the international financial crisis of 2007, the deadlines for the implementation of the targets in the act were suspended. The fiscal deficit rose to 6.2% of GDP in 2008–09 against the target of 3% set by the Act for 2008–09. However, IMF estimated fiscal deficit to be 8% after accounting for oil bonds and other off budget expenses.
In August 2009, IMF had opined that India should implement fiscal reform at the soonest possible, enacting a successor to the current act. This IMF paper was authored by two senior IMF economists Alejandro Sergio Simone and Petia Topalova and highlighted the shortcomings of the current law along with proposed improvements for a new version.
It was reported that the Thirteenth Finance Commission of India was working on a new plan for reinstating fiscal management in India. The initial expectation for revival of "fiscal prudence" was in 2010–11 but was further delayed. Finally, the government did announce a path of fiscal consolidation starting from fiscal deficit of 6.6% of GDP in 2009–10 to a target of 3.0% by 2014–15 However, eminent economist and ex-RBI Deputy Governor, S.S. Tarapore is quick to highlight the use of creative accounting to misrepresent numbers in the past. Furthermore, he added that fiscal consolidation is indeed vital for India, as long as the needs of the poor citizens are not marginalised. This need for financial inclusion of the poor while maintaining the fiscal discipline was highlighted by him as the most critical requirement for the 2011–12 Budget of India.
More recently, in February 2011, the PMEAC recommended the need for reinstatement of fiscal discipline of the Government of India, starting 2011–12 financial year. In FY 2011–12, it is almost certain that government will cross budgetary fiscal deficit target of 4.6% and it will be around 5%.
States level fiscal responsibility legislations in India.
The tenth plan of the Planning Commission of India highlighted the need for fiscal discipline at even the level of the states. This was to reduce the debt-to-GDP ratio of India. Reserve Bank of India(RBI),in its role as the ultimate financial authority in India, was also a keen supporter of the concept and publicly highlighted the need for state level fiscal responsibility legislations in India. By 2007, the states of Karnataka,
Kerala, Punjab, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh are among those which have already legislated the required fiscal discipline laws at the state level.

</doc>
<doc id="30975754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975754" title="Grasshopper (company)">
Grasshopper (company)

Grasshopper (Phone System) is a business that sells call forwarding and answering services to small businesses. Headquartered in Needham, Massachusetts, Grasshopper was started by Siamak Taghaddos and David Hauser in 2003. Grasshopper uses Gary, a grasshopper cartoon, as a logo and mascot. Grasshopper is a private company owned by Grasshopper Group, LLC. 
History.
Grasshopper was created in 2003 by David Hauser and Siamak Taghaddos when they were students at Babson College in Wellesley, Massachusetts. As students of entrepreneurship, they wanted to create a phone system that would allow them to easily stay connected to customers and other business contacts. In 2002, Taghaddos wrote a business plan for a telecom company and caught the attention of David Hauser. The two would become business partners, with Taghaddos as CEO and Hauser as CTO. 
The company was originally GotVMail but was rebranded in 2009 to Grasshopper. As part of the rebranding campaign, 25,000 chocolate-covered grasshoppers were sent to industry influencers and customers. A video called “Entrepreneurs Can Change The World” was released at the same time.
Other companies have arisen from Grasshopper such as Chargify, Spreadable (which was shut down in May 2011), PopSurvey, Temper.io, and Rejoiner.
Headquarters and Culture.
Grasshopper is headquartered in Needham, Massachusetts and has approximately 45 employees. It is owned by Grasshopper Group LLC, which also owns Chargify. 
Grasshopper’s Core Values are Go Above and Beyond, Always Entrepreneurial, Radically Passionate, Your Team (G.A.R.Y.) Its Brand Promise encourages employees to be Extraordinarily Connected, Ridiculously Professional, Entrepreneurially Generous, and Radically Easy.
Products and Services.
Grasshopper sells toll free numbers for the United States and Canada. Customers can choose from four plans (MAX, GROW, RAMP, and PAY AS YOU GROW). The phone system offers functionality that includes auto-attendants, custom main greetings, voicemail transcription, voicemail, call forwarding, outbound fax, on-hold music, and unlimited extensions.
National Entrepreneurs' Day.
In 2011, Siamak Taghaddos and David Hauser began circulating a petition to create a National Entrepreneurs’ Day, which would be part of National Entrepreneurship Week, which occurs each year in November. In 2012 and 2013, President Barack Obama acknowledged this day, though it has not become an official American holiday.
Awards.
In 2004, Siamak Taghaddos is featured in the Boston Business Journal's "40 Under 40."
In December 2003, David Hauser and Siamak Taghaddos are named the Best Entrepreneurs Under 25 by Businessweek.
In 2006, GotVMail receives 2006 Internet Telephony Excellence Award.
In 2007, GotVMail makes #66 on Inc.'s List of 500 Fastest Growing Private Companies. 
In 2011, David Hauser and Siamak Taghaddos are included on Under30CEO’s list of 30 Most Influential Entrepreneurs of 2011.
In 2011, Siamak Taghaddos and David Hauser are featured on Inc. Magazine’s 30 Under 30 List.

</doc>
<doc id="30975755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975755" title="Martin Luhový">
Martin Luhový

Martin Luhový (born 9 October 1985 in Púchov) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Slovak 5. liga club TJ ISKRA Borčice.

</doc>
<doc id="30975762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975762" title="Midlands Prison">
Midlands Prison

The Midlands Prison is a closed, medium security prison in Portlaoise, Co. Laois. It receives prisoners who are aged 17 years and over. It has a bed capacity of 516 and its daily average number of inmates resident in 2009 was 512.
History.
The Midlands Prison was built adjacent to Portlaoise Prison with which it shares some facilities. It was built as a public-private partnership at a cost of £46 million (Irish punts). It opened in 2000. It is not a committal prison as all prisoners resident have been transferred from other prisoners. A very small number of prisoners in the resident population are awaiting trial but the vast majority of prisoners have already been sentenced. It receives prisoners from Carlow, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Offaly and Westmeath. As of 2012 they are holding 615 and cannot hold any more.

</doc>
<doc id="30975769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975769" title="2011 Monterrey Open">
2011 Monterrey Open

The 2011 Monterrey Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the third edition of the Monterrey Open and was categorized as an International tournament on the 2011 WTA Tour. It took place at the Sierra Madre Tennis Club in Monterrey, Mexico, from February 28 through March 6, 2011.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry via qualifying:

</doc>
<doc id="30975816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975816" title="John Waddell">
John Waddell

John Waddell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30975837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975837" title="Amica (disambiguation)">
Amica (disambiguation)

Amica is the Latin word for "friend" in the feminine (i.e., "female friend") and may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30975854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975854" title="Dog Days (anime)">
Dog Days (anime)

Plot.
Season 1.
Cinque Izumi is a cheerful and athletic half-Japanese, half-English boy who studies at Kinokawa International School in Japan, and has a normal life everyday until he suddenly got summoned to the alternate world of . The people there look no different from humans, except for one thing; they have animal ears and tails. The one who summoned him is Millhiore, the dog-like Princess of the , who requested his assistance in their war against the forces of the feline-like .
After responding to Millhiore's plea, he receives a sacred weapon, the , and is appointed as a Hero to fight for Biscotti in a war that unlike the ones in Earth, is waged with special rules and no casualties, in a fashion similar to a sports competition with the purpose to raise funds for the Kingdoms involved, where the winner faction claims a larger sum than the losing side. After winning his first battle for Biscotti, Cinque learns that when a hero is summoned into Flonyard he becomes unable to return to his homeworld, a fact that Millhiore also was unaware of.
The scientists of Biscotti promise to Cinque to find a way for him to return home in 16 days, the remaining time until his meeting with his friend Rebecca Anderson whom he promised to spend the last three days of his Spring Break with. Until then, he decides to keep serving Millhiore as Biscotti's hero.
Season 2.
Three months after his adventure in Flonyard, Cinque gets summoned back once again, this time bringing Rebecca with him. His cousin and rival athlete Nanami, also is summoned to Flonyard as Galette's Hero. The First Princess of the squirrel-like , Couvert, scouts Rebecca and convinces her to become their hero. With each of the three nations having a hero, they decide to hold the Union Festival, a special competition between them. Meanwhile, Cinque, Nanami and Rebecca explore the world of Flonyard, having many adventures with their native friends. After the Union Festival ends, the three heroes return home, promising to visit Flonyard again in the near future.
Media.
Anime.
The anime series, produced by Aniplex and Seven Arcs, is directed by Keizo Kusakawa, series composition by Masaki Tsuzuki, character designs by Osamu Sakata, music by I've Sound, Maiko Iuchi, Susumu Natsume and Yui Isshiki, and produced by the production company Project DD. The series aired 13 episodes from April 2 to June 25, 2011 on Tokyo MX, Tochigi TV, Gunma TV, Chiba TV, TVK, TV Saitama and MBS, with subsequent runs on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting and BS11. Six DVD and Blu-ray Disc (BD) volumes were released by Aniplex between July 27 and December 21, 2011. The series' opening theme is "Scarlet Knight" by Nana Mizuki and the ending theme song is "Presenter" by Yui Horie, both produced and composed by Elements Garden. A guidebook to the series, called "Dog Days: Memory of Flonyard", was released by Kadokawa Shoten on January 26, 2012.
A second anime season, titled , aired 13 episodes from July 7 to September 29, 2012 on Tokyo MX, with subsequent runs on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting, Chiba TV, TV Kanagawa, TV Saitama, Tochigi TV, Gunma TV, KBS Kyoto, Sun Television, and BS11. Keizo Kusakawa did not return as director for the season, instead being replaced with Junji Nishimura. Crunchyroll provided a simulcast of the second season beginning on July 14, 2012, with the first season to be uploaded at a later date. DVD and BD compilation volumes will be released by Aniplex, beginning on September 26, 2012. The opening theme for the second season is "Fearless Hero" by Nana Mizuki and the ending theme song is by Yui Horie.
A third anime season has been announced.
Printed media.
A light novel adaptation of "Dog Days", illustrated by Kiro Habane, was serialized between the March and July 2011 issues of Kadokawa Shoten's "Newtype" magazine.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Takuya Fujima was serialized in multiple magazines by Kadokawa Shoten. The first chapter was serialized in the April 2011 issue of "Newtype"; the second and third chapters were serialized in the May 2011 issue of "Comptiq"; and the fourth chapter was serialized in "Comp Ace". The chapters were later collected into a "tankōbon" volume by Kadokawa Shoten, published on October 26, 2011 under their "Comics Ace" imprint.
Drama CDs.
A series of drama CDs based on the first season of the anime have been released by Aniplex. The first CD volume was released on August 24, 2011, with a total of three CD volumes released as of December 21, 2011. The CDs are side stories that take place between the episodes of the anime, the first taking place after episode 5, the second taking place after episode 12, and the third serving as an epilogue to the first season.

</doc>
<doc id="30975906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975906" title="Kopek (band)">
Kopek (band)

Kopek are an Irish rock band from Dublin, Ireland composed of Daniel Jordan (guitar, vocals), Brad Kinsella (bass, vocals) and Eoin Ryan (drums).
History.
Formation and early gigs.
Original drummer Shane Cooney and bassist Brad Kinsella grew up as next-door neighbors in Dublin, and shared a love of classic and modern rock music. The first singer who answered their ad in a local musician's magazine was Daniel Jordan from Ashbourne, and from there the band Bloom was born, although they subsequently took on the name Kopek. Early gigs around Dublin included many battle of the bands contests, which the trio won regularly. From 2002 to 2009, Kopek toured and continued to win competitions around the world. In 2005, Kopek won the Best Live Act at the Global Battle Of The Bands, garnering them $100,000 and a world tour. Their single "Cocaine Chest Pains" reached number 25 in the American active rock charts and went top ten in Canada in rock for ten weeks. In 2009, Dublin-based record company Religion Music signed the band to a multi-album deal.
"White Collar Lies".
Kopek's debut album, "White Collar Lies", was released on iTunes in June 2010, and a physical release on 18 January 2011. The album was met with high praise: ""White Collar Lies" by Kopek is genius through and through, and is an astonishing feat for a debut album. If Kopek's musical talents and writing abilities continue to increase and mature in the direction in which they are currently pointed then they are poised to conquer the world." The single "Love is Dead" was featured in the film "Saw 3D". Kopek toured the United States for 6 months from January to July 2011 in support of their debut album, "White Collar Lies". In 2012, they signed a European record deal for the release of "White Collar Lies" with "Love is Dead" as the album's lead single.
Awards.
"Best Live Act" (2005) at Global Battle of the Bands

</doc>
<doc id="30975914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975914" title="Traffic Information Service – Broadcast">
Traffic Information Service – Broadcast

Traffic Information Service-Broadcast (TIS-B) is an aviation information service broadcast provided to aircraft using both the 1090 MHz extended squitter (1090 ES) and the Universal Access Transceiver (UAT) band of Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B). Currently the service mainly benefits General Aviation (GA) aircraft who have equipped with ADS-B “in” hardware by providing a traffic information relay to a screen in the cockpit. This allows pilots to see real time satellite and radar data similar to what an air traffic controller sees on the ground. 
At this time TIS-B is meant to be only a supplement to visual separation when operating in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) and as a backup to radar when operating under instrument flight rules (IFR).

</doc>
<doc id="30975922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975922" title="Southern Sudan Autonomous Region (2005–11)">
Southern Sudan Autonomous Region (2005–11)

Southern Sudan ( "Ḥukūmatu Janūbi s-Sūdān") was an autonomous region consisting of the ten southern states of Sudan between its formation in July 2005 and independence as the Republic of South Sudan in July 2011. The autonomous government was initially established in Rumbek and later moved to Juba. It was bordered by Ethiopia to the east; Kenya, Uganda, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the south; and the Central African Republic to the west. To the north lies the predominantly Arab and Muslim region directly under the control of the central government. The region's autonomous status was a condition of a peace agreement between the Sudan People's Liberation Army/Movement (SPLA/M) and the Government of Sudan represented by the National Congress Party ending the Second Sudanese Civil War. The conflict was Africa's longest running civil war.
History.
Egypt, under the rule of Khedive Isma'il Pasha, first attempted to colonise the region in the 1870s, establishing the province of Equatoria in the southern portion. Egypt's first governor was Samuel Baker, commissioned in 1869, followed by Charles George Gordon in 1874 and by Emin Pasha in 1878. The Mahdist War of the 1880s destabilised the nascent province, and Equatoria ceased to exist as an Egyptian outpost in 1889. Important settlements in Equatoria included Lado, Gondokoro, Dufile and Wadelai. In 1947, British hopes to join the southern part of Sudan with Uganda were dashed by the Juba Conference, to unify northern and southern Sudan.
Civil war.
The region was affected by two civil wars since Sudanese independence – the Sudanese government fought the Anyanya rebel army from 1955 to 1972 in the First Sudanese Civil War and then SPLA/M in the Second Sudanese Civil War for almost twenty-one years after the founding of SPLA/M in 1983 – resulting in serious neglect, lack of infrastructural development, and major destruction and displacement. More than 2.5 million people were killed, and more than 5 million were externally displaced while others have been internally displaced, becoming refugees as a result of the civil war and war-related impacts.
Peace agreement and autonomy.
On 9 January 2005, a peace treaty was signed in Nairobi, Kenya, ending the Second Sudanese Civil War and reestablishing Southern autonomy. John Garang, then leader of the Sudan People's Liberation Army/Movement, feted the treaty, predicting, "This peace agreement will change Sudan forever." The treaty provided for a referendum on South Sudanese independence to be held on 9 January 2011, six years after the original signing. It also divided oil income evenly between the North and the South
Use of "sharia" law continued in the Muslim-majority North, while in Southern Sudan, its authority was devolved to the elected assembly. Southern Sudan ultimately rejected implementation of "sharia" law. In late 2010, Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir announced that if Southern Sudan voted for independence, Sudan would fully adopt "sharia" as the basis for law.
President Salva Kiir Mayardit and the SPLA disputed the results of the 2008 Sudanese census, which claimed Southern Sudan accounted for 21 percent of the population. The SPLA insisted that Southern Sudan included closer to one-third of the national population and that Southern Sudanese had been undercounted.
Referendum for independence (2011).
A referendum on independence for Southern Sudan was held from January 9–15, 2011. Preliminary results released by the Southern Sudan Referendum Commission on January 30, 2011 indicate that 98% of voters selected the "separation" option, with 1% selecting "unity". Southern Sudan became an independent country on July 9, 2011, a date set by the Comprehensive Peace Agreement. On 31 January 2011, Sudanese Vice-President Ali Osman Mohamed Taha stated the Sudanese Government's "acceptance" of the referendum results. On January 23, 2011, members of a steering committee on post-independence governing told reporters that upon independence the land would be named the Republic of South Sudan "out of familiarity and convenience." Other names that had been considered were Azania, Nile Republic, Kush Republic and even Juwama, a portmanteau for Juba, Wau and Malakal, three major cities.
Government and politics.
The Comprehensive Peace Agreement led to the promulgation of an Interim Constitution of Southern Sudan which established the autonomous Government of Southern Sudan headed by a President. The President was Head of Government and Commander-in-Chief of the Sudan People's Liberation Army. John Garang, the founder of the SPLA/M was the first President until his death on 30 July 2005. Salva Kiir Mayärdït, his deputy, was sworn in as First Vice President of Sudan and President of the Southern Sudan on 11 August 2005. Riek Machar replaced him as Vice-President. Legislative power is vested in the government and the unicameral Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly. The Constitution also provided for an independent judiciary, the highest organ being the Supreme Court.
States and counties.
The Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) granted the Government of Southern Sudan authority over the three historical provinces of (Bahr el Ghazal, Equatoria, and Upper Nile) which previously enjoyed autonomy as the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region between 1972 and 1983. It did not include Nuba Mountains, Abyei and Blue Nile. Abyei was hold a referendum on joining Southern Sudan or staying under Sudanese control, while Nuba Mountains (South Kurdufan as a whole) and Blue Nile were required to hold "popular consultations".
The autonomous government had authority over the following regions and States of Sudan:
The ten states were further subdivided into 86 counties.
Abyei Area.
Abyei is a region located on the border between southern Sudan and northern Sudan that is claimed by both sides. The region was to hold a referendum on joining the south or remaining part of the north at the same time as the southern independence referendum but this was postponed. As part of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, an Abyei Area Administration was established on 31 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30975925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975925" title="Lady Cocoa">
Lady Cocoa

Lady Cocoa (also known as Pop Goes the Weasel) is a 1975 low-budget American blaxploitation crime drama that was directed by Matt Cimber. With Lola Falana in the title role, the film also featured Millie Perkins, Gene Washington and Alex Dreier. It was released by Moonstone Entertainment, and written by George Theakos.
Plot.
The film tells the story of a woman (Lola Falana) who is released from jail for 24 hours prior to testifying against her ex-boyfriend, played by James A. Watson Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="30975939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975939" title="Javed Mohammed">
Javed Mohammed

Javed Mohammed (born April 17, 1989) is a Trinidadian footballer who currently plays in the TT Pro League with T&TEC SC.
Career.
College and amateur.
Mohammed played college soccer at the University of South Florida where he played 80 games for the Bulls and was named Second Team All-BIG EAST Conference in 2009.
During his colligete offseason, Mohammed spent the 2008 season with the Bradenton Academics of the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
On January 18, 2011, Mohammed was drafted in the 3rd round by the Colorado Rapids in the 2011 MLS Supplemental Draft (54th overall). However, he was cut by the club a month later.
In 2011, he joined Trinidad and Tobago professional league outfit T&TEC SC.
International.
Mohammed has played internationally for Trinidad and Tobago's U-17 and U-20 national teams.

</doc>
<doc id="30975944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975944" title="Parque Los Berros">
Parque Los Berros

Parque Los Berros, in Xalapa, Veracruz, is located a short distance to the southeast of the center of town, in the neighbourhood of the Stadium.
Its name was derived from an edible herb called "berros" (garden cress) that used to grow in the area.
Throughout the 19th century, the place would turn into a mosquito-infested marshland during the Summer rainy season. The rest of the year, it was occasionally used for horse-racing, as is shown in an engraving published in "Historia Antigua de Jalapa" by Manuel Rivera y Cambas, in 1871.
It was on this site, most probably the army campground, around April 20, 1847, that members of the Fourth Illinois Infantry Regiment played the first game of baseball in México, as gathered from oral tradition and recorded in a 1909 publication, perhaps the first ever played outside the U.S. As a bat, they used the "wooden peg leg" of Antonio López de Santa Anna that they had captured a day or so before, at the Battle of Cerro Gordo.

</doc>
<doc id="30975948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30975948" title="Mortimer M. Jackson">
Mortimer M. Jackson

Mortimer Melville Jackson (March 5, 1809 – October 13, 1889) was an American Whig politician and diplomat from Wisconsin.
Born in Rensselaerville, New York, Jackson was educated in New York City, where he studied law and was admitted to the bar. He was also involved with the Whig Party. In 1838, Jackson moved to Mineral Point, Wisconsin Territory, where he practiced law, involving the lead mining industry. In 1842, Wisconsin Territorial Governor James Duane Doty appointed Jackson Wisconsin Territorial Attorney General and he served until 1846. In 1848, Jackson was elected a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge and also served as a justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court, until the court was formed in 1853. In 1861, President Abraham Lincoln appointed Jackson United States Consul in Canada until 1882, when Jackson retired and return to Madison, Wisconsin, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="30976038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976038" title="Delabole wind farm">
Delabole wind farm

The Delabole wind farm is a wind farm located in Delabole, Cornwall, England. It was the first commercial wind farm constructed in the UK.
The farm was first proposed in 1989, and was opened in 1991. For its first two decades, it operated ten wind turbines, built by Vestas. In February 2011, an £11.8 million rebuilding of the facility was completed, which replaced the original ten with four new turbines, which are larger than the original ones. After the rebuilding, the facility has a potential power output of 9.2 megawatts, an increase from the original four megawatt output.

</doc>
<doc id="30976075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976075" title="Isaia Italeli">
Isaia Italeli

Isaia Italeli Taeia (1960s – 19/20 July 2011), more commonly known as Isaia Italeli, was a Tuvaluan politician.
He was elected to Parliament as MP for Nui in the September 2010 general election, at which time his elder brother, Sir Iakoba Italeli Taeia, was serving as Governor-General. 
On 29 September 2010, he was elected Speaker of Parliament. He joined the Opposition to Prime Minister Maatia Toafa's government in December 2010, along with a backbencher and Home Affairs Minister Willy Telavi, enabling the latter to oust Toafa in a motion of no confidence, and replace him. As Prime Minister, Telavi appointed Italeli Minister for Works and Natural Resources. 
Death.
He was found dead in his room at the Hotel Elisa in the Samoan capital, Apia, on 20 July 2011. He was in Samoa to attend a Pacific Forum Fisheries Ministers' Meeting. The Samoan police stated that, although the death was sudden, and Italeli was only in his 40s, the death was "likely" to be of natural causes. He was buried on Nui on 25 July 2011 following a state funeral. 
His widow, Pelenike Isaia, succeeded him to Parliament in the resulting by-election the following month, stating she would continue his work, and thus becoming only the second woman ever to sit in the Tuvaluan Parliament. 

</doc>
<doc id="30976079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976079" title="Let Love Win">
Let Love Win

Let Love Win is the debut major label studio album from Christian pop rock band The Museum. It was released on July 27, 2010 by BEC Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="30976097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976097" title="Micromyrtus minutiflora">
Micromyrtus minutiflora

Micromyrtus minutiflora is a spreading shrub in the myrtle family, only found on alluvial soils in open forest in the western districts of Sydney. It may grow to 1.5 metres tall, featuring tiny leaves. Flowering occurs in the warmer months. A rare plant, listed in New South Wales as endangered by extinction. Threats to its existence include urban expansion, habitat loss, weed invasion, human recreation and the dumping of rubbish.

</doc>
<doc id="30976128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976128" title="International Short Stories">
International Short Stories

International Short Stories is a three-volume anthology of outstanding English, American, and French short stories and novellae of the 18th, 19th, and early 20th century. It was published by P.F. Collier & Son in 1910. The first volume features celebrated short fiction from the United States, the second volume of England, and the third of France (translated into English). The three-volume series was compiled by Frances J. Reynolds, and edited by William Patten.

</doc>
<doc id="30976151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976151" title="You Might Be a Redneck If…">
You Might Be a Redneck If…

You Might Be a Redneck If… is an album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on June 15, 1993. The album peaked at number 38 on the Billboard 200 chart and has been certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jeff Foxworthy.

</doc>
<doc id="30976155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976155" title="Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi">
Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi

, sometimes shortened to Hoshikaka and also known by the translation A Bridge to the Starry Skies, is an erotic visual novel developed and published by Feng, released on October 15, 2010 for Windows. The story, a mostly comedic slice-of-life, centers on Kazuma Hoshino, an adolescent boy who moves into rural Japan with his brother, and the personal and romantic encounters he has with a handful of the female residents there. Though the game requires little interaction from users, "Hoshikaka" engages the player through a nonlinear plot that they are given opportunities to change the course of during play.
Feng announced work on "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" in May 2009 and marketed it through public venues and the broadcast of a radio drama throughout development. The game was postponed a total of nine times and released almost a year after its initial date but was met with relatively positive reception. On November 11, 2011 Feng announced work on a fan disc for the game, set to be released on February 24, 2012.
Following the game's release, "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" made transitions into other media. Two light novels were published, as was an art book, audio dramas and several albums of music. A twelve-episode animated television series and direct-to-video (OVA) single release was also produced by Dogakobo.
Gameplay.
As a visual novel, "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" contains extremely minimal gameplay. The game is presented in a traditional fashion, with static backgrounds and moderately altered character poses viewed from a mostly first-person perspective. At predetermined intervals, the game stops, and players are presented with one to two responses or actions relevant to the scene in progress to make, or not make, on behalf of characters. Each selection branches the game's progress up to that point in an alternate direction, while also causing the player's love toward a character to blossom, plateau, or diminish, thus providing for a nonlinear storytelling experience. Being an erotic title, relationships between characters may expectedly become sexual; scenes of this kind depict a varying combination of groping, oral sex and intercourse, with censors over genitals.
Plot.
Kazuma Hoshino is a young student who, in the company of his younger brother Ayumu, move from undisclosed urban Japan into the rural city of Yamabiko. On their way to Yorozuyo Inn, where they are prearranged to lodge, the boys get on the wrong bus, forcing them to wait out the next ride at a stop. Lounging around and passing time, a wild monkey mischievously steals Ayumu's hat, and an upset Kazuma gives chase into surrounding forest.
Minutes pass, and though scuffed and worn, Kazuma is able to recover the hat to the realization that he is lost. Ui Nakatsugawa, a schoolgirl, happens upon Kazuma and happily leads him in the direction of the bus stop, skipping across a river he'd passed earlier with ease. Encouraged by her to do the same, Kazuma lands wrong, causing him to tackle Ui to the ground with a kiss. Having been seen and scolded by her friend Ibuki Hinata, Kazuma leaves, disheartened that his time with Ui was momentary.
The following day, having moved into their room at the inn, Kazuma and Ayumu head to their new school, Yamabiko South Academy. Much to his surprise, it is during his introduction to the class that Kazuma meets Ui and Ibuki again.
Characters.
"Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" follows the life of Kazuma Hoshino, a teenage boy who moves into the fictional rural town of Yamabiko with his younger brother, Ayumu, on account of Ayumu's asthma. After getting himself lost in a forest, Kazuma meets Ui Nakatsugawa, a cute and cheerful, if airheaded, schoolgirl who he takes an almost immediate liking to. As they make their way back to where Ayumu is waiting, Kazuma learns that Ui is fond of cooking, has a refined sense of taste, sports a nearly insatiable appetite, and by extension, loves eating. During their walk through the forest Kazuma also becomes acquainted with Ibuki Hinata, Ui's temperamental, spitfire of a best-friend. In spite of his admirable efforts to make up for his faux pas, Ibuki does not hold a high opinion of Kazuma until much later when his genuinely positive and friendly qualities lead to her developing feelings for him.
After returning to Yamabiko, Kazuma and Ayumu become acquaintanced with a number of other people. Senka Yorozu is a friend of their father's and the landlady of Yorozuyo Inn where they stay. She is a gregarious woman, with a penchant for drinking. During their walk to school the next day they meet Tsumugi Toudou, a down-home, third-year senior, who familiarizes the boys with the town and its culture. At school Kazuma becomes friends with Daigo Minamikokubaru, a classmate of his with a fondness for online games (and son of their homeroom teacher). He later meets Hina Sakai, a tall and quiet girl with a fondness for anything cute.
On their way back from campus, Kazuma and the group wait for Ayumu to join them from his middle school. Ayumu arrives in the company of Kasane Toudou, Tsumugi's youngest sister, a sweet-natured girl known around the town for her interest in gossip. In touring the community, everyone makes their way to the local Shinto shrine, where the miko and daughter of the priest, Madoka Komoto, is introduced to the boys. Much to their surprise, Madoka runs off in a panic at the sight of Kazuma, something that happens again at school the next day. He returns to see her at the shrine the following afternoon and is interrupted by Koyori Toudou, the middle Toudou sister (younger than Tsumugi and older than Kasane). With a similar personality to Ibuki (loud and brash), Koyori similarly does not welcome Kazuma until his kindness shows through, such as when he breaks her fall from a tree.
Development.
According to "D-Dream", a distributor of visual novels and domestic anime products, "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" was officially announced by Feng on May 8, 2009. The official website had also gone live around this time, and from September 28 to November 16, character profiles, sample artwork, and voice clips were added.
On November 26, 2009, "D-Dream" reported that "Hoshikaka" had been postponed from its original release date on December 11, 2009 to February 26, 2010. In the following month, on December 18, Feng announced that it would be attending the Akihabara Electric Festival on December 27 at the Akihabara Sofmap Amusement Hall to promote the game, selling phonecards and dakimakura cases. From December 25, 2009 to February 4, 2010, Feng remained relatively quiet about the game's development, until on February 5 it was announced that the game had been postponed from February 26 to April 23. More artwork samples were added from March 5 to 12, and on April 13, the game was postponed for a third time from April 23 to May 28. On April 30, after adding more sample artwork, Feng announced that it would be attending Dream Party 2010, an anime convention, on May 23 at Tokyo Big Sight in Ariake, selling dakimakura cases and t-shirts. After adding more sample art on March 7, the company postponed the game for a fourth time on March 14, from May 28 to June 25.
More art and voice samples were added from May 28 to June 11, with a fifth postponement on June 16 from June 25 to July 30. On June 24, the company announced that it would be distributing free "Hoshikaka" posters the following day at the Sofmap retail establishment in Chiyoda. The shortened version of the game's ending theme "Hiroga ru Yozora no Shita de" was published on July 2, and on July 16 the game's opening movie was released along with a sixth postponement from July 30 to August 27. A week later on July 24, Feng posted the game's first collection of purchasable merchandise. The company announced days later on July 30 that it would be attending Comiket 78 at Tokyo Big Site from August 13 to 15, selling dakimakura cases, wall scrolls, keyboard covers, cellphone screen wipes, bath salts, hand fans, towels and air fresheners.
On August 12, 2010 Feng released a public trial of "Hoshikaka". The game was postponed for a seventh time on August 19 from August 27 to September 24. A second trial was released on September 10, followed shortly by an eighth postponement on September 14 from September 24 to September 30. This date change was then followed by a ninth postponement on September 22, when it was changed from September 30 to October 15. In the following week, Feng announced that it would be attending the Dream Party Autumn 2010 at Tokyo Big Sight on October 3, selling dakimakura cases. With the absence of a tenth postponement, Feng announced on October 8 that it would be hosting a celebratory event for the game's release on October 15 at Sofmap retailers in Akihabara, holding a raffle and autographing copies of the game. A third trial was released on October 10, and on October 15, the game was released.
Release history.
On the day of release, Feng published a patch for "Hoshikaka", adding additional functionality to the game and crushing numerous bugs, bringing the game to version 1.01. The following year on February 15, 2011, Feng released a free, downloadable expansion to the game called the St. Valentine's Day Patch, which added extra routes for Ui and Hina.
Feng announced "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi AA", a fan disc, on November 11, 2011, set for release February 24, 2012. "Getchu.com" ranked "AA" in their 50 most reserved games for its time of recently announced titles.
Sales.
"Getchu.com", a major distributor of visual novels and domestic anime products, ranked "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" as the number one visual novel sold for the month of its release but failed to chart any further. It was, however, ranked as the third most sold game for the entire year in the company.
Media.
Books and publications.
"Hoshikaka" never transpired into a manga, though it did make it into other print. The first of these was the "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi Visual Fan Book" published by ASCII Media Works on March 30, 2011, an artbook of character illustrations and staff interviews and commentaries. Two light novels, written by Kurumi Morisaki, were also published by Kadokawa Shoten. Retelling the story of the original game, the first volume was published July 26, 2011. Morisak would follow up the book with a second, published December 26.
Anime.
"Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" was notably adapted into a twelve-episode anime television series by Dogakobo. News of this first appeared on December 29, 2010 when Dogakobo announced via their blog that information about the show had been posted on its then-new website. Stations participating in the broadcast included Chiba TV, Tokyo MX, TV Aichi, Sun TV, TV Saitama, and AT-X, the premiere of which would air on AT-X on April 4. From July 6 to December 7, 2011, "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" was published into six DVDs and Blu-rays containing two episodes each.
Dogakobo also produced one direct-to-video (OVA) episode of "Hoshikaka". News of it was posted on August 12, 2011, mentioning that a new character would be voiced by singer-songwriter Yukari Tamura. Updates were added from September 5 to November 28, and on December 21, the episode was released as a limited and regular edition DVD and Blu-ray.
Audio CDs.
From 2010 to 2011, five albums of "Hoshikaka" music were published. The "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi Opening Theme" single, containing the game's opening theme of the same name, the closing theme , performed by Nomico and Ringo Aoba, and their instrumentals, was the first to be distributed on December 29, 2010 at Comiket 79, published under Feng's own label.
The following year, Pony Canyon published four albums. The singles , a four-track disc performed by Nomico, and , another four-track featuring the voices of Eriko Nakamura and Ai Shimizu, the voice actresses for Ui and Madoka, were released on May 27, 2011. A month later, on June 27, the company released the game's original soundtrack, and on August 3, the "Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi Character Song Album", an eight-track album featuring music performed by the anime's voice actresses was released.
"Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi Radio", a radio drama that was broadcast during development, was also published into two albums, released October 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30976191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976191" title="Frohberg Castle">
Frohberg Castle

Frohberg Castle () is a medieval castle ruin in the Swiss municipality of Aesch in the canton of canton of Basel-Land.
Location.
The ruin is on a rocky ridge at the upper end of the Klus valley on the way to the old Platten pass road. It lies near the ruins of Schalberg Castle, the ruins of Engenstein Castle and the ruins of Münchberg Castle. It is the rearmost castle in the Aesch controlled Klus valley and is the of the castles built on the ridge above Aesch.
History.
The stronghold at Frohberg was first mentioned in 1292 when Conrad I Schaler "de Vroberg" was mentioned. It is likely that the castle was built by the Schaler family in the second half of the 13th Century. Although the castle dominated the way across the Platten pass (between Birseck and Laufental), the location of other castles in the immediate vicinity, suggests that the motivation for the castle was not the collection of tolls, but power games between the families of the Schaler and Münch.
Werner Meyer noted that the castle was perhaps never quite finished while Carl Roth believed that the castle was damaged during the Basel earthquake of 1356 and was not repaired. In any case, in the 14th Century, the remains were given as a bishop's fief to the counts of Thierstein-Pfeffingen. This fief was not so much about the ruins, which needed costly repairs, but the assets related to the castle including tax collection and court rights. The Thierstein-Pfeffingens integrated the Frohberg lands into the "Herrschaft" of Pfeffingen, which was managed from the nearby Pfeffingen Castle ruins. 
The original name, "Vroberg" has changed over time in the vernacular into Tschäpperli or Tschöpperli.
Castle site.
The ruins are widely scattered and consists of an extended main castle, surrounded by different approach obstacles. So far, the ruins have not yet been investigated archaeologically and so only rough interpretations are possible.
On the west and north side is a deep, natural ditch, on the east side there is an artificial moat, while on the south there are walls and ditches. The latter are heavily disturbed by agricultural plowing on the south and west.
The main castle was formed by a housing tract and a curtain wall. The wall follows the irregularly extending ledge. The massive living area consists of two parts and a smaller west building with irregular floor plan as a residential tower. The thick walls were up to thick and built from rough cut stone. To the east, adjoining the living area, is an elongated building that served as an administrative and residential building. On the northwest and northeast sides the remains of outlying estates are visible.
The entrance to the castle was on the north-west side of the fortress, either through a ramp over the ditch or over a bridge supported by a natural rocks. It is possible that another entrance might have been on the east side.

</doc>
<doc id="30976243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976243" title="Games Rednecks Play">
Games Rednecks Play

Games Rednecks Play is an album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on July 18, 1995. The album peaked at number 8 on the Billboard 200 chart and has been certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA. As of 2011, it still stands as Jeff Foxworthy's best-selling album, with 2,084,000 copies sold in the US.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jeff Foxworthy except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="30976269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976269" title="Alexander W. Stow">
Alexander W. Stow

Alexander Wolcott Stow (February 5, 1805 Lowville, New York – September 14, 1854 Milwaukee, Wisconsin) was an American jurist and the first Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court.
Life.
He was the son of Congressman Silas Stow (1773–1827) and Mary (Ruggles) Stow. He practiced law in Rochester, New York and had gone to the United States Military Academy for one year. In 1845, he moved to Taycheedah, Wisconsin, in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin. In 1848, Stow was elected a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge and served as Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court leaving office in 1851. He practiced law and was involved with business in Fond du Lac and Milwaukee.
New York State Senator Horatio J. Stow (c. 1809–1859) was his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="30976284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976284" title="Aesch Castle">
Aesch Castle

Aesch Castle or Blarer Castle () is a castle in the Swiss municipality of Aesch in the canton of Basel-Country.
Location.
Aesch Castle is about northwest of the gorge and Angenstein Castle and north-northeast of the ruins of Pfeffingen Castle on the edge of the core of Aesch village.
History.
The castle was built in 1605/06 by the Blarer of Wartensee family. This family was originally from St. Gallen and had become wealthy from the linen trade. One line of the family settled in Wartensee Castle at Rorschach, hence the name of this line. With the election of Jacob Christoph Blarer of Wartensee in 1575 to the canons of the cathedral of Basel the family gained interests in the Basel region. Jacob Christoph Blarer was also one of the main leaders of the Counter-Reformation in Birseck.
The Blarers began to expand their power in the Basel region when Jacob Christoph Blarer appointed his brother Wolfgang Dietrich Blarer to the upper Vogt of Pfeffingen in 1583. This position gave the family a steady source of income from tithes, taxes and interest. Many other privileges, for example a charter granted by Jacob Christoph Blarer in 1604, led to a steady growth of wealth of the Blarer family. In the years before his death in 1608, he tasked his nephew Wilhelm Blarer, to consolidate the family's position and power by building a castle at Aesch. In 1607, the castle grounds and surrounding property were given to Wilhelm by Jacob Christoph. At the same time, Jacob Christoph as the Bishop of Basel freed Wilhelm from all offerings. 
By 1702, the Prince-Bishop allowed the Vogt Johann Konrad Blarer to live in the castle at Aesch rather than in Pfeffingen, but his clerk had to stay in Pfeffingen Castle. As the castle at Pfeffingen lacked the comfort and prestige that the family desired for a family seat, in 1740 the Blarers moved their center of power into Aesch.
During the Thirty Years' War the castle was damaged, but was rebuilt immediately. At the time of the French Revolution a hospital was set up in the castle.
Finally, in 1851 the castle was bought from the family by the municipality of Aesch and rebuilt. Two classrooms and two teachers' houses were added. It was renovated in 1900 by Rudolf Sandreuter, who moved the main entrance to the village side and added gothic revival and an additional half-round tower. Starting in 1909 it was used as a school and community center. Since the renovation of 1958/59, which restored its original condition, the municipal administration has occupied the castle.
Castle site.
Originally, on the site of the castle there was a hostel. The castle was designed from the beginning as a representative, multi-story mansion. Therefore, little value was placed on the defensive capability of the structure. The nearby Pfeffingen Castle provided the family with a defensive fortress, and the power of gunpowder weapons at the time meant that castles were no longer effective as fortresses. 
The main building has a basement with a vaulted cellar. On the north and west of the palace buildings there were several support buildings including a wine-press and stables, some of which are still in existence today. The builder is not known with certainty, but it could be, according to surviving receipts, be Michael Brauwn or Braun.
Baroque extensions to the castle took place in 1730 and 1740 and at this time the French garden was added. The wall around the whole complex was decorated with several turrets and bartizans while lattice doors ensured accessibility to the grounds.
Most of the current castle exterior dates back to the state after the great expansion in the 18th Century. However, the perimeter wall has been significantly adjusted and some portions have been totally demolished. Due to the many different functions that the castle has served, the interiors have been changed significantly.
The park is easily accessible to the public and the castle can be visited whenever the local government offices are open. The vaulted cellar is now expanded and used for special events and can be rented from the local authority. In the west, a former outbuilding now houses the local museum of Aesch.

</doc>
<doc id="30976317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976317" title="Helen of Croatia">
Helen of Croatia

Helen of Croatia may refer to two queens consort of Croatia:

</doc>
<doc id="30976340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976340" title="Cranichis ricartii">
Cranichis ricartii

Cranichis ricartii is a rare species of orchid known by the common name Puerto Rico helmet orchid. It is native to Puerto Rico, where it is known from three locations in one forest. The plant has also been seen in Guadeloupe. The plant's rarity is the main reason for its listing as an endangered species of the United States.
This orchid was discovered in 1979 growing in the mountain forest habitat of the Maricao Commonwealth Forest on the west side of the island of Puerto Rico. There have been no more than 30 individuals noted in total. Though it is known to occur at three sites, it is not seen at all three sites each year. This is a serpentine endemic plant, growing in areas that are rich in serpentine soils such as the Maricao Forest, which has over 85% serpentine substrate. This terrestrial orchid grows in the humus of the understory of trees such as "Coccoloba pirifolia", "Randia aculeata" and "Comocladia glabra". It can often be found with its relative, the orchid "Cranichis tenuis".
This orchid grows up to 27 centimeters tall, the base of the stem surrounded by several small oval leaves up to 3.5 centimeters long by 2 wide. The inflorescence bears a raceme of several green flowers about 2 centimeters long by 1 wide. The plant blooms in the fall.
The plant is threatened mainly by its limited numbers and by disturbance in its habitat. The Maricao Commonwealth Forest is a protected area but certain activities may be detrimental to the species, such as trail maintenance and selective thinning of the forest. One population was destroyed in 1995 when a road was built in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="30976360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976360" title="Bruce Jarvis">
Bruce Jarvis

Bruce Jarvis was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for four seasons for the Buffalo Bills.
University of Washington.
Bruce Jarvis played for the University of Washington.
Buffalo Bills.
Bruce Jarvis was chosen on the 3rd round (53rd overall) of the 1971 NFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills. As a rookie, Jarvis immediately became the starting center, replacing Frank Marchlewski. The Bill had an awful season, winning only 1 of 14 games, the worst offense in the entire NFL, with 184 points (13.1 points/game). The following year, things had to change. Jarvis lost his starting role to Remi Prudhomme and played in only one game of a 4-9-1 season. However, in 1973, he partly got his job back, starting 8 of 14 games, splitting time with Mike Montler, centering between Reggie McKenzie at left guard and Joe DeLamielleure at right guard, for a much improved 9-5 team, when O.J. Simpson became the first running back to rush for over 2,000 yards. But in 1974, his final year in the NFL, Montler started all 14 games.

</doc>
<doc id="30976362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976362" title="Totally Committed">
Totally Committed

Totally Committed is an album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on May 19, 1998. The album peaked at number 50 on the Billboard 200 chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jeff Foxworthy and Ritch Shydner except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="30976425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976425" title="Privatization in the United States">
Privatization in the United States

State, county and city economies are constantly challenged in running government operations. A government-run sector may transfer to the private sector the responsibility for carrying out the service and/or resource management activities and responsibilities.
Privatization can be a solution to dealing with particularly problematic aspects within a government's administration. Often municipalities will turn to privatization to solve an issue. A city or county may, for example, have vehicle maintenance cost increases that exceed revenues consistently and look to privatization as a means of controlling increasing costs. It may not, however, address other factors that are contributing to the cost increases or revenue shortfalls, such as regulation. Overtime compensation, for instance, could be a problem that also applies to other aspects of the government.
What is Privatization.
Privatization is the process of transferring ownership of a business, enterprise, agency, charity or public service from the public sector (the state or government) or common use to the private sector (businesses that operate for a private profit) or to private non-profit organizations. In a broader sense, privatization refers to transfer of any government function to the private sector - including governmental functions like revenue collection and law enforcement.
The term "privatization" also has been used to describe two unrelated transactions. The first is a buyout, by the majority owner, of all shares of a public corporation or holding company's stock, privatizing a publicly traded stock, and often described as private equity. The second is a demutualization of a mutual organization or cooperative to form a joint stock company. 
Privatization has also been defined as the sale of public assets to private companies who then provide that service back to the community or municipality at a competitive price. The whole idea behide the privatization issue is that the new provider will be able to provide the same service but at a reduce cost to the public. The municipality and the community will be able to benefit from the reduce cost that was associated with operating the public facility.
History of Privatization.
Privatization is nothing new and has been considered by countries and governments for ages. Governments have always turned to the private sector for some goods and services. Too often, though, privatization is characterized by corruption. Lucrative contracts often go to political allies, relatives or friends of public officials. Many of these contractors are not qualified to do the work or are all too willing to cut corners.
In addition, contractors have frequently attempted fraudulent and illegal practices, including:
•bid-rigging (arranging bids between firms to split up the market and limit real competition); 
•low-ball bidding (setting bids artificially low to win contracts and subsequently raising fees); 
•over-billing (charging too much, or charging for work not done).
These practices are difficult to prove or even to investigate. The need to watch for them means that state and local governments must graft entire new bureaucracies onto existing ones in order to truly monitor contractor behavior. The costs of these additional bureaucracies are another reason contracting often fails to deliver efficiently in the long run.
Privatization is dangerous not only when dishonest firms are involved, but also when honest firms, if given contractual incentives to do so, take actions counter to society's goals.
With social services, there are special reasons to be wary. How society's most vulnerable children and adults are treated reflects our core commitments, and with values such as these at stake, it makes no sense to subordinate public goals to the profit motive.
According to the National Government Finance Officers Association, reviewing and evaluating RFPs, writing and negotiating the contract, processing change orders and amendments to the contract, monitoring and evaluating vendor performance, dealing with disputes, and processing payments to the vendor can add up to 25 percent to the cost of the contract. 
There is always a call by local governments to have their departments to look at ways to cut cost. Outsourcing is an outlet used by agencies to look outside the organization in an effort to find a provider who will perform a needed service at a lower cost. Such is the case with the state of the economy in the United States today. Many small counties and municipal governments are looking at outsourcing basic services such as fleet maintenance, meter reading, street and road repairs. In an effort to maintain a heathly fund balance cities and counties, and even the federal government are all looking at alternative and creative ways to have work done by an outside agency. Privatization by outside agencies or businesses have both a positive and negative result.
Pros of Privatization of Public Services.
Various governments—from small towns all the way up to federal agencies—have been sending public services to the private sector since the 1980s. The trend stems from the common belief that private companies can help governments save or make money by doing jobs faster and cheaper, or managing a public asset more efficiently.
Pros (Advantages).
It stops loss-making public sector enterprises from adding to government debts; 
It depoliticizes public sector enterprises remove, governmental pressures for over-manning and the sub-optimal use of resources; 
It gives new owners a strong incentive to turn around failing public sector enterprises into successful businesses; 
It gives new businesses access to investment capital that government cannot provide; 
It raises more money for government through taxing former public sector enterprises; 
government can raise funds to pay off other debts fast because of relieve from financial burden of the public sector enterprises being privatized; 
Profit incentive may deliver better outcomes, for example, staff down-sizing to increase efficiency, more staff motivation, and cheaper prices to be competitive. 
If floated on the stock exchange at a good price, investors can make a lot of money through increased business revenue, efficiency and profitability. 
It removes government’s monopolistic status and inability to be responsive to citizens' needs, resulting in inefficient, one-size-fits-all services. 
In practice, all levels of government, seeking to reduce costs, have begun turning to the private sector to provide some of the services that are ordinarily provided by government. The spread of the privatization movement is grounded in the fundamental belief that market competition in the private sector is a more efficient way to provide these services and allows for greater citizen choice. 
With privatization solidly on ground, costs will be reduced at the long run. 
Public sector workers are not harmed by privatization. Displaced workers can be hired by contractors or transferred to other government positions.
Privatization of Public Services in a process where a federal, state, or municipal government decides to sale a public facility to a private company in an effort to alieveate the stress of the financial responsibility related to the operation of the facility. The philosophy of New Public Management which was developed in the 80's and 90's has caused and continues to have an effect on how counties and cities manage and operate today. A new form of lean government is the target of new management philosophy. President Clinton stated that even the federal government could benefit from this type of reorganization and implemented changes to do so.
Four Major Classifications of Privatization.
The four major classes of privatization options can be characterized as (1) private provision of various services and supplies such as laboratory work, meter reading, and supplying chemicals; (2) private contracting for water utility plant operation and maintenance (both 1 and 2 are often referred to as “outsourcing”); (3) negotiating a contract with a private firm for the design, construction, and operation of new facilities (this option is referred to as design, build, and operate, or DBO); and (4) outright sale of water utility assets to a private company. In the United States, the contracting of management and operations to a private provider (outsourcing) has been more common than the sale of utility assets to private companies. No major U.S. city has sold its utility assets in recent decades, although some smaller water utilities have done so.
Factors that lead to Privatization.
There are several leading factors that contribute to municipal or county governments outsourcing. Many prominent researchers have debated the reasons why but I think it was best said this way "the privatization theory as I call it is based primarily on economics" 1. 
Economics in the format that governments can operate in a more manageable and effective manner. Public Administrations have been criticized for their lack of effective service. The quality of service may be slow and employees may not be held accountable for their responsibilities. The view by the public is that public organizations are not friendly, and removed from high quality public service, the lack of public relations, and training show in the inability of their personnel to deal with the public. 
Privatization is widely thought to be a valuable policy instrument that leads to a greater good. Privatization of public resources injects new value into public assets and increases the privately held capital base of a country. Governments that implement privatization as part of their reforms use it as a mechanism to pursue a variety of objectives, both macroeconomic and fiscal. Governments undertaking privatization have pursued a variety of objectives. In some cases, privatization is a means of achieving gains in economic efficiency, given the extensive prevalence of poor economic performance of public enterprises in many countries and limited success with their reform. Privatization can also be a mechanism for improving the fiscal position, particularly in cases where governments have been unwilling or unable to continue to finance deficits in the public enterprise sector.
The decision as to whether to transfer ownership or operations of a public water utility to a private firm is complex. Immediate economic questions such as “Will privatization reduce customers’ monthly water bills?” are accompanied by larger and longer-term questions relating to public health, employment, political control, environmental issues, and relations to other city services.
Effects of Privatization in Public Works.
The effects in local government is immediate and an awareness factor is critical. Most likely municipalities would have public hearings or town meetings between the potential new provider of services and its constituents, along with city council. Most residents that may have relied on prompt quick response by city employees may see an increase in the amount of response time by the new provider. . The municipality will have to communicate to its residents that services will no longer be provided by the city. An attempt to reach and educate the public must be made. In larger markets television and newspapers should be used. In much smaller markets the need to reach those that tend not to read newspapers or watch TV should be made. Smaller community newspaper should be utilized, and eve door to door flyers should be considered. The last thing any community leader, city councilmen or women, or city manager wants to see is an uneducated community. No one wants to see residents stand up at city council meeting complaining about the lack of publication of an event such as the sale of community assets without the public knowing.
An immediate reduction in the city's budget will be felt due to the municipality no longer paying the cost of service. Such as the cost of electricity associated with the operation of water and waste water plants. Also, there will be revenue associated from the sale of assets that will affect the city's general fund and give at boost to the organization's finances.
Whose decision is it to privatize?
It's the public who decides if privatization is wanted or needed. Does John Q Citizen have the right to vote on such matters? In a way yes but only by voting in the general election to elect city representatives. The process should be one that is not taken lightly. 
Before considering the privatization of services, however, a local government should conduct a thorough analysis of the services being considered for privatization. One
approach is for the city or county to form a committee of administrators, citizens,
employees involved in the service, and others who may have some relationship with the
service. The operation and delivery of the services must first be analyzed to determine the level of effectiveness and efficiency currently being provided by the city or county government.
A thorough study should include financial analysis, current methodology of providing the
service, value of the service to the community, and whether or not the service is
accomplishing what the community wants and expects. After a thorough study, the committee may determine that the service is operating efficiently and effectively, or conclude that the service could be improved by privatizing it. This service may not be effective, may be too costly, or there may be other reasons that lead to the conclusion that the service is a candidate for privatization.
For a Municipality a vote by the City Council will take place.

</doc>
<doc id="30976447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976447" title="Reagan Jones">
Reagan Jones

Reagan Jones (born 2 March 1973 in Lufkin, Texas) is an American singer-songwriter, best known as the lead singer of indietronica band Iris. Jones formed Iris with Matt Morris in 1993, and has since remained the original vocalist for the band.
His influences include Depeche Mode, New Order, Idlewild, Imogen Heap, Coldplay, The Killers, Glenn Phillips, Guy Chadwick, and R.E.M., among others. Jones is a practising Christian and environmentalist.

</doc>
