<doc id="31042142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042142" title="The Alan I W Frank House">
The Alan I W Frank House

The Alan I W Frank House[http://www.thefrankhouse.org] is a private residence in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, designed by Bauhaus founder Walter Gropius and partner Marcel Breuer, two of the pioneering masters of 20th-century architecture. This spacious, multi-level residence and its furnishings and landscaping were created by Gropius and Breuer as a ‘Total Work of Art.’ In size and completeness, it is unrivaled. It was their most important residential commission, and it is virtually the same today as when it was built in 1939-40, original and authentic.
The House.
With four levels of living space and an indoor swimming pool, the main building encloses 12,000 square feet, complete with curved glass facade, nine bedrooms and 13 bathrooms. Including the five terraces that are part of the house and the rooftop dance floor, the floor plan totals 17,000 square feet. The stonework of the exterior walls and the dramatic entry of this innovative house suggest a detailed and richly textured building. Inside, graceful curves prevail; walls are paneled with warm pearwood, English sycamore, and redwood, or are travertine or stone. 
Unique features of this home include roof surfaces that support living lawns and contribute to thermal efficiency, innovative electrical and energy management systems that reduce energy use, and one of the first examples of central air conditioning with electrostatic air purification.
Architectural significance.
In addition to being the largest residence designed by Gropius and Breuer, the Frank House was also the largest project of any kind that Gropius would undertake between the completion of the Bauhaus buildings in Dessau, Germany in the mid-1920s and the commission for graduate housing granted him after World War II by Harvard. As for Breuer, he would have to wait until 1953, with the design of UNESCO headquarters in Paris,[http://www.unesco.org/visit/uk/frames/v4/build.htm] for another architectural commission of such scale.
The Frank House has been described as a unique synthesis between the modernism of the interwar years and the sumptuous ethos of Breuer’s so-called New Humanism. As Bergdoll writes in Hauser, "Unlike the Meisterhauser at Dessau, where a machined aesthetic of stucco rendered walls and floating boxes defined a rigorous geometric approach to composition, the Frank House uses gently swelling curves set in facades of long horizontal lines, exterior walls of warm pink-sand colored Kasota stone over a steel framework, all set upon a rugged base of local field stone, echoed in the garden’s terrace walls."
Contemporary critics saw the Frank House as a prime example of a change in direction in the development of modernism. “In its use of random ashlar, stone veneer, travertine and natural wood is indicated a new interest in natural materials. Also worth noting is the disintegration of the rectangle into freer shapes, as in the stairway, garden walls and entrance vestibule. If in so important an example such drastic modifications are to be seen, there is a new and impressive evidence that contemporary architecture is entering a new phase, richer, more assured, and more human.” 
This trend was borne out in every detail of the house and its furnishings because the project was commissioned as a ‘Total Work of Art’ whose design included furnishings, fabrics and landscape as well as the home itself. The Frank House was Gropius’s first such commission since the Sommerfeld House [http://bauhaus-online.de/en/atlas/werke/sommerfeld-house] in Berlin. It is also the most intact such work, as the Sommerfeld House was destroyed in World War II.
Gropius, Breuer and the Franks envisioned the home’s design as skillfully integrating all the requisite disciplines — structure, materials, furnishings and landscape. The commitment to a Total Work of Art gave Breuer responsibility for designing all the furniture and furnishings in the house, from major pieces to details such as door hardware, lighting, light switches and a whole range of novel devices. It would be the single most important commission of his American career for inventing new furniture. Two thirds of the designs Breuer would create during his American years were created for the Frank House and exist nowhere else. Hundreds of new designs were developed, using new ways of shaping and finishing wood and new materials such as DuPont’s Lucite polymer, a revolutionary new material at the time.
History.
The Frank House took shape in 1939-40 as the grand family home of Cecelia and Robert Frank, the third generation of Pittsburgh industrialists in his family, who had founded and was building a new company, Copperweld Steel. An engineer and inventor, Robert Frank was open to new ideas, including modern architecture. As his family grew, Robert and his wife Cecelia started planning a new home.[http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/06238/716442-30.stm]
Cecelia and Robert considered Walter Gropius, who had recently come to the United States and become head of Harvard’s Department of Architecture, to be the world’s leading architect. When Gropius came to Pittsburgh to give a talk, Robert attended. Interested in what the new architecture could achieve and its potential to realize their ideals — Cecelia, Robert and their young son Alan met with the architect at his office in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and visited Gropius’ home in Lincoln. Long letters followed the meetings, and a collaboration was formed.
Robert Frank contributed significantly to the project as an engaged architectural client. His and Cecelia’s correspondence with the architects runs to hundreds of pages. During design and construction, suggestions, instructions and queries sometimes filled three eight-page, single-spaced typewritten letters a week.
Gropius and Breuer came to Pittsburgh many times during the project, first to look at various pieces of land that were for sale, and then repeatedly throughout construction. Cecelia and Robert contracted with a leading national construction company to do the building, and arranged for Pittsburgh architect Dahlen Ritchey,[http://www.popularpittsburgh.com/pittsburgh-info/pittsburgh-history/famous-pittsburghers/ritchey.aspx] who had been a promising student of Gropius at Harvard, to supervise the construction.
The project was completed in 1940. It became, as one scholar describes it, “a machine for living,” especially for healthy, comfortable living. Its sunlit rooms, outdoor terraces and indoor pool provided a warm and friendly environment in which to raise a young family. In addition to its advanced architecture and furnishings, the home incorporated an integral system for cleaning air, an innovative internal phone and light signal system, built-in projection equipment to turn the recreation room into a movie theater, lightning rod systems made of Robert Frank’s Copperweld, and a heating and cooling system that used the water from the indoor swimming pool for thermal management and energy conservation.[http://www.pittsburghquarterly.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=426%3Aa-bauhaus-masterpiece&catid=53%3Ahomes&Itemid=123&limitstart=1]
In 1941 the home was profiled in "Architectural Forum". Photos were taken of the home and furnishings by renowned architectural photographer Ezra Stoller. In the decades that followed, the home fulfilled its promise as an environment designed for family life, and Cecelia's active involvement with the Pittsburgh arts and education communities made the home a well-known site for cultural and social events.
The Frank House today.
The Frank family has owned and occupied the home continuously since it was completed. The family’s dedication to preserving the work of Gropius and Breuer has kept the original features and furnishings intact, making the home a valuable example of a unique turning point in the timeline of modern architecture.
Seventy years after its first review, the home is still recognized by architectural scholars as a significant milestone in the history of modernism. Scholars and critics who have visited the site are unanimous in their understanding of its importance as a masterpiece that must be preserved. John Carter Brown III, director of the National Gallery of Art in Washington, described the house as “the nation’s crown jewel.” Toshiko Mori,Chair of the Department of Architecture at Harvard University’s Graduate School of Design,[http://www.gsd.harvard.edu/ said the experience of visiting is “one of those rare occasions when you enter a house and it’s absolutely authentic. Mr. Frank preserved the house in its totality — equipment, furniture, fixtures, even original textiles and wall coverings. It’s all intact. It’s a very exquisite balance of architectural proportions, textures and colorations with machine-age aesthetics. Everything is very functional.” Barry Bergdoll, Chief Curator, MoMA Department of Architecture and Design, who is using the house and its trove of correspondence as part of an extended study of Marcel Breuer, described the Frank House as “an exceptional historical document, as well as a major monument of American architectural art and architectural history.”[http://www.pittsburghquarterly.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=426%3Aa-bauhaus-masterpiece&catid=53%3Ahomes&Itemid=123&limitstart=1]
Robert and Cecelia’s son, Alan I W Frank, has established the Alan I W Frank House Foundation as a 501(c)(3) public charity to preserve the home. The Foundation’s development plan includes the acquisition and restoration of the land and buildings, initial operating expenses, and an endowment for ongoing operation of the home as a museum.[http://www.pittsburghquarterly.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=426%3Aa-bauhaus-masterpiece&catid=53%3Ahomes&Itemid=123 In June 2011, restoration work began on the home's exterior and roof. [http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/11173/1155255-437.stm]
In June 2013, the Alan I W Frank House Foundation announced the return of four pieces of the original Marcel Breuer furniture to the Foundation for preservation and future exhibition. The desk, desk chair, armchair and table were created by Breuer for the Frank House in 1940. They were designed in wood, Lucite and natural upholstery, and some were made by American manufacturer Schmieg & Kotzian. For the last eight years, they have been on exhibition at the Carnegie Museum of Art through the good work of former director Richard Armstrong, and the generous support of the Hillman Foundation. They are four of the hundreds of pieces of furniture that Breuer designed for the home.

</doc>
<doc id="31042148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042148" title="RISE (professional wrestling)">
RISE (professional wrestling)

RISE (Real International Super Elite) was a professional wrestling stable that competed in New Japan Pro Wrestling and was led by Shinsuke Nakamura. The group was a spinoff group of BLACK which also featured Nakamura as a co-leader with Masahiro Chono and featured Giant Bernard, Travis Tomko, and Milano Collection AT as members.
History.
2007.
In August 2007, Masahiro Chono left BLACK to form LEGEND with other New Japan legends. In September, upon returning from injury, Shinsuke Nakamura reshaped BLACK into RISE. For the new group, Nakamura retained the services of Giant Bernard, Travis Tomko, and Milano Collection AT and recruited Hirooki Goto, Minoru, and Prince Devitt. The groups saw success very quickly with Bernard and Tomko already holding the IWGP Tag Team Championship and by November, they also won the 2007 G1 Tag League.
2008.
By January 2008, RISE would recruit Low Ki and hold 3/4 of the championships in New Japan as Nakamura defeated Hiroshi Tanahashi for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship at Wrestle Kingdom II In Tokyo Dome on January 4, 2008. Three weeks later on January 27, Minoru and Devitt defeated Taka Michinoku and Dick Togo to win the IWGP Junior Tag Team Championship. RISE's dominance wouldn't last. By February, Low Ki would suffer an injury that would keep him out for months. On February 17, Minoru and Devitt lost the IWGP Jr. Tag Titles to LEGEND's Jushin Thunder Liger and AKIRA, Bernard and Tomko lost the IWGP Tag Titles to the Most Violent Players (Togi Makabe and Toru Yano). Despite the losses, RISE would win the big one as Nakamura defeated Kurt Angle to retain the IWGP Title and win the IWGP 3rd Championship, thus unifying the titles. After the February 17th show, RISE lost Tomko as a member as New Japan decided not to renew his contract. In March, Bernard and Goto entered the 2008 New Japan Cup with both losing to Tanahashi (Goto in the 1st round and Bernard in the finals). On March 9, Nakamura and Bernard challenged Makabe and Yano for the IWGP Tag Team Championship but the match ended in a no contest.
On March 30, Nakamura defeated Tanahashi to retain the IWGP Title. On April 27, Nakamura lost the IWGP Heavyweight Championship to Keiji Mutoh. in June, Devitt and Minoru entered the Best of the Super Juniors tournament but neither won as Minoru finished third in his block while Devitt was injured in his first match and had to withdraw. In July, RISE added Rick Fuller to the group who formed a team with Bernard. On July 21, Minoru and Devitt defeated Liger and AKIRA in a rematch to regain the IWGP Jr. Tag Titles while Bernard and Fuller challenged Makabe and Yano for the IWGP Tag Title but they came up short.
In August, Nakamura, Goto, and Bernard entered the G1 Climax tournament with Goto ultimately winning the tournament defeating Togi Makabe in the finals. Weeks later on August 30, Goto entered All Japan Pro Wrestling to challenge Mutoh for the IWGP Title but lost. On September 5, Nakamura and Goto challenged Makabe and Yano for the IWGP Tag Team Championship but lost the match when Bernard and Fuller betrayed them and cost them the match. Shortly after the match, Bernard, Fuller, and Low Ki (returning from injury) all joined GBH. On October 13 at DESTRUCTION '08, Minoru and Devitt lost the Jr. Tag Team Titles to NO LIMIT (Yujiro Takahashi and Tetsuya Naito), Goto fought Bernard but lost, and Nakamura challenged Mutoh for the IWGP Title but he too lost. In October, Nakamura and Goto entered the 2008 G1 Tag League while Milano entered with Taichi Ishikari but neither team won as Milano finished last in his block while Nakamura and Goto lost in the semi-finals to Makabe and Yano. On December 8, Goto once again fought Giant Bernard but once again was denied revenge, but Nakamura was able to defeat Yano.
2009.
In 2009, at Wrestle Kingdom III In Tokyo Dome, Milano, Minoru, and Taichi defeated Mitsuhide Hirasawa, Kazuchika Okada, and Nobuo Yoshihashi in the pre-show match, Devitt teamed Ryusuke Taguchi and Mistico to defeat Averno, Jado, and Gedo, and finally Nakamura and Goto defeated Mitsuharu Misawa and Takashi Sugiura. In late January, Minoru left New Japan and RISE to become a freelancer. On February 15, Nakamura challenged Hiroshi Tanahashi for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship but lost. In March, Nakamura, Goto, and Milano entered the 2009 New Japan Cup. Milano and Nakamura both made it to round two while Goto was able to win the tournament defeating Giant Bernard in the finals. On April 5, at RESOLUTION '09, Nakamura turned Heel during his match with Togi Makabe when Toru Yano betrayed Makabe and assisted Nakamura during the match. Following the event, Nakamura left RISE and created a new stable: CHAOS. After Nakamura defected, RISE began to decline and despite the fact RISE would continue, the group largely went dorment as Goto returning to the New Japan Seikigun while Milano and Devitt would form teams and began feuding with each other.
By February 2010, Milano retired due to injuries and RISE quietly broke up.

</doc>
<doc id="31042155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042155" title="List of Australian crime related books and media">
List of Australian crime related books and media

This is a list of Australian crime related books and media, including televisions shows and films.

</doc>
<doc id="31042156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042156" title="Siuslaw News">
Siuslaw News

The Siuslaw News is a biweekly paper published in Florence, Oregon, United States, since 1890. The "News" covers western Lane County, from the Pacific Ocean to Deadwood and Greenleaf, and from Yachats on the north to Gardiner on the south. The paper was previously known as the "Siuslaw Oar" and "The West". It is published on Wednesdays and Saturdays by the News Media Corporation and has a circulation of 5,281.

</doc>
<doc id="31042163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042163" title="North Ridge, Accra">
North Ridge, Accra

North Ridge is a district of Accra, Ghana bounded to the south by Castle Road. The Kanda highway serves as the district's western boundary, while the Independence Avenue/Liberation Avenue is the eastern boundary. The Ring road separates North Ridge from the northern district of Kanda. The headquarters of the Bureau of National Investigations is located in North Ridge. Originally planned as a neighborhood for civil servants and businessmen in the colonial era, North Ridge remains one of the better residential neighborhoods in Accra. 
The area of North Ridge, West Ridge, and East Ridge is collectively referred to as "The Ridge." This area is populated by several major embassies, including those of Germany and the United Kingdom. In addition, several of Accra’s upmarket hotels, and several Ghanaian administrative offices are located in this district.

</doc>
<doc id="31042174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042174" title="Louis Angely">
Louis Angely

Louis Jean Jacques Angely (1 February 1787-16 November 1835) was a German playwright, actor and director, who wrote "Possen" (farces) and vaudeville after French models, adapted for German audiences.
Angely was born in Leipzig, the son of Gorges Jean Louis Angely, cantor of the French Reformed Church in Leipzig, and his wife Jeanne Marie. He debuted as an actor in Szczecin in 1808. After working in the Baltic cities of Riga, Tallinn and Jelgava, where he often appeared in comic roles, he went to the Deutsche Hoftheater in St. Petersburg in 1826. After 1828, he worked as an actor-director at the newly established Berlin Königstädter Theater. He retired from the stage In 1830 and bought an inn in Spandauer Strasse in Berlin, while continuing to write plays. His most successful play was the original Berlin Posse "Das Fest der Handwerker", in which he himself created the celebrated role of Foreman Kluck.
He died in Berlin and was buried in the cemetery of the French Reformed Church (Französischer Friedhof).

</doc>
<doc id="31042177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042177" title="Moods (Mal Waldron album)">
Moods (Mal Waldron album)

Moods is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron, recorded in 1978, and released by the Enja label. Originally released as a double LP, the CD reissue omitted three of the piano solos (which were included as bonus tracks on the CD reissue of "One-Upmanship") to fit onto one compact disc and altered the running order; a later CD reissue reinstated Waldron's "Soul Eyes".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars, stating, "This enjoyable and subtle music gives one a well-rounded picture of Mal Waldron's talents in the late 1970s". 

</doc>
<doc id="31042208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042208" title="Breda A.8">
Breda A.8

The Breda A.8 was a prototype twin-engined biplane, designed by Società Italiana Ernesto Breda as a night bomber in 1927. The A.8 was designed as an improvement to the Breda A.3. The plane was modified to fix problems experienced in the old A.3, however, when the plane was tested using two 440hp Lorraine-Dietrich 12db engines, the results were quite modest. In response, the designers changed to 500hp Isotta Fraschini Asso 500 engines. This did not yield much improvement, and the design was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="31042211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042211" title="Claire Falkenstein">
Claire Falkenstein

Claire Falkenstein (; July 22, 1908 – October 23, 1997) was an American sculptor, painter, printmaker, jewelry designer, and teacher, most renowned for her often large-scale abstract metal and glass public sculptures.
Early life and education.
Claire Falkenstein was born on July 22, 1908, in Coos Bay, Oregon. Her father managed a lumber mill. Claire attended Anna Head School in the Oakland–Berkeley, California area after her family moved there.
She attended the University of California at Berkeley, and graduated in 1930 with a major in art and minors in anthropology and philosophy. She had her first one-woman exhibition, at a San Francisco gallery, even before graduation. Her art education continued in the early 1930s at Mills College, where she took a master class with Alexander Archipenko, and met László Moholy-Nagy and György Kepes.
Life and work.
San Francisco.
Falkenstein's experience with those artists reinforced her interest in abstraction, as well as ideas that functional considerations do not detract from a work's aesthetic appeal, and that she was free to experiment with a wide variety of new techniques and materials.
She taught art classes at various Bay Area locations, such as UC Berkeley Extension, Mills College, and the California Labor School. She also taught at the innovative California School of Fine Arts, alongside abstract expressionists such as Clyfford Still, who would become a close friend and artistic influence, and Richard Diebenkorn. In 1934, she created an abstract fresco at Oakland's Piedmont High School. This was part of the Federal Art Project, which strongly preferred paintings depicting American scenes, but some abstracts such as this work by Falkenstein were tolerated. During the 1930s she created sculptures from clay ribbons formed into Möbius strips, woven together. These were some of the earliest American nonobjective sculptures.
She was married for twenty-two years to Irish-American trial lawyer Richard McCarthy, whom she had known in high school; they were divorced because he didn't join her in her desire to live in Paris.
Paris.
Falkenstein did move to Paris in 1950 and remained for thirteen years, maintaining a studio on the Left Bank. In Paris she met many artists, including Jean Arp, Alberto Giacometti, Sam Francis and Paul Jenkins, as well as art connoisseur Michel Tapié who acted as a sort of mentor and promoter for the Americans.
In a 1995 interview, she said that "Paris was a remarkable experience, because the French allowed a kind of individual action. They have the quality of centuries of ... culture and of art and it sort of spills over." She explored what she referred to as "topology", a connection between matter and space, incorporating a concept of the continuous void in nature. She became associated with the free-form abstractions of L'Art Informel.
Out of economic necessity, Falkenstein inventively used inexpensive nontraditional materials for her artwork, including wooden logs, stovepipe wire, and lead bars. She used stovepipe wire, in particular, in innovative ways, and continued to do so even after she was able to afford other materials. The large, airy forms constructed of this material became part of her famous style.
Rather than "sculpture", she preferred the use of the word "structure" to refer to her work. She applied the term to her paintings and prints as well. A critic compared Falkenstein's work of the 1950s to "a Jackson Pollock in three dimensions". Some of her work has a structure which appears as if it could grow, infinitely expanding, similar to the way Pollock's paintings may appear as if they could continue beyond the canvas.
One of her most well-known pieces is "The New Gates of Paradise", constructed of metal webbing with chunks of glass. Located on the Grand Canal at the Guggenheim Museum in Venice, Italy, it had been commissioned in 1960 by her friend Peggy Guggenheim. The gates, each of which was , marked the first time she created a never-ending screen with repeating modules attached in various directions, giving the impression that it could continue forever.
Los Angeles.
In 1963, Falkenstein moved to the Venice district of Los Angeles, building an oceanfront home/studio. Falkenstein received many high-profile commissions for large public art pieces, including sculptures, fountains, and screens. She created the doors, gates, and stained-glass windows for St. Basil Catholic Church in Los Angeles. These 1969 pieces are considered by some to be her finest achievements. She said of the windows: "To my knowledge, they're the only abstract windows for a Catholic church." Among the other southern California venues featuring her works are Fresno's Fulton Mall, South Coast Plaza, the Department of Motor Vehicles in downtown Los Angeles, and various college campuses including California State University, Fullerton (she described her sculpture there as "metallic joy – an activity of forces"), California State University, Dominguez Hills, University of California, Los Angeles, University of Southern California, and California State University, Long Beach.
The Long Beach Museum of Art named its restaurant "Claire's at the Museum" in honor of Falkenstein. The artist created "Structure and Flow", a fountain with twisting latticework, which was donated to the museum in 1972. This work of art, the restaurant's centerpiece, is another creation which many consider to be among her finest.
She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship for Fine Arts in 1978. From about 1990 on, her work was concentrated on painting rather than sculpture. Falkenstein died at her Venice home on October 23, 1997 of stomach cancer, at the age of 89. Over the course of her long career as an artist she had produced over 4,000 sculptures, paintings and drawings.
Exhibitions.
A small selection of Falkenstein's exhibitions:
Collections.
Falkenstein's work is in many museum collections, including:

</doc>
<doc id="31042213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042213" title="What Cheer? Brigade">
What Cheer? Brigade

What Cheer? Brigade is a brass band with approximately 18 active members from Providence, Rhode Island. They perform using exclusively brass instruments and drums in a variety of world styles, such as Indian Bollywood music, Balkan brass, klezmer, as well as American styles such as hip hop, rock, and New Orleans second line music.
History.
What Cheer? Brigade was formed in 2005, drawing inspiration from street brass bands in other cities like New York's Hungry March Band and San Francisco's Extra Action Marching Band. Its first rehearsals were held in Providence's India Point Park. The band's name comes from the motto of the city of Providence, Rhode Island, "What Cheer?"
Performances.
In July 2011 the band was hired to perform at Super Ball IX, a 3 day festival held in Watkins Glen NY. The festival was one of several held by Phish, a jam band from Burlington, VT.
In 2011 the band, along with New Orleans bounce group Vockah Redu & the Cru, joined rapper B. Dolan's "Church of Love and Ruin" tour of the northeastern US, after collaborating with Dolan on a song for his album "Fallen House, Sunken City".
In 2010, WC?B was one of eight musical groups chosen to perform at the Haizetara Street Music International Contest in Amorebieta-Etxano, Basque country, where they won the Best in Festival award and €10,000 during their European tour of Spain, France, and Italy. That same year the band also performed at the Newport Folk Festival and the Northeast Kingdom Music Festival. In its coverage of the Newport Folk Festival, "SPIN" magazine named the band one of the festival's "8 Best Moments," noting that they "dominated Folk Fest like a headliner" and "were a thunderous treat at each turn.".
In a review of a concert with Javelin in New York City, later in 2010, the "New York Times" described the "punkish, face-painted brass band" as "thrillingly competent, with undimmable energy."
In 2009 the band performed with Dan Deacon at Lollapalooza in support of his album, "Bromst".
In 2008 the band performed in Machias, Maine, at the Beehive Design Collective's Blackfly Ball and also shared a bill later that year with the B-52s.
In 2007 the band performed at the Sziget Festival in Budapest, Hungary and at the Guča trumpet festival in Serbia, as well as in Germany and the Czech Republic.
The band has also performed at the HONK! festival each year since 2006, at Providence Sound Session since 2007, and has played alongside artists such as Lightning Bolt, Okkervil River, Trombone Shorty, Matt and Kim, and many others.
Awards.
As mentioned above, the band took the grand prize at the invitational Haizetara Street Music International Contest in 2010. In 2010 WC?B also was chosen as "Best Category-Defying Act" by the "Providence Phoenix" Best Music Poll., a designation it also won in 2007. In 2010 the band also won "Best New Band (Rhode Island)" in the "Boston Phoenix" "50 Bands, 50 States" contest. In 2007 the band was awarded "Best Riff on a Marching Band" by "Rhode Island Monthly" as one of its "Best of RI" editor's picks.

</doc>
<doc id="31042248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042248" title="USS SC-27">
USS SC-27

USS "SC-27", during her service life known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 27" or USS "S.C. 27", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. She later served in the United States Coast Guard as USCGC "Richards".
U.S. Navy service.
"SC-27" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 8 November 1917 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 27", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 27".
"Submarine Chaser No. 27" was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard on 13 or 14 November 1919 at Norfolk, Virginia.
The U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, after "Submarine Chaser No. 27" had left Navy service. Had she remained in Navy service at that date, she would have been classified as SC-27 and her name would have been shortened to USS "SC-27", and she now is referred to retrospectively by this name.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
The Coast Guard commissioned the submarine chaser as USCGC "Richards". As of 1 January 1923 she was based at South Baltimore, Maryland.
The Coast Guard found "Richards", like other "SC-1"-class submarine chasers, too expensive to operate and maintain, and sold her on 29 January 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="31042255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042255" title="7th British Academy Video Games Awards">
7th British Academy Video Games Awards

The 7th British Academy Video Game Awards (known for the purposes of sponsorship as GAME British Academy Video Games Awards) awarded by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, was an award ceremony held on 16 March 2011 in the London Hilton Hotel. The ceremony honoured achievement in video gaming in 2010 and was hosted by Dara Ó Briain. "Heavy Rain" was the major winner on the night, taking three of the seven awards available.

</doc>
<doc id="31042256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042256" title="Eberhard II">
Eberhard II

Eberhard II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31042258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042258" title="Mateo Herrera">
Mateo Herrera

Mateo Herrera (born 1973 in Quito, Ecuador) is a filmmaker. Among his works include: My One Time Joy, Jaque, El Comite, Impulso, among others.
In 1999 won the best film editing in La Habana Film Festival with Ratas, ratones y rateros by Sebastián Cordero
In 2009 with his film won the award Flechazo, the highest honor of the Toulouse film festival with his film Impulso.
Mateo has worked with several prominent Ecuadorian photographers like Francois Laso, Simón Brauer and Daniel Andrade.
He was also highlighted as a musician and formed with various bands, always in the field of experimental and underground music.

</doc>
<doc id="31042268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042268" title="Thavisouk Phrasavath">
Thavisouk Phrasavath

Thavisouk Phrasavath is a New York based Lao-American film director/editor, writer and visual artist.
Biography.
Thavisouk (Thavi) Phrasavath is a 2008 Academy Award and Film Independent Spirit Award Nominated Filmmaker. As well as being one of the creators, writer, director, a narrator and a subject of the 2010 Creative Arts Primetime Emmy award winner for Exceptional Merit in Nonfiction Filmmaking - "The Betrayal (Nerakhoon)".
His background in community work includes assisting Gang Prevention for Youth and Family Crisis Intervention through the Church Avenue Merchants Block Association. He also worked with the police as a liaison and consultant for the Lao community. Phrasavath has also consulted for the New York City Board of Education.
Filmography.
His projects as editor "Summer School", "Cuba Libre", "Americanos", "Streaming with the Prez", "Vietnam on the Cusp", "Sound Painting", "Golden Venture", and most recently, "Water Buffalo Don't Cry". 
Thavisouk Phrasavath is also the first Laotian American writer to be a member of Writers Guild of America, West (WGAW) in 2008. He is also a creative consultant for film, television and other media, directing documentaries, dramatic short and music video for independent record label and artists. As a writer he has published poetry and won awards for paintings and illustrations.

</doc>
<doc id="31042287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042287" title="Pok Deng">
Pok Deng

Pok Deng () is a Thai gambling card game in which players aim for a hand whose ones digit beats the dealer's, while taking into account pairs, three of a kinds, and flushes. The game is also known as Pok Kao (, "kao" means "nine") or Pok Paet Pok Kao (, "paet" means "eight") due to eights and nines being high, desirable values.
Setup.
"Pok Deng" supports two to seventeen players, including the dealer, but is recommended for three to nine players. To begin, players designate a dealer. One person may remain the dealer for several rounds or players can agree to switch off being dealer.
Each game is fairly short, lasting several seconds to a couple of minutes. Each player, except the dealer, places a bet using cash, chips, or small objects like wrapped candy and places that bet on the table in front of himself or herself. Each player plays versus the dealer only and is not competing with fellow players. The dealer shuffles a standard 52-card deck of playing cards; determines whether to go clockwise or counterclockwise; and deals two cards face down, one at a time, to each player, ending on himself or herself. The remaining cards become the draw pile.
Playing.
Play goes in the same order that the cards were dealt. During a player's turn, that person has the option of drawing a card (hitting) or not (staying). A player may only draw one card from the top of the draw pile, meaning each player ends up with only two or three cards per game. (Because each player can have up to three cards, seventeen is the maximum number of players before cards would run out.)
If the player's starting hand of two cards has a "taem" (described below) of eight or nine, that person has "pok" () announces it, and immediately shows those cards face-up. This is a good hand, and the player may not draw a card.
The dealer takes his or her turn last. If the dealer has "pok", those cards are turned face-up and all players' hands are compared to the dealer's. If the dealer does not have "pok", before deciding to draw a card, the dealer may reveal select players' hands and compare them to his or her own and make the payouts. Then the dealer may draw a card and then compare the rest of the players' hands to his or her own.
Card values.
Three aspects of a player's hand determine the scoring: (1) the hand type, (2) "taem", which is the numerical value, and (3) "deng", which is a special aspect that may multiply the bet.
The hand's numerical score, taem (), is determined by the numerical values of the cards in hand. In terms of each card's numerical values, each ace has a value of one. 2 through 9 have corresponding values of two through nine. 10, jack, queen, and king each have a value of zero or ten. "Taem", the numerical value of the overall hand, is simply the ones digit of the sum of the cards, which is why it does not matter whether the 10, jack, queen, and king count as zero or ten. For example, a hand consisting of a 3 and a 2 has a value of five "taem". Likewise, a hand consisting of a 7 and an 8 has a value of five "taem" because the sum, fifteen, has a one's digit of five. A hand with a jack and a 5 also has a value of five "taem" because the sum, either five or fifteen, has a one's digit of five.
The bet multiplier, deng (), is determined by the relationship among the cards in hand:
The hand type may be one of four types, in order of decreasing rank:
Scoring.
When comparing, or scoring, versus the dealer, the following rules apply. A player's hand may win against, tie with, or lose against the dealer's hand. Players compete against the dealer only and do not compare against other players. The hands are compared in terms of hand type, "taem", and "deng", in that order. Generally, hand type then the "taem" determine who wins. The "deng" is a tie-breaker and also determines how much is won.
First compare the hand types. If one hand has a better hand type than the other, that hand wins. The amount won is the winning hand's "deng" times the original bet. If both the dealer's hand and the player's hand have the same hand type, the numerical value "taem" is compared. If one hand has a greater "taem" than the other, that hand wins. The amount won is the winning hand's "deng". If both hands have the same hand type and "taem", the "deng" is compared. If one hand has a greater "deng" than the other, that hand wins the payout of the difference of the hands' "deng". If both hands have the same hand type, "taem", and "deng", they tie and the original bet is returned to the player.
One exception is if one hand has a "tong" and the other has "sam lueang". The hand with "tong" wins two times the bet. (This comes from five "deng" minus three "deng".)
For example, a "pok deng" of , which has eight "taem" two "deng", beats a normal hand of , which has nine "taem" one "deng", because the "pok" hand type beats the normal hand type. The payout is twice the original bet because the winning hand has two "deng". However, a "pok" of , which has nine "taem" one "deng", beats the "pok deng" of . They are both "pok", so the nine "taem" beats the eight "taem", and the payout, one "deng" from the winning hand, is equal to the amount of the original bet.
As another example, a normal hand of , with five "taem" three "deng", beats a normal hand of , with three "taem" one "deng", and wins three times the original bet due to the three "deng" of the winning hand. The same normal hand of beats a normal hand of , with five "taem" one "deng", but only wins two times the original bet because the "taem" are tied and the payout is the difference in "deng". Likewise, the same normal hand of beats a normal hand of , with five "taem" two "deng", but only wins one times the original bet.
Additional rules.
There are some additional options for betting and dealing:
Examples.
The following table starts with the best hand type, "pok", and goes in descending order. Examples are shown.

</doc>
<doc id="31042291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042291" title="Caccia Birch House">
Caccia Birch House

Caccia Birch House (previously: Nannestad Homestead, Woodhey, Vice-Regal Residence, The Convalescent Home for Women of the Services) is a homestead and a New Zealand Historic Places Trust Category I Historic Place. It is located at 130 Te Awe Awe Street, Hokowhitu, Palmerston North, Manawatu-Wanganui, New Zealand. Completed in 1892, it is named after William Caccia Birch and his wife Maude, who gifted the property to the government in 1941. 
The property, owned by Palmerston North City Council, is administered by the Caccia Birch Trust Board, and operates on a cost-recovery basis. The Coach House Museum includes photos of the property's previous owners.
History.
The dwelling was designed for Norwegian settler Jacob Nannestad and his wife Anna. In 1903, Englishman John Henderson Pollock Strang and his wife Mary purchased the property and named it "Woodhey". It became the temporary residence of the Governor-General of New Zealand, Lord Plunket, after a 1907 fire destroyed Parliament buildings. In 1921, Caccia Birch purchased the property. In the 1930s, a portion of the property, the Hokowhitu Lagoon, was given to the Palmerston North City Council while the rest of the property was given to the government in 1941. The Caccia Birch House was used by the military during the Second World War and subsequently became a convalescent home for servicewomen and nurses. It was used as an educational institution during the period from 1960 to 1976. In 1983, it was given to the city council. The Caccia Birch Trust Board was formed in 1989, and in 1992, it was turned into a conference and function centre.
Geography.
The original property included a part of the Hokowhitu (Centennial) Lagoon. It is currently a public property that overlooks the lagoon. It is 10 minutes from the airport.
Architecture.
The original Nannestad building was a two-storey dwelling constructed of native timber weatherboard with a corrugated iron roof and the exterior is of sunburst style. After 1903, two conservatories, two nurseries, servants’ quarters, and a coach house were added by Strang. Lord Plunket added a billiard room, now named the Lord Plunket Room, as well as extra servants quarters that were subsequently demolished.
Garden.
The property includes a paved, sunken rose garden. It features a 100-year-old wisteria, as well as an American tulip tree, a Himalayan cedar, elms, and magnolias. The Manawatu Tree Trust planted native shrubs in the garden.
Tourism.
Located in a residential area, the property can be rented for functions.

</doc>
<doc id="31042325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042325" title="Party Store">
Party Store

Party Store is the fifth studio album by American garage rock band The Dirtbombs, released on February 1, 2011. The album was released on the In The Red Records label.
Background.
Party Store is the fifth full-length LP for The Dirtbombs and their second cover album. The tracks are all covers of classic Detroit techno songs by luminaries of the genre such as Juan Atkins and Derrick May. Comparing it to their 2001 covers album Ultraglide in Black, Mick Collins has said, "The major difference … is that 'Ultraglide' was planned and 'Party Store' was not. 'Ultraglide' was an attempt to show that those were valid rock songs, that it didn’t matter what the source was — anything can be made a rock song. We had set out to prove something. 'Party Store' was actually an experiment to see if those songs could be done in a different context. 'Ultraglide' was a statement, whereas 'Party Store' was a question. 
Reception.
The album received a score of 70 on Metacritic, indicating generally favorable reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="31042360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042360" title="Andrew Penner">
Andrew Penner

Andrew Penner (born December 21, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Colorado Eagles of the ECHL.
Playing career.
Penner started his career in 1999 with the North Bay Centennials of the Ontario Hockey League. After a slow start, Penner was traded along with North Bay's 4th round choice (Mark Verstegg-Lytwyn) in 2002 OHL Priority Draft for Colt King and Jeremy Day, to the Guelph Storm on November 22, 2001. As a member of the Storm, Penner assumed the role of starting goaltender and led all goaltenders with 18 wins. Penner returned to the Storm for the 2002-03 OHL season, appearing in 51 games and recording 21 wins.
Penner was signed by the Columbus Blue Jackets on September 17, 2001 and was re-assigned to Columbus' East Coast Hockey League affiliate in Dayton in 2003. He led all Bombers goaltenders with 50 appearances and won 15 of the team's 26 games. He split the next two seasons between the Bombers and Columbus' AHL affiliate, the Syracuse Crunch. 
Penner signed a one-year contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins on August 18, 2006, splitting time with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins and their ECHL affiliate, the Wheeling Nailers. After one season within the Penguins' organization, he was not tendered a qualifying offer and became a free agent at the conclusion of the season He then signed a one-year contract with the Colorado Avalanche, in which he was invited to training camp but after a short stop in Lake Erie, he was eventually to Colorado's ECHL affiliate in Johnstown. Once re-assigned, Penner assumed a backup role to goaltender Ryan Nie.
Penner became a member of the Colorado Eagles in 2008. He went 30-6-3 in his first year with the Eagles, and led the Eagles to their fourth Governor's Cup in league history, but would eventually lose the President's Cup to the Arizona Sundogs four games to one. Penner was voted by his peers to be the CHL's Best Goaltender in the league's "Best Of The Best" poll. At the start of the 2010-11 CHL season, Penner was the franchise leader in goaltender wins (52), games played (75), and saves (2,074). He also holds the second-longest winning streak in franchise history with 11 wins, with former Eagles goaltender Tyler Weiman holding the record with 13 consecutive wins.
Personal.
Penner has been married since the start of the 2009-10 season. Penner's younger brother Alex also plays for the Colorado Eagles and has been his teammate since the start of the 2009=10 CHL season. Alex also played for the Johnstown Chiefs, but did not arrive until 2008-09 ECHL season. Andrew was a member of the Chiefs during the 2007-08 ECHL season.
Alex and Andrew are not related to Anaheim Ducks forward Dustin Penner.

</doc>
<doc id="31042407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042407" title="Amateur Athletic Association (basketball)">
Amateur Athletic Association (basketball)

The Amateur Athletic Association was a minor league basketball association that was created in 1897 and lasted until 1984. It hosted the annual AAU National Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31042418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042418" title="Château Fortia">
Château Fortia

Château Fortia is a French wine producing estate in the Châteauneuf-du-Pape region of the Rhône Valley. With a history dating back to the eighteenth century (on land that has been producing wine since at least the fourteenth century), Château Fortia has long been a notable producer in the southern Rhône. In the early twentieth century, the estate came under the direction of Pierre Le Roy de Boiseaumarié. Baron Le Roy went on to be co-founder of the "Institut National des Appellations d'Origine" (INAO) and guided the creation of the "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) system which is the basis of not only French wine laws but has also been influential in the laws and appellation systems across the globe.
History.
While the estate has a long winemaking history with ancient cellars that were constructed in the fourteenth century, the modern winemaking history of Château Fortia dates to the mid eighteenth-century when the Marquis de Fortia d'Urban leased a portion of his land in 1763 to sharecroppers who were producing wine. By 1783, the wine being produced from the estate was receiving favorable accolades from consumers in Northern Europe, the British Isles and the West Indies. In writings, the Marquis describes the red Châteauneuf-du-Pape as ""... between that of Languedoc and Bordeaux. It is less smoky than the former and its bouquet close to the later.""
In the early nineteenth century, the estate passed to a descendent of the Marquis de Fortia, Paul-Antoine de Fortia, who further expanded the vineyard plantings and buildings on the estate. By 1815 there were outside records of a castle "La Fortiasse" on the estate. In 1843, the Count de Ripert Monclar wrote favorably of the estate and described the hermitage that was among the vineyards. That same year, Paul-Antoine died and the estate passed to his heir Louis de Séguins-Pazzis, comte du Pazzi, who held the financially encumbered estate for only a short time before selling it to a local tax collector, M. de Orollée Virville. The estate continued to pass from owner to owner for the rest of the nineteenth century, being owned at one point by the French branch of the Gondi family, until it was purchased by Bernard Le Saint in 1890. Le Saint was a former director who maintained the official journal of the Egyptian government. He further expanded the estate and gave it its current name, Château Fortia. In 1919, his daughter Edmée married a decorated World War I pilot, Baron Pierre Le Roy de Boiseaumarié.
When Baron Le Roy died in 1967, the estate passed to his son Henri Le Roy. In 1994, Henri's son Bruno Le Roy took over as manager and continued managing the estate until 2004. During Bruno's time, Cornas wine producer Jean-Luc Colombo served as a consulting enologist and the reputation of the estate among wine critics increased. Since 2004, the estate has been run by Pierre Pastre, head winemaker, and husband to Chantal Pastre who was a granddaughter of Baron Le Roy.
Baron Le Roy.
Baron Pierre Le Roy de Boiseaumarié (5 April 1890-June, 1967) was born in Mortagne, Normandy to a family that could trace its history back to the Crusades. As a teenager, Le Roy joined the uprising in the Languedoc over adulteration of wine and chaptalization led by French wine grower Marcellin Albert. Despite the threat from law enforcement, Le Roy was one of the participants who set fire to the Judicial Court of Montpellier. After the events settled down, Le Roy returned to education earning both bachelor of science and master of law degrees.
In 1914, Pierre Le Roy was drafted in the cavalry of the French Army but later changed service and became a pilot in the Air Force. After being shot down twice during World War I, Le Roy was awarded the Chevalier of the Legion of Honor and the Croix de guerre (Military Cross). Returning home to Vendargues, he met married the daughter of Bernard Le Saint in 1919. He soon gained control of Château Fortia and became a prominent figure in not only the history of Châteauneuf-du-Pape but also the history of French wine. In 1935 he co-founded the "Institut National des Appellations d'Origine" (INAO) and, the next year, spearheaded the creation of the "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) system that would become the basis of the French wine laws and continue to influence European wine laws into the twenty-first century. 
The early plans for the INAO and AOC appellation were drawn up by Baron Le Roy in 1923 after a series of meetings among Châteauneuf-du-Pape growers. The growers were responding to the rising wine fraud that plague not only the Rhône but also most of France following the devastation of World War I and the phylloxera epidemic before it. This meeting would lead to the development of the "Syndicat de Chateauneuf". Le Roy's plan, focusing then specifically on the Châteauneuf-du-Pape, was one of the first geographical delimitation of an area in France. (Previously, the Douro wine region of Portugal and the Tokaji region of Hungary were deliminated by government decrees). Baron Le Roy's plan isolated an area around the village that was infertile and arid, suitable only for growing lavender, thyme and wine grapes.
Further drafting regulations on grape varieties, harvest, yields viticulture and winemaking techniques, under Le Roy's guidance Châteauneuf-du-Pape began using only manual harvesting and rejecting at least 5% of the harvest during sorting. Producers also stopped producing "rosé" and solely focused on making red and white blends from a set of permitted grape varieties. Le Roy's plan would go on to be the prototype of the AOC system that would eventually influence the Italian "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC), Spanish "Denominación de Origen" (DO) and Portuguese "Denominação de Origem Controlada" (DOC) systems as well as appellation systems across the globe.
In another lasting imprint on the Châteauneuf-du-Pape wine industry, the Le Roy led "Syndicat de Chateauneuf" introduced the "La Bouteille Armoriee" embossed bottle in 1937. This bottle, featuring the crossed keys of Saint Peter and papal tiara has become a symbol of the Châteauneuf-du-Pape wine region.
Over the course of his long career, Baron Le Roy was honored numerous times for his services to the advancement of the French wine industry. He served as president of the International Wine Office where he was nominated by his peers seventeen times. The French government made him a Commander of the Legion of Honor and in 1955 he received a bust at Sainte Cécile les Vignes.
Estate.
Château Fortia sits on a 30 hectare estate located just south-east of the commune of Châteauneuf-du-Pape. The vineyards constitute a single block that includes 27.5 ha (68.75 acres) of red grape varieties (mostly Grenache, Syrah and Mourvedre) and 2.5 ha (6.25 acres) of white varieties (mostly Clairette blanc, Roussanne and Grenache blanc). The vineyard soils range from sandy in the north to clay-limestone in the southern reaches of the vineyards which also feature the large "galets roulés" stones. The white grape varieties are mostly planted in the north with the southern "galets roulés" layered reaches dedicated to the red varieties.
The Château itself was built in a neo-Gothic style in the nineteenth century with the north-wing being built adjacent to ancient wine cellars that date to the fourteenth century. During World War II, most of the estate escaped damage from Allied bombing except for the ancient cellars which sustained significant damage and had to be partially restored. The damage came from a Royal Air Force mission in August, 1944 to destroy a German headquarters located 7 miles north of Avignon with the Château being hit by collateral damage.
Winemaking and wines.
In most vintages, Château Fortia will produce a white and three red blends under the Châteauneuf-du-Pape AOC. The red grapes are usually destemmed and fermented separately in 150 hectoliter sized concrete tanks that are temperature controlled. After around three weeks of maceration and alcoholic fermentation, the wines are pressed and transferred to smaller 20-40 hl concrete tanks for malolactic fermentation and then racked off the lees. Finally the separate wines are blended into the "cuvee" and placed in large oak "foudre" barrels where they age for 12–18 months before being fined and filtered prior to bottling.
The single white bottling is produced from grapes that are immediately pressed soon after harvest and fermented in stainless steel tanks at around 68°F (20°C) until the wine is completely dry. The wines are then kept sur lie, however the winemakers take steps to prevent malolactic fermentation from taking place in order to maintain fresher aromas. The whites are usually bottled and release in the spring following harvest.

</doc>
<doc id="31042442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042442" title="Flying Object">
Flying Object

Flying Object Center for Independent Publishing, Art, & the Book is a nonprofit community and literary arts center based in Hadley, Massachusetts. It was established in October, 2010, as a bookstore, gallery, and letterpress, and has since incorporated as a nonprofit. 
In addition to publishing original letterpressed works such as artists' books, chapbooks, and record jackets, the organization hosts several independent publishers that share its space and resources. Since opening, over 175 poets, writers, and musicians have performed there, including Eugene Ostashevsky, Dara Wier, James Tate, Susan Bernofsky, Christian Hawkey, Uljana Wolf, DA Powell, Kim Gordon, Aaron Kunin, Alex Phillips, Polina Barskova, & Thurston Moore, .

</doc>
<doc id="31042456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042456" title="Nelson F. Gibbs">
Nelson F. Gibbs

Nelson Frederick Gibbs (born January 8, 1938) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) from 2001 to 2005.
Biography.
Nelson F. Gibbs was born in Rochester, New York. He was educated at Clarkson University, receiving a bachelor's degree in civil engineering in 1959. While at the Clarkson he was a member of the National Society of Pershing Rifles. From 1959 to 1962, he served as an officer in the United States Army. He also earned a M.S. in industrial management from Purdue University in 1962.
In 1962, Gibbs joined the Los Angeles office of Deloitte & Touche as a General Management and Financial Systems Consultant. He was made an audit partner in 1971; Director of Audit Operations in 1982; Lead client Service Partner from 1986 to 1987; and Senior Partner in Deloitte's Tokyo office from 1988 to 1991. In 1991, he joined Northrop Grumman as Corporate Controller in Los Angeles, a position he held until 1999.
In 1999, Gibbs entered the Office of Management and Budget as Executive Director of the Cost Accounting Standards Board. He worked there until 2001, when President of the United States George W. Bush nominated him to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics), an office he subsequently held until 2005.
After retiring from government service in 2005, Gibbs became a member of the Board of Trustees of The Aerospace Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="31042464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042464" title="Lincoln Lawyer">
Lincoln Lawyer

Lincoln Lawyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31042474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042474" title="The Stanley Clarke Band">
The Stanley Clarke Band

The Stanley Clarke Band is an album by jazz bassist Stanley Clarke. It was released by Heads Up Record in June 2010 and was produced by Clarke and Lenny White. Band members include Ruslan Sirota on keyboard, Ronald Bruner, Jr. on drums and Hiromi on piano. The album was awarded the 2011 Grammy for Best Contemporary Jazz Album and the track "No Mystery" was nominated for Best Pop Instrumental Performance. "The Guardian" gave the album three stars, calling it a "return to a funk repertoire reminiscent of Clarke's roots in Chick Corea electric bands", while Allmusic gave it a score of three-and-a-half stars. It is also the second Stanley Clarke album to be credited to The Stanley Clarke Band after his 1985 album "Find Out!".
The band.
A core trio is constant throughout the album with Clarke joined by drummer Ronald Bruner, Jr. and keyboardist Ruslan Sirota. Hiromi is billed as a featured artist playing piano on "No Mystery", "Larry Has Traveled 11 Miles and Waited a Lifetime for the Return of Vishnu’s Report" and her composition "Labyrinth". Several additional musicians appear on most tracks.
Clarke, in discussing the band has said that "our common thread is improvisation". Keyboardist Ruslan Sirota is from Israel, Clarke has compared him to Chick Corea and George Duke. Pianist Hiromi is from Japan, Clarke has said that she "plays the piano like a tornado". Hiromi also played on Clarke's 2009 album "Jazz in the Garden". Clarke referred to drummer Ronald Bruner, from Compton, California, as "one of the most important drummers out there". Bruner and Sirota had been playing with Clarke for five years or so before the album's release.
The additional musicians include two guitarists Charles Altura and Rob Bacon, bassist Armand Sabal-Lecco on "Fulani", keyboardist Felton Pilate on "Here's Why Tears Dry", saxophonists Bob Sheppard on "Larry Has Traveled 11 Miles and Waited a Lifetime for the Return of Vishnu’s Report". Lorenzo Dunn from Earth, Wind & Fire plays the bass synthesizer on "Soldier". "Sonny Rollins" features Manhattan Transfer vocalist Cheryl Bentyne and a full horn section with Sheppard sharing saxophone duties with Doug Webb, plus trumpeter John Papenbrook and trombonist Andrew Lippman. Natasha Agrama and Ilsey Juber provide vocals on "Soldier".
Music.
In describing the album, Clarke said, "Technically, it's a Stanley Clarke record, but it's very much a band-oriented record at the same time". Comparing the album to a ship, he said, "I'd be the one steering the ship and keeping everybody on course. But all hands were definitely on deck, and everyone played an important role in getting us to our destination". Clarke has said that this will be his last electric album for a while. Clarke co-produced the album with Lenny White who played drums on Clarke's 2009 album "Jazz in the Garden".
Tracks.
"Soldier", Ruslan Sirota's compositional contribution to the album, includes a piano solo with elements borrowed from McCoy Tyner and Herbie Hancock. It was called "Methenyesque" by music critic John Fordham. The track "Fulani" was written by Armand Sabal-Lecco and is "Africa-inspired" and has a "has a crunching rock feel".
Talking about the track "Here's Why Tears Dry" Clarke said, "The tune came about when a family member was ending a long-time love affair. There were a lot of tears, so I came up with that song. The tears evaporate into thin air, and the pain eventually goes away." "I Wanna Play for You Too" was written by Felton Pilate who plays keyboards on the track.
"Bass Folk Song No. 10" and the album's closing track, "Bass Folk Song No. 6" are both bass solo performances that Clarke wrote many years before they were recorded here. "No Mystery" is a reworking of the song written by Chick Corea when he and Clarke were bandmates in Return to Forever.
"How Is the Weather Up There?" was written by Clarke and Ronald Bruner, Jr., and deals with global warming. The song was built around comments left by his fans in response to a post on Clarke's Facebook page asking for thoughts on global warming.
"Larry Has Traveled 11 Miles and Waited a Lifetime for the Return of Vishnu’s Report" pays homage in its name and musical stylings to Larry Coryell's The Eleventh House, Miles Davis, Mahavishnu Orchestra, The Tony Williams Lifetime, Return to Forever, and Weather Report, all jazz fusion pioneers.
"Labyrinth" was composed by Hiromi and contains elements from "My Favorite Things" with a "funky touch". "Sonny Rollins" is a Caribbean flavored tribute to saxophonist Sonny Rollins featuring Bob Sheppard on tenor sax and vocals by Cheryl Bentyne.
Reception.
John Fordham of "The Guardian" called the album a "return to a funk repertoire reminiscent of Clarke's roots in Chick Corea electric bands". He goes on to call it "more than just a box-ticking piece of jazz-funk commercialism" but laments "Clarke could probably play a lot of this kind of thing in his sleep". William R. Wood wrote in the "Kalamazoo Gazette" that "Clarke’s complex bass work is invigorating as he blends jazz, rock and funk".
Thom Jurek of Allmusic wrote that the album "feels more like a band record than anything has done in decades". He praises Clarke's choice in bandmates, calling them "prodigies in their own right" but does not praise the whole album. He called "Larry Has Traveled 11 Miles and Waited a Lifetime for the Return of Vishnu's Report" a "a clumsy, failed attempt at summing up the music's history to date" and that "Bass Folk Song No. 6" does not "work well" as some of the other tracks but "these are minor complaints on an otherwise fine recording". Jeff Winbush of All About Jazz commented that there "are no radical departures" on this album and it sounds as if Clarke is "taking a victory lap here, revisiting past triumphs" but that he "still pull[s sounds out of his assortment of electric, acoustic and Alembic basses like nobody else, and still slapping, plucking and thumbing his way through contemporary, fusion jazz, rock, funk and whatever else he puts his mind to".
Awards.
The album won the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album and the track "No Mystery" was nominated for Best Pop Instrumental Performance. Clarke accepted his Grammy with his bandmates Ronald Bruner, Jr. and Ruslan Sirota and his wife, Sofi, at the Staples Center during a pre-telecast ceremony. Clarke was on tour in Australia with Return to Forever when he learned of his nominations.
The other nominees for Best Contemporary Jazz Album were "" by Joey DeFrancesco, "Now Is the Time" by Jeff Lorber Fusion, "To the One" by John McLaughlin, and "Backatown" by Trombone Shorty. The Best Pop Instrumental Performance was awarded to Jeff Beck for his rendition of "Nessun dorma".
Track listing.
"All tracks written by Stanley Clarke unless noted"

</doc>
<doc id="31042490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042490" title="Leonardo Krys">
Leonardo Krys

Leonardo Krys was a travel agent whose 1991 heart attack aboard a Lufthansa flight prompted U.S. based airlines to install Automated External Defibrillators, or AED, on their planes.
Heart attack.
On November 30, 1991, Krys boarded a Lufthansa 747 in Miami, headed to Frankfurt, Germany. About an hour out, he suffered the symptoms of a cardiac infarction. The crew did not make an unscheduled landing and landed in Germany after a 10 hours flight. Upon landing, the plane was met by an ambulance which transported Krys to a hospital. At the hospital, the doctors concluded that Krys had indeed suffered a heart attack.
Krys and his wife argued that Lufthansa's crew acted negligently in responding to the symptoms displayed by Mr. Krys and thus aggravated the damage to his heart. They won won a lawsuit against Lufthansa in Miami federal court which the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld. Later the United States Supreme Court refused to hear the airline's appeal arguing that the incident should have been classified as an accident, per the Warsaw Convention, capping his payout.
The result of this suit prompted the airlines to review their safety manuals, including portable defibrillators and training the crew on how to use them.
Life.
Leo (as he was known by his friend and family) was born in Argentina, and moved with his family to Miami, USA in the late 1970s, due to the local economical and political situation.
He owned a travel agency at the time of the heart attack, but the health crisis spurred a midlife career switch to acting. He acted in Telemundo telenovelas, local theater, an episode of America's Most Wanted (as an Israeli searching for his son's killer), several independent films and in Latin pop star La India's video, Traicion, as a priest.
One of Krys' son, Sebastian, is a four-time American Grammy winner and eight-time Latin Grammy Awards producer and mixer (as of 2011) 
Leonardo Krys died of a heart attack in Miami, on March 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31042495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042495" title="O'opu naniha">
O'opu naniha

Stenogobius hawaiiensis is a species of goby endemic to the Hawaiian Islands where it can be found in marine, brackish and fresh waters. This species is not as adept a climber as are many other Hawaiian gobies and thus is not found in the upper reaches of streams. This species can reach a length of SL. In the Hawaiian language, it is also known as O'opu naniha

</doc>
<doc id="31042496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042496" title="Mingus Lives">
Mingus Lives

Mingus Lives is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Belgium in 1979 and released by the Enja label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042526" title="Stage Invader">
Stage Invader

Stage Invader is the first studio album by the British dance music group Linus Loves, released on September 19, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31042569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042569" title="Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Energy)">
Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Energy)

Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Energy) (abbreviated SAF/IEN) is the title of a civilian office in the United States Department of the Air Force, with its main offices at the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia. Along with the two other Deputy Assistant Secretaries (DAS) of the United States Air Force under Installations, Environment, and Energy (SAF/IE), the DAS (Energy) assists the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, the Under Secretary of the Air Force, and the Secretary of the Air Force in drafting policy, promoting initiatives, and championing projects related to energy across the US Air Force. Established on 18 November 2010, the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Energy) falls under the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment, and Energy). The office was initiated, in part, to address the Air Force’s growing concern over rising energy costs, the requirement for diversification of energy resources, and the need for increased energy security.
History.
Energy conservation in the Air Force dates back to the 1970s, and initially focused on installations and facilities. Prior to 1972, the Air Force was converting coal-fired installations to oil or natural gas under a Department of Defense air pollution reduction program. After the Yom Kippur War, the energy crisis of the 1970s prompted the Air Force to identify their first energy reduction goals and monitoring systems. By the late 1970s, the Air Force had developed a 10-year energy reduction plan for it’s facilities under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act. It also created the first Air Force Energy Office at Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida, which became the focal point for all of the service’s energy matters and policies.
In 1985, the Air Force developed the Energy Information Management System, which was designed to collect all service energy data. Under this system, all Air Force installations were required to conduct energy security assessments every 1 to 3 years.
In response to the Energy Policy Act of 1992, the Air Force set new goals and mandates for utilities, increasing requirements for the use of clean energy, and improving overall energy efficiency. In an effort to achieve these goals, the Air Force began working with private industry to upgrade its facilities. Through Energy Savings Performance Contracts (ESPC), industry made energy efficiency upgrades to facilities and the Air Force paid for them with the cost saved over time. The first of these was implemented at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas with Johnson Controls, where 14,500 light fixtures were retrofitted with energy-saving assets.
The 21st Century brought an increased focus on energy conservation in the Air Force. The Undersecretary of the Air Force was designated the senior Air Force Energy Official, a role traditionally reserved for senior Air Force facility engineers. This raised visibility of energy conservation and usage amongst Air Force and Department of Defense leadership.
In 2006, the Air Force conducted the first flight by a military aircraft using a domestic synthetic fuel blend. The test was conducted at Edwards Air Force Base, California in a B-52 Stratofortress, and it culminated in four flights using all eight engines with the synthic blend for the duration of each.
The following year was a pivotal point in the history of Air Force Energy, beginning with Executive Order 13423 mandating that all Federal agencies operate in an energy-conscious manner.
In 2008 Air Force Policy Memo (AFPM) 10-1 directed the development of an Energy Strategic Plan, designated Roles and Responsibilities, and created a new management structure under the Energy Program Management Office (EPMO) in 2009. The EPMO’s mission was to bring greater visibility to Air Force energy consumption trends and initiatives, and ensure energy was a consideration across Air Force missions. With energy’s quickly growing importance, Air Force leadership determined a broader effort was necessary. As a result, the EPMO became the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Energy) on 18 November 2010, appointing a Senior Executive Service (SES) as the Deputy Assistant Secretary to lead it, and becoming the first military service to identify energy as a major policy focus area.
Present day.
The Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Energy) currently has personnel integrated into Air Force Acquisition Operations, Aviation Operations, Facility Management, Expeditionary Operations, and Logistics. In addition, the Energy Office has established a relationship with the US Department of Energy (DoE), to research future opportunities for integrating alternative fuels into Air Force operations. The office also employs an outreach staff to address energy culture change across the service. Among other achievements, the Air Force Energy Office has led the first-ever pilot project to produce a 100% electric vehicle fleet at Los Angeles Air Force Base, California, directed the inaugural A-10 Warthog flight using a 50-50% blend of alcohol-to-jet (ATJ) and JP-8 fuel, and achieved nearly $1 million in utility cost savings from a new solar panel array at the US Air Force Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31042585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042585" title="Andrew Valdez">
Andrew Valdez

Andrew A. Valdez (born October 17, 1951) is a Utah Third District Juvenile Court judge for Salt Lake County, Utah.
Valdez was born in Northern New Mexico and then migrated to Utah where he was educated in the Utah public school system before attending the University of Utah and later the S.J. Quinney College of Law. After being admitted to the Utah bar, Valdez was a public defender for two years before becoming a part of the Judge Advocate General's Corps(JAG corps) where Valdez spent three and a half years in Central Europe. When Valdez returned home from the JAG Corps he once again resumed his position as trial counsel with the Legal Defenders Association Felony and Homicide Division.Valdez spent 9 years working as a public defender and in 1993 he was appointed a Third District Juvenile Court Judge by then Governor Michael O. Leavitt.
Early life.
Valdez was born in Northern New Mexico to Victor Valdez and Jeanie Sanchez. Valdez and his 3 siblings migrated to Utah in 1954 where his parents were determined to find financially stable work. As a boy Valdez worked as a shoe-shiner and eventually began selling papers when he was eight years old on the corner of Main Street and 200 South in Salt Lake City, Utah. As a boy Valdez knew he wanted to be a lawyer, while selling papers he was always impressed by lawyer's demeanor and their dress attire. When Andrew Valdez was 10 years old he met a man named Jack Keller who subsequently changed Valdez and his life's direction. Keller brought a whole new world to Andrew's eyes taking him to the Law School at the University of Utah, liberty park and introducing Valdez to tennis which became ultimately part of his lifelong goal and passion.
Valdez attended West High School in Salt Lake City, Utah where he continued to play tennis and graduated with his diploma in 1970. Directly after attending West High, Valdez enrolled in the University of Utah majoring in Political Science and Philosophy. Valdez walked on to the tennis team and competed, however, he put more effort into being a part of student politics at school by involving himself with the war movement, U of U assembly, Chicano student assembly and being a member of the Hinckley Institute of Politics.
Legal career.
After graduating law school, Valdez began his professional career as a public defender with the Legal Defenders Association Felony and Homicide Division. He spent two years working in Utah before he joined JAG Corps and worked as a lawyer in the military for three and a half years. During his time in the JAG Corps Valdez was on the military tennis team and competed against other players within Central Europe. After serving time in the JAG Corps Valdez returned home to Utah and resumed working as a public defender.
In 1993 after spending 9 years working in felony and homicide cases, Valdez was appointed to Utah Third District Juvenile Court. Valdez was the first Hispanic and first public defender to be appointed to the Utah district court. Since being appointed Valdez has served as chair of the statewide Youth Parole Authority, and on the Utah Sentencing Commission, the Board of Trustees for Primary Children’s Medical Center, the Juvenile Justice Task Force, the Board of Juvenile Court Judges, the Judicial Council, and is currently a member of the National Youth Gang Center.
Valdez was certified by the Utah Judicial Council as qualified to stand for judicial retention election in 2008 and was subsequently re-elected.
Judge Valdez has also developed a tennis based mentoring program that goes on at Liberty Park in Salt Lake City, Utah where troubled youth take part in learning the game of tennis. In this program Valdez has hopes of helping kids stay off of the streets and out of gangs by introducing the sport of tennis.
Awards.
Judge Valdez was honored in 2003 with the Martin Luther King Civil Rights Award by the NAACP In 2005, the Footprinter’s Association Law Enforcement Office of the Year Award, the Utah Children Advocate of the Year Award and the Utah State Bar Judge of the Year Award. Valdez was also awarded the Caesar Chavez Peace and Justice Award and the Pete Suazo Community Service Award.
Personal life.
Valdez is married Joyce P. Valdez who is a part of the Board of Trustees at the University of Utah and together they have four kids. 
Valdez has written a book named "No One Makes it Alone", which is an autobiography of him and his relationship with his mentor Jack Keller and how Keller gave Valdez a job and the ambition to become a lawyer and ultimately a judge.
When Judge Valdez has time off he spends it writing as he wants to publish another book in the future and he continues to play tennis to this day and has hopes of one day competing in senior tennis championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31042614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042614" title="William Isarn">
William Isarn

William Isarn ("Guillermo Isárnez") was the Count of Ribagorza from 1010 until his death in 1017 or 1018. He was a young man when he became party to a power-sharing agreement between his cousin and her husband, sponsored by the Count of Castile. He used a Castilian army to remove the Muslim garrisons from the valley of the Isábena, but before his work of "Reconquista" could be completed, he was assassinated while trying to reestablish his family's rights in the Val d'Aran. His death provoked a succession crisis that ended in the absorption of Ribagorza into the domains of the King of Navarre.
Education and succession.
William was the illegitimate son of Count Isarn Raymond. He spent his childhood in the household of his paternal grandmother, Garsenda of Fezensac, but at puberty was sent to the court of his cousin, Count Sancho García of Castile, the son of his father's sister Ava, in order to learn the art of war. Isarn died in 1003 while fighting off an invasion by the Córdoban "hajib" Abd al-Malik al-Muzaffar, and was succeeded by his sister Toda. In 1006, another invasion of Ribagorza by Abd al-Malik forced Toda to find a husband in her kinsman Sunyer, count of neighbouring Pallars. 
The sudden rise in influence of Pallars over Ribagorza alarmed Toda's relatives in Castile, and the countess sent a missive to her nephew Sancho asking for military assistance in conserving the independence of Ribagorza. The count of Castile sent his sister, Mayor García, who was married to Sunyer's eldest son, the future Raymond III. Toda proclaimed Mayor her heir and abdicated in her favour. Sancho also sent the young William, who was given a part in the comital government, with a Castilian army under his command. 
The date of the beginning of the rule of Mayor and Raymond III with William Isarn can be narrowed to between 29 March and 3 August 1010. On the fourth kalends of April (29 March) of 1016, William issued a granted alms to the monastery of Santa Maria de Lavaix, and the charter Bishop Borrell of Vic subsequently had drawn up, was subscribed by William as "count, by the grace of God, . . .in his sixth year reigning". The formula "by the grace of God" suggests a claim to sovereignty or independence. On 3 August that year, Raymon and Mayor granted the village of Suert to the same monastery "in the seventh year of their reign".
"Reconquista".
The "Crónica de Alaón renovada", written about 1154, records that Sancho gave his cousin "a great army". With it William proceeded to expel the Córdoban garrisons occupying the valley of the Isábena, and especially the episcopal seat of Roda. According to the "Crónica", however, William and his Castilians were unable to liberate the "Valle Magna", the Great Valley, of the lower stretch of the river Ésera. His role in the reestablishment of comital authority in lands conquered by the Córdobans was so significant that the monks of Santa María de Obarra in a document dated 6 August, probably from 1012, calculated it to be "the second year of Count William happily reigning, amen". William himself signed the document along with a small number of "seniores" (lords) or "tenentes" (lieutenants) who probably comprised his retinue.
Final campaign and death.
On 24 November 1017, in his last known act, William and his "optimates" (magnates) witnessed the consecration of Borrell, whose election he had confirmed three days earlier (21 November), as the Bishop of Roda. Shortly afterwards, either in that same year or early in 1018, William led an expedition into the Val d'Aran, probably to claim his hereditary rights there. When the domains of his great-great-grandfather, Raymond I, the first independent count of Pallars and Ribagorza, had been divided between his sons, William's great-grandfather Bernard Unifred received Ribagorza, while Bernard's brother Bishop Atto of Roda received the Val d'Aran. According to the "Crónica de Alaón", when William tried to reclaim it in the name of his father and grandfather, Raymond II, apparently claiming that it had reverted to his line with the death of Atto, the inhabitants of the valley assassinated him:
This one Isarn the men killed in Aran, he was reclaiming that land, alleging that it had belonged to his father and his grandfather [Raymond II and above all the bishop Atto, brother of Count Bernard. Upon hearing that he was reclaiming the aforesaid land according to hereditary right, they said among themselves, "This is the heir, come, let us kill him and his inheritance will remain with us". 
William's death and that of his protector Count Sancho of Castile only a short while earlier on 5 February 1017 left a vacuum of power in Ribagorza, which was quickly filled by King Sancho III of Navarre, who had married the count of Castile's daughter Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="31042615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042615" title="Mark Merila">
Mark Merila

Mark Merila (born November 9, 1971 in Litchfield, Minnesota, USA) is a scout for the San Diego Padres.
Prior to his current position, Merila attended University of Minnesota and was drafted by Major League Baseball teams twice - first, he was taken in the 10th round of the 1993 draft, though he refused to sign. He was next taken by the Padres in the 33rd round of the 1994 draft, beginning his professional career that year. While with the University of Minnesota, he played on the school's baseball team, and was named Big Ten Conference Baseball Player of the Year in 1994.
He played for the Spokane Indians in 1994, hitting .253 in 54 games. In 1995, he played for the Idaho Falls Braves, hitting .284 in 56 games. Overall, he hit .268 in his two-year career. He also pitched in two games, posting a 32.40 ERA.
He retired from professional baseball due to a brain tumor. Following his playing career, he became the Padres' bullpen catcher. After the tumor returned in 2005, he was forced to give up his bullpen catching duties, however he still served as an aide to third base coach Glenn Hoffman.
After recovering from his second bout of brain cancer, he returned to the job of bullpen catcher, then in 2012 was made a team scout.

</doc>
<doc id="31042619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042619" title="New Jersey Swimming">
New Jersey Swimming

New Jersey Swimming (NJ) is the Local Swimming Committee (LSC) (governing body) for competitive swimming in the central and northern New Jersey area. They are a member of USA Swimming and the Eastern Zone. Most of the athletes who compete in NJ-sponsored swim meets are youths under the age of 18.
Governing areas.
NJ is one of the 59 LSCs of USA Swimming. NJ covers the 13 counties north of, and including, Mercer and Monmouth county. All of NJ lies within the state of New Jersey.
Clubs.
There are over 60 clubs registered in the NJ LSC, with new teams being added yearly. Teams include: 
Governance.
The New Jersey LSC is run by its Board of Directors, elected by the House of Delegates.

</doc>
<doc id="31042646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042646" title="The First Word in Memory Is Me">
The First Word in Memory Is Me

"The First Word in Memory Is Me" is a song written by Pat Bunch, Pam Rose and Mary Ann Kennedy, and recorded by American country artist Janie Fricke. It was released in 1985 as the second single from the album "The First Word in Memory". The song reached #7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31042663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042663" title="O Music Awards">
O Music Awards

The O Music Awards (commonly abbreviated as the OMAs) is an awards show presented by Viacom to honor music, technology and intersection between the two. The 1st O Music Awards ceremony was held on April 28, 2011 on Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas. The 3rd O Music Awards was held on June 27, 2012. The show continues all year round in the form of a music and tech blog, The O Music Blog, and a New York-based live events series called Unboxed that features music, tech, art and interactivity.
Past winners include Spotify (Best Music App), Björk (Digital Genius Award), Way Out West (Most Innovative Festival), CrowdJuke (Best Music Hack) and Lady Gaga (Must Follow Artist On Twitter, Innovative Artist). The show has also featured up-and-coming acts like Foster The People and Alabama Shakes, as well as icons like The Flaming Lips and Robyn.
Running in tandem with the awards and performances, O Music Awards have successfully made its way into the history books by carving out 3 Guinness World Records. During the inaugural O Music Awards in Las Vegas in April 2011, rapper Chiddy of Chiddy Bang snagged Guinness World Records titles for the Longest Freestyle Rap and the Longest Marathon Rapping record after rapping for 9 hours, 16 minutes and 22 seconds. For O Music Awards 2, the show took on an even more ambitious goal: Longest Team Dance Marathon. A group of 13 dancers assembled at LA’s famed club The Roxy on Halloween Eve to take on this epic attempt. Twenty-four hours later, all 13 were still standing and seized the record. The effort also raised more than $32,000 to fight bullying, with the money divided equally between The Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network (GLSEN), The It Gets Better Project, The Gay Straight Alliance Network (GSA), Human Rights Campaign (HRC), Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) and The Trevor Project.
O Music Awards 2011: I
O Music Awards 2011: II
O Music Awards 2012:

</doc>
<doc id="31042669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042669" title="Ahmad Ali El Zein">
Ahmad Ali El Zein

Ahmad Ali El Zein (born 1956), is a Lebanese novelist, documentary film maker and television journalist. He is best known for his triology novels, Edge of oblivion (2007), Suhbat al-Tayer 2010, and (2014). He lives traveling between Europe and the Middle East, where he shoots a series of documnetaries on Arab intellectuals and artists entitled Rawafed and broadcast on Al Arabiya News Channel
Biography.
Ahmad Ali El Zein was born on March 1956 in the village of Akar al-Atika, north Lebanon, to Ali El-Zein and Fatima al-Mohamad. He grew up in a rural and pastoral environment, a peaceful and archaic milieu lying on the Lebanese northern mountains of Akkar amid thick woods of fir, pine and oak.
Ahmad Ali El Zein studied Music and Theatre at the Lebanese University, Beirut. He started as a journalist in 1978 and wrote cultural essays, articles, and editorials for “al-Nida” newspaper, “Annahar”, “Assafir”, “al-Hayat” “Zahrat al-Khalij".
In 1986, he produced, wrote and presented dozens of comedies and political shows for Radio “Sawt al-Sha’b”, which climbed to top ranking in audience rating few time later after its launch.
For television, he realized documentary films (1992–1994) portraying contemporary Lebanese artists, singers, musicians, writers, poets, etc. for “Tele Liban”. From 1997 to 2000 he contributed to the redaction and production of several episodes of the talk show host program “Hiwar al-Omr” presented by Gisel Khoury and broadcast on “Lbc Channel”. On Abu Dhabi TV in 2001-2003 he edited and directed “Qiraat”, a program presenting latest and most important books. he also wrote, edited and directed a series of short documentaries portraying celebrities of the 20th century such Zakariyya Ahmad, Mohammed Abdel Wahab, Asmahan, Oum Kalthoum, Abdel Halim Hafez, Farid al-Atrash, Laila Murad, Mohamed El Qasabgi, Fairuz, etc.
One of his plays, Ru'ya was staged at Unesco castle theatre in Beirut in 2000. He wrote Al-Tayoun (1988), Khirbat al-Nawwah (1992), Ma'bar al-Nadam (1998) and Hafat al-Nisyan (2007)[The Edge of Oblivion, the first volume of his trilogy Thulathiyat Abdul Jalil Ghazal, excerpted in Banipal, Sohbat al-Tayer (2011), Barid al-Ghouroub (2014).
Ahmad El Zein started in 2003 shooting a series of documentaries entitled Rawafed and broadcast on “Al Arabiya News Channel”. Rawafed, one of the most acclaimed TV programs, was awarded the golden prize for the best cultural and educational program at the 10th edition of the Gulf Media Festival.
The Edge of Oblivion.
The first volume of a trilogy about fictional hero Abdul Jalil Ghazal – whom we meet limping from the ruins of an intolerable desert prison, continually sucked back into his dark and horrifying memories as he tries to make sense of his present predicament.
List of works.
Play.
Ru'ya

</doc>
<doc id="31042671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042671" title="Jacob Berens">
Jacob Berens

Jacob Berens (c. 1835 – 7 July 1916) was an Ojibwa chief whose native name was Nah-wee-kee-sick-quah-yash (and variations). The name means "light moving in the centre of the sky" and probably was a result of the Halley’s comet occurrence in 1835.
Berens was instrumental in negotiations of Treaty No.5 with the Canadian government in 1875.
The community of Berens River, and the Berens River itself gave rise to his English surname. The Berens River First Nation are the aboriginal population that also utilize the name. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042721" title="2010–11 Belmont Bruins men's basketball team">
2010–11 Belmont Bruins men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Belmont Bruins men's basketball team represented Belmont University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bruins, led by 25th year head coach Rick Byrd, played their home games at the Curb Event Center and are members of the Atlantic Sun Conference. They finished the season 30–5, 19–1 in A-Sun play to win the regular season conference championship. They also were champions of the 2011 Atlantic Sun Men's Basketball Tournament to earn an automatic bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were defeated in the second round by Wisconsin.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Atlantic Sun Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31042738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042738" title="Connect-R">
Connect-R

Ștefan Relu Mihalache (born June 9, 1982, in Bucharest, Romania), better known by his stage name Connect-R, is a Romanian hip hop and pop musician, producer and occasional actor, best known for his association with Romanian hip hop group R.A.C.L.A. early in his career and the successful solo career that followed his leaving of the group. He has been noted as having a baritone-range singing voice and his eclectic musical style.
Biography.
Early life.
Mihalache was born in mid-1982 in Bucharest and, by the age of 8, was a professional dancer as a member of the dance group Primăvara. By the age of 15, he had become involved with hip hop music and in 1997 recorded "Observ", the first track in his professional career.
Discography.
Discuri single.
! rowspan=2| Year
! rowspan=2| Title
! colspan=1| Peak chart positions
! rowspan=2| Album
! width=30| Ro

</doc>
<doc id="31042753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042753" title="Mark Velasquez">
Mark Velasquez

Mark Velasquez (born August 2, 1977) is a photographer who competed on the first season of Bravo's reality television competition, '[.
Early life.
Velasquez attended and was an altar boy at St. Mary of the Assumption School and St. Louis de Montfort School. He attended St. Joseph High School (Santa Maria, California) and Cornish College of the Arts (Seattle, Washington) where he studied drawing, sculpture and performance art. Velasquez is an Eagle Scout and a member of the Elks. He has worked at his family's restaurant Tom's Take-Out since he was 14 years old in a variety of roles, most notably as a fry cook. He realized his love for photography after he began photographically documenting his own performance art pieces.
Influences.
While Velasquez's imagery can be alluring and often features scantily clad women, he cites Norman Rockwell as his primary inspiration. "Rockwell used people from his small town, his friends, neighbors, children ... making art from what you have around you."
Career.
Work of Art: The Next Great Artist.
In August 2009 Velasquez participated in the in Los Angeles, California open casting call for Bravo TV's art-themed reality television program Work of Art: The Next Great Artist. He was selected to be a contestant and competed on the program for 8 of 10 episodes until being voted off during episode 8: Opposites Attract, a Heaven and Hell-themed collaborative challenge with co-contestant Peregrine Honig. Honig wanted to depict hell through Velasquez's abdominal scar, a visual record of his bout with diverticulitis. While Mark initially fought back, saying that he didn't feel that the scar represented hell, he eventually acquiesced. The judges found the concept "uninspiring and clichéd." Host China Chow notably "fought back tears" while announcing the judges' decision that Velasquez would not continue.
Show & Tell.
May 2010 marked the publication of "Show & Tell", an 80-page hard-cover book collecting Velasquez's photographs of six models who represent milestones in his early career. The book includes ruminations on his experiences and relationships with each model and how both have changed over the course of their friendships.
NSFW magazine.
In November 2010 Velasquez launched "NSFW magazine" with collaborator Michael Neff. "NSFW", an acronym for Not Safe For Work, is a quarterly publication. Each issue is centered around a theme and features photographs and writings by Velasquez, a column written by Hilary Underwood, and photographs of model Kacie Marie.

</doc>
<doc id="31042780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042780" title="List of specific crimes in Western Australia">
List of specific crimes in Western Australia

This list includes notable individual crimes and criminals in Western Australia.
Eric Cooke.
Cooke was the central figure in several murders in Perth during 1963. After a crime spree he was captured later that year and confessed to the murder of five people and non-fatal shootings of three others. He also confessed to over 250 burglaries.
Cooke was the last person hanged in Western Australia on 26 October 1964.
In two related cases, John Button was accused of the murder of his girlfriend Rosemary Anderson in 1963 and Darryl Beamish was accused of the murder of Jillian Brewer in 1961. Despite a last minute confession from Cooke prior to going to the gallows for the two murders, the two men were tried and convicted as police believed Cooke to be a notorious liar. Following investigations by journalist Estelle Blackburn from 1998, both men's cases were reopened. In 2002, the conviction of John Button for manslaughter was quashed, and Darryl Beamish's wilful murder conviction was quashed in 2005.
Shirley Finn.
Shirley Finn was a flamboyant Perth brothel madam whose murdered body was found in her parked car in South Perth near Royal Perth Golf Club on 23 June 1975.
The murder remains unsolved, and it prompted a State Royal Commission into policing in the sex industry "Commission of Inquiry to Inquire into Matters Surrounding the Administration of the Law Relating to Prostitution (1976)". Allegations were made that brothels owned by Mrs Finn and others were "virtually immune from police action". Thirty years after the murder, West Australian police reopened a cold-case review of the murder.
Perth Mint Swindle.
In 1982 a gold heist netted persons unknown 68 kg of gold bars from the Perth Mint.
David and Catherine Birnie.
A husband and wife team faced charges of abduction, rape, torture and murder of four women in suburban Perth during 1986. Both received life sentences in Western Australian prisons for their crimes.
In January 2000, acting Western Australian Attorney General, Kevin Prince, said that while the Birnies can be considered for parole in 2007, he thought they would never be released unless they became too frail or senile.
David Birnie hanged himself in his cell at Casuarina Prison on the morning of 7 October 2005. He was given an indigent's funeral at taxpayers' expense after no-one came forward to claim his body.
Claremont serial killings.
In the 1990s, two young women were murdered and a third disappeared in the area of Claremont, Western Australia. All three women disappeared from the same suburb in similar circumstances, leading police to believe an unidentified serial killer committed the crimes.
To date no-one has been charged with the murders of the women despite an intensive police investigation. Several suspects have been identified and are believed to be subject to ongoing police surveillance.
Ora Banda shooting and Don Hancock bombing.
After retiring as head of the Perth CIB, Don Hancock purchased the tiny pub at Ora Banda, near Kalgoorlie. In October 2000 several members of the Gypsy Jokers motorcycle gang entered the pub and started to abuse the barmaid, who was Hancock's daughter, after which he threw them out. Later that night, one of the bikies, William Grierson, was shot dead as he sat around the campfire.
In September 2001, Hancock, returning from a Perth horse racing meeting with book-maker friend Lou Lewis drove into his driveway. A massive car bomb planted under the car at the race meeting, was remotely detonated and exploded, killing them both instantly. Don Hancock is also related to the Perth Mint Swindle.
Police believe that the bombing was a payback by motorcycle gang members for Grierson's murder.
Fabian Quaid.
Operation Interstice commenced in 2007 and was a joint investigation between the AFP, ACC, WA Police and the ACBPS (Customs) and resulted in the arrest and conviction of Fabian Quaid, Dimitrios Papadimitriou, Rade Ljuboja and Dejan Medan relating to the largest seizure of MDMA in WA history.
Cargo ship MSC Monica docked in Fremantle in April 2008 and unloaded 44 kilograms of MDMA, 35.2 kilograms of which was substituted by police at a house in the Perth suburb of Lockridge. 
Medan and Ljuboja pleaded guilty with Quaid and Papadimitriou convicted at trial. Medan was sentenced to 14 years imprisonment later reduced on appeal to 12 years. Ljuboja was sentenced to 25 years imprisonment. Both Quaid and Papadimitriou were sentenced to 17 years.
Steve Milenkovski.
During Operation Baystone, in December 2009, Western Australia Police, Organised Crime Squad seized 2.7 kilograms of methylamphetamine from a house in the Perth suburb of Stirling.
In February 2010, police intercepted a further 5.2 kilograms of methylamphetamine concealed in a car being transported to Western Australia from New South Wales.
Arrested over the seizures were Steve Milenkovski (who was about to be patched as the Perth’s Comanchero outlaw motorcycle gang president), Yavuz Ozan, Hao Bi, David Tanevski and Mark Vick Kitos.
In August 2012 Milenkovski was found guilty of two counts of Possess a Prohibited Drug with Intent to Sell or Supply after a 9 week Perth District Court trial and sentenced to 17 years jail as the "king pin". Two of his co-accused, were convicted of one charge each of attempted possession including David Tanevski who was sentenced to eight years' jail. Hao Bi, who was alleged to have been the courier was acquitted.
Marc Quaid.
On March 22 2013, the Western Australia Police, Gang Crime Squad seized 10 kilograms of methylamphetamine, more than 2 kilograms of heroin, over 1 kilogram of ecstasy and 600 grams of cocaine from a warehouse in Malaga.
Daniel Williamson was arrested at the warehouse and inquiries resulted in the later arrest and subsequent conviction of Marc Quaid (brother of convicted drug trafficker Fabian Quaid) and Roberto Zanon. Marc Quaid and Zanon are to be sentenced in August 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31042783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042783" title="Vilnius Declaration">
Vilnius Declaration

The Vilnius Declaration was a declaration adopted by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) during the 18th annual session of its parliamentary assembly, that took place in Vilnius from 29 June to 3 July 2009.
The declaration contained 28 resolutions that addressed a number of issues, including "...strengthening of the OSCE, election observation, the food security in the OSCE area, the world financial crisis and the social consequences of that crisis, Iran, Afghanistan, human rights and civil liberties, arms control and disarmament in Europe, labour migration in Central Asia, energy security, climate change, water management, freedom of expression on the Internet, and a moratorium on the death penalty." Its condemnation of totalitarianism and support for the European Day of Remembrance for Victims of Stalinism and Nazism provoked protests by Russia and international media attention.
Condemnation of totalitarianism.
Its resolution on "Europe Reunited: Promoting Human Rights and Civil Liberties in the OSCE Region in the 21st Century" is notable for its condemnation of totalitarianism. The resolution states that "in the twentieth century European countries experienced two major totalitarian regimes, Nazi and Stalinist, which brought about genocide, violations of human rights and freedoms, war crimes and crimes against humanity," urges all OSCE members to take a "united stand against all totalitarian rule from whatever ideological background," condemns "the glorification of the totalitarian regimes, including the holding of public demonstrations glorifying the Nazi or Stalinist past," and expresses support for the European Day of Remembrance for Victims of Stalinism and Nazism, which was proclaimed by the European Parliament in 2008.
The resolution was criticized by Russia, as Joseph Stalin "continues to be a hero to many Russians". The Russian delegation tried but failed to have the resolution withdrawn. Of 213 present delegates from 50 countries, 201 supported the resolution, 8 voted against and 4 abstained.

</doc>
<doc id="31042798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042798" title="Hood River News">
Hood River News

The Hood River News is a bi-weekly paper published in Hood River, Oregon, United States, since 1905. It is published on Wednesdays and Saturdays by Eagle Newspapers and has a circulation of 4,843. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042807" title="North Aceh FC">
North Aceh FC

North Aceh FC stands for North Aceh Football Club is an Indonesian football club based in North Aceh Regency, Aceh. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042820" title="Mal 81">
Mal 81

Mal 81 is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1981 and released by the Progressive label. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042828" title="The Spine (film)">
The Spine (film)

The Spine is a 2009 animated short by Chris Landreth about a married dysfunctional couple, created in Landreth's "psycho realist" style, in which characters' mental states are reflected in their physical appearance. Voices for the couple were supplied by Gordon Pinsent and Alberta Watson.
Landreth has explained his animation style as "a kind of surrealistic portrayal of real people and what I do with the surrealistic part is to make people's emotional, psychological and spiritual state kind of very evident on their faces and in their body so that they look …scarred in a way that reflects their history."
"The Spine" was produced by the National Film Board of Canada in association with Copperheart Animation and C.O.R.E. Digital Pictures, with the creative participation of Autodesk Canada and Seneca College's School of Communication Arts. It is Landreth's second film with Copper Heart and the NFB, having won the 2004 Academy Award for Animated Short Film and the 25th Genie Award for Best Animated Short for his previous work, "Ryan.
Writing.
The screenplay for "The Spine" was written by Landreth while enrolled in a professional screenwriting workshop at Ryerson Polytechnic University. Some of the story was based on what he'd seen, 20 years earlier, at a group therapy session for couples, where it seemed to Landreth that portraying a dysfunctional relationship would make for an interesting story. It took Landreth just two hours to put the outline together, but completing the story took a year. The Ryerson workshop helped Landreth to flesh out his story and as of 2009, he continues to meet with his writing group once a month. Landreth also credits the production teams from the National Film Board and Copperheart for their creative input.
Production.
Producing "The Spine" took two years, with the first year devoted mainly to development. The film was a more ambitious project technically than "Ryan", and so required a much larger production team. Animators from Seneca College, which had been involved in "Ryan", played a much larger role in the making of "The Spine", with Seneca College people doing "about 95% of the animation," according to Landreth. Seneca professor Sean Craig, who had worked on "Ryan" as a student, was an animation director on "The Spine". The film also utilized the input of C.O.R.E., including a team that did most of the computer rendering. The film was principally created using Autodesk Maya and Houdini 3D software.
Release.
"The Spine" had its world premiere at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, followed by a North American premiere at the Worldwide Short Film Festival in Toronto. In August 2009, Landreth presented the film at SIGGRAPH in New Orleans.
Awards.
"The Spine" received the award for the best film at the Melbourne International Animation Festival, and was named best animated short at the Nashville Film Festival. It was also nominated for the Genie Award for Best Animated Short at the 30th Genie Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31042842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042842" title="The Runner (newspaper)">
The Runner (newspaper)

The Runner is the independent student newspaper of Kwantlen Polytechnic University's 17,500-plus students, faculty and staff across Surrey, Richmond, Langley, Delta, and White Rock. It publishes 18 issues each year on both weekly and bi-weekly schedules between September and April. Summer issues are published monthly during May through August. The Runner withdrew as a member of the Canadian University Press in 2013.
Background.
The Runner first published in early 2009 after a successful February 2008 Kwantlen Student Association referendum for ""a freely distributed, year-round, multi-campus, student-owned, student-run news and campus culture publication"", which approved a $0.75 per credit levy that is refundable to students who may "opt out". Other funds supplement The Runner through advertisement sales.
It has formal, exclusive financial and editorial autonomy from the Kwantlen Student Association. Such autonomy avoids press freedom hindrance, where student unions or post-secondary institutions attempt to exert control over the content or funding of a student newspaper that commits journalism in the public interest.
Organization.
A board of directors maintains the general direction of the The Runner. It is the independent oversight for both an Editorial Division and Business Division. It functions under the umbrella of British Columbia's Society Act as a registered non-profit society named Polytechnic Ink Publishing Society (abbreviated as PIPS). Kwantlen students are the voting members of the society, and they may opt-out from it and receive a refund of their fee payment.
The Runner's editorial functions work as a collective; there is neither Managing Editor nor an Editor-in-Chief position. Each editor has delegated duties and tasks from the Editorial Division, while other general decisions are made by general votes or consensus from Contributors at meetings.
Runner Editors are elected each June by the paper's Contributors. Collectively, Contributors make up the society's Editorial Division and vote on all aspects of editorial policies, content and views. Contributors are student writers, photographers and illustrators who have had three of their submissions published within The Runner or other PIPS publications over the course of a calendar year.
The Runner also employs an Operations Manager who coordinates society human resources, day-to-day functions, and is in charge of the society's Business Division. The Operations Manager is not a board member, but attends meetings, and generally serves the society with its institutional memory.

</doc>
<doc id="31042851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042851" title="Curlew Camp">
Curlew Camp

Curlew Camp was an artists' camp established in the late 19th century on the eastern shore of Little Sirius Cove at Mosman in Sydney, Australia. It was home for some years to several leading Australian artists, such as Arthur Streeton and Tom Roberts of the Heidelberg School, and it was from here that some of their most famous paintings were created. Today the site is still in its natural state and the Mosman Council has built a foreshore walk called the “Curlew Camp Artist’s Walk” which traces the journey that the residents of the camp followed when they disembarked from the ferry at Musgrave Street Wharf and returned to the camping site. The walk starts at South Mosman Wharf (then Musgrave Street Wharf) and continues along the harbour’s edge for 1.6 km until it finishes at Taronga Zoo Wharf.
Early days.
Curlew Camp was originally established in about 1890 by Reuben Brasch who was a wealthy clothing manufacturer and owned a Department store in Sydney. He and his brothers used the camp on weekends for recreation. In about 1891 Arthur Streeton first moved into Curlew Camp when he came from Melbourne where he had lived in the Heidelberg camp. At this time he was 24 years old. Tom Roberts joined him soon after. As a source of income they held art classes in a Sydney studio. An advertisement. was placed in a newspaper in 1893 for one of these classes (see ad on right). Both artists were "plein air" painters so camp life in the outdoors suited them well.
In these early years the Curlew camp was quite small but well organised and comfortable. Streeton described it to a reporter in his later years when he was about 73 years old. He said that besides the Brasch brothers there were a few other men. They had half a dozen tents between them and there was a dining tent, a dancing floor and even a small piano. He said that they lived well for 12/6 a week.
Julian Ashton was mainly a resident of a nearby artist’s camp at Balmoral but he did visit Curlew occasionally. In his later years he remembered Streeton and Roberts.
While he was at the camp Streeton wrote many letters to his friends and in some of them he gives colourful descriptions of life in the camp. In the early 1890s he wrote the following.
In April 1891 he wrote.
In 1896 he wrote
Tom Roberts was 35 when he came to Curlew Camp. He was different from the other artists as he was always well dressed. He wanted to paint portraits and to do this he needed an air of distinction. One artist at the camp said. ""He represented the successful artist with the entre to Government House and was on the dining list of people who had a couple of thousand a year."".
In 1896 Tom Roberts married and left the camp to live in Balmain. Streeton stayed for another two years and then in 1898 went to England for some time. He returned to Australia for a short while in 1907 and again visited Curlew Camp. From a vantage point above the site he painted some of his most famous works.
Streeton long remembered his days at Curlew. When he was interviewed in 1940 at his home in the Dandenongs in Victoria, the reporter said that the photo of him at Curlew crouching over his painting (see photo at left) was hung above his mantelpiece and he looked back on this time with fondness. Also a letter written by him to another artist in 1943, almost at the end of his life, indicates that he remembered the camp well. In the letter he sketched a rough diagram of its location on the east side of Sirius Cove (see sketch on right) and said. "It’s quite exciting to think of you who used to paint in watercolour noticing where our camp used to be in Sirius Cove about 1891 to 1898."
There were other artists living in the camp in this early period. The most notable was Henry Fullwood who painted a work called “Sirius Cove” in 1895. There were also musicians such as William Marshall-Hall (1862–1915) and Alfred Hill(1870–1960) who resided at the camp.
Curlew Camp after 1900.
After the painters had left Curlew the camp became more a place for those who were interested in sailing or enjoyed the outdoor life. Frederick Lane (1880–1969) became the proprietor of the camp. Lane (see photo below) was a famous Australian Olympic swimmer who won two gold medals at the 1900 Games in Paris. When he returned from the Games he lived at the camp and commuted to the city where he worked in his printing firm called Smith and Lane. He stayed at the camp until his marriage in 1908. The camp became larger and more structured during this latter period. It now had a weatherboard dining room and a billiards tent known as the tabernacle (see photos below).
The camp closed in 1912 when it was decided to locate the Taronga Park Zoo on the ridge above the site.

</doc>
<doc id="31042856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042856" title="Oilibya">
Oilibya

OiLibya, is the brand name used by the affiliates owned by Libya Oil Holdings and previously known as Tamoil Africa. The Libyan state-owned company has over 3000 branches in 21 countries across Africa Egypt, Senegal, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, Gabon, Kenya, Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger, Chad, Eritrea, Uganda, Nigeria, Mauritius, Ile de Réunion, Morocco, Tunisia, Ethiopia, Sudan and Djibouti. OiLibya is managed by the Libyan Investment Authority, a sovereign wealth fund that manages Libya’s assets in other countries.
Expansion & oil exploration.
In 2008 OiLibya entered the Ethiopian market acquiring 100% of Shell's Ethiopia and Djibouti petroleum retail business, Shell’s Ethiopia official Bahru Temesgen confirmed to Reuters. He declined to reveal the amount of money OiLibya, owned by Libyan holding company Libyan African Portfolio (LAP) Greenco, paid. Oilibya has bought many other retail petroleum dealers in Africa, including taking over ExxonMobil's business in Kenya.
Bahru said at the time the sale was consistent with Shell's global strategy to focus on oil exploration and get out of retail business.
As well as operating retail outlets in Africa, the state-owned OiLibya, previously called Tamoil Africa, proposed plans to build two pipelines on the continent, one between Kenya and Uganda and another to supply five countries with oil products from a Ugandan refinery.
With the largest oil reserve in Africa within its territories, Libya expanded exploration with the support of international companies, including BP, Royal Dutch Shell and Eni after the US ended almost two decades of sanctions in 2004.
OiLibya is managed by the Libyan Investment Authority, a sovereign wealth fund that manages Libya’s assets in other countries, including Libya Oil Holding and Tamoil, which owns three refineries in Europe and more than 3,000 filling stations on the continent..
2011 Libyan civil war.
In February 2011 some African countries began to express concerns as to how the 2011 Libyan civil war might affect OiLibya and its outlets across the region. Of particular concern were the huge debts racked up by Libya's key enterprises, largely taken on in with the assurance that the Libyan government was always at hand to bail them out every time they ran short of cash.
See also.
Libya Oil Holdings 

</doc>
<doc id="31042886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042886" title="Lewis Grosenbaugh">
Lewis Grosenbaugh

Lewis R. (Lou) Grosenbaugh (November 4, 1913 – April 22, 2003) was a prominent U.S. Forest Service researcher and head of the Forest Service's first Pioneering Research Unit, in forest mensuration, in Berkeley, California. Known for his contributions to the fields of forest inventory, forest measurement, and forest management, Grosenbaugh built on Walter Bitterlich's idea of estimating the density of a forest with timber cruising so that individual trees could be used to estimate various stand measures, such as volume per acre.
Legacy.
A notable contribution of Grosenbaugh was adapting Bitterlich's techniques to forest inventories throughout the US. Grosenbaugh promoted the findings of European foresters and brought them the researchers and foresters in the US.
Grosenbaugh had pioneered many original thoughts during his work in statistical sampling of trees in forests, including subsampling trees to obtain a volume to basal area ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="31042895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042895" title="Average high cost multiple">
Average high cost multiple

In unemployment insurance (UI) in the United States, the average high-cost multiple (AHCM) is a commonly used actuarial measure of Unemployment Trust Fund adequacy. Technically, AHCM is defined as reserve ratio (i.e., the balance of UI trust fund expressed as % of total wages paid in covered employment) divided by average cost rate of three high-cost years in the state's recent history (typically 20 years or a period covering three recessions, whichever is longer). In this definition, cost rate for any duration of time is defined as benefit cost divided by total wages paid in covered employment for the same duration, usually expressed as a percentage.
Intuitively, the AHCM provides an estimate of the length of time (measured in number of years) current reserve in the trust fund (without taking into account future revenue income) can pay out benefits at historically high payout rate. For example, if a state's AHCM is 1.0 immediately prior to a recession, and if the incoming recession is of the average magnitude of the past three recessions, then the state is expected to be able to pay one year of UI benefits using the money already in its trust fund alone. If the AHCM is 0.5, then the state is expected to be able to pay out six months of benefits when the a similar recession hits.
Example.
As of December 31, 2009, a state has a balance of $500 million in its UI trust fund. The total wages of its covered employment is $40 billion. The reserve ratio for this state on this day is $500/$40000 = 1.25%. Historically, the state experienced three highest-cost years in 1991, 2002, and 2009, when the cost rates were 1.50, 1.80, and 3.00, respectively. The average high-cost rate for this state is therefore 2.10. Thus, the average high-cost multiple is 1.25/2.10 = 0.595.
US average high-cost multiple.
The following chart shows US average high-cost multiple from 1957 to 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042898" title="Boardman, Florida">
Boardman, Florida

Boardman is an unincorporated community in Marion County, Florida, United States. It lies just east of U.S. Route 441 / State Road 25, along Northwest 219th Street.
Location and demographics.
The Boardman area can be accessed from the Interstate 75 to U.S. Route 441. The community lies between Evinston to the north and McIntosh to the south.
The Micanopy post office serves the local Zip code of 32667 which also includes the communities of Albemarle, Louisa, and Orange. The Zip code, located within the Gainesville, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, was populated by 1,591 men and 1,637 women in 2010. The median ages of the men and women were 42.2 and 45.1, respectively. The average home value was $88,100 and the average annual household income was $54,298.

</doc>
<doc id="31042903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042903" title="Persidi Idi Rayeuk">
Persidi Idi Rayeuk

Persidi stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Idi Rayeuk ("en: Football Association of Idi Rayeuk"). Persidi Idi is an Indonesian football club based in Idi Rayeuk, East Aceh Regency, Aceh. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042915" title="Yarigu Helbedi">
Yarigu Helbedi

Yarigu Helbedi is a 1994 Kannada comedy-drama film directed by Kodlu Ramakrishna. It stars Anant Nag, Vinaya Prasad, Mukhyamantri Chandru and Vaishali Kasaravalli among others.
Plot.
Anant Nag plays a fraud who cheats gullible housewives and steals a site.

</doc>
<doc id="31042931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042931" title="Palermo Notarbartolo railway station">
Palermo Notarbartolo railway station

Palermo Notarbartolo () is one of the main railway stations serving the city and "comune" of Palermo, capital of the region of Sicily in Italy. Opened in 1974, it is the second most important station in Palermo, after Palermo Centrale. It forms part of the Palermo–Trapani railway, and is also the junction station for a branch line to Palermo Giachery.
The station is currently managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI). Train services are operated by Trenitalia. Each of these companies is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned rail company.
Location.
Palermo Notarbartolo railway station is situated at Piazza Matteo Maria Boiardo, to the north west of the Palermo city centre. It takes its name from Via Notarbartolo, one of the most important streets in Palermo.
History.
The station was opened in 1974. Work on its construction had begun in the 1930s, but had been suspended during World War II. After several vicissitudes, the work had later resumed, and was brought to fruition in the 1970s. With the opening of the Notarbartolo station, the old Palermo Lolli station, located in Piazza Lolli, was decommissioned.
The station was created as part of modifications to Palermo's rail infrastructure arrangements. These modifications were aimed at streamlining the traffic affected by about 10 level crossings that had actually "cut the town in two". To solve this problem, the lines were placed deep underground.
In the 1990s, a metro-link to Palermo Notarbartolo was opened from Palermo Centrale, in Piazza Giachery. It uses the existing underground route of the old Bivio–Olivuzza–Porto railway, and touches most of the city.
Currently under construction is another railway link that will connect a further big chunk of the city (the south-west).
Facilities.
The architectural design of the station is very special, as it has only a head house at street level, while the rest of the station, including the tracks, are far below street level. There are seven platforms in total.
Italferr has recently started renovation work on the station that will radically alter its face, and make it part of a small shopping centre. 
<br clear=left>
Interchange.
The station is served by the Palermo metropolitan railway service.
There is also a bus terminal for local buses.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version, as at March 2011."
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31042944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042944" title="Martin Mejstřík">
Martin Mejstřík

Martin Mejstřík (born 30 May 1962 in Kolín) is a Czech politician and human rights activist. He is notable for his role as a student leader during the Velvet Revolution that led to the ousting of the Communist regime in Czechoslovakia in November 1989. He served as a Senator in the Senate of the Parliament of the Czech Republic from 2002 to 2008, representing Prague 1 as an independent, and was a member of the Senate Committee on Education, Science, Culture, Human Rights and Petitions. Mejstřík is a founding signatory of the Prague Declaration on European Conscience and Communism (and the co-organizer, with Jana Hybášková, of its preceding conference) and the Declaration on Crimes of Communism. He was also one of the politicians proposing the creation of the Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes. In 2007, he proposed a ban on "communist and all totalitarian propaganda and symbols".

</doc>
<doc id="31042953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042953" title="PSAB Aceh Besar">
PSAB Aceh Besar

PSAB stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Aceh Besar ("en: Football Association of Great Aceh"). PSAB Aceh Besar is an Indonesian football club based in Aceh Besar Regency, Aceh. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31042970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042970" title="The Madras Pioneer">
The Madras Pioneer

The Madras Pioneer is a weekly paper published in Madras, Oregon, United States, since 1904. It is published on Wednesdays and has a circulation of 4,124. It is the newspaper of record for Jefferson County. The paper was once owned by Oregon governor Elmo Smith, whose family still owns Eagle Newspapers. In January 2013, the paper was sold to the Pamplin Media Group along with five other papers owned by Eagle Newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="31043005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043005" title="PSPP Padang Panjang">
PSPP Padang Panjang

PSPP stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Padang Panjang ("en: Football Association of Padang Panjang"). PSPP Padang Panjang is an Indonesian football club based in Padang Panjang, West Sumatra. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31043011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043011" title="2011 MAC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 MAC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Mid-American Conference men's basketball tournament is the post-season basketball tournament for the Mid-American Conference (MAC) 2010–11 season. The winner of the tournament receives the MAC's automatic bid into the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship tournament.
Format.
Each of the 12 men's basketball teams in the MAC receives a berth in the conference tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record with the following two-team tiebreakers:
For multiple team ties:
Once a three-team tie has been reduced to two teams, the two-team tiebreaker will go into effect.
The top four seeds receive byes into the quarterfinals. The winners of each division are awarded the #1 and #2 seeds. The team with the best record of the two receives the #1 seed. First round games will be played on campus sites at the higher seed. The remaining rounds will be held at Quicken Loans Arena.
Bracket.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime.
Championship game.
In the championship game, Akron defeated Kent State 66–65. Senior Brett McKnight led Akron with 15 points and scored the final two points of the game, hitting two free throws to put his team up by one. With 12 seconds to go in the overtime period, Kent State had the ball and a chance to win, but Zeke Marshall blocked Kent State's first attempt and the second attempt was deflected. As Akron celebrated after the final buzzer, one of the Kent State players, who had laid down on the court in disappointment, was accidentally stepped on by the jumping mob of Akron players, and a slight skirmish broke out after his teammates came to his defense.
The Akron Zips advanced to their third NCAA Tournament of the Division I era. They would go on to lose to Notre Dame in their first game.

</doc>
<doc id="31043020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043020" title="Donald O'Brien (actor)">
Donald O'Brien (actor)

Donal "Donald" O'Brien (born September 15, 1930) was a French-born Italian film and television actor of Irish descent. In his near 40-year career, O'Brien appeared in dozens of stage performances and in more than 60 film and television productions.
O'Brien was born in Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, raised in both Northern France and Dublin, Ireland with his family, and made his feature film debut in 1953 with Anatole Litvak's war drama "Act of Love". He studied acting in Dublin and initially joined the Gate Theatre at age 19 before making the transition to film several years later. O'Brien's performance in "The Train" (1964), in which he played an SS "Feldwebel", led to his first breakout role in "Grand Prix" (1966) starring alongside James Garner and Eva Marie Saint.
He was particularly known for his performances in the Spaghetti Western genre of the late-1960s and 70s, with memorable roles in "Run, Man, Run!" (1968), "Four of the Apocalypse" (1975), "Keoma" (1976), "A Man Called Blade" (1977) and "They Died with Their Boots On" (1978), as well as later appearances in Italian horror, post-apocalyptic, and zombie films. In 1980, O'Brien suffered a head injury which left him in a coma for three days and partially paralyzed. Though eventually recovering from his injuries, his mobility was significantly limited for the rest of his life. In spite of this, O'Brien continued to work for another decade in the Italian film industry, almost exclusively for directors Lucio Fulci and Joe D'Amato. His last years included supporting roles in "The Name of the Rose" (1986) and "The Devil's Daughter" (1991).
Early life.
O'Brien was born in Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques in France on September 15, 1930. His Irish-born father had been a U.S. Army cavalry officer and left the service after being wounded in the Spanish-American War. His father then returned to Ireland with the pension he received for his military service, sold the family farm and retired to the South of France where he eventually met and married an English governess. O'Brien's family moved around during the next few years before settling in the country's northern coast. During the Second World War, and the Nazi occupation of France, his family fled the country to Dublin, Ireland. It was during this period that one of O'Brien's brothers, among the dozen Irish volunteers serving in the Royal Air Force, was killed in action.
Growing up, he was a great admirer of fellow Irishmen William Butler Yeats and Michael Collins, the French adventurer André Malraux, composer Maurice Ravel, the Italian artist Giorgio de Chirico, German boxer Max Schmeling, English actor Sir Laurence Olivier and especially handicapped WWII ace Douglas Bader.
Acting career.
Early stage and film career.
In the fall of 1948, O'Brien attended grammar school in Dublin where he was studying for final exam. He sat for his matriculation, for "a first-class ticket" to university, but failed in mathematics. Instead of taking classes for another year, he decided instead to join a drama school. He received leading roles for several local stage performances and, after joining the Dublin Gate Theatre, was involved with productions headed by Irish dramatist Micheál Mac Liammóir. O'Brien's profile was significantly raised while with the Gate Theatre, however, he grew dissatisfied with continuously being cast in walk-on roles. He decided to relocate to France where found employment with the US Army in Paris as an office worker. O'Brien was part of a boxing club while in Dublin and later involved in a fight with a German all-in-wrestler at a cafe at Place Pigalle.
In 1953, the 23-year-old O'Brien made his first appearance in a feature film, Anatole Litvak's war drama "Act of Love", in which he had a brief speaking role. He spent the next few years in France and had minor roles in several other films including "The Wretches" (1960), "Saint Tropez Blues" (1961), "Dynamite Jack" (1961), "Tales of Paris" (1962) and, in an uncredited role, as an English priest in "The Trial of Joan of Arc" (1962); he also made his French television debut guest starring on "L'inspecteur Leclerc enquête". The following year, he had another brief role as an SS "Feldwebel" in "The Train" (1964), which so impressed director John Frankenheimer that he cast O'Brien as a supporting character in "Grand Prix" (1966), his first breakout role, co-starring James Garner and Eva Marie Saint. O'Brien credited Burt Lancaster with helping himself and other younger actors on the set of "The Train".
His later "Grand Prix" co-star James Garner, however, struck him as,
In between the two projects, he played character roles in several action and war films, mostly French-Italian co-productions, including "Weekend at Dunkirk", "Passeport diplomatique agent K 8", "La Métamorphose des cloportes", "Three Rooms in Manhattan", "Nick Carter and Red Club", "La Vie de chateau" and "La Ligne de démarcation". O'Brien played an RAF pilot, much like his late brother, in the latter film. He also travelled to Yugoslavia to work on Jean Dréville's "La Fayette".
Leading man in Spaghetti Westerns.
In 1967, O'Brien was brought to Italy to star in Sergio Sollima's cult Spaghetti Western "Run, Man, Run!" with Tomas Milian. His portrayal of ex-American lawman turned soldier of fortune Nathaniel Cassidy led to future leading roles in the genre for a number of years. Shortly after filming, he was interviewed in the 1968 television documentary "Western, Italian Style". Sollima, according to O'Brien, was "considered to be the intellectual among the Western filmmakers. I enjoyed working with him. He was a very intelligent and gifted man." It was during his years working in Italy that he changed his given name from "Donal" to "Donald", given his film contracts and credits frequently misspelled his name, banks would refuse to cash his checks under his birth name. He ended up having to the embassy to have a new passport issued with "Donald" in parentheses.
By the early-1970s, however, the genre was already starting its slow decline and saw O'Brien, usually a villain (or occasional anti-hero), in increasingly low-budget productions such as Giuseppe Vari's "The Last Traitor" (1971), with Maurice Poli and Dino Strano, "Paid In Blood" (1971) with Jeff Cameron, and "Sheriff of Rock Springs" (1971) with Cosetta Greco and Richard Harrison. He made another picture with Jeff Cameron, "God Is My Colt .45" (1972), two with William Berger, "Kung Fu Brothers in the Wild West" (1973) and "The Executioner of God" (1973), and "Six Bounty Killers for a Massacre" (1973) with Attilio Dottesio and Robert Woods. He later recalled having a somewhat strained relationship with Berger, mostly due to his drug issues, and was given parts originally intended for the older actor when was either unable to perform or had been arrested. O'Brien also starred in one of his first non-western roles, in the Italian horror film "Il sesso della strega", as the investigating police inspector.
That same year, O'Brien was asked by Harrison to co-star in his own Spaghetti Western, "Two Brothers in Trinity" (1973), which was co-directed by Renzo Genta. In the film, O'Brien played devout Mormon missionary Lester O'Hara, half-brother of Harrison's womanizing amoral character Jesse Smith. The next year, he had supporting role "White Fang to the Rescue" (1974) and "Challenge to White Fang" (1974), the latter being his first film with Lucio Fulci. He was again cast by Fulci in "Four of the Apocalypse" (1975). O'Brien had starring roles in the last few "twilight" Spaghetti Westerns, "Keoma" (1977), "A Man Called Blade" (1977) and Fulci's fourth and final western "They Died with Their Boots On" (1978). O'Brien called Fulci one of his most favorite directors to work with and was deeply saddened when learning of his death in a 1996 interview calling him "a truly original human being with a great love for cinema".
Foray into exploitation and horror films.
While filming his last Spaghetti Westerns, O'Brien appeared in one of Joe D'Amato's entries of the "Emanuelle series", "Emanuelle and the Last Cannibals" (1977), as white Safari hunter Donald McKenzie. In the film, he and his wife Maggie, played by another one-time Spaghetti Western star Susan Scott, encounter Emanuelle (Laura Gemser) in the Amazon and join her expedition to find a lost tribe of cannibals. He also played the villainous Nazi commandant in Marino Girolami's WWII farce "Kakkientruppen" (1977), police officer Sgt. Stricker in Gianfranco Parolini's "Yeti" (1977), mercinary Major Hagerty in Joe D'Amato's "Tough To Kill" (1978) and as the SS Commander in Enzo G. Castellari's "The Inglorious Bastards" (1978). One of O'Brien's co-stars, Bo Svenson, taught him how to say several lines in German for the film. In 1979, O'Brien starred as an exorcist the nunsploitation film "Images in a Convent", another D'Amato picture, which would be the first of many future religious-themed roles.
Over the next year, he appeared in two films by Marino Girolami. The first was a cameo appearance in the sex comedy "Sesso profondo" and the second, a much larger role, in Zombie Holocaust as the main villain Dr. Obrero. His depiction of the "mad scientist" became very popular among horror fans and remains one of the most infamous characters in the genre.
Later career in Italian cinema.
O'Brian starred in his first American production, the television film "The Day Christ Died", as a Roman soldier in 1980. Later that year, while staying in Parisian hotel, he slipped in the bathroom and hit his head. He was in a coma for three days and discovered half of his body was paralyzed shortly after waking up. It took him nearly four years to recover from his injuries though he would have limited mobility for the rest of his life. This would also reduce the range of roles he could play.
He made his return to acting in the 1980s post-apocalyptic films "The New Gladiators" and "2020 Texas Gladiators" directed by Lucio Fulci and Joe D'Amato respectively. In D'Amato's film, he played the main villain, the Dark One. The death scene for his character featured an elaborate special effect scene for the time, in which his skull was "cracked open" by an axe, but the producers felt it was too over the top and cut it from the film. His handicap continued to trouble him over the years, being necessary to use a walking stick, and as a result his appearances became sporadic during the rest of the decade. In 1986, he played another "mad scientist" in Sergio Martino's science fiction film "Vendetta dal futuro"/ aka "Fists of Steel". He also played a supporting part, as Pietro d'Assisi, in "The Name of the Rose" directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud that same year. Two years later, he played the mad housekeeper Valkos in "Ghosthouse".
In 1990, O'Brien was cast as a Sicilian baron in Marco Modugno's "Il Briganti", among the locations filmed included Hadrian's Villa, however the film was never released. He had roles in three other films; the historical drama "Una vita scellerata", the post-apocalyptic film "Flight from Paradise" and "Quest for the Mighty Sword". In "Quest", he played yet another villain, Prince Gunther, opposite Eric Allan Kramer and Margaret Lenzey. He was also joined by Laura Gemser who played his sister Kriemhild. He was supposed to appear in a somewhat risque cameo for Tinto Brass' erotic film "Paprika" but his scene was lost on the cutting room floor.
Semi-retirement.
His last regular film roles were in "Return From Death" (1991), "The Devil's Daughter"/ aka "The Sect" (1991) and "Sparrow" (1993). As he became more active, however, it was around this time that O'Brien suffered another accident. While walking on a beach with two of his brothers, he attempted a short sprint but fell and was unable to get back up. His brothers were able to get him a hospital where it was discovered that the hip bones on one side of his body were severely damaged due to being overly stressed. In March 1996, he gave a rare interview with "Euro Trash Cinema", a popular European exploitation film magazine, in which he discussed his early life and career, former co-stars and his thoughts on the state of the Italian film industry. His last film was "Honey Sweet Love", in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31043045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043045" title="National Mortgage Crisis of the 1930s">
National Mortgage Crisis of the 1930s

The National Mortgage Crisis of the 1930s was a Depression-era crisis in the United States characterized by high-default rates and soaring loan-to-value ratios in the residential housing market. Rapid expansion in the residential non-farm housing market through the 1920s created a housing bubble inflated in part by "ad hoc" innovation on the part of the four primary financial intermediaries – commercial banks, life insurance companies, mutual savings banks, and Building & Loans (thrifts). As a result, the federal overhaul stemming from New Deal legislation gave rise to a paradigmatic shift in mortgage lending, popularizing longer-term maturity, fully amortizing mortgages and creating a thick secondary market for mortgage-related securities.
Pre-Crash Lending Policies.
Lending was dominated by four financial intermediaries – commercial banks, life insurance companies, mutual savings banks, and thrifts (also called Savings and Loan Associations, or S&Ls) – though only life insurance companies operated interregionally. Mutual savings banks and commercial banks held commanding market shares in specific regions – New England and Mid-Atlantic cities, and in the West, respectively – but were limited elsewhere. Thrifts, by contrast, expanded to all corners of the country by the end of the 1920s, but functioned predominantly on the local level.
In addition to their geographic range of influence, the four intermediaries differed in their preferred mortgage terms. Commercial banks, life insurance companies, and mutual savings banks typically offered 5-year balloon mortgages at a loan-to-value ratio 50%. As with any bubble environment, borrowers and lenders alike expected asset prices to rise "ad infinitum" and tended to continually refinance at maturity, exposing themselves to the clear danger of default and resulting institutional insolvency in the event of tightened credit.
S&Ls, on the other hand, tended to offer 11 to 12 year fully amortizing mortgages, and would generally write mortgages with loan-to-value ratios well in excess of 50%. Borrowers thus faced a decision: accept high payments in return for eventual outright ownership or preference short-term well-being over formal home ownership. Many adopted a hybrid, financing 50% of the purchase price (less down payment) with an interest-only balloon loan and covering the remainder with an amortizing mortgage from a thrift, eventually financing the obligation at maturity of the former (perhaps after rolling it over for several periods) with an amortizing loan, and in so doing extending the term to maturity of this hybrid while at the same time putting forth a smaller down payment (the combined value of the mortgages exceeds an individual mortgage that and individual would qualify for). This hybrid was termed the “Philadelphia Plan” by W. N. Loucks in 1928 in reference to where its use first became widespread.
Though all unique in term structure, each of these three financing instruments – two pure and one hybrid – were at risk of failure. The 12 year fully amortizing mortgage was perhaps the best option, but represented a substantial monthly obligation for the retail borrower even in the status quo, and thus an unmeetable one in the event of an acute economic crisis. The Philadelphia Plan and the pure 5-year balloon mortgage both presented the borrower with a lesser monthly obligation, but were predicated upon the assumption of freely available credit with which to refinance the principal at maturity which exposed them to substantial risk of default under an acute financial crisis characterized by tightening credit.
The Great Depression and Subsequent Modernization of the Mortgage Market.
The stock market crash on Black Tuesday and subsequent economic turmoil reified the formerly abstract risks endemic to the 1920s mortgage market: borrowers could no longer afford even moderate monthly payments and the recompense afforded by foreclosure on a lien did little to ameliorate many institutions' financial standing: between 1928 and 1933, home prices declined by nearly 30%, including an annual dip of 10.5% in 1932. As a result, many intermediaries failed, particularly S&Ls which had been operating their own Philadelphia Plans – issuing both the balloon and amortizing mortgages – the latter under a share accumulation loan plan whereby borrowers were required to buy shares in the S&L each period until their holdings were at par with the amortizing loan principal at which point the debt was canceled. Default increased effective loan balances for remaining borrowers by reducing the value of the sinking fund, further incentivizing default by other borrowers, and many S&Ls were forced to liquidate their holdings in whole – some 5,000 throughout the 1930s. While somewhat more muted because they were not subject to the woes of a share accumulation plan, other major financial intermediaries experienced a similar plight.
In 1934, as part of the New Deal, Congress passed the National Housing Act of 1934, which created two new agencies: (1) the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), which insured mortgages that met specific criteria, and (2) the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation (FSLIC), which insured deposits at S&Ls (and which failed during the Savings and Loan Crisis). Both were focused on shoring up the housing market by availing more credit, thereby thickening the market and stabilizing home prices. The FHA went one step further, and set restrictions on the terms and interest rates of qualifying mortgages, typically requiring fully amortizing mortgages to carry terms to maturity in excess of 15 years, with interest rates exceeding 5% annually in only isolated cases. The structure of these new mortgages mitigates much of the risk inherent to pre-crash instruments.
Aftermath.
Beginning with the advent of the FHA, loan-to-value ratios steadily increased, alleviating the need for borrowers to hold multiple mortgages as was the case with the Philadelphia Plan. In a continuing effort to thicken the residential mortgage market, the Federal Government created the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA, or Fannie Mae), which purchased mortgages issued under the auspices of the FHA in order to create a large secondary market for residential mortgages. The FHA applied increasingly stringent terms as time progressed, and by the 1950s many mortgages had increased terms to some 30 years, which has since become the industry standard.

</doc>
<doc id="31043047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043047" title="List of specific crimes in Newcastle">
List of specific crimes in Newcastle

Infamous crimes in , Australia's history include the Newcastle tragedy and the Mayfield tragedy.
Newcastle tragedy.
The Newcastle tragedy was the murder of Mary Buckley at her Newcastle townhouse in 1927. Buckley's husband had stumbled into Newcastle Police Station less than thirty minutes after the murder and confessed to his wife's slaying. The 43-year-old mother of four had been beaten to death with a tomahawk by her 53-year-old husband, George Andrew Buckley, who after killing his wife proceeded to slit her throat from ear to ear in the same bed as his sixteen-year-old daughter.
Marriage.
George Andrew Buckley and Mary Dent were married in Hamilton during 1903.
Their first child, John, was born in 1904. A second son, George Raymond Buckley, was born in 1906. The youngest of their four children, Ronald and Lily May Buckley, were born in 1909 and 1911 respectively.
Murder.
The couple’s youngest daughter Lily May had returned home from a picture theatre half an hour before her parents and later testified to their exchanging of “very hot words” before her father retired to the master bedroom upstairs. Mary and her daughter went to bed sometime later in a downstairs bedroom. Lily May had become increasingly worried by this stage that her father may try to harm her mother during the night, but had drifted off to sleep sometime after midnight.
At half-past two in the morning, it was alleged Buckley entered the room where his wife and daughter were sleeping and hit his wife over the head with a large tomahawk. Lily May woke in time to see her father produce a razor and make a slash at her helpless mother’s throat. Screaming, the girl bravely tried to save her mother from the blade but instead received a deep gash across the palm of her hand.
The girl endeavoured to stop the flow of blood from the gaping wound in her mother's throat with powder. Her father is alleged to have then said to her that she had better hurry to the hospital, as blood was "streaming copiously from the gash in her hand". The couple's eighteen-year-old son Ronald, who had been asleep upstairs, had been awakened by the screams and noise and entered the room to find his sister in tears, begging for him to get help.
Confession.
Having placed a sheet over her dead mother, Lily May threw a coat over her night attire and left the house to seek medical attention at the nearby Newcastle Hospital. While walking there, she met her brother and a Mrs. Lashmore who were on their way back to the house. Mrs. Lashmore accompanied Lily May to the hospital while Ronald made for the Police Station to report the crime, only to find his father already there. At the hospital, fourteen stitches were inserted in the sixteen-year-old's wound, after which she was escorted back to the home of Mrs. Lashmore on nearby Telford Street. Buckley had allegedly arrived at the Newcastle Police Station about 3am on the morning of April 17, and told a startled Sergeant Pestell, "I have committed a murder. I have killed my wife." Buckley was described as having been remarkably cool and collected, although it was stated he smelt of liquor.
Sergeant Pestell, who at that point noticed the blood on Buckley's hand and shirt, telephoned the Newcastle Ambulance Transport Brigade and instructed Constables Sands and Gardner to go to the address that Buckley had given. The horrific sight that met the two constables was recounted in grisly detail by the Newcastle Morning Herald the following morning:
The body was placed in the ambulance and taken to the Newcastle Hospital, where formal pronouncement of death was made by Dr. C. Cole. The body was then removed to the morgue. A charge of "murdering his wife" was preferred against Buckley, the charge being read to him by Sergeant Pestell.
Later that morning, an examination of the body was made at the mortuary by Dr. J. R. Leslie, the Government medical officer while endeavours were made by Newcastle Police to get in touch with the two other sons of George & Mary Buckley, but without success. None of the Buckley's neighbours heard any sounds from the house at the time the tragedy was being enacted, and the first news most had of the "ghastly occurrence" was after sunrise, when some pressmen were making inquiries in the vicinity.
Mayfield tragedy.
36 Sunnyside Street was the location of the murder of Edward Daly on 6 June 1972.
The 26-year-old was found dead with a gunshot wound an inch above his eyebrow on the front steps of his house on Sunnyside Street, Mayfield. Constable Peters of the Newcastle Water Police was first to the scene. It was 9:50pm when he heard gunshots fired somewhere on the darkened street. Petters soon stumbled upon Daly in a pool of his own blood beside a revolver. Initial suspicion of suicide was quickly dismissed after a woman living on nearby York Street testified to having seen two men, later identified as Mr. George Smith and Mr. Thomas Jones, at the scene of the crime moments after the gunshots were heard. The unidentified woman said that Smith panicked and hurriedly placed the revolver beside the deceased. As compelling as the eyewitness's testimony was, she had however not witnessed the murder take place and was unable to say which of the two had actually pulled the trigger.

</doc>
<doc id="31043070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043070" title="She's Single Again">
She's Single Again

"She's Single Again" is a song written by Peter McCann and Charlie Craig and recorded by American country music artist Janie Fricke. It was released in 1985 as the first single from the album "Somebody Else's Fire". The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. The song was also recorded by Reba McEntire for her 1985 album, "Have I Got a Deal for You".

</doc>
<doc id="31043075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043075" title="PS Bangka">
PS Bangka

Football Association Bangka (commonly abbreviated as:" 'PS Bangka'") is a club football Indonesia-based Sungai Liat, Provincial Bangka Belitung Islands. The club play their home games at Stadium Ir. Sutiyono (OROM), Sungai Liat.
PS Bangka established in 1970 and the 70s era had debuted with 8 big break of the Indonesian Competition. Since its heyday in the 70s PS Bangka, Bangka PS can be said achievements have ups and downs, especially due to the lack of financial support to the club. In the 2011/12 season, with the support of the Provincial Government of Bangka Belitung and Bangka prayer of the entire community, providing extra strength for PS Bangka successful players for the first time rose caste (promotion) to First Division League Indonesia in the 2013 season.
PS Bangka majority reinforced by local players, have" 'fans, named" 'Laskar Sekaban (meaning: Warriors Supporter Bangka)" which continues to provide support PS Bangka in every match in the Cage, and The away party. The supporters group to be a forum for lovers of Bangka PS club, and many social activities are very appropriate and beneficial to the community in the Pacific in general.
Season 2011/12, PS Bangka who play in Division I League Indonesia with high morale, the brilliantly successful campaign to Main Division Indonesian League 2013 season after being Runner Up Division I Liga Indonesia in 2011/12.
PS Bangka will debut in the Main Division Indonesian League that began the 2013 season (kick off) in January 2013, set a target of promotion to the Liga Super Indonesia in the next season. To realize that all is not easy, need adequate funding in order to compete in Bangka PS competition, is expected to not only help the Government of Bangka Belitung province, but also private companies and or existing Regional Bank can help make the dream of Bangka Bangka Society is a club pride, PS Bangka can perform at the highest caste Indonesian football competition that football can begin to be considered and Bangka Bangka be better known by the people of other regions when they travel in the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="31043078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043078" title="Survivor Greece">
Survivor Greece

Survivor Greece was the Greek version of the popular reality Survivor. This version of the show aired on Mega TV in Greece for two seasons from 2003 to 2004. While the series was titled "Survivor", it also took elements from Survivor's predecessor Expedition Robinson such as that of the North and South teams. While the series was not considered a flop in Greece is did not achieve the ratings that Mega TV had hoped for and at the end of its second season it was cancelled only to be brought back two years later for a joint season with Turkey. The prize for the first two seasons of the show was 200,000 euros and 250,000 for the third season.
Format and rules.
Greek "Survivor" followed the format of American "Survivor", but there were some differences. In the Greek version, each season was called 'Series'.
Unlike the American version that airs once a week, the Greek version aired two (season 1) to three (season 2) times a week in "cycles".
In all season two there were nineteen, instead of the usual sixteen, contestants that were initially separated into tribes based on gender. Also, season two saw the debut of "Gkoal", which was an island where eliminated contestants would take part in a series of duel in order to earn a spot back in the game.
When a player was forced out of the game due to sickness, he/she couldn't be a member of jury.
In the event of a tie at Tribal Councils, contestants competed in a duel in order to determine who would be eliminated.
As seen in season two, if jury members did not wish to cast a vote for a winner they were not required to.
Greek "Survivor" season.
Season One.
Survivor Greece 1 (28 episodes)
Season Two.
Survivor Greece 2 (42 episodes)

</doc>
<doc id="31043088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043088" title="Sham Chung">
Sham Chung

Sham Chung () is an area of Neolithic settlement in Hong Kong. It is located near Wong Tei Tung beside Three Fathoms Cove on the Sai Kung Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="31043101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043101" title="2011 SWAC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 SWAC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 SWAC Men's Basketball Tournament took place March 9–12 at the Garland Special Events Center in Garland, Texas. The top eight teams in the conference standings qualified for the tournament. Alabama State, the winner of the tournament, received the Southwestern Athletic Conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Tournament. The tournament's championship game was televised on ESPNU.
Bracket.
Asterisk denotes an overtime.
External links.
2011 SWAC Men's Tournament Home Page

</doc>
<doc id="31043110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043110" title="Persibabar West Bangka">
Persibabar West Bangka

Persibabar stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Bangka Barat ("en: Football Association of Indonesia West Bangka"). Persibabar West Bangka is an Indonesian football club based in West Bangka, Bangka Island, Bangka-Belitung. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31043113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043113" title="Destrozado y sin control">
Destrozado y sin control

Destrozado y sin control is the first EP by the Peruvian singer Shaw, launched in 2010. The items "Destrozado y sin control" and "Una vez más" as well as singles and had rotation on MTV, Shaw participated in the Festival de Viña del Mar in the international category with her song "Destrozado y sin control" .

</doc>
<doc id="31043117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043117" title="Ptilocaulis">
Ptilocaulis

Ptilocaulis is a genus of demosponges. The species within this genus are usually red or orange. They are often called treesponges, as they grow many branches from a single stem resmebleing trees. They can grow to large size.

</doc>
<doc id="31043127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043127" title="Barry Cowen">
Barry Cowen

Barry Cowen is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Laois–Offaly constituency at the 2011 general election. 
He is married with three children and is an auctioneer and valuer. He is the brother of former Taoiseach Brian Cowen. His father Bernard Cowen was also a TD.
Before his election to Dáil Éireann, he was a member of Offaly County Council for the Tullamore electoral area from 1991.
He was the Fianna Fáil spokesperson on Social Protection from April 2011 to July 2012. In July 2012, he was appointed as party spokesperson on Environment and Local Government.

</doc>
<doc id="31043141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043141" title="Janet Cochrane">
Janet Cochrane

Janet Cochrane, (born Winnipeg, MB, Canada, 1 March 1912, died 6 December 1994) received the Order of Canada in 1989. (Awarded on 20 April 1989. Invested on 18 October 1989)
Early life & family.
Janet Cochrane (née Williams) was born March 1, 1912 in Fisher Bay, Manitoba. Her family's name originally was Papaniakus when they lived in Norwary, but they had it legally changed it to Williams upon settling in Canada. Her father had purchased land and a fishing port and made a comfortable living for his family. Janet had three sisters and two brothers.
She met her future husband Arthur Cochrane, in Fisher River during the summer holidays. Janet attended a Catholic school and Arthur attended a residential school in Brandon, Manitoba. Later, Janet and Arthur married. Arthur went to work for Janet's father, but before he could work for his father-in-law, Arthur had to relinquish all of his treaty rights to work off of the reserve because one could not live and work in Fisher Bay while maintaining treaty status.
Janet Cochrane had eight children; four, however, died from pneumonia while still infants. She raised two girls, Frances and Margaret, and two sons, Edmund and Lawrence. In 1954, Arthur became very ill, almost dying; although he pulled through, he was left without his sight due to the illness. In 1955, the Cochrane family had to leave Fisher Bay in order to find better care for Arthur. Frances stayed behind so she could finish high school. Upon arriving in Winnipeg, Janet went to work as a housekeeper in the River Heights, Winnipeg. Her sons and daughter also worked helping to support their family. Janet and Arthur were married for 47 years when in 1978, Arthur Cochrane suddenly died.
Work.
Janet and a friend, Amy Clements, were thinking about a meeting place for First Nation people, where their families from all over Manitoba and Canada could meet and share and talk about their heritage with each other.
In 1956, Janet and Amy, the originators of the Friendship Centre concept, developed the Indian and Métis Friendship Centre in Winnipeg, which was the first Friendship Centre to officially incorporate. It was the first of this kind of meeting place in Canada.
In 1958 their doors opened, the first Friendship Centre in Canada was called the Winnipeg Friendship Centre. In the early days of their movement, the Friendship Centre was largely dependent on volunteers. These volunteers helped with fund-raising events and relied on donations and grants from the Municipal, Provincial and Federal Governments. Janet and Amy assisted First Nation and Métis people moving into urban areas who were seeking a better life for themselves and their families. Janet organized and worked behind the scenes. She volunteered at the Indian and Métis Friendship Centre for over 35 years, declining offers to be paid for her work. She has served as general impetus, motivator, and coordinator for fundraising and hands-on worker for any group or project designed to help First Nations people adjust to city life.
Janet also had another dream which she fulfilled in 1984. She approached her daughter Frances, who was an avid volunteer at the Indian and Métis Friendship Centre, with the fact that there was no senior's housing complex for First Nation Elders in Manitoba. She felt that First Nation Elders deserved a place that they could call their own. In 1984, Janet and Frances applied for a grant at the Core Area Initiative to do a study for a First Nation Elders Housing Complex.
This grant consisted of 2 phases: firstly money for a First Nation Senior's Housing complex, which Janet and Frances received in 1984. Then, Kekinan Inc. was born. Janet and a friend Lena Settee named Kekinan, which means "Our Home, Our Place" in the Cree language. This housing complex is still up and running and is located in the heart of the core area in Winnipeg. The second phase, which is still under scrutiny, was supposed to have on-site health care services available to First Nation Elders; however, due to government intervention, nothing has come of the second phase.
Awards and Recognition.
On April 20, 1989, Janet was recognized for her contributions and was nominated to receive the prestigious award, The Order of Canada. Initially, she did not want to accept her award, but finally did, thinking that it would bring light and maybe even inspire other First Nations people to pursue their dreams. On October 18, 1989, Janet went to the investiture ceremony at Rideau Hall in Ottawa, Ontario to proudly accepted her award on behalf of all First Nation People.
Janet has also been acknowledged for her work from the Indian and Métis Friendship Centre. The centre has named a hall after her, and had several portraits painted of her. She has been a long-time member of the Native Women's Group and was the President of the Indian and Métis Senior Citizen's Group of Winnipeg.
Death.
On December 6, 1994, at 82 years of age, Janet Cochrane lost her fight with cancer and died in Winnipeg with family by her side. She was laid to rest in Fisher River, Manitoba, beside her husband Arthur, son Edmund, daughter Margaret, granddaughter Holly, great-grandson Barry and her sister, Maggie.

</doc>
<doc id="31043150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043150" title="Somebody Else's Fire">
Somebody Else's Fire

"Somebody Else's Fire" is a song written by Pat Bunch, Pam Rose and Mary Ann Kennedy, and recorded by American country music artist Janie Fricke. It was released in 1985 as the second single and title track from the album "Somebody Else's Fire". The song reached #4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31043151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043151" title="Persiju Sijunjung">
Persiju Sijunjung

Persiju stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Sijunjung ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Sijunjung"). Persiju Sijunjung is an Indonesian football club based in Sijunjung, West Sumatra. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31043154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043154" title="Marcella Corcoran Kennedy">
Marcella Corcoran Kennedy

Marcella Corcoran Kennedy (born 7 January 1963) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. She was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Laois–Offaly constituency at the 2011 general election. She was a member of Offaly County Council for the Ferbane electoral area from 1999 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31043178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043178" title="University of Adelaide Press">
University of Adelaide Press

The University of Adelaide Press is the book publishing arm of The University of Adelaide. It publishes scholarship by staff and affiliates. The university press publishes titles in dual format: paperback and a free electronic version (PDFs).
History.
In the 1920s, around the time the University of Melbourne established Australia’s first university press, the University of Adelaide began publishing titles under various imprints. In partnership with printers, G Hassell & Co, the university produced leather-bound hand-tooled collectible works modeled on the output of Oxford University Press.
In 1996, the correspondence of Joanna Elder and Robert Barr Smith was published by the Barr Smith Library (the University’s main library) under the imprint ‘Barr Smith Press’. From 2005 to 2007, the current director of the University of Adelaide Press, John Emerson, oversaw the publication of four books under the renamed ‘University of Adelaide Barr Smith Press’. 2009 saw the launch of the current University of Adelaide Press.
Activities.
The University of Adelaide Press titles are published electronically on the Press webpage (fully downloadable free PDFs) and are available to purchase in paperback. The Press is divided into two separate imprints, the ‘University of Adelaide Press’ and the ‘Barr Smith Press’.
The ‘University of Adelaide Press’ publishes exclusively the scholarship of University of Adelaide academics and affiliates. Book-length works are subject to a selection process and submitted to external referees before publication. 
The ‘Barr Smith Press’ publishes works of interest about the history and activities of The University of Adelaide, including memoirs, biographies and histories of its clubs and institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31043187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043187" title="Persebsi Sibolga">
Persebsi Sibolga

Persebsi stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Sibolga ("en: Football Association of Sibolga"). Persebsi Sibolga is an Indonesian football club based in Sibolga, North Sumatra. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31043195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043195" title="El ojo de vidrio (1969 film)">
El ojo de vidrio (1969 film)

El ojo de vidrio () is a 1969 Mexican revolution-epic film directed by René Cardona Jr., starring Antonio Aguilar, Flor Silvestre, Manuel Capetillo, Eleazar García, Alejandro Reyna and Guillermo Rivas. With a backdrop of the Mexican Revolution, the film recounts the story of former horse wrangler and bandit Porfirio Alcalá y Buenavista who becomes the subject of a popularly known "corrido" along with his four cousins, after being notoriously heroic for raiding rich landlords and helping the poor. Being each notable for having one eye as the result of an injustice, the five heroes meet two townswomen and a theater actor who helps them disguise for their various raids. As their last raid attack, they take vengeance to the man who caused their tragedy, and evade revolutionary troops who call for peace after Porfirio Díaz resigns and is exiled.
"El ojo de vidrio", shot on location in Tayahua, Zacatecas, was a box-office hit in Mexican theaters and particularly distinctive for its imaginative use of mixing drama with comic relief within the main characters. The film's story and screenplay were written by Antonio Aguilar and Alfredo Varela, who also portrays the theater actor. The film is also notable for being 117 minutes long, which is not the average runtime for normal low-budget Mexican films. It spawned the sequel "Vuelve el ojo de vidrio" released the next year.
Home entertainment releases.
"El ojo de vidrio" was first released in VHS in 1991 by Million Dollar Video, and later in 2003 under the ""Antonio Aguilar: Colleción Clásica"". In 2006, Tekila Films digitally restored the film and released in the DVD format, with bonus features such as scene selections and biographies.

</doc>
<doc id="31043199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043199" title="Anne Ferris">
Anne Ferris

Anne Ferris (born 24 September 1954) is an Irish Labour Party politician. She was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wicklow constituency at the 2011 general election. She was a member of Bray Town Council from 1999 to 2009 and Wicklow County Council from 2003 to 2009.
She was educated at St Agnes' Primary School in Crumlin, Dublin, and Goldenbridge Secondary School in Inchicore, Ferris holds a Diploma in Women's Studies from St Patrick's College, Maynooth.

</doc>
<doc id="31043206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043206" title="GlowHost">
GlowHost

Company History.
GlowHost.com, Inc. is a privately held web hosting company headquartered in the United States of America and is currently registered in the State of Florida. The company was originally founded in Crested Butte, Colorado by Matt Lundstrom in 2002. GlowHost is a Registered Trademark registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. This trademark was first used in commerce on April 1, 2002, later on April 16, 2009 an application for the trademark was submitted to the USPTO which was published for opposition on September 1, 2009. Finally the Trademark was registered on November 17, 2009. GlowHost is accredited with the Better Business Bureau, and had an A+ rating as of May 5, 2011.
Public Relations.
GlowHost announced on its blog that in early 2011 that they are now offering free web hosting to start-up non-profit organizations and charities. The first organization to accept this offer was Ventura County Foster Parent Association (VCFPA).
GlowHost is a Green Web Host which purchases solar electricity credits to offset its carbon footprint. The datacenter which is home to their servers uses an advanced heat pumping system which recycles warm air generated by servers and uses it to warm employee occupied space during the winter months. The datacenter also received its LEED certification. GlowHost reduces its paper consumption by offering paperless billing and recycling stations.
Press.
According to a press release from April 15, 2009, GlowHost acquired DataCities.com, a rival web hosting company.
In 2010 GlowHost sponsored The Annual Web Hosting Awards at hostreview.com and placed 3rd for the best VPS Hosting service.
Webhostdir.com interviewed founder and President Matt Lundstrom in 2011. The article is available on their site.
GlowHost introduces Cloud hosting technology for small and medium sized business, geared to replace dedicated servers.
Awards and Achievements.
GlowHost has received numerous awards for its web hosting services. An interesting point is that the company has received an award outside of the web hosting industry. In 2010 GlowHost wrote a software firewall to combat forum Spam for a popular 3rd Party forum software called vBulletin. Known as Spam-O-Matic Spam Firewall, this software was download by over 2500 users in the first couple of months that it was available in the public domain. The software was awarded "Mod of the Month" by vBulletin.org.

</doc>
<doc id="31043214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043214" title="List of number-one albums of 2008 (Finland)">
List of number-one albums of 2008 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical) number-one albums sold in Finland in 2008 according to Finland's Official List composed by Suomen Ääni- ja kuvatallennetuottajat ÄKT (since late August 2010, known as Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland).

</doc>
<doc id="31043223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043223" title="Madison Elementary School (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania)">
Madison Elementary School (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania)

The Madison Elementary School in the Upper Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1902, and added to in 1929. The exterior features ornately decorated Romanesque-inspired doors and windows. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31043229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043229" title="Trip Around the Sun">
Trip Around the Sun

"Trip Around the Sun" is a song recorded by American country music artists Jimmy Buffett and Martina McBride. It was released in 2004 as the second single from Buffett's album "License to Chill". The song was written by Al Anderson, Stephen Bruton, and Sharon Vaughn.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Trey Fanjoy and premiered in November 2004. It was filmed near Charleston, South Carolina.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 45 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart for the week of September 4, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="31043236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043236" title="Cobblestone Mountain (California)">
Cobblestone Mountain (California)

Cobblestone Mountain is a peak in the Topatopa Mountains, in Ventura County, several miles north of Piru, California.
At , it is the second highest peak of the Topatopa Mountains, after Hines Peak. Snow frequently falls on the mountain.
The peak is in the Sespe Wilderness which is part of the Los Padres National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="31043237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043237" title="Amadou Soukouna">
Amadou Soukouna

Amadou Soukouna (born 21 June 1992 in Nogent-sur-Marne) is a French football player of Malian descent who plays for French Ligue 1 team Toulouse. He plays as a striker and was a French youth international having played at under-19 level. Soukouna made his professional debut on 13 November 2010 in a league match against Montpellier in a 1–0 defeat. In the following week, he appeared as a first-half substitute in a 1–0 loss to Marseille.

</doc>
<doc id="31043254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043254" title="Madison Elementary School (Ogden, Utah)">
Madison Elementary School (Ogden, Utah)

The Madison Elementary School in Ogden, Utah, USA is a building built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="31043264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043264" title="Richfield Carnegie Library">
Richfield Carnegie Library

The Richfield Carnegie Library in Richfield, Utah is a building from 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31043269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043269" title="Cyanea stictophylla">
Cyanea stictophylla

Cyanea stictophylla is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Kaiholena cyanea. It is endemic to the island of Hawaii, where it is known only from the rainforests of Mauna Loa. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub or tree of the rainforest. It has become rare due to the grazing and trampling damage of cattle. There are perhaps 20 individuals remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="31043274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043274" title="Persikasi Bekasi">
Persikasi Bekasi

Persikasi stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kabupaten Bekasi ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Bekasi Regency"). Persikasi Bekasi is an Indonesian football club based in Bekasi Regency, West Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Persikasi is rivalry with Persipasi Bekasi in the Bekasi derby.

</doc>
<doc id="31043276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043276" title="Valley Metro Bus (Phoenix)">
Valley Metro Bus (Phoenix)

Valley Metro Bus is a transit bus system for public transport in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. Buses are owned and operated by private companies contracted by Valley Metro. Metro Bus serves Maricopa County, AZ with over 100 Metro Bus routes. Annual ridership is over 55 million people. All buses have wheelchair ramps or lifts, and with the exception of paratransit vehicles all buses have bike racks. The Metro Bus fleet is the 14th largest in North America, with over 1200 buses.
Fares.
The basic local fare is $2.00 ( as of 2013, some other fares may have changed). Reduced fare (for youths 6-18, seniors 65 or older, people with disabilities, and Medicare cardholders) is $1.00. Day passes, 3-day passes, 7-day passes, 15-day passes, and 31-day passes are available. (Some of these passes are available at reduced prices through various employers, schools and colleges, such as Arizona State University.)
Operations.
There are over 100 bus routes contracted by Valley Metro, including regular routes, limited stop routes, and community circulators. Bus frequency, hours, and days of operation vary by route. The most heavily used routes have peak service frequency of every 15 minutes and run as late as midnight. The least used routes run once an hour and end service as early as 6pm.
Route types and naming conventions.
There are currently 57 local bus routes (58 if including the Grand Avenue Limited, which operates express service but with a local fare) that form Valley Metro's super-grid bus system. They are numbered roughly according to the address on the Phoenix area's street grid on which they travel. For example:
The community circulator routes are mostly a free service, the exceptions being the Glendale Urban Shuttle (GUS) routes with a 25 cent fare, and the Avondale Zoom with a 50 cent fare. They supplement the standard grid service with routes that connect neighborhoods to nearby business districts. Circulator vehicles are typically minibuses. The naming convention varies by the communities they serve, such as the Scottsdale Neighborhood Trolley, Tempe Orbit Jupiter, and Phoenix SMART.
LINK routes are limited-stop, streamlined bus connections to transit centers served by METRO light rail. These routes use upgraded bus shelters that have LED "Next Bus" signs and bus rapid transit-styled vehicles with traffic signal priority. They are named after the street they travel on, such as Arizona Avenue LINK. There are two routes in operation, with three additional routes are planned as part of the Maricopa Association of Governments 20-year Regional Transportation Plan.
The express routes are limited-stop commuter routes with higher fares than standard routes. They are numbered in the 500s, with the last two digits indicating the area they serve. These routes operate during peak commuting hours, and use a mix of bus types, ranging from transit-style buses with hard seats to "semi-suburban" buses (with highback, non-reclining seats) to full suburban buses (with a single door, luggage racks and personal reading lights).
The five RAPID routes are commuter routes in the city of Phoenix that travel from Park and Ride lots near major freeways to RAPID stops in the downtown business core. The fare is the same as express routes. These routes are mostly named for the freeway on which they travel, such as RAPID I-10 East. They are unidirectional, traveling toward downtown in the morning and out of downtown in the afternoons. These routes use NABI 45C-LFW suburban buses with a special paint scheme.
Route list.
Color key:
Note that the listed facility assignments for Veolia-Phoenix operated routes are normal assignments, however, routes normally operated from the South facility may occasionally be substituted with buses from the North facility and vice-versa.
Customer service.
The Transit Book (known until December 2008 as the Bus Book, and mentioned above) is updated twice yearly and contains maps and schedules for all routes. Copies are available at no charge at Valley Metro ticket offices, many public libraries, community colleges and other civic facilities around the metropolitan area, and on the buses themselves. Because the Transit Book is difficult to carry around easily (the size is similar to a medium-sized catalog, averaging about 250 pages), patrons often use it to quickly reference the time when their next bus will arrive, and simply leave the book sitting at their bus stop when finished, for the use of other riders.
Additionally, route schedules are posted at most bus stops in Tempe, selected bus stops in Scottsdale and Glendale, and at major transit centers in the city of Phoenix and throughout the Valley. On RAPID routes, schedules are electronic and are based on real-time information.
An automated next scheduled arrival service, NextRide, provides future arrival times for routes that serve a bus stop or light rail station. Each bus stop and light rail station has a five digit "STOP#" found on a sign affixed to the bus stop sign post, shelter, or rail station. By calling the customer service number or by sending a text message, the passenger will be provided with the next three scheduled arrival times. If it is within 15 minutes of a scheduled arrival, a real-time estimate of when the bus or train will arrive will be provided, based on the vehicle's current location along the route.
A customer service call center is operated for passengers to plan their bus trips with the assistance of either an automated voice response system or a live customer service representative. The Valley Metro website [http://www.valleymetro.org] also has an online trip planning function, and includes all schedules and maps featured in the "Transit Book"; since 2006, Valley Metro is relying more on the website to post schedule information and is printing fewer paper copies of the "Transit Book".
Passenger information systems.
Like most major cities, all buses (except for the non-Phoenix circulator vehicles) include the Route Scout on-board passenger information system, which includes a lighted marquee displaying the correct date and time, and an audio and visual Stop Requested announcement. Automatic Voice Annunciation (AVA) for audio and visual announcements for each major intersection are voiced by longtime Phoenix radio personality, Liz Boyle [http://www.azcentral.com/12news/news/articles/0801routescout01-CP.html These automated announcements are prone to malfunction; when that occurs, the drivers often (but not always) call out each major intersection over the vehicle's public address system. This same system is used by the Los Angeles Metro buses and was introduced on the 2004 New Flyer D60LF buses.
Valley Metro Rail has a similar passenger information system, used on the rail vehicles and at the stations, which uses speech synthesis technology, rather than a recorded voice, to announce approaching stations and give other travel-related announcements. Train operators may also use the vehicle's public address system at their discretion.
Select RAPID bus stops include a display of when the next bus will arrive, this service is coming soon to METRO Light Rail trains, and Valley Metro LINK bus service. (Real-Time bus arrival)
Valley Metro service providers.
Unification of Tempe bus operations with the RPTA.
In 2012, the City of Tempe introduced a proposal that would unify its transit operations with the RPTA. Under the new agreement, all Tempe bus operations would be handed over to the RPTA, where the Tempe transit facility would be utilized by the RPTA to reduce costs and improve efficiencies for certain routes by reducing deadheads due to its more central location than the existing RPTA facility in Mesa.
On November 24, 2012, the City of Tempe agreed to move forward with unifying its transit operations with the RPTA. The contract for both agencies was initially planned to be awarded to First Transit on December 13, 2012, however, Veolia Transportation protested the award on the grounds that First Transit wasn't releasing information of where their cost savings would come from. The protest was denied and the contract was officially awarded to First Transit on January 24, 2013.
Bus fleet.
Valley Metro maintains a growing fleet of over 700 vehicles for public bus routes and nearly 300 for paratransit.

</doc>
<doc id="31043277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043277" title="Mobilisa, Inc. v. Doe">
Mobilisa, Inc. v. Doe

Mobilisa v. Doe was a lawsuit filed in 2005 by Mobilisa Inc., a Washington based company that provides wireless and mobile communications to government and military clients. The case against John Doe, the anonymous sender of an email using the service "The Suggestion Box". The case is notable regarding the legal question of what standard should govern requests for discovery of the identity of an anonymous Internet speaker whose speech allegedly violated a plaintiff's rights. While the court originally issued a subpoena requiring The Suggestion Box to disclose the identity of the e-mail's sender, it later vacated this order when The Suggestion Box objected in December 2005.
Background.
The dispute originated with an email originally sent from a company e-mail account by Nelson Ludlow, the founder and chief executive of Mobilisa Inc., to a woman who was not employed by Mobilia but was involved in a personal relationship with Ludlow. This e-mail was forwarded six days later to members of Mobilisa's management team from an anonymous sender with an address hosted at "theanonymousemail.com", a domain managed by The Suggestion Box, Inc. The e-mail contained Ludlow's original e-mail to the woman and subject line was the question "Is this a company you want to work for?".
Initial discovery order.
Mobilisa requested that the Arizona Superior Court issue a subpoena compelling The Suggestion Box to disclose the identity of the anonymous sender in August 2005 on the basis that the sender had violated two federal statues that make it illegal to "hack" electronic communications. This request was initially granted by the court.
In December 2005, the discovery order was vacated when The Suggestion Box objected. The court used the standard set out in Doe v. Cahill, 884 A.2d 451 to make this determination. Under this standard an anonymous internet speakers identity should be divulged "(1)if the requesting party makes reasonable efforts to notify the anonymous speaker of the discovery request and that person is afforded a reasonable time to respond, and (2) the requesting party demonstrates its cause of action would survive a motion for summary judgment." While the court found that Mobilisa had not fully satisfied the Cahill standard, it stated the company would be allowed an opportunity to supplement its application. Additionally, the court ordered that The Suggestion Box must notify all account holders of the subpoena request.
Subsequent procedures.
On February 23, 2006 the counsel for Suggestion Box filed an affidavit stating that, with The Suggestion Box's consent, they would now also be representing the Doe in this matter. Doe, through counsel, objected to the subpoena request and stated that they did not access or obtain the email in question through Mobilisa's computer system.
On February 27 the superior court found that Mobilisa had sufficiently amended its request such that it now met the standard set forth by "Cahill", and as such granted Mobilisa leave to conduct discovery regarding Doe's identity.
Court of Appeals.
This decision was appealed by The Suggestion Box and Doe arguing that while the superior court correctly adopted the Cahill standard, it was misapplied in this case. On the other hand, Mobilisa argued that the superior court applied the wrong standard but reached the correct conclusion. In the end the appellate court adopted the standard set forth in Dendrite International, Inc. v. Doe No. 3, 775 A.2d 756. Under this standard the court must consider not only the "summary judgment" aspect from the Cahill standard, but also "balance the parties’ competing interests is necessary to achieve appropriate rulings in the vast array of factually distinct cases likely to involve anonymous speech." The case was subsequently remanded to district court for consideration of the third point of the standard.
Conclusion.
On February 13, 2008 Mobilisa moved to withdraw its subpoena and dismiss the action.

</doc>
<doc id="31043279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043279" title="Al Mengert">
Al Mengert

Alfred John Mengert (born June 21, 1928) is an American former professional golfer.
Born and raised in Spokane, Washington, Mengert played football at Gonzaga Prep, briefly attended Stanford University in the late 1940s, and served in the Washington Air National Guard and U.S. Air Force in the early 1950s. Mengert was runner-up in the 1952 U.S. Amateur to Jack Westland.
Mengert turned professional in 1952 and worked mainly as a club pro while also playing on the PGA Tour. He won several non-PGA Tour events. His best finish in a major came at the 1958 Masters Tournament. After three rounds, he was tied for fourth, two shots off the lead, and finished tied for ninth. Mengert was the first round leader at the U.S. Open in 1966 at the Olympic Club in San Francisco. He was tied for seventh after 54 holes, but a final round 81 resulted in a tie for 26th place.
Mengert played several tournaments on the Senior PGA Tour in the 1980s, and was inducted into the Pacific Northwest Golf Association's Hall of Fame in 2001.
After turning pro in 1952, Mengert's first job was as an assistant club pro under Masters champion Claude Harmon at Winged Foot, north of New York City. He was a head pro at clubs in New Jersey, St. Louis, and Sacramento. Mengert returned to the Northwest as the head pro at Tacoma Country Club in the 1960s then went to Oakland Hills in the suburbs north of Detroit, Michigan.
Tournament wins.
"this list may be incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="31043281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043281" title="2011 MEAC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 MEAC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place on March 7–12, 2011 at the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The championship game was nationally televised on ESPN2 on Saturday, March 12, 2011 at 2:00 p.m. The tournament champion Hampton received an automatic berth into the 2011 NCAA Tournament.
Bracket.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime.

</doc>
<doc id="31043298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043298" title="Liverpool City Cup">
Liverpool City Cup

The Liverpool City Cup is a Group 3 Australian Thoroughbred quality open handicap horse race for horses aged three year old and upwards, run over a distance of 1300 metres at Warwick Farm Racecourse, Sydney in March. Total prize money for the race is A$125,000.
Race history.
The race has had changes in grade, distance and location. In 1974 the race was run in 2 divisions.
The race was run at Randwick Racecourse in 1980 and 1981.
Past winners.
† Race run in two divisions

</doc>
<doc id="31043316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043316" title="Dragmacidon lunaecharta">
Dragmacidon lunaecharta

Dragmacidon lunaecharta, common name Red Ball Sponge or Red Boring Sponge, is a species of demosponge found through the western atlantic ocean. It feeds on plankton. These sponges do not attach themselves to a rock or sea floor but can be flow through water currents. Its main predators are seaslugs. It has been kept in home aquariums.

</doc>
<doc id="31043329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043329" title="Easy to Please">
Easy to Please

"Easy to Please" is a song written by Kent Robbins and Rhonda Fleming, and recorded by American country music artist Janie Fricke. It was released in 1986 as the third single from the album "Somebody Else's Fire". The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31043330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043330" title="Main Building, U.S. Bureau of Mines">
Main Building, U.S. Bureau of Mines

The Main Building of the U.S. Bureau of Mines in the Squirrel Hill North neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building constructed from 1915 and dedicated on September 29, 1919. Since the 1960s it was acquired and has been part of the campus of Carnegie Mellon University and is now known as Hamburg Hall and the headquarters of the Heinz College. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31043336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043336" title="IBM Award">
IBM Award

The IBM Award was an award given out to National Basketball Association players from 1984 to 2002. The award was sponsored and calculated by technology company IBM and was determined by a computer formula, which measured a player's statistical contribution to his team. The player with the best contribution to his team in the league received the award. The first recipient was Magic Johnson of the Los Angeles Lakers, and the final recipient was Tim Duncan of the San Antonio Spurs.
Most of the players who won the award have been forwards or centers; many finished near the top in rebounding the year they won. The award was given out nineteen times, six times to players on the San Antonio Spurs, three times each to players on the Philadelphia 76ers and Los Angeles Lakers, and twice each to players on the Chicago Bulls and Detroit Pistons. David Robinson won five IBM Awards, Charles Barkley won three, and Michael Jordan and Shaquille O'Neal won two each.
All IBM Award winners who are eligible for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame have been inducted. Jordan, O’Neal, Robinson, Barkley, Johnson, Duncan, Karl Malone, and Hakeem Olajuwon also won NBA Most Valuable Player awards during their career; Robinson, O’Neal and Duncan won both awards in the same season. Jordan, Robinson, Olajuwon, Dennis Rodman and Dikembe Mutombo have won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award; Olajuwon is the only player to win both in the same season. Grant Hill is the only winner of the IBM Award who did not win an NBA MVP or Defensive Player of the Year Award sometime in his career. O'Neal is the only player to win an IBM Award and an NBA title in the same season; he did this in both the 1999–00 and 2000–01 NBA seasons. Jordan and Robinson are the only players to win the IBM Award during their respective rookie seasons. Two of the award winners were born outside the United States - Olajuwon (Nigeria) and Mutombo (Zaire). Duncan was born in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The award was discontinued in 2002. Duncan is the only winner currently playing in the NBA.
The IBM Award was originally named the Pivotal Player Award and was sponsored by the Schick razor company.
Formula.
The IBM Award was calculated with the following formula:
In the formula, plyr stands for player, PTS stands for points, FGA stands for field goal attempts, REB stands for rebounds, AST stands for assists, STL stands for steals, BLK stands for blocks, PF stands for personal fouls, and TO stands for turnovers. The award was given to the player with the highest point total.

</doc>
<doc id="31043348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043348" title="McCleary Elementary School">
McCleary Elementary School

The McCleary Elementary School (also known as McCleary Traditional Academy, and more recently as McCleary Early Childhood Center) in the Upper Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31043354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043354" title="Greystones Town Council">
Greystones Town Council

Greystones Town Council is the local authority which is responsible for the town of Greystones, County Wicklow in Ireland. The Council is responsible for the community, roads, footpaths, transportation, and development, amenity, culture, and environment. The head of the council has the title of "Mayor".
The council is governed by the Local Government Act 2001. The town council area has 9 councillors who are elected every five years by single transferable vote. The town council is part of the county administration and is headed by a Council Manager (Ireland), currently Eddie Sheehy.
Councillors.
For the purpose of elections to the Town Council, it is not divided and it just a single electoral area:
Councillors.
This list reflects the order in which councillors were elected on 5 June 2009.
†Grainne McLoughlin was co-opted to fill Simon Harris' seat after he was elected to Dáil Éireann at the 2011 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="31043357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043357" title="Persika Karawang">
Persika Karawang

Persika stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Karawang ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Karawang"). Persika Karawang is an Indonesian football club based in Karawang, Karawang Regency, West Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31043358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043358" title="Mifflin Elementary School">
Mifflin Elementary School

The Mifflin Elementary School in the Lincoln Place neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1932. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31043373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043373" title="Te Puke (volcano)">
Te Puke (volcano)

Te Puke is a 136 m high group of basaltic scoria cones, in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in Northland, New Zealand. It is the easternmost volcano of the field, being located near Waitangi. The three or four small, cratered cones are in a southwest–northeast alignment. The last eruption was 1300 to 1800 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="31043375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043375" title="Moreland-Hoffstot House">
Moreland-Hoffstot House

The Moreland-Hoffstot House in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31043382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043382" title="Valea Borcutului">
Valea Borcutului

Valea Borcutului () may refer to several places in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="31043432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043432" title="Imam khatib (Sunni Islam)">
Imam khatib (Sunni Islam)

In Sunni Islam, an imam khatib (or just "imam" , ) is a leader, often the leader of prayers in the masjid, and the Muslim community. This compound title is merely a common combination of two elementary offices: leader ("imam") of the congregational prayer, which in larger mosques is performed at the times of all daily prayers; and preacher ("khatib") of the sermon or "khutba" at the required congregational prayer on Friday. Although either duty can be performed by anyone who is regarded as qualified by the congregation, at most well-established mosques "imam khatib" is a permanent (part-time or full-time) position. He may be elected by the local community, or appointed by an outside authority—"e. g.," the national government, or the waqf which sustains the mosque. There is no ordination as such; the only requirement for appointment as an "imam khatib" is recognition as someone of sufficient learning and virtue to perform both duties on a regular basis, and to instruct the congregation in the basics of Islam.
Similar to spiritual leaders, the imam khatib is the one who leads Islamic worship services. More often, the community turns to the mosque imam if they have a religious question. In smaller communities, an imam could also be the community leader. The term is not to be confused with the use of Imams of Shi'a Islam, where it has a meaning more central to belief, referring to main leaders of the Shi'a community. 
The term imam is also used for a recognized religious scholar or authority in Islam, often for the founding scholars of the four Sunni madhhabs, or schools of jurisprudence "(fiqh)". It may also refer to the Muslim scholars who created the analytical sciences related to Hadith or it may refer to the heads of the Prophet Muhammad's family in their generational times. In other words, Imam Ali, referring to Ali ibn Abi Talib, is a phrase commonly used by both Shi'a and Sunni Muslims, though with different connotations.
Those who are considered imams in the context of scholarly authority by Sunni Muslims, are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="31043446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043446" title="2011 Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament was played at the Thomas & Mack Center in Las Vegas, Nevada from March 8–12, 2011. The tournament is sponsored by Conoco. The first round game and all four quarterfinals were televised live on the MountainWest Sports Network. The semifinals were televised on CBS College Sports Network, with the championship game on Versus. San Diego State, the winner of the tournament, received the automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. BYU's Jimmer Fredette was selected as the tournament MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="31043448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043448" title="Dilnoza Kubayeva">
Dilnoza Kubayeva

Dilnoza Kubayeva (; born November 22, 1986) is an Uzbek actress. She is well known for a number of roles in several contemporary Uzbek films. Kubayeva is especially well known for her roles in the films "Kelgindi kelin" (Stranger Bride), "Telba" (Mad), and "Hijron" (Longing). Between 2008 and 2010 Kubayeva temporarily postponed her acting career because of family issues. Kubayeva returned to acting after her husband's untimely death.
Filmography.
This is a chronologically-ordered list of films in which Dilnoza Kubayeva has appeared.

</doc>
<doc id="31043451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043451" title="Madison Children's Museum">
Madison Children's Museum

The Madison Children's Museum is a museum for children in Madison, Wisconsin, that contains exhibits on the arts, sciences, history, culture, health, and civic engagement.
History.
Madison Children’s Museum was founded in 1980 by a group of early childhood specialists. The founding board of directors and volunteers built traveling exhibits that were displayed at neighborhood centers, parks and playgrounds. They also operated a pilot museum in the basement of the Wisconsin Academy of Sciences, Arts and Letters. The success of the pilot program prompted the museum to relocate to a warehouse at Bedford and West Washington.
After a successful capital campaign, Madison Children’s Museum opened its doors in another rented location on 100 State Street in 1991. The museum once again outgrew its space. In 2005, MCM acquired a $5 million, five-story office building through the generosity of W. Jerome Frautschi. The museum undertook a $10 million capital campaign to renovate the building, create an accessible green roof, and install new exhibits. The new facility opened on August 14, 2010, and greatly expanded the museum’s capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="31043458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043458" title="Cyanea superba">
Cyanea superba

Cyanea superba is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Mt. Kaala cyanea and superb cyanea. It is endemic to the island of Oahu, but it is now extinct in the wild. It exists in cultivation and some individuals have been planted in appropriate habitat. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid was known from lowland forest habitat in the Waianae and Koʻolau Mountains of Oahu. There were two subspecies. The ssp. "regina" has not been seen since 1932 and is considered extinct. The ssp. "superba" was collected in the 19th century and then was not seen again until its 1971 rediscovery. In the 1970s there were about 60 plants counted. By the time the plant was listed as endangered in 1991 there were twenty individuals. These slowly disappeared and the last plant died in 2002. 
The plant is being propagated in a number of facilities in Hawaii. It has been planted in various parts of the island, often in fenced and otherwise protected areas. Many of the plants have survived, flowered, and produced viable seed, and seedlings have been observed. The U. S. Army has collected over 50,000 seeds from these plants and placed them in storage.
This plant was driven to extinction by a number of forces, chiefly habitat destruction and degradation by feral pigs, rats, and introduced species of slugs. They faced competition from invasive plant species, including kukui ("Aleurites moluccana"), silk oak ("Grevillea robusta"), and Christmas berry ("Schinus terebinthifolius"). Some factors continue to threaten the individuals that have been planted in the habitat, such as fires started during military exercises and through arson.

</doc>
<doc id="31043477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043477" title="2011 Southland Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Southland Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Southland Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place March 9, 10 and 12, 2011 at the Merrell Center in Katy, Texas. In the championship game, the UTSA Roadrunners beat McNeese State to win its third Southland Conference title. UTSA also received receive the Southland Conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Tournament, where it beat Alabama State in the First Four before losing to Ohio State in the tournament's second round.
Format.
The top eight teams, regardless of divisional standing, received a berth in the conference tournament. The championship game was broadcast nationally on ESPN2.
Bracket.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime

</doc>
<doc id="31043516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043516" title="Tasha Alexander">
Tasha Alexander

Tasha Alexander (born 1969) is an American author who writes New York Times bestselling historical fiction.
Biography.
She credits her parents, both philosophy professors, for encouraging her to read and write. She received a B.A. from Notre Dame in English with a concentration in Medieval Studies.
In 2002, while living in New Haven, Connecticut, she started work on her first novel, after being inspired by a passage in Dorothy L. Sayers's "Gaudy Night". Carolyn Marino at William Morrow acquired the book, "And Only to Deceive", which was published in 2005 as the first installment of the Lady Emily series. Following a move to Franklin, Tennessee, where Alexander wrote her second novel in a local Starbucks, she eventually relocated to Chicago, where she married British novelist Andrew Grant (brother of bestselling author Lee Child) in 2010.
In 2007, Minotaur Books lured her away from William Morrow. She is now edited by Charles Spicer and is the imprint's top writer of historical mysteries. Alexander's work has been translated into more than a dozen languages and has been nominated for the Bruce Alexander Award and the RT Reviewers Choice Award. She has a reputation for being extremely careful about accuracy in her novels and is meticulous about research.
The Lady Emily Series.
The Lady Emily Series is set in the 1890s in cities across Europe and follows the adventures of a young, Victorian widow about to come out of mourning after the death of her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="31043531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043531" title="A Change of Heart (How I Met Your Mother)">
A Change of Heart (How I Met Your Mother)

"A Change of Heart" is the 18th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" and the 130th episode overall. It originally aired on February 28, 2011.
Plot.
Chastened by Marshall's father's fatal heart attack, the gang all go to get their hearts checked, except Barney, who is too scared to go alone. Lily agrees to accompany him so long as Barney promises her to never lie to his new girlfriend, Nora. When Barney visits the cardiologist, she requests that he wears a heart monitor for 24 hours, citing a possible arrhythmia. The next day, Barney and Lily return to the doctor, who notices some oddities in the readout. She asks Barney what happened at these certain times, and Barney tells the story of the last 24 hours.
When Barney was at dinner with Nora, she began talking about marriage and settling down, causing Barney's heart to race in fear. Barney eventually says that he wants the same things. The couple go to MacLaren's, and while Nora is in the restroom, Barney recounts the dinner to his friends and Lily punches him in the chest, leading to a 14-second cardiac arrest. Barney blackmails the group into lying to Nora in order to play himself up. Nora returns and tells the gang that her parents are in town and invites Barney to meet them at brunch the next day. However, Barney later says to Nora that he was lying about wanting to get married and criticized her for telling the other person in a relationship exactly what to expect to happen. In response, Nora slapped him. (Lily and the cardiologist both slap Barney during the telling of the events.)
Meanwhile, Robin says she is going to get a dog, but Ted forbids it because he thinks that he will end up caring for it. Instead, Robin dates a guy nicknamed Scooby, whose behavior mirrors a dog so closely that Ted, Marshall, and Lily make a number of jokes at Robin and Scooby's unwitting expense. After Robin is called into work, Scooby reveals that he had purchased a big bag of "sandwiches" (the show's euphemism for marijuana). Ted, Marshall, and Lily make "sandwich" brownies, and while eating them, the three realize that Scooby has disappeared without any identification. They search for him, but become distracted and stumble across Barney, who points out Scooby urinating on a fire hydrant across the street. When Scooby turns to run to them and runs straight into traffic, the group watches in horror, which explains another one of Barney's heart oddities.
Barney apologizes for lying to Nora about wanting to settle down, but Lily says that his lie was about lying, and that in truth, Barney actually does want all those things. When Barney denies this, Lily has the cardiologist check what happened when Barney first saw Nora on their date, and they see that Barney's heart literally skipped a beat. Lily tells Barney that this is a sign he really wants to settle down. Barney goes to the brunch to tell Nora about his feelings, but stops at the door, seeing Nora and her family. He enters the restaurant, making a heartfelt apology. Nora forgives him, and introduces him to her parents, for whom Barney performs a magic trick. However, the scene turns out to be a figment of Barney's imagination, and he leaves before Nora sees him.
The episode ends with a flashback of an incident involving Marshall in 2006. Marshall drops a calzone while walking on the street, but picks it up after ensuring that nobody is looking at him. As he takes his first bite, however, he sees Barney nearby and slowly walks away in embarrassment.
Music.
The episode ends with the song "Stones" by Barbarossa from their album "Sea Like Blood".
Barney's blog.
Barney lists many different rules that he has presumably designated his "one rule" at different times.
Reception.
"The A.V. Club" gave the episode a rating of A-.
Angel Cohn of Television Without Pity graded the episode at B-.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode a rating of 8.5 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="31043537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043537" title="Oakland Public School">
Oakland Public School

The Oakland Public School also known as the Holmes School in the South Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built in 1893 and expanded in 1899. It is believed that Ulysses J.L. Peoples designed the building. The school was scheduled to be closed in 1986. 
The school no longer exists; it was torn down several years ago, and where it once stood is now the Holmes Place Condominiums. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31043561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043561" title="Old Heidelberg Apartments">
Old Heidelberg Apartments

The Old Heidelberg Apartments in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="31043566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043566" title="Japan-Netherlands Institute">
Japan-Netherlands Institute

The is a research institute founded in 1975 to carry out research on historical Dutch-Japanese relations and to foster and promote modern academic and cultural exchange. In 1986 they received the Japan Foundation’s special prize for contributions to cultural exchange and mutual understanding between Japan and other countries.
Work.
In 1986 the Japan-Netherlands Institute began a program to enable Dutch students and researchers to carry out an integral part of their research in Japan. Starting in 1994 the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science began supporting the institute eventually leading to its Japan Prizewinners Program(JPP) from 1995-2008 wherein Dutch students were selected to study Modern Japan for a year before being sent to Japan to study and carry out their research plans. 210 students ultimately passed through the JPP before its conclusion in 2008. Study abroad programs are still supported by the institute however.
In addition to their exchange programs the Japan-Netherlands Institute holds symposiums on a wide range of topics, organizes lectures at their site or at Japanese universities by prominent Dutch scientists, publishes notices of the findings of young Japanese and Dutch scholars, and offers aide and assistance to Japanese and Dutch scholars within either country.
Research on Dutch-Japanese studies is both supported and carried out by the institute, and forms the basis for a majority of their publications. 
Publications.
The institute also regularly publishes the results of its research including translations, introductions to the Dutch language, and works on Dutch and Japanese relations.

</doc>
<doc id="31043567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043567" title="Rawafed">
Rawafed

Rawafed is a flagship Al Arabiya television programme, consisting of half-hour documentary broadcast once a week (Wednesday) on Al Arabiya News Channel. Its host and director is Ahmad Ali El Zein, whose style of smooth questioning brought a huge world audience to the show. Launched in 2003, it was awarded in 2010 the golden prize for the best cultural and educational program at the 10th edition of the Gulf Media Festival.
Threw a wealth of visuals from the guests' real lives Rawafed takes the viewer as close as possible into the world of intellectuals, artists, scientists who have enriched and still enrich the human knowledge and experience.
Through a friendly interview, Ahmad Ali El Zein highlights their experiences, presents their works, and explores their opinions about the latest issues and development occurring in the world of culture, arts, science and other matters of public interests. 
The program have hosted since 2003 a number of most important Arabic intellectuals and artists, such Mohamad Arkoun, the Franco-Moroccan writer and poet Taher Ben Jelloun, the liberal theologian Nasr Hamid Abu Zayd, Abd al-Rahman Mounif the Saudi novelist etc...
Rawafed, one of the most watched TV programs, was awarded in 2010 the golden prize for the best cultural and educational program at the 10th edition of the Gulf Media Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31043572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043572" title="Park Place School">
Park Place School

The Park Place School in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built in 1903 at the extravagant cost of $100,000 and closed in 1979. It had 9 classrooms and a basement play area. 
The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31043588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043588" title="Italian submarine Lafolè">
Italian submarine Lafolè

The Italian submarine "Lafolè" was an built before World War II. She was sunk by British destroyers HMS "Gallant", "Hotspur" and "Griffin" off Melilla on 20 October 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="31043591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043591" title="Pittsburgh &amp; Lake Erie Railroad Station">
Pittsburgh &amp; Lake Erie Railroad Station

The Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Station (now the Grand Concourse Restaurant in Station Square Plaza) in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1898. Into the 1960s the station was a hub station for the passenger rail operations of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31043607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043607" title="NRL Racing Development Cycling Team">
NRL Racing Development Cycling Team

NRL Racing Development Cycling Team is a non-profit California, United States based USA Cycling bike racing team established in 2005. The director and general manager is Nitish Nag.
Sponsors.
The team's title sponsor is Nag Research Laboratories, a biotechnology and pharmaceutical company based out of Fremont, California. The presenting sponsor of the team is KATRA, a group of companies in the wellness and agricultural industries. Other sponsors of the team include Smith Optics, Thule Racks, Osprey Packs, KMC Chains, Red Bull Energy Drink, Jagwire Cable Systems, ESI Grips, Gu Energy, Kinesys Sunscreen, All Terrain Co., Lin Socks, Adventure Medical Kits, Green Label Organic Clothing, Specialized Bicycles, Pedros, Crankbrothers, and is a member of the International Mountain Biking Association (IMBA).
Competition.
The team competes in all disciplines of cycling including road racing, gravity racing, cyclocross, but focuses on cross country mountain biking. Athletes on the team also compete for their respective college and high school teams. The current elite team are all students or alumni of UC Berkeley's cycling team, Cal Cycling.
Major Results.
USA Cycling Stenner Scholarship 2011: Nitish Nag
1st, 5 Man Team classification : 24 Hours of Laguna Seca :
Outdoor Idol Award 2007: Nitish Nag
Elite Team.
NRL Racing also supports a grassroots based team of 20 racers which is mentored by the Elite Team.

</doc>
<doc id="31043615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043615" title="Tauanui">
Tauanui

Tauanui is a 351 m high basaltic scoria cone in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in New Zealand. It is the youngest volcano of the field, having erupted around 60,000 years ago, and also the southernmost of the group. South of the scoria cone is Lake Tauanui. To the northwest of Tauanui is a smaller scoria cone, Hangunui Pā. 

</doc>
<doc id="31043630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043630" title="Cyanea truncata">
Cyanea truncata

Cyanea truncata is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Punaluu cyanea. It is endemic to the islands of Oahu and Molokai in Hawaii, but it is now extinct in the wild. It exists in cultivation and some individuals have been planted in appropriate habitat. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
By the 1980s this Hawaiian lobelioid was known only from the Koʻolau Mountains of Oahu, and the last plants were seen in 1983. No more were found until 1998 when one plant was discovered; it died in 2001 but by then its offspring were being propagated. In 2004 three plants were discovered and these were still alive two years later. In the meantime, the offspring of the propagated individual had been planted in appropriate habitat. Some of these are still alive today, growing inside an enclosure along with another endangered plant, "Schiedia kaalae", where they are protected from feral pigs that rove the area. 
The aforementioned pigs were a major force that drove the plant to extinction. The animals are extremely destructive to the habitat, rooting the soil, tearing down larger vegetation, uprooting small plants and seedlings, and transporting the seeds of exotic plants into the area. Exotic plants that threaten this and other rare natives include kukui ("Aleurites moluccana"), ti ("Cordyline fruitcosa"), and Christmas berry ("Schinus terebinthifolius"). Rats and slugs also damage the plants.

</doc>
<doc id="31043635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043635" title="Prospect Junior High and Elementary School">
Prospect Junior High and Elementary School

The Prospect Junior High and Elementary School in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31043643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043643" title="Reymer Brothers Candy Factory">
Reymer Brothers Candy Factory

The Reymer Brothers Candy Factory (also known as the Forbes Pride Building, or Forbes Med-Tech Center) in the Bluff neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1906 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. 
Reymer and Anderson was one of the first confectionaries in Pittsburgh and it boomed during the Civil War when people sent their candies to soldiers. They prospered during the last half of the nineteenth century as Phillip Reymer's sons, Jacob and Harmer, took over the business. By 1906 when the new factory was built, the Reymer family had left the business but their name lived on. In 1908 the firm claimed that it was "one of the largest confectionary houses in the world," and that it had 5,000 vendors in the Pittsburgh area.
The firm ran five teahouses in Pittsburgh. These may have contributed to perception that the firm made quality products, but were unprofitable. An uncarbonated soft drink "Lemon Blennd" which accounted for 70% of their sales in 1959. The company was taken over in 1959 by a competitor, Dimling's, which went out of business in 1969. 
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31043647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043647" title="The Entity (disambiguation)">
The Entity (disambiguation)

The Entity is a 1982 horror film.
The Entity may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31043653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043653" title="Seán Kyne">
Seán Kyne

Seán Kyne (born May 1975) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway West constituency at the 2011 general election. 
He is from Moycullen, County Galway. He attended St Mary's College, Galway, National University of Ireland, Galway and University College Dublin, where he studied Agricultural science.
At the 2004 local elections he was elected to Galway County Council for the Connemara electoral area. He was re-elected to the County Council in 2009, having unsuccessfully contested Galway West at the 2007 general election. He was also unsuccessful in the 2007 election to the 23rd Seanad, when he stood on the Agricultural Panel.
His election in Galway West was the last result to be declared of the 2011 general election. When the result showed victory for Kyne over the independent candidate Catherine Connolly by a margin of 17 votes, she sought a full recount, which concluded after a total of four days of counting but did not change the outcome. His victory gave Fine Gael two seats in Galway West for the first time since 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="31043656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043656" title="James Dalrymple McIver">
James Dalrymple McIver

James Dalrymple McIver (14 December 1833-01 Feb 1912) was the son of Captain John and Margaret/Dalrymple/McIver. He married Mary Anne Kelly on December 2, 1862. He was a graduate of Davidson College in 1859. He volunteered 1st Confederate Co. in Moore County and rose to Captain. McIver read law, served as county solicitor (prosecutor), and in the North Carolina House of Representatives (1876–1877); was solicitor for the 7th judicial district (1876–1886); and judge of superior court (1890–1898). Ruling elder at Carthage Presbyterian Church for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="31043660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043660" title="Hoonah Police Department">
Hoonah Police Department

The Hoonah Department of Public Safety - Police Services (HPD) is the only municipal police agency on Chichago Island in Southeast Alaska. It is a full-service municipal police department for the City of Hoonah, an Alaskan First-Class City of 875 residents. HPD also provides police protection to surrounding areas on the local road system and operates a short-term detention facility. 
The department has a unique badge, with a standing brown bear and the city's seal on its chest. The department also has a distinct shoulder patch depicting an erect grizzly bear, the Pacific ocean, and snowcapped mountains, along with totem images from Tlingit culture.
History and Structure.
The department was first established in the 1940s, during World War II. It grew over the years from a part-time Chief to up to five officers during the logging era which peaked in the late 1980s.
The Department has a Director of Public Safety/Police Chief, three paid officers and two reserve officers. Civilian employees include a full-time Administrative Assistant and Supervising 911 Dispatcher, two full-time 911 dispatchers, several part-time 911 dispatchers. All dispatchers also serve as jail guards as needed. Dispatch is manned around the clock and also dispatches for all divisions of Hoonah Public Safety (Police, EMS, & Fire). 
HPD Reserve police officers serve as needed to supplement the full-time staff and during special or emergency events. HPD has a computer terminal link to the Alaska Public Safety Information Network (APSIN), Alaska's arm of the National Crime Information Center (NCIC). The population of Hoonah typically swells to over 1400 in warm weather months (May through September) with the arrival of commercial and recreational fishermen, recreational boaters, hikers, hunters, seasonal construction workers, and cruise ship passengers.
Police station.
The station has two cellblocks capable of holding low-risk and high-risk prisoners, females, juveniles, and Title 47 (Alaska Statutes) "mental health holds." The jail is generally a pre-trial holding facility, but can keep prisoners for up to two weeks. Persons held at the HPD jail for convictions are usually "weekenders," persons convicted of less-serious offenses and who are sentenced to short terms in jail, especially on weekends. Dangerous, convicted or long-term hold prisoners are transported by HPD officers to Juneau's Lemon Creek Correctional Center.
Officer duties.
HPD officers are on-duty or on-call 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Officers patrol and answer calls for service in and near the City of Hoonah and along 300 miles of unpaved roads leading to various recreational areas of the nearby Tongass National Forest in warm weather months (May through September).
Line of duty deaths.
Two Hoonah Police Officers have been killed in the line of duty. Sergeant Anthony Michael "Tony" Wallace, 32, He was hearing impaired and Officer Matthew Dean "Matt" Tokuoka, 39, were both shot and killed in an ambush on Front Street on Saturday night, August 28, 2010 in the presence of their families. A man with a history of arrest contacts with the two officers was charged with having opened fire with a rifle as Sergeant Wallace spoke to Officer Tokuoka and his family. Sergeant Wallace was shot in the leg and chest, penetrating his body armor. Officer Tokuoka, who was off-duty, came to Sergeant Wallace's aid and was also shot twice in the chest. Responding officers and a firefighter removed the fallen officers to safety, where Hoonah EMS transported both to the Hoonah Clinic Emergency Room. Officer Tokuoka died approximately forty five minutes later. Sergeant Wallace was flown by a US Coast Guard rescue helicopter to Bartlett Hospital in Juneau, where died while undergoing emergency surgery several hours after the shooting. 
Responding Hoonah, Wrangel, and Alaska State Trooper personnel contained the scene until SWAT personnel from the Juneau Police Department, US Forest Service Law Enforcement, and Alaska State Troopers arrived the following morning. Additional troopers arrived the next day, along with US Bureau of Alcohol, Tabacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) agents. The suspect, John Marvin Jr., 45, of Hoonah, surrendered the next day after being teargassed. He was charged with the murders of Sergeant Wallace and Officer Tokuoka. 
Sergeant Wallace was a former All-American college wrestler and had served with HPD for over three years. He was survived by his 12-year old daughter, his mother, several siblings, and extended family. Officer Tokuoka, a former USMC boxer and special operations Marine had served HPD for eighteen months as both a reserve and active officer. He was survived by his wife, two daughters, two sons, his father, several siblings, and extended family. The murders of the two officers in the agency with four full-time officers was the largest per capita loss of life by any law enforcement agency in Alaska law enforcement history and triggered the largest deployment of law enforcement personnel in rural Alaska history.
The funeral of the two fallen officers was the largest police funeral in Alaska history and the biggest gathering ever in Hoonah history. It was held in the Hoonah High School gym and attended by Alaska Governor Sean Parnell and US Senator Lisa Murkowski, along with over 1100 people, including local, state and federal law enforcement officers from across Alaska, along with law enforcement from Canada and the lower forty eight states. The State of Alaska provided a free ferry to get the officers' remains to Hoonah for the funeral and to bring persons attending the ceremony to Hoonah. 
Officer Tokuoka was posthumously awarded the Police Medal of Honor and Sergeant Wallace was posthumously awarded the Police Distinguished Service Award. Both officers were also were posthumously awarded Police Purple Hearts. The Hoonah City Council proclaimed the day of the funeral, September eighth as Officer Matthew Tokuoka and Sergeant Anthony Wallace Memorial Day.
Leadership.
The current Chief is Corey ROWLEY, a former Utah police officer and detective. 
Previous HPD Chiefs in recent years have included Jeff Hankla, Hugh Miller, Kelly Swihart, and Robert "Bob" Beasley, who is now the State of Alaska Alcohol and Beverage Control Enforcement Chief.
External links.
www.hoonahdps.org

</doc>
<doc id="31043665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043665" title="Mari Takano">
Mari Takano

Biography.
Mari Takano completed four years of music instruction at the Toho Gakuen School of Music in her native Tokyo, including a composition course with Mutsuo Shishido and, in 1983, lessons with Yoriaki Matsudaira and Jo Kondo. From 1983, Takano began to study in Germany with Brian Ferneyhough at the Musikhochschule Freiburg (Freiburg University of Music), and in 1986 Takano had private lessons with Morton Feldman. After taking her diploma in Freiburg, Takano enrolled in the Hochschule für Musik und Theater (University of Music and Theatre, Hamburg) with Gyorgy Ligeti, continuing there until 1994; she was awarded her MA under Ligeti in 1989. Takano's initial reputation in Europe was made while she served as pianist, keyboard player and composer with the contemporary music ensemble Hamburg Consort—later "Chaosma"—in which she participated with fellow Ligeti students Manfred Stahnke, Hans Peter Reutter, Hubertus Dreyer and Sid Corbett. Takano resettled in Japan permanently in 1994, and since then Takano has taught at the Shobi Conservatory in Tokyo, the Toho Gakuen School of Music and, from 2004, at the Joshibi Daigaku. Takano has also conducted, and participated in, music courses in the United States, including a master class given at New York University at the invitation of Julia Wolfe in 2009.
Takano credits Ligeti with helping to find her personal sense of direction as a composer. Another important proponent of Takano's work is BIS Records' head Robert von Bahr, who issued her first album, "Women's Paradise", and commissioned her to write a concerto for flautist Sharon Bezaly. She has had works commissioned by the city of Hamburg (1993, 1995), the twelfth Interlink Festival Tokyo (1995) and the Kanagawa Arts Festival (1997) (for singer Barbara Hendricks). Several Takano premieres have been held in the United States, including "Full Moon" (2009) for New York-based violinist Mari Kimura and LigAlien IV (2010) for the Northshore Saxophone Trio, based at Northwestern University in Chicago. She has also created works to commissions from mandolinist Akihiro Fukaya, Koto player Teiko Kikuchi, Hichiriki player Hitomi Nakamura, saxophonist Masahito Sugihara and pianist Ellen Ugelvik.

</doc>
<doc id="31043684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043684" title="National Liberation Army (Libya)">
National Liberation Army (Libya)

The National Liberation Army ( "jaysh al-taḥrīr al-waṭanī al-lībī"), formerly known as the Free Libyan Army, was a Libyan military organisation affiliated with the National Transitional Council, which was constituted during the Libyan civil war by defected military members and civilian volunteers, in order to engage in battle against both remaining members of the Libyan Armed Forces and paramilitia loyal to the rule of Muammar Gaddafi. It had prepared for some time in portions of Eastern Libya controlled by the anti-Gaddafi forces for eventual full-on combat in Western Libya against pro-Gaddafi militants, training many men before beginning to go on the offensive. They have battled for control of Benghazi, Misrata, Brega, Ajdabiya, Zawiya and Ra's Lanuf as well as several towns in the Nafusa Mountains. They finally began the Battle for Tripoli in August 2011 when they attacked from the west of the city, as well as fomenting an internal uprising on 20 August.
There were claims that there were 8,000 soldiers in Benghazi equipped with a substantial number of weapons captured from abandoned Libyan army depots, including AK-47 and FN FAL rifles, RPGs, SPGs, anti-aircraft guns and several tanks.
The force was formerly named the Free Libyan Army, but it was changed at the end of May 2011 to "help better define the increasingly professional and disciplined military efforts to overcome the Gaddafi regime", according to a statement released by the National Transitional Council. It uses the tricolour flag first adopted by Libya in 1951, which has become emblematic of the Libyan Republic and the revolt against Gaddafi; considering that the flag is the same sign of Libya's independence and freedom from the Italian occupation.
The NLA finally succeeded in defeating the last pro-Gaddafi remnants on 20 October 2011, during heavy fighting in Sirte, and captured Muammar Gaddafi himself, who later died of bullet wounds after his capture, effectively ending the Libyan civil war. The current status of the organisation following the Libyan provisional government's "declaration of liberation" is unclear.
2011 transitional period and restructuring.
As of November 2011, the National Transitional Council is in the process of restructuring the army, with military personnel who defected from the Gaddafi regime and former rebel fighters of the National Liberation Army forming the basis is the new Libyan National Army. Major General Khalifa Belgacem Haftar was chosen as the overall commander of the new Libyan Army due to his military experience and loyalty to the revolution that overthrew Gaddafi.
The Libyan Army only numbered "a few thousand" trained soldiers in November 2011, and was rapidly trying to train up new fighters who could keep the peace nationwide and deter rogue militias from acting without NTC orders, and was responsible for brokering a ceasefire on at least one occasion in November between warring militas from Zawiya and Al Maya.
On 1 December 2011, it was reported that the National Liberation Army was to integrate up to 50,000 former rebel fighters into the new Libyan national army and police forces, with the aid of French training, with long term aims to integrate as many as 200,000 fighters from the brigades that had fought against Gaddafi during the civil war.
In December 2011, Turkey agreed to provide training the Libyan Army as it attempted to reorganize in the aftermath of the civil war.
Also in December, large numbers of former rebels were being given jobs in the new army, whilst the government also announced that they would be free to join the special forces and the navy too. According to Osama al-Juwali, the defense minister: "The idea is to inject new blood in the army which was marginalized by the tyrant (Gaddafi)"
General Yousef Mangoush said on 5 January 2012 that Libya's new army faces major obstacles such as rebuilding bases destroyed during the conflict, as well as disarming militas that were not part of the new army. National Army commander General Khalifa Hifter said later that it could take between three and five years for Libya to field a capable enough army to protect its borders.
Brigades.
No reliable estimate on the total strength of the Army exists. Training camps are being organized in Benghazi, Bayda and Ajdabiya attended by "thousands of men" according to a report of 3 to 6 March. The opposition force taking Brega and Ra's Lanuf during an advance of 2–4 March was estimated as numbering between 500 and 1,000 men. In the Nafusa Mountains alone there are up to 2,000 rebel fighters.
After being driven back to the outskirts of Benghazi, the Free Libyan Army took the offensive once more on 25 March. In a string of victories the rebels retook the cities of Ajdabiya, Brega, Ra's Lanuf and Bin Jawad and were advancing to Sirte. However, after being in position for 48 hours, they were forced to withdraw from Bin Jawad and Ra's Lanuf again. The front line was than in the region of Brega and Ajdabiya for several months, with additional front lines in Misrata and the Nafusa Mountains. In late August Rebels in the east were finally able to retake Brega and several other cities closing in on Sirte. At the same time rebels in Misrata were able to push out of the city and secured all surrounding towns, and rebels in the Nafusa Mountains were able to take most of the western coastline including Tripoli itself. Each soldier has also been given an ID card with photo, name, brigade-name, and their blood type. These ID cards are either in the form of paper in plastic slips or plastic cards.
Some of the Brigades reported on by International journalists are as follows:
Equipment.
The equipment of the National Liberation Army comes primarily from abandoned Army depots, Libyan military defectors (notably in eastern Libya, Benghazi, Bayda, and Ajdabiya), Egyptian Armed Forces, France, Qatar and the United States. It is not exactly known what equipment is currently in use but reports from journalists reveal the following is in use (limited in some cases as in tank and armor because of unavailability of spare parts).
Camouflage.
Camouflage clothing has been provided by Qatar. Rebels have been seen in Ajdabiya wearing the military fatigues.
Vehicles.
Aircraft.
Note: Both the Soko G-2, and Mil Mi-2 were captured at Misrata Airport on 24 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31043695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043695" title="Orthotrichum crassifolium">
Orthotrichum crassifolium

Orthotrichum crassifolium is a species of moss in the Orthotrichaceae family. It is sometimes placed in the genus "Muelleriella". It has a wide circumpolar distribution on subantarctic islands through the Southern Ocean, as well as the extreme south of South America and the northern end of the Antarctic Peninsula. It is tolerant of saline conditions and often occupies the supralittoral zone along rocky coastlines affected by sea spray.

</doc>
<doc id="31043697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043697" title="Don Luft">
Don Luft

Donald Richard Luft (February 14, 1930–June 19, 2002) was a defensive end in the National Football League. He played with the Philadelphia Eagles during the 1954 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="31043699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043699" title="Cyanea undulata">
Cyanea undulata

Cyanea undulata is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names wavy cyanea and leechleaf cyanea. It is endemic to the island of Kauai, where it is in rapid decline. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub which can exceed three meters in height. The leaves have wavy edges and the flowers are yellow. 
The plant was first described in 1909 and then it was not seen again until it was rediscovered in 1991. In 1994 there was a single population containing 28 plants. By 2006 the population was in poor shape, with a single mature plant and a few juveniles remaining. 
The species has become rare because of habitat degradation by feral pigs, exotic plant species, and damage to plants caused by rats and slugs.

</doc>
<doc id="31043702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043702" title="Sinatra (TV miniseries)">
Sinatra (TV miniseries)

Sinatra is a 1992 CBS miniseries biography and drama about singer Frank Sinatra. Developed and executive produced by Frank's youngest daughter Tina Sinatra and approved by Frank himself. Directed by James Steven Sadwith, produced by Richard M. Rosenbloom, and written by William Mastrosimone and Abby Mann. It stars Philip Casnoff, Olympia Dukakis, Joe Santos, Gina Gershon, Nina Siemaszko, and Marcia Gay Harden. It won 2 and was nominated for 7 Emmy Awards, along with a win and 2 nominations for a Golden Globe Award. Released on November 8, 1992, it was re-released on a two disc DVD Warner Home Video on May 13, 2008.
Plot.
Frank Sinatra (Casnoff) emerges from Hoboken, New Jersey, the son of local politician Natalie "Dolly" Sinatra (Dukakis) and fireman Anthony "Marty" Sinatra (Santos). Beginning his career as a singer for the Harry James (Posey) and Tommy Dorsey (Gunton) big bands, Sinatra struggles to keep his marriage to his teenage sweetheart Nancy Barbato (Gershon). Before long, his talent catapults him to both music and movie fame, but his personal failings place his career and marriage in danger. He endures tumultuous marriages and divorces with starlets Ava Gardner (Harden) and Mia Farrow (Siemaszko) while juggling his movie and singing careers and forming significant friendships with an ambitious young senator named John F. Kennedy (Kelly) and powerful Chicago mob boss Sam Giancana (Steiger).
Production.
Filming.
Filming was shot on location in Hoboken, New Jersey and at the Los Angeles Union Station in California.

</doc>
<doc id="31043715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043715" title="2011 Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place between Friday, March 4 and Monday, March 7 in Chattanooga, Tennessee, at McKenzie Arena. The semifinals were televised by SportSouth, with the Southern Conference Championship Game televised by ESPN2. The championship matched the two teams with the best conference records, College of Charleston and Wofford. Although College of Charleston had won both regular season meetings against Wofford, the Terriers defeated the Cougars in the championship game, 77–67, to secure their bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, Wofford's second straight appearance.
Standings.
Tiebreakers:
Western Carolina and Chattanooga split their season series. Western Carolina was 2–0 against third-place Appalachian State, while Chattanooga was 1–1.
College of Charleston swept the season series with Wofford, 2–0.
Bracket.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime.
All-Tournament Team.
"First Team"
Andrew Goudelock, College of Charleston
Donovan Monroe, College of Charleston
Jamar Diggs, Wofford
Cameron Rundles, Wofford
Noah Dahlman, Wofford
"Second Team"
Trent Wiedeman, College of Charleston
Jordan Miller, Furman
Amu Saaka, Furman
Harouna Mutombo, Western Carolina
Mike Williams, Western Carolina

</doc>
<doc id="31043769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043769" title="2011 Mauritian League">
2011 Mauritian League

The 2011 Mauritian League (also known as "Barclays League" for sponsorship reasons) was the sixty-seventh season of the Mauritian League since its establishment in 1935. The 2011 fixtures were released in February 2011. The season began on 26 February 2011, and concluded on 26 June 2011. ASPL 2000 won the 2011 Mauritian League, winning their 5th title, their first since 2005.
Due to the preparation of the Mauritius national football team for the 2011 edition of the Indian Ocean Games, the season was shortened. From the 14 teams originally competing (Etoile de L'Ouest was later removed from the league, see "Controversies"), the top eight qualified for a new professional league, named the Super League, beginning play after the conclusion of the Indian Ocean Island Games sometime in 2012. The rest of the teams will be placed into the new Premier Division, which will start play at the same time. Centre Technique National François-Blaquart are not subject to promotion or relegation. The restructuring of the Mauritian league system was done in an attempt to further professionalize Mauritian football.
Rule changes.
The league introduced a cap on the number of foreign players in a squad. From this season onwards, clubs will have to declare a squad of no more than three players of foreign origin, in an attempt to encourage the growth of Mauritian footballers. The league now also uses CD Narsil technologies to record transfers. This is in compliance with mandates issued by FIFA.
To compete in the league, teams have to have either a club house or a room equipped with telephone, fax, and/or e-mail with a full-time administrative secretary. They must also have a permanent training ground, preferably equipped with projectors. The team must have at least 12 players signed to a professional contract, and each team must have a U-20 youth team. The MFA will also require that teams hire a qualified coach, holding at least a C license, a doctor and a physio.
The allocation fees for each team also increased. 1,000,000 rupees were allocated to each team.
Teams.
All of the Mauritian League teams submitted their squads on the 31 January 2011 deadline.
A total of fourteen teams competed in the league this year, including twelve sides from the 2010 Mauritian League and two promoted teams from the 2010 National Second Division. Late into the season, Etoile de L'Ouest was removed from the league (see "Controversies").
U.S. Bassin-Beau/Rose Hill were relegated to their regional league. Cercle de Joachim and U.S. Highlands were promoted to the Mauritian league.
Personnel.
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players and Managers may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Results.
Before Etoile de L'Ouest were removed from the league, each team was to play 13 games, for a total of 91 games. After Etoile de L'Ouest was removed, each team ended up playing a total of 12 games for a total of 78 games. All results involving Etoile de L'Ouest were nullified in relation to final standings.
Controversies.
On 5 March 2011, after a game in which ASPL 2000 beat AS Rivière du Rempart 2–0, ASRR accused ASPL 2000 of fielding an ineligible player, Jonathan Ernest, due to yellow card accumulation. The MFA looked into the matter, and ruled in favor of ASRR, suspending Ernest for two weeks and forcing the game to be replayed in May. ASPL 2000 won that game as well 1 – 0.
On 8 June 2011, after a game in which Petite Rivière Noire SC beat ASPL 2000 2–1, ASPL 2000 accused Petite Rivière Noire of fielding an ineligible player, Stéphane Badul, due to yellow card accumulation. Ironically, ASPL 2000 had been accused of the same thing two months prior. The MFA once again looked into the case, and once again ruled in favor of the accuser. This time, however, the punishment was much harsher, as they suspended Badul for six months (putting his chances of representing Mauritius in the 2011 IOG in the air) and fining Petite Rivière Noire 3000 rupees. ASPL 2000 was also awarded the game 3–0. Petite Rivière Noire expressed outrage at how harsh the penalty was, while the Ernest incident resulted in far less consequences. After this case, the MFA agreed to look back into the Ernest case, which was very similar but much more lenient on the accused.
On 22 June 2011, after a meeting was held by the National Managing Committee of the MFA, it was determined that Etoile de L'Ouest SC was not fit to compete in the Mauritian League after losing by wide margins in the previous few games and being very unprofessional, which included fielding only 8 players in one game. With immediate effect, the team was removed from the league and all games that the team played were nullified.
Republic Cup.
On 13 March 2011, the Republic Cup was played between Pamplemousses SC and Petite Rivière Noire SC.

</doc>
<doc id="31043783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043783" title="Mobile nurseries">
Mobile nurseries

Mobile Crèches or Mobile Nurseries and Mumbai Mobile Creches are Indian NGO founded to address a widespread lack of access to education and healthcare that children on construction sites face. "Mobile Crèche" was established in 1969 by its founder Meera Mahadevan when she witnessed the plight of “neglected children… on the site of the Gandhi Centenary Exhibition, in Delhi". Mahadevan believes that with parents away at work, “young children suffer neglect” while “older ones bear the responsibility of adult chores”, resulting in a situation where the basic needs of migrant children are unmet.
In 1972 Mumbai Mobile Creches (MMC) was established in Mumbai, India as a branch of Mobile Creches, Dehli. For administrative simplicity MMC established itself as an independent entity in 2007. With a mission of ensuring that every child living on a construction site is happy, healthy and educated both Mobile Crèches, Dehli and Mumbai Mobile Creches have since expanded their operations. Mobile Creches, Dehli now operates 21 day care centres and currently serves over 6000 children a year at construction sites across Delhi, Noida (Uttar Pradesh) and Gurgaon (Haryana). Mumbai Mobile Creches now operates 29 centres and reaches over 4,500 children a year at construction sites across Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, and Thane. Both MMC and Mobile Creches, Dehli have grown beyond their original mission of providing childcare services. Mobile Creches, Dehli has begun building "platforms for lobbying for all marginalized young children". To date, Mobile Crèches has reached out to 650,000 children, trained 6000 childcare workers and run 600 daycare centres. MMC also works to advocate for marginalized communities by providing vocational training for women and youth and promoting migrant families’ rights, access to healthcare, and government services. MMC has reached over 150,000 children and run over 240 daycare centres.
Mobile Crèches’ and MMC's Initiatives and Programs.
In the area of nutrition and healthcare, because children exposed to malnourishment and poor hygiene are vulnerable to, among other everyday ailments, diseases such as diarrhoea, respiratory diseases, boils and worms, both MMC and Mobile Crèches have implemented a healthcare programme consisting of prevention, cure and rehabilitation to improve the health of its charges.
For instance, because the first 2 years of the child’s admittance to a centre is critical to keeping malnutrition at bay, nutritional meals and snacks are prepared by the teachers and provided at the centres throughout the day. Other initiatives include raising awareness of breastfeeding, directing families to immunization, monitoring children/mothers’ with weekly doctor visits, and having referrals for eye care, dental treatment, and other ailments. To date, Mobile Crèches has conducted health checkups on 5705 children and immunized 3889 children for BCG, measles, DPT, DT and TT. In 2011-2012, MMC facilitated the vaccination of 5871 children for pulse polio, Triple Polio, BCG, measles, DPT, and Tetnus. Additionally, MMC ran 13 health camps providing 1336 people living on construction sites with eye checks and basic medical attention.
In the area of education, both MMC and Mobile Crèches believe that in order to equip the child for life, learning should start at birth and continue through pre-school and formal schooling. More importantly, they view formal education as the long-term solution to escaping the cycle of poverty by providing children with better earning opportunities and thus, both organisations remain steadfast in helping children get into municipal schools and stay in them.
As such, children at its childcare centres first undergo age appropriate learning where interactive play such as songs, games, puppets and stories aid social, cognitive, and motor development. Later, rudimentary forms of readings and math are also taught to prepare children for their transition into formal schooling. MMC works with children and their parents to support, both financially and academically, the enrollment of children into the municipal school system. Children from ages 6–14 continue attending the MMC centres for a half-day programme during which teachers support their formal school education. Both MMC and Mobile Crèches award monetary aid to its students, on a needs basis, in order to support the child’s enrollment fees and additional educational expenses.

</doc>
<doc id="31043796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043796" title="Film-type patterned retarder">
Film-type patterned retarder

FPR (Film-type Patterned Retarder) is a technology promoted by LG that is employed in its line of 3D televisions based on circular polarization. It shows left and right images through different patterns in a circular polarizer. Left/right polarized glasses allow the left and right images to then be seen by the left and right eyes separately. Both images are combined in the brain and generate the 3D effect. The FPR technology uses the precise film which can distinguish the left and right images to show a different image for each eye. FPR 3D tech is said to deliver a brighter screen with less cross talk, less ghosting, and no flickering.
History.
SG (Shutter Glasses) 3D shows the left and right eye images alternately. When the TV displays the left eye image, the glasses block the signal of right eye image by closing the shutter of right glass lens. By contrast, FPR 3D shows the both images of left-eye and right-eye simultaneously, dividing the images into right-eye and left-eye by the correlation between FPR film on panel surface and polarizing glasses.
Shutter glasses mostly eliminate "ghosting" which is a problem with other 3D display technologies such as RealD 3D, or Dual projector setups. Moreover, unlike red/cyan colour filter 3D glasses, LC shutter glasses are colour neutral, enabling 3D viewing in the full colour spectrum, but the technology has problems such as twinkle, vertigo, and uncomfortable glass Liquid crystal shutter glasses.
FPR 3D has been developed to overcome some of the restraints of shutter glasses. Some obstacles such as eye-health-concern caused by flicker & cross-talk, and heavy and inconvenient 3D glasses run by rechargeable battery are there in 3D TV industry.
An early implementation of the technology was by Zalman, in their 'Trimon' computer monitors rather than TV, available around the end of 2007.
Overview.
FPR (Film-type Patterned Retarder) improves on the cost of Patterned Retarder (PR) technology that needed to add an extra polarizing glasses substrate to the LCD TV panel. FPR has reached the point where it can use film instead of glass, reducing the extra cost to 25% of what it used to be, while the polarized glasses are 80% cheaper than shutter glasses.[http://www.fpdmarketresearch.com/blog/?p=42]

</doc>
<doc id="31043814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043814" title="Kolenča Vas">
Kolenča Vas

Kolenča Vas (; , ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. Traditionally the area was part of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31043853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043853" title="Makresh Municipality">
Makresh Municipality

Makresh Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 12 km southwest of Danube river. It is named after its administrative centre - the village of Makresh. The area borders on the Republic of Serbia to the west.
The municipality embraces a territory of 229 km² with a population of 1,938 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The easternmost border of the area is linked by the main road E79 which connects the province centre of Vidin with the city of Montana and respectively with the western operating part of Hemus motorway.
Settlements.
Makresh Municipality includes the following 7 places all of them villages: 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="31043861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043861" title="Kushal Punjabi">
Kushal Punjabi

Kushal Punjabi is an Indian film and television actor, who won the TV reality game show, "", the Indian version of US game show "Wipeout" in February 2011, taking home the prize of 5 million.
Punjabi has performed in the world of entertainment industry for over a decade. 
From performing in movies like Farhan Akhtar's - "Lakshya and Karan Johars - Kaal" to Utv's – Goal and Cinevista’s - "Ssshhhhh", Punjabi has exhibited his acting credentials in a fine fashion. 
In the television circuit, his filmography covers almost every genre with over 20 serials under his belt, his last ne being Aasman se Aage on Life Ok where he essays the role of a choreographer. 
Being the face of over 15 popular music videos and endorsing products via television and print commercials further fueled his energetic and enthusiastic nature as an entertainer.
Graded with the title of – The Reality King, Punjabi’s participation in 7 reality shows has not only been enriching as an experience but also overly fulfilling having won 5 of the 7 over the years – namely: "Fear Factor, Mr. & Miss TV, Paisa Bhari Padega, Nautica Navigators Challenge, Ek Se Badhkar Ek" and "Zor Ka Jhatka".
He has been a professional Modern Jazz and Hip Hop dancer and choreographed the Gladrags Manhunt Megamodel & Mrs. India contests and various Fashion shows and Music Videos over the last decade, Punjabi states that his love and passion still lies in Dance and Choreography. He has Choreographed and Directed the ‘Star Walk’ Fashion event for UMEED (the ngo for children) where over 40 celebrities from different walks of life sashayed down the ramp.
Governed by the force of body movements and the rhythm of music, Punjabi till today showcases an unavoidable urge and desire to perform better each day and bedazzle his audiences. Given his way he shall tell every story regardless of the medium with just his unstoppable dynamism and intense performance.
Early life and family.
Punjabi was and brought up in a Sindhi Hindu family in Mumbai, Kushal's father is from Karachi and mother is from Hyderabad but has been born & raised in Mumbai.
As a child, Punjabi was extremely active and started cycling, skating, swimming and dancing very early and in the coming years played football, athletics & swimming for his school & college. He loved traveling and being outdoors and his spirit of adventure made him an apt candidate for adventure sports which he did with great passion. His love of dance theatre and music helped him in becoming a serious actor and went on to do more than 20 tv shows, 5 films and plenty of music videos & commercials.
Career.
He started his career as a dancer & model, and participated in "Gladrags Manhunt Contest", in 2000.He also appeared in music album of Shweta Shetty pop song Deewane To Deewane Hai in 1997. His television career began with TV series "A mouthful of sky" in 1995 for DD Metro channel followed by "Love Marriage" in 2002 on Zee TV, and has since appeared in a number of series like "Don" in 2006 for Star One, "Santaan" from 2007-2008 for Star Plus, "Kasam se" in 2006 for Zee Tv, "Sshh koi hain" for Star One and "King Aasman ka ek raja" for Sony Tv. He appeared as Sub-inspector in CID Special Bureau, detective-crime Tv series, "C.I.D." (on Sony TV) from 2003 to 2004 and did a small role in TV series, "Kkusum". In 2004, he appeared as a lead in "Dekho Magar Pyaar Se" (on STAR Plus), an Indian adaptation of popular Venezeulan TV series, "Mi Gorda Bella" and also in popular comedy TV series, "Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa" on Zee TV. His other shows were "Antariksh" in 2008 for Star Plus, "Yeh dil chahe more" in 2006 fr Star One, "Hum Tum" in 2008 for Zee Next, "Rishta dot com" on Sony Tv in 2010 for Yash Raj productions.He also appeared in STAR Plus TV series, "Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat" from 2008 to 2010. In 2010, he did a cameo in SAB TV's "Gutur Gu", India's first silent comedy series. and then bagged a prominent role in Farhan Akhtar's film, "Lakshya" (2004), followed by Karan Johar’s "Kaal", which also starred Shah Rukh Khan and Ajay Devgan.
He has appeared in Hindi films, like "Lakshya" (2004), "Kaal" (2005), "" (2007) and "Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal" (2007).
He is trained dancer-choreographer and worked as a dancer/trainer with Shiamak Davar for while. He has participated reality shows like, "Mr. & Ms. TV" (2007),"Fear Factor", "Fun on the Run" and "Ek Se Badhkar Ek" (2008) on Zee TV, and in 2011 won the TV reality game show, "Zor Ka Jhatka", the Indian version of "Wipeout!", which started with 28 contestants, in an obstacle course set in Argentina, and was hosted by Shah Rukh Khan., and is currently shooting for Balaji Film's "Rock the Shaadi" as 1 of the 3 main leads.

</doc>
<doc id="31043877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043877" title="Pipitea Point Railway Station">
Pipitea Point Railway Station

Pipitea Point Station (1874-1880) and Lambton Station (1880-1937) were successive names for the main Wellington Railway Station in Wellington, New Zealand before the opening of the current Wellington Railway Station in 1937. 
The new station also replaced the Thorndon Railway Station built by the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company (WMR) but owned by the New Zealand Railways (NZR) since 1908. 
The first station, Pipitea Point Station, was opened (1874) with the opening of the Hutt Valley Line. The railway line from Wellington to Lower Hutt, the first railway line in Wellington, was started in 1872 and opened in 1874. 
Lambton Railway Station (opened 1880) was north of the present Wellington Railway Station; and Pipitea Point Railway Station was further north, but south of Thorndon Railway Station. All are within the present rail yard area. 
External links.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="31043902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043902" title="Queen of Angels Foundation">
Queen of Angels Foundation

The Queen of Angels Foundation is an association of lay faithful of the Roman Catholic Church dedicated to fostering devotion to Mary, Mother of Jesus. The Foundation is a volunteer group of lay men and women who "...strive together in a common endeavor to foster a more perfect life for themselves and their community by promoting reverence for the Blessed Virgin Mary, in whose name, as Our Lady of the Angels, the City and Archdiocese of Los Angeles were founded..." and whom Catholics revere as Queen of Heaven and Empress of the Americas.
The Foundation was launched in February 2011 in Los Angeles, California as a Roman Catholic Marian Movement by layman Mark Anchor Albert. Membership is open to all practising Catholics, and educational and devotional meetings for the benefit of members are held monthly. The Foundation enjoys tax-exemption as a California Nonprofit Religious Corporation.
History.
The Queen of Angels Foundation was founded in February 2011 by attorney and philanthropist Mark Anchor Albert of Larson Albert LLP. It is a lay association of the Roman Catholic Church and is also a recognized tax-exempted religious organization .
Objectives and Mission.
Objectives.
The Queen of Angeles Foundation has stated as its objectives:
1) To make known the Catholic faith before all the world,
2) To invoke the healing power of the Holy Spirit to rally the Family of God to support the people and clergy of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles,
3) To demonstrate obedience and fidelity to the wishes of the Popes,
4) To entreat the blessing of God upon our City, County, and Archdiocese of Los Angeles, and
5) To foster interreligious and ecumenical outreach to all members of the multicultural community of Los Angeles.
Mission.
The Foundation seeks to educate and evangelize the public regarding Our Lady of the Angels, the Catholic heritage of Los Angeles, as well as foster devotion to the Archangels and Guardian Angels. By doing so, the Foundation hopes to foster a more perfect life for its members, deepening their bond to Christ and the Church through Mary, the Mother of God.
To further that end, the Foundation’s members contribute their time, talent, and treasure to organization of an annual Procession, Mass, and Feast in honor of the Blessed Virgin Mary on the Saturday nearest September 4, the Feast of Our Lady of the Angels and the anniversary of the founding of the City of Los Angeles, in the absence of any current comparable observance.
Spirituality.
According to the Catholic Church’s "Directory on Popular Piety and the Liturgy", “…Popular devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary is an important and universal ecclesial phenomenon. Its expressions are multifarious and its motivation very profound, deriving as it does from the People of God's faith in, and love for, Christ, the Redeemer of mankind, and from an awareness of the salvific mission that God entrusted to Mary of Nazareth, because of which she is mother not only of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, but also of mankind in the order of grace.” The primary purpose and charism of the Queen of Angels Foundation is to foster greater devotion to Christ the King and Our Lady of the Angels in hopes of enriching the spiritual lives and deepening the faith of Catholics everywhere. The Foundation's main activity is an annual procession, Mass, and feast held on the Saturday nearest 4 September which is the Feast of Our Lady of the Angels as well as the anniversary of the founding of the City of Los Angeles.
Marian Spirituality & Apologetics.
The Queen of Angels Foundation particular charism of Marian devotion is in keeping with the official teaching of the Roman Catholic Church on the Blessed Virgin Mary.
Processions.
Processions have historically played a significant role in the liturgical and spiritual life of Christians throughout the world. In every culture, public anniversaries, triumphant heroes, religious festivals, and innumerable other events have been marked by parades of local leadership and activists — and participated in by the viewers. In this way, the entire community is able to reaffirm its values and traditions, while inspiring onlookers with a sense of purpose.
Although the first Christian processions took place firmly within the context of the Liturgy (Introit, Offertory, and Gospel), they soon moved out-of-doors. The type of prayer called “litany” today was expressly designed for these functions, wherein the Church would offer prayers for all degrees of folk within both Church and State, invoking the intercession of the Blessed Virgin Mary and various saints. In periods of plague or famine, processions bearing saints’ relics would be held, begging Heaven for an end to the calamity. The Rituale Romanum (the latest edition of which is called in English simply “The Rites”) gives extensive instructions regarding processions. They are distinguished as “Ordinary Processions”: for feast days, such as Candlemas, Palm Sunday, Holy Week, Rogation Days, Corpus Christi, and other feasts as dictated by local custom; as well as for various “Extraordinary Processions”.
Prior to the Protestant Reformation, this “culture of processions” was universal in the Church, both East and West. But the first Protestants often rejected processions as “Popish” idolatry and superstition . So while in traditionally Catholic parts of Europe, Latin America, and certain parts of Asia and Africa, the old customs hold forth (and are often major tourist draws to localities that still have them), they died out in such Protestant regions as Scotland and England, and were forbidden in Ireland by the British authorities. In time, Catholics in those lands — and the countries overseas where they settled, forgot the old ways. Where processions were required by the Missal, as at Candlemas, Palm Sunday, and Corpus Christi, they were held in the churchyard or even restricted to marching around the interior of the Church; they might even be done away with altogether.
Catholic Emancipation in Protestant Europe, and the presence of ethnic Catholics in North America, led to a gradual revival of processions in some areas — but they were often considered unusual, and looked at with some suspicion by “native” Catholics, despite, for example, Pope Pius XI call for processions honoring the new Feast of Christ the King. The liturgical movement did a great deal of work expanding the use of processions prior to the Second Vatican Council. Following the Council, however, many places, even in Catholic countries, abandoned some or all of them, or at least cut them back in number or length.
In 2001, to correct these abuses (and many others which had afflicted popular piety since the Council), the Catholic Church's Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments issued a Directory on Popular Piety and the Liturgy. Throughout that document, the use (and revival) of processions for various Church festivals is called for, and an entire section devoted to processions alone, in which their importance for all Catholics is underlined.
In an attempt to revive the custom of religious processions, in September 2011 the Queen of Angels Foundation inaugurated an annual Grand Marian Procession in the heart of Downtown Los Angeles' historic core. This yearly procession, held on the second Saturday of September and intended to coincide with the anniversary of the founding of the City of Los Angeles, begins outside of the parish of La Iglesia de Nuestra Señora Reina de los Angeles which is part of the Los Angeles Plaza Historic District, better known as "La Placita". By way of city streets, the procession eventually terminates at the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels where a public Rosary and Mass in honour of the Blessed Virgin Mary are offered. Subsequent years have seen the involvement and participation of numerous chivalric, fraternal, and religious orders, parishes, lay groups, political figures, as well as other religious and civic organizations.
Prayers.
Central to the spirituality of the Queen of Angels Foundation is devotion to Mary, Mother of Jesus. According to Catholic teaching, Mary played a unique and important role in the ministry of her son, Jesus Christ, and thus, in God’s plan of salvation for the entire world. The Queen of Angels Foundation places great importance on Marian spirituality and devotion as a means of deepening one’s understanding of and relationship with Christ. Marian prayers such as the Rosary, the Angelus, various intercessory prayers, and the devout use of holy cards are given special importance.
Catholic Chivalry.
In addition to its many spiritual aims, the Queen of Angels Foundation also seeks to promote the revival and deeper understanding of Catholic chivalry and its role in the life of the Church and the community. Many members of the Queen of Angels Foundation board of directors are also members of various chivalric and fraternal orders, including the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem, Order of St. Gregory, Order of St. Sylvester, Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem, the Knights of Peter Claver, and the Knights of Columbus.
In the Middle Ages and today, there were many who lived by the code of chivalry outside of the various orders. Some of these knightly orders date back to the days when crusaders sought to reclaim the Holy Land; others are of more recent origin but still seek to perpetuate the same spirit of service in the present day.
Civic and Community Engagement.
The Queen of Angels Foundation, in addition to fostering religious devotion, also seeks to "celebrate the accomplishments and diversity" of the City of Los Angeles. Through its annual Grand Marian Procession the Foundation also marks Los Angeles' official founding (on September 4, 1781) as a city named in honour of Mary, Queen of Angels (El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora de Los Ángeles). "For approximately the first 100 years of the City’s history, citizens marked Los Angeles’ founding through processions and parades calling for God’s blessings and protection for our civic and religious leaders and inhabitants. By re-inaugurating this civic birthday celebration and ancient religious observance, we hope to honor the Southland’s history and heritage, celebrate our City’s accomplishments and diversity, and unite our multicultural community to face our common challenges."
In recognition of its efforts to engage the local community in fostering civic pride, the Los Angeles City Council officially recognized the Queen of Angels Foundation in a formal commendation awarded in August 2012.
Civic leaders such as Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and City Council members Tom LaBonge and Jan Perry, among others, have publicly expressed support for the work of the Queen of Angels Foundation. The Foundation has also received the support of the members of Los Angeles consular corps with official delegations from the Croatian, Filipino, Lithuanian, Polish, Slovakian, and Spanish consulates general taking part in the 2012 Grand Marian Procession and Mass.
Logo and Heraldic Crest.
The corporate logo of the Queen of Angels Foundation consists of a crown with seven stars accompanied by the Latin motto, “Ave Maria, Regina Angelorum” (or “Hail Mary, Queen of the Angels").
Images of the Blessed Virgin Mary often depict her with a crown of twelve stars in reference to an allusion found in the twelfth chapter of the Apocalypse of St. John: “A great sign appeared in heaven, a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars.”
The iconography of the seven stars is intended to symbolize several important attributes of the Blessed Virgin Mary . The star itself, apart from the number of stars presented, is a traditional sign of Mary. The star figures in many of the titles of Mary, including La Madonna della Stella, Star of the New Evangelization, Star of the Sea, Star of Jacob, Morning Star, and Fixed Star, to name a few. The crown of stars depicted in the Queen of Angels Foundation logo is a Crown of Immortality, reflecting the Catholic teaching of Queenship of Mary. That there are seven stars above her crown also call to mind the key role Mary played in Salvation History. The seven stars on the Crown of Immortality of Our Lady of the Angels also signify the Seven Corporal Works of Mercy as well as the Seven Spiritual Works of Mercy, the Seven Gifts of the Holy Spirit, the Seven Virtues, the Seven Joys of Mary and the Seven Sorrows of Mary.
The Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
As a devotional society resident within the Archdiocese of Los Angeles the Queen of Angels Foundation maintains a close, cooperative relationship with the Archdiocese and strict allegiance to the Archbishop of Los Angeles and the wider Magisterium of the Roman Catholic Church. José Horacio Gómez succeeded Roger Cardinal Mahony as Archbishop of Los Angeles in March 2011. The Archbishop is assisted by six auxiliary bishops five of whom oversee a separate geographical portion of the Archdiocese known as a pastoral region. The current auxiliary bishops are Edward W. Clark, Alexander Salazar, Oscar Azarcon Solis, and Gerald Eugene Wilkerson.
Board of Directors.
The Queen of Angels Foundation is governed by a volunteer Board of Directors composed of several prominent Catholic laymen and women, including several philanthropists, intellectuals, and other professionals from throughout the Los Angeles area. As a private devotional society, membership on the board of directors is by invitation only. The current Directors are Mark Anchor Albert,Esq., KM, KofC (Founding Chairman), Robert P. Barbarowicz, Esq., KM prov., Thomas J. Condon, KMOb, KSG (Vice President, Archdiocesan Relations), Mr. Charles A. Coulombe (Website Editor), Arthur J. Fritz III, KM, Dr. Arturo Ibarra, C.A.L.L. (President, Catholic Association of Latino Leaders), Nancy L. Iredale, Esq., DM, LGCHS (Vice President, Archdiocesan Relations), Ronald L. Katsky, Esq., KM, KGCHS (Corporate Secretary). Donald M. Keegan, KGCHS, KofC, Mr. John Lockhart (Vice President, Communications), Michael M. Maddigan, Esq. (Treasurer), Michael S. McCauley, Esq., William Shaw, Esq., KM, KofC (General Counsel), Harry L. Tarnoff, KCLJ (Vice President, Ecumenical Relations), and Ana Maria Albert (Executive Director).

</doc>
<doc id="31043915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043915" title="Star Theater (Portland, Oregon)">
Star Theater (Portland, Oregon)

The Star Theater is a historic former silent film theater in Portland, Oregon, United States. The address was originally 9 NW Sixth Avenue, but since 2001 has been 13 NW Sixth Avenue.
It opened in May 1911 as the Princess Theatre at Sixth and Burnside Street with 300 seats. It was one of many "semi-fireproof picture show" that opened that year in Portland and the first in Downtown Portland to comply with the new fire codes. It was being run by the Sax Amusement Company circa 1923; it became the Star Theater in 1939, but was also known as the Star Burlesk, 4 Star Theater or New Star Theater at various times.
In the 1940s it became a live burlesque theater. Featured dancers included Tempest Storm, Betty Roth as Candy Renee, and Arabella Andre. It closed briefly during Dorothy McCullough Lee's mayorship, but reopened in 1953. Jim Purcell, Portland's Chief of Police, was a regular at the Star Theater and was especially interested in Candy Renee.
In the late 1960s, the Star Theater became an adult theater which showed erotic movies and also had strippers on stage. In the 1970s the Star Theater experimented with presenting everything from underground and classic comedy films to controversial "live sex shows". Eventually the Star Theater went back to the somewhat less controversial adult movies and live strippers. In the period of 1979–1983 one of the strippers at the Star Theater was a teenage Courtney Love. The Star Theater was closed in 1985.
The Star Theater was the business in question in the landmark City of Portland v. Tidyman Oregon Supreme Court ruling handed down by Oregon Supreme Court Justice Hans A. Linde in 1988 (long after the incident(s) in question happened in 1979), which helped establish the State of Oregon's strong free speech protections, possibly the strongest free speech protections in the U.S. This ruling eventually led to an abundance of strip clubs and live nude entertainment in and around the city of Portland, now known around the country as having "the most strip clubs per capita" of any city in the U.S.
The property was owned for several years by Portland film director Gus Van Sant. Van Sant sold it to "embattled restaurateur" Andrew Sugar in 2001. Sugar opened Vivid, a restaurant/nightclub in September 2002, it became Level by 2004 and the business was sold and closed in 2008.
The theater briefly re-opened as another nightclub called Five Star Theater, held some shows in October 2008, but then was shut down again on September 27, 2009 by the Portland Police Bureau and the Oregon Liquor Control Commission for selling alcohol without a liquor license and violating building codes. Local news outlet KATU described Five Star as a modern speakeasy.
As of 2011, the theater seating and original interior have been removed. The upper two-thirds of the exterior facade is almost completely original except for the marquee and sign, but the lower third was completely covered over in the 2001 remodel.
In February 2011, the owners of Dante's took possession of the business and began to remodel and restore the theater into a live music and performance space. The old neon marquee sign was rebuilt in August 2011 in time for the 100th anniversary of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="31043969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043969" title="Larry Carter">
Larry Carter

Larry Gene Carter (born May 22, 1965) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the San Francisco Giants in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31043985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043985" title="Australian Singing Competition">
Australian Singing Competition

The Australian Singing Competition (ASC) evolved from the Marianne Mathy Scholarship, established in 1982 through a bequest made in the will of Marianne Mathy-Frisdane, a coloratura soprano opera singer and distinguished teacher of opera and classical singing.
The Marianne Mathy Scholarship and the ASC are designed for young opera and classical singers, under 26 years of age.
The Marianne Mathy Scholarship has come to be known by its participants and within its industry as The Mathy.
The winner of the Opera Awards (Australia) is acknowledged and invited to perform as a guest artist at the Finals Concert of the Australian Singing Competition.
Marianne Mathy Scholarship Winners (The Mathy).
The Australian Singing Competition is managed by Music & Opera Singers Trust Limited (MOST®).

</doc>
<doc id="31043998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31043998" title="Live at Dreher, Paris 1981">
Live at Dreher, Paris 1981

Live at Dreher, Paris 1981 is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy recorded in Paris in 1981 and released by the Hathut label. 
The four-CD box set combines recordings previously released on the LP's "Snake Out" in 1983, "Herbe De L'oubli" in 1986 and "Let's Call This" in 1986, with additional recordings from the concert series. 
The recordings were also released as two double-CD sets "Live at Dreher, Paris 1981: Round Midnight Vol. 1" and "Live at Dreher, Paris 1981: The Peak Vol. 2".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Lacy and Waldron display what so few duets in jazz history have been able to conjure: true synchronicity. This is a wonderfully gratifying set; one only wishes she or he could have been there". The review by Bill Shoemaker in "JazzTimes" said "for anyone with a serious interest in either artist, "Live at Dreher Paris 1981" is an essential collection. By this time in their respective developments, both artists had stripped their approaches down to the bare essentials". 

</doc>
<doc id="31044001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044001" title="Pope Lucius of Alexandria">
Pope Lucius of Alexandria

Lucius of Alexandria was an Arian who was twice installed as Patriarch of Alexandria, first in 363, during the reign of Athanasius, and the second between 373 and 380, competing with Peter II of Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="31044021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044021" title="Cyperus trachysanthos">
Cyperus trachysanthos

Cyperus trachysanthos is a rare species of sedge known by the common names pu`uka`a and sticky flatsedge. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known from Kauai and Oahu. It was known from Niihau, Molokai and Lanai, but it has been extirpated from these islands. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
This plant is a rhizomatous perennial flowering plant which produces clumps of stems up to about 45 centimeters in maximum height. There are plentiful hairlike green leaves which may be longer than the stems. The inflorescence is made up of a few heads of up to 30 spikelets each. The spikelet is about a centimeter long and has up to 20 yellow-brown flowers covered by yellow-brown to reddish glumes. The plant grows in wetland habitat such as seeps, mudflats, and marshes. Hau ("Hibiscus tiliaceus") is often found alongside the sedge. Generally, the habitat is seasonally dry.
This species has been reduced to seven populations, one on Kauai and six on Oahu. The Kauai population contains about 300 individuals. On Oahu, the plant occurs at several locations, including Diamond Head, where 40 individuals have been counted, and Lualualei, where there are over 300. There is a total of perhaps 1000 plants, but the population numbers vary by rainfall abundance.
Threats to this endangered species include the destruction of its wetland habitat, and natural disasters that could conceivably destroy entire populations, such as hurricanes. Exotic plant species such as billygoat weed ("Ageratum conyzoides"), scarlet pimpernel ("Anagallis arvensis"), feather fingergrass ("Chloris virgata"), and lantana ("Lantana camara"), are a threat. Feral goats, off-road vehicles, fire and pollution are threats to "Cyperus trachysanthos" on Oahu.

</doc>
<doc id="31044032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044032" title="SKY Arena">
SKY Arena

SKY Arena is SKY Network Television's sport Pay Per View system, which shows wrestling, mixed martial arts, boxing and occasionally concerts. 
The David Tua vs Monte Barrett during August 2011 was the 1st Arena event screened in HD 

</doc>
<doc id="31044035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044035" title="Rampur-Baghelan (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Rampur-Baghelan (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Rampur-Baghelan Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. This constituency was abolished in 1961 but came into existence again in 1966.
Overview.
Rampur-Baghelan (constituency number 67) is one of the 7 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Satna district. This constituency covers the entire Rampur-Baghelan tehsil and part of Amarpatan tehsil of the district.
Rampur-Baghelan is part of Satna Lok Sabha constituency along with six other Vidhan Sabha segments of this district, namely, Chitrakoot, Raigaon, Satna, Nagod, Maihar and Amarpatan
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="31044050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044050" title="2010–11 Fairfield Stags men's basketball team">
2010–11 Fairfield Stags men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Fairfield Stags men's basketball team represented Fairfield University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Stags, led by 5th year head coach Ed Cooley, played their home games at Webster Bank Arena and are members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. The Stags finished the season 25–8, 15–3 in MAAC play and were MAAC regular season champions for the first time since 1986. They lost in the semifinals of the 2011 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament to Saint Peter's. As regular season champions who failed to win their conference tournament, they earned an automatic bid to the 2011 National Invitation Tournament where they defeated Colorado State in the first round before falling in the second round to Kent State.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| MAAC Tournament
!colspan=9| 2011 NIT

</doc>
<doc id="31044051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044051" title="J/P Haitian Relief Organization">
J/P Haitian Relief Organization

J/P Haitian Relief Organization (J/P HRO) is a non-profit organization founded by the American actor Sean Penn in response to the January 12, 2010 earthquake in Haiti. J/P stands for Jenkins-Penn, a reference to Sanela Diana Jenkins, whose foundation supported initial relief efforts, with Sean Penn. 
Today, J/P HRO continues to keep in step with the needs on the ground as they evolve. Programs focus on supporting the residents of J/P HRO-managed camps and the surrounding areas transition from life left homeless by the earthquake to sustainable and thriving communities. Early on, J/P HRO became camp manager of the Pétionville and Cité Maxo camps, supporting nearly 60,000 internally displaced persons. By the end of 2013, J/P HRO will have achieved a significant milestone in the successful relocation of all remaining camp families. 
J/P HRO employs nearly 350 people, 95 percent of which are Haitian, to provide health, education and community development, housing and economic opportunities.
Taking a geographically focused and integrated approach to community regeneration, J/P HRO programs empower the residents of Delmas 32 to revitalize their neighborhood. J/P HRO seeks to demonstrate that something fundamentally different can come from a slum in the center of one of the world’s poorest cities: sustainable and prosperous communities. The organization works with the support of and in collaboration with local and national government leaders, community-based organizations, other international NGO’s, UN agencies, donors—and-most importantly—the community members themselves.
J/P HRO has four core programs—Medical, Camp and Relocations Management, Community Development, and Engineering and Construction—that provide services to earthquake survivors, primarily from neighborhoods that surround the Pétionville and Cité Maxo camps. 
The Camp and Relocations Management Program manages the two camps and is actively relocating the remaining families into long-term and structurally sound housing. 
The Engineering and Construction Program has cleared more than 500,000 cubic meters (m3)—approximately 31,250 dump truck loads—of earthquake debris and rubble from the city to date, and has been recognized as a leader in the overall rubble removal effort for safety and efficiency. It also rebuilds and retrofits badly damaged structures, including education and medical facilities, and builds new homes, in accordance with a “build back better” approach. 
The Medical Program provides free emergency and primary medical care for a nominal sum, averaging more than 8,000 patients a month at two community clinics. The clinics also lead broad public education campaigns on good health and hygiene practice. 
The Community Development Program is running a primary school for 260 students. The program also offers capacity-building education and enrichment opportunities for the community members, while forging partnerships with small businesses in Port-au-Prince. 
In response to the cholera outbreak in late 2010, J/P HRO teamed up with the Pan American Health Organization and the World Health Organization to help stop the spread of the disease.
The Travel Channel's food show , hosted by Anthony Bourdain, featured Haiti as the 2011 season opener which first aired on February 28, 2011. Sean Penn and J/P HRO were featured prominently in the show including a tour of one of the IDP camps.

</doc>
<doc id="31044052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044052" title="Dragging the Gut Festival">
Dragging the Gut Festival

The Dragging the Gut Festival is a two day event held each year on the fourth weekend of August (August 22–23, 2014) in the historic downtown of McMinnville, Oregon. The festival gives participants the chance to relive the classic 1950's car Cruising (driving) on the main street that took place for decades in small towns.
The Ezra Koch Car Show, which is a side event at the Dragging the Gut Festival, takes place yearly on the fourth Saturday in August (August 23, 2014) during the Dragging the Gut Festival before the main cruising event. The Ezra Koch Car Show is held on the property of Saint James Catholic Church in Downtown McMinnville and honors Mr. Ezra Koch. Mr. Koch is a leading long-time McMinnville civic and business leader.
He is a former 20 year member of the Linfield College Board of Trustees, and a member of the college's Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31044053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044053" title="Jefferson Fred Rodriguez">
Jefferson Fred Rodriguez

Jefferson Fred Rodriguez (born February 28, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31044057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044057" title="The Mammoth Book of Erotica">
The Mammoth Book of Erotica

The Mammoth Book of Erotica (ISBN 0786707879) is an Erotic literature anthology edited by Maxim Jakubowski that was originally published in 1994, with a revised edition published in 2000. It was published by Robinson Publishing in the United Kingdom (2000 reprint by Robinson imprint of Constable & Robinson), and by Carroll & Graf (Avalon Publishing Group imprint) in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31044063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044063" title="Oahu Sugar Strike of 1920">
Oahu Sugar Strike of 1920

The Oahu Sugar Strike of 1920 was a multiracial strike in Hawaii of two unions, the Filipino American Filipino Labor Union and the Japanese American Federation of Japanese Labor. Involving 8,300 workers, with 150 people losing their lives, it was one of the deadliest peaceful demonstrations in 20th-century Hawaii.
Background.
Before the 1920 strike, when one ethnic group went on strike the other groups worked as strikebreakers, leading to a strike’s failure. Before the strike fieldworkers were paid wages that met the poverty line. With the start of World War I, supplies directed to the war effort drove up living expenses and wages remained the same, putting much of the plantation work force into destitution, which lingered after the war ended. After years of organizing, the Filipino Labor Union and the Federation of Japanese Labor united the Filipino and Japanese groups. The unions brought their demands to the Hawaiian Sugar Planters' Association on December 4, 1919. The demands were pay raises from $0.77 to a $1.25 for males and $0.58 to $0.90 per day and paid maternal leave for females. Initially the planters refused demands and expected to outlast the strike.
Strike.
The strike began for Filipinos and other Hispanics on January 20, 1920, and the Japanese officially joined on February 1 (although many Japanese joined independently earlier). The strike involved 8,300 workers spanning six plantations: 5,000 Japanese, 3,000 Filipinos, and 300 of other ethnicities – Portuguese, Chinese, Puerto Ricans, Spanish, Mexicans, and Koreans.
Evictions.
In retaliatory action against the strike the plantations evicted picketers and their families from plantation housing. A total of 12,020 people were evicted. The evicted took shelter in homes of strike sympathizers, hotels, tents, empty buildings and factories as well as Buddhists and Shinto churches, but Christian clergy had been prominent opponents of the strike and turned away homeless pickets and their families from lodging in Christian churches. The Board of Health re-evicted 300 Filipinos that had taken up residence in a brewery at Kakaako and they moved into tents.
Financial difficulties.
Another dilemma was finances for food. The Japanese union’s approach was to build up a reserve for the Japanese picketers and their families; this fund held $900,000. The Filipino union’s approach was to be sustained by donations from Filipinos working on other plantations not affected by the strike. In less than a month, the Filipinos were desperately low on funding and on the verge of starvation. If the Filipinos were to return to work the strike would collapse. The Japanese union used their reserves to sustain the Filipino picketers, averting a collapse of the strike.
Flu.
During the strike the Spanish Flu hit Hawaii. 1,056 Japanese fell ill by the flu of whom 55 died. 1,440 Filipinos fell ill and 95 died during the world-wide epidemic. Picketers directed the blame toward the plantations for the evictions early in the strike causing them to live in crowded living quarters.
March.
After months of striking immense boredom became a problem that had to be addressed. The Federation of the Japanese Labor arranged a protest march with 3,000 participants on April 3 and went down King street.
End.
The strike had taken a toll on both sides; 1,000 strikers had gone back to work and more than 2,000 strikebreakers were hired. The HSPA lost $12,000,000 in potential income. The strike lasted until July 1, more than half a year, when a compromise was reached at the Alexander Young Building which included a 50% pay raise and more benefits. Many workers felt the strike was a failure because the results were not immediate. It would take six months for the products of the strike to fully materialize.
Aftermath.
Although the strike was successful, the “Japanese Problem” and the “Filipino Problem” was exposed as a larger issue than the planters realized.

</doc>
<doc id="31044070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044070" title="Mehmadpur">
Mehmadpur

Mehmadpur is a village in Punjab, India. It is located 8 km from Fatehgarh Sahib on the Sirhind - Chandigarh road near Badali Ala Singh village. Mehmadpur is a big village with a population of over 1500. There are two schools and two gurudwaras.
The main profession of people is agriculture. The literacy rate is medium, and few people are in government jobs. The population mainly consists of Sikhs and Hindus, with couple of Muslims families.
The village has its own Panchayat which was recently elected by consensus. This consists of five Panchayat members and a Sarpanch. The village lacks many basic facilities like good transportation links and middle standard school.

</doc>
<doc id="31044082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044082" title="SIBA Book Award">
SIBA Book Award

SIBA Book Award is an American South literary award given by the Southern Independent Booksellers Alliance (SIBA), first awarded in 1999. Nominated books must be southern in nature or by a southern author, have been published the previous year, and have been nominated by a SIBA-member bookstore or one of their customers. Voting categories include fiction, non-fiction, poetry, cooking and children's literature. The award was originally called the "SEBA" Book Award.
The first awards were given in 1999. From 1999 through 2007 winners were chosen by popular vote through an online voting mechanism. Starting in 2008 winners were chosen from the list of finalists by a jury of SIBA booksellers, instead of by popular vote.
Winners.
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

</doc>
<doc id="31044092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044092" title="Fathimath Dhiyana Saeed">
Fathimath Dhiyana Saeed

Fathimath Dhiyana Saeed is a Maldivian diplomat, and was the Secretary-General of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC). She was the first woman to hold this post since the organization's inception in 1985. She was appointed Secretary-General at the Thirty-third Session of the SAARC Council of Ministers in February 2011, and assumed office in Kathmandu on 1 March 2011. She succeeded India's Sheel Kant Sharma, who's term ended in February.
She was previously the Maldives’ Attorney General, and also served as the Maldivian Government’s Envoy for South Asia.
She holds a Master’s Degree in Law from the Graduate School of Law and Politics, Osaka University, Japan.
<br>
She is the first female to hold this position, as well as the youngest person on the post.
Early Years and Education.
Dhiyana Saeed was born in Hithadhoo "(today's Addu City)", Maldives. She obtained her primary and secondary education in the Maldives. In 2000, she acquired a Bachelor's Degree in Law (LLB) from the University of Tasmania, Australia. In 2004, she earned a Master's Degree in Law (LLM) from the Graduate School of Law and Politics, Osaka University, Japan.
Politics.
Fathimath Dhiyana Saeed is a founding member of the Dhivehi Rayyithunge Party and has served as a member of its Executive Council. Later, she joined the Jumhoory Party and was elected the Leader of its Women’s Wing. During these political stints, she has been a vocal proponent for legal reforms, human rights and gender issues as well as the consolidation of democratic governance in the Maldives.
Diplomatic career.
Uza. Dhiyana Saeed started her legal career as a State Attorney at the Attorney General’s Office in 2000. As a State Attorney, she was responsible for providing legal opinion to the Government on all aspects of its dealings and for reviewing draft laws and regulations. She was promoted to the post of Executive Director in 2005. Earlier the same year, she was also appointed to the People’s Majlis (Parliament) and by virtue of that appointment, she also became a member of the People’s Special Majlis (Constitutional Assembly). As a member of the Parliament and the Constitutional Assembly, she played a key role in introducing a multi-party democracy to the Maldives and instituting constitutional and law reforms. She is especially credited for proposing a deadline to complete the constitution and a time-bound schedule to meet the proposed deadline.
Attorney General.
In 2008, she was appointed as the Attorney General of the first multi-party Government in the Maldives. As the Attorney General, she played a leading role to sustain the newfound democracy and the decentralization of powers in the Maldives.
On 18 May 2009, a mere 6 months as AG, President Mohamed Nasheed officially dismissed Dhiyana Saeed as Attorney General. The President's Office later stated that this move was carried out in order to assemble a cabinet that has greater confidence within the opposition-ruled parliament. However, this move was also seen as a proving fact for the anticipated breaking of the coalition between the ruling Maldives Democratic Party and Jumhooree Party, of which she was a member.
Envoy for South Asia.
On 4 August 2010, President Mohamed Nasheed appointed Saeed as the Maldivian Government's Envoy for South Asia. She retained this post until 1 March 2011.
Secretary-General of SAARC.
Uza. Dhiyana Saeed was the candidate provided by the Maldives, in nomination for the post of the 10th Secretary General of SAARC. On 10 February 2011, she was appointed to the post by the Thirty-third Session of the SAARC Council of Ministers held in Thimphu, Bhutan.
She assumed office in Kathmandu on 1 March 2011. She resigned on 22 Feb 2012 over a controversy in involvement in internal politics of Maldives and her resignation was accepted on 24th Feb 2012. This is the first time a SAARC secretary general resigned prior to the expiry of terms since its foundation in 1985.
Personal life.
Ms. Dhiyana Saeed is married to Abdullah Jabir and has two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="31044094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044094" title="Funding Act of 1790">
Funding Act of 1790

The United States Funding Act of 1790, the full title of which is "An Act making provision for the of the Debt of the United States", was passed on August 4, 1790 by the United States Congress as part of the Compromise of 1790, to address the issue of funding domestic debt. It resulted in the assumption of state debts by the federal government by the issue of federal securities.
Background.
With the formation of the new government in 1789 and under the recently adopted US Constitution, the settlement of the Revolutionary War debt was a matter of prime importance. As a result, the first House of Representatives directed the first secretary of the treasury, Alexander Hamilton, during the presidential administration of George Washington, to draw up a plan for the support of public credit. Consequently, the First Report on the Public Credit was issued on January 9, 1790, which became the foundation for subsequent action taken by Congress for funding and paying the public debt. The Funding Act of 1790 that followed was concerned primarily with funding the domestic debt held by the states.
Content.
The Funding Act authorized the federal government to receive certificates of state war-incurred debts and to issue federal securities in exchange. It essentially proposed “a loan to the full amount of the said domestic debt.” 
The terms of the loan were that two-thirds of the principal of the debt subscribed should draw an interest of 6% per annum, from January 1, 1791, and the remaining one-third of the principal to receive interest at the same rate (6%) from 1801, with interest “payable quarter yearly”. The debt consisting of arrears of interest should bear an interest of 3% from January 1, 1791.
By this Act, Congress authorized the assumption of a total of $21.5 million of state debts as follows:
Not all the state quotas were filled, so the total assumed was only $18.3 million. Furthermore, although the Act was limited to one year, it was later extended till the entire debt was subscribed and funded according to the law. 
This sum was also to be loaned to the United States with the terms such that each subscriber was to be entitled to a certificate equivalent of 4/9ths of the sum subscribed, bearing interest at 6% per annum, another certificate equal to 3/9ths of the sum subscribed bearing interest at 3% with both commencing January 1, 1792, and a third certificate of the remaining 2/9ths of the sum bearing 6% interest starting from the year 1800.
The Act also provided for the funding of securities issued by the Confederation into new federal issues. State governments had acquired nearly $9 million of the $27.5 million of Confederation debt outstanding in 1789. The law provided that for every $90 worth of principal turned in, there should be issued $60 worth of 6% stock and $30 of deferred that would bear interest after 1801. Arrears of interest were funded into 3% stock. 
Finally, the funding program resulted in the settlement of accounts between the states and the national government completed in 1793. This was intended to equalize the per capita burden of war expenditures among the states. Each state was credited with the amount it spent during the War and debited for sums received from the national government.
Effects.
The shedding of the state debt burden allowed the states to reduce taxes, resulting in the lowering of taxes in many states including Maryland, Pennsylvania, New York, Virginia and Massachusetts. However, this was associated with a subsequent imposition of federal taxes, therefore effectively leaving the status quo unchanged. The Funding Act left the states with substantial revenue earned through the federal securities, with income from this source making up nearly one-fifth of total state revenue. This income enabled states to directly invest in industry and promote economic enterprises.
Criticism.
One of the primary criticisms is that the passage of acts to raise federal revenue and to refund the debt raised the market value of the debt; the value of debt principal by five and one-half times and the value of interest arrears by three times. 
Moreover, at the time, the Act was criticized for widening the influence of the federal government at the expense of the states. However, it is now believed that as a result of the assumption of state debts, the states were in a better position to focus on economic growth and development, whereas the federal government was left with trying to finance the large debt it had acquired. The most controversial aspect of the Act was the large benefits allegedly reaped by speculators – especially by the assumption of state debts. Many states’ securities sold in the open market for 10% of their face value or less at the time the Act was being debated. This furnished considerable scope for speculative gains. However, taking into account the low security prices prior to 1790 owing to the general economic depression, monetary stringency of the times and the use of paper money by the states for debt service, the rise in security values was inevitable after 1790, once the causes of depreciation were ameliorated.
Some academics have argued that the long-term effects of Hamilton’s program on the states may have proved to be detrimental. This idea is premised on the economic concept of “moral hazard”, with the argument being that states were relieved of the responsibility of debt, began to excessively rely on federal assistance and funding through assets rather than taxation and became extravagant in incurring debt in the years to come. Hence, this “bailout” for the states set a bad precedent and may have proved disadvantageous to the economic progress of the states.
Bibliography.
North-Holland 

</doc>
<doc id="31044107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044107" title="The Phoenix (Raghav album)">
The Phoenix (Raghav album)

The Phoenix is an album from Canadian singer Raghav as a follow-up to his first two albums "Storyteller" in 2004 and "Identity" in 2009. The album was released in Canada on April 10, 2012 on the Cordova Bay label. For singles were released from the album: "So Much" featuring Kardinal Offishal, then "Kya Se Kya Ho Gaya", a Hindi track, then "Fire" and "Top of the World". 

</doc>
<doc id="31044108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044108" title="Deny King">
Deny King

Charles Denison (Deny) King AM (12 September 190912 May 1991) was an Australian naturalist, ornithologist, environmentalist, painter and tin miner. He spent fifty five years living in Melaleuca in Port Davey, part of the remote South West Wilderness of Tasmania where he discovered the extinct shrub, "Banksia kingii", among other major exploits. 
King was a tin miner by profession and followed his father, Charlie, to Melaleuca in 1936, where he built a house, which was accommodation for himself and workers as well as the airstrip which opened up tourism for the South West Wilderness.
On 6 June 1940, Deny King enlisted in the Australian Army where he served through World War 2 being discharged on 15 October 1945. 
On 5 November 1949, Deny King married Margaret Ann Cadell at St David's Cathedral, Hobart. The couple had two daughters, Mary and Janet.
He was instrumental in preserving the habitat of the Orange-bellied Parrot and it was in Melaleuca that he discovered the extinct tree or shrub "Banksia kingii". King also discovered a species of eyebright, "Euphrasia kingii" (nowadays known as "Euphrasia gibbsiae" subspecies "kingii"), as well as a flowering evergreen in the Protea family (Proteaceae): King's Lomatia (also known as King's Holly, "Lomatia tasmanica").
In 1971, the King family's life at Melaleuca was the subject of an episode of the Australian Broadcasting Commission television documentary series ""A Big Country"".
In 1975, King was made a Member of the Order of Australia for his community service.
On 12 May 1991, Deny King died suddenly of a heart attack at the home of his daughter Mary King in Hobart. He was cremated and his ashes scattered at Melaleuca.

</doc>
<doc id="31044127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044127" title="Vairamkod">
Vairamkod

Vairamkode (, is small village near Thirunavaya, Malappuram District, Kerala state of India. Vairamkode is famous in the name of Vairamcode Bhagavaty Kshethram (Temple) and Theeyattu (Temple Festival)
Vairamkode Bhagavathy Temple.
Vairamkode Bhagavathy Temple is one of oldest Bhadrakaali temples in Kerala. The deity here is goddess Bhadra Kaali. Vairankode Temple was constructed by Azhvanchery Thamprakkal about 1500 years ago. The sister of Kodungallur Bhagavathy cross the Bharathappuzha river and reach Azhvanchery mana. The Thamprakkal placed Bhagavaty at Vairamkode.
Vairamkode Bhagavaty Theeyattu (Vairamkode Temple Festival).
Every year, in the month of February, the festival is celebrated. The festival lasts for 6 days (from Sunday to Friday), The Fesival starts with Maram mury (To cut offered Jack Fruit Tree to make fire for Kanlattam) the 3rd day after Maram muri celebrating Cheriya Thiyyattu (Common Celebration). The Cheriya Thiyyattu for nearby villages. The 6th day celebration called Valiya Thiyyattu (Grand Festival).
Procession is one of the main attractions of Thiyyattu. A number of procession coming to Vairamkode with folk forms like Pootha, Thira, Kattalan, or Pulikkali from nearby villages and places. Most of the procession carries Eratta Kala (the huge decorated effigies of bullocks. Fireworks are performed after midnight. Kanalattam (Devotees walking around and on live coal) perform in the early morning.
The grand procession comes from Athavanad, the place of Azhvanchery Thamprakkal. It is the one of main attractions of Theeyaattu.
The elephants not participating in the festival, it makes difference Vairancode Theeyaattu from other temple festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31044148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044148" title="Theo Berger">
Theo Berger

Theo Maximilian Berger (25 January 1941 — 20 November 2003) was a notorious Bavarian criminal, best known for his numerous escapes from prison. Despite escaping four times, Berger spent 36 years in jail and eventually committed suicide there. Berger had been sentenced to a collective 137 years in jail.
In 1986, he became the subject of a documentary titled "Der Al Capone vom Donaumoos" () and later wrote his memoirs, which were smuggled out of Straubing prison. In 2006, he also became the subject of a theatre play in Neuburg an der Donau titled "Bruchstücke" ().
In his time, Berger received a number of nicknames, among them "Al Capone vom Donaumoos", "König der Ausbrecher" (English:"King of the jail breakers") or "Der schöne Theo" (English:"The beautiful Theo"). He was at times compared to some of the other legendary Bavarian criminals and robbers, the Räuber Kneißl and the Bayerische Hiasl.
Biography.
Berger was born in 1941 in Ludwigsmoos, a small village near Schrobenhausen in what is now the district of Neuburg-Schrobenhausen. He was the son of a farmer. He was the second of nine sons. One of his brothers was later shot by the police.
Berger was described as of a rebellious nature in school, hitting back at the local village priest when he tried to discipline him. Shortly after turning 18, Berger was sentenced to three years in jail for minor offences, in the belief that it would break him. Berger's punishment, in retrospect, was seen as far too harsh for his early crimes and resulted in him developing a hatred for the authorities. After his release he was re-arrested within four months, this time for car theft. Later attempts to start a non-criminal life failed, being accused of theft when he was innocent, lacking a drivers' licence to carry out his job and finding his wages confiscated to pay for his illegitimate children. In 1965, Berger escaped from the local police station in Schrobenhausen after having been arrested for a fight by jumping out of a window on the first floor, stealing a bicycle and cycling to Ludwigsmoos, where friends cut off his handcuffs.
In 1968, Berger was sentenced to 15 years in prison for bank robbery, which he was to spend in the high-security jail at Straubing. He quickly came to realise that Straubing was not as secure as its reputation, as he himself was able to carry a hacksaw in his suitcase on arrival. He used this hacksaw for his first escape, when on transfer in Munich. He was confronted by the police in March 1969 and arrested after firing and injuring a police officer. Berger later claimed in his memoirs that the hate with which he was prosecuted by the police made him fire at the officers.
He returned to his home area, the "Donaumoos", after this escape despite this being the most searched place by the police. Berger's life, by his own admission, was always moving between the "Moos" and prison. Berger was cleverly able to evade the police and earned secret admiration and support for this. The home of his family in Ludwigsmoos became a tourist attraction. However, after his shots at a police officer in 1969, Berger did lose a lot of support in the region. His admirers saw in him somebody that took from the rich and never actually killed anyone.
Berger was often purposely playing cat-and-mouse with the police. He would call up the local police station and inform them that he had just stolen a car, was going to refuel it and then was ready to be chased.
After each escape, Berger was caught eventually and his court cases, held in Augsburg, became pilgrimages for the local population from the "Donaumoos". By his own admission in his memoirs, Berger was always able to receive keys for his cell in Straubing and a gun when he wanted to. He even once toyed with the idea of passing a gun to the Red Army Faction terrorists Knut Folkerts and Bernd Rößner after seeing them in the courtyard of the Straubing jail. He eventually handed in his guns to the Bavarian justice department in the hope of being allowed to receive medical treatment outside of jail; he was refused.
He made his fourth escape in September 1983, when he escaped through a toilet window as part of a group of inmates who visited the Straubing Zoo. His escape lasted for only eleven days; he was arrested without resisting on a bridge over the Danube in Ingolstadt, afraid the police would shoot him otherwise.
Berger, in his later life in prison, suffered from a rare form of blood cancer. By 1989, his weight had dropped to 60 kg and he suffered from speech impediments because of long periods of isolation. He was released from prison in 1985 because of his illness, but Berger and accomplices Otto Hinterlechner were the main suspects in a bank robbery in March 1986. The two were eventually confronted by the police and arrested after a shootout with the police.
While Berger could not be convicted of this bank robbery, the fact that shots were fired at the police resulted in him being charged with attempt of murder. He was sentenced to another 12 years in prison despite not having fired a shot from his gun. Hinterlechner, who originally stated that Berger told him to fire, later withdrew this statement. A psychological assessment of Berger at the time found that he suffered from excessive masculinity, a lack of scruple when it came to aggression and a complete absence of fear for retribution by others. On top of his 12 year sentence, it was decided that Berger should remain in preventive detention for the rest of his life. In 1989, when his father died, Berger was allowed to attend the funeral, but he was guarded by 20 police officers and a police helicopter.
When Berger's wife died in 2001, he was allowed to attend the funeral but was escorted by three police officers and was not allowed to spend time with his family. In his later days in jail, Berger felt that he was sentenced to death in jail, despite the death penalty having been abolished in Germany in 1949. Hubert Dietl, a high-ranking official in the Bavarian justice department, once declared that Berger should die in jail since he was a danger to the public. Berger never publicly showed regret for his crimes, but an inmate in his final years stated that Berger had changed and was much calmer and unlikely to be threat to anybody anymore.
Death.
After 36 years in jail, Berger committed suicide by hanging himself in Straubing prison on 20 November 2003. The appropriateness of Berger's 36 years in jail was questioned in his obituary by the "Sueddeutsche Zeitung", as he never killed anybody and even murderers in Germany tend to be released after much shorter sentences. Berger was buried at the "Alten Friedhof" in Neuburg an der Donau.
Personal life.
While in prison in 1991, Berger married a teacher from Karlshuld. She made four unsuccessful appeals to have Berger pardoned, and she died in 2001. Berger had five children with three different women; two of the children died as infants. The surviving three children are all daughters.
Berger's daughter Michaela, who regularly visited him throughout his time in jail, made numerous attempts to have her father released and to have him live with her and her children. Shortly before his suicide, plans were underway to permit Berger to spend one day a week at his daughter's house.

</doc>
<doc id="31044152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044152" title="List of specific crimes in Melbourne">
List of specific crimes in Melbourne

This page examines individual crimes & criminals in Melbourne.
Early history.
The Nelson robbery was one of the major crimes of the Victorian gold rush. It involved the robbery at gunpoint of 8,183 ounces of gold valued at about £30,000 by a party of thieves from the barque Nelson as she lay at anchor in Hobsons Bay off Melbourne on the night of 1–2 April 1852.
The Depressions of the early twentieth century generated organised crime, as in most western cities. Infamous gangsters of the time included Squizzy Taylor, and were portrayed in Author Frank Hardy’s 1950 novel "Power Without Glory". 
From the 1950s until the early 1990s the majority of underworld crime figures and major incidents can be traced back to the Painters and Dockers Union that existed on Melbourne's waterfront. Similar in structure to Italian crime gangs, the 'dockies' followed an unwritten set of rules which included assistance to members, rejection of conventional justice and a code of silence.
Activity was centred around control of the Union, and the cut associated with the drugs that passed through the port. In the early 1970s the amount of drugs increased, and so did the violence associated with it. This was later the subject of a Royal Commission
Timeline of major incidents.
1970s.
Eloise Worledge kidnapping.
1976: Eloise Worledge kidnapped from her Beaumaris home and presumed killed although her body was never found.
Great Bookie Robbery.
1976: A well-organised gang of six stole between $6 million and $12 million from the Victoria Club in Queen Street; the crime technically remains unsolved and is known as the Great Bookie Robbery.
Easey Street murders.
1977: Easey Street murders two women were viciously stabbed in their home in Easey Street, Collingwood.
1980s.
Louise and Charmian Faulkner disappearance.
1980: Louise Faulkner and her toddler daughter Charmian, disappear from outside their St Kilda residence and although presumed killed their bodies have never been found.
Russell Street Bombing.
On 27 March 1986 a car bomb exploded outside the Russell Street Police Headquarters, killing 21 year old Constable Angela Taylor. The bomb caused extensive damage around the area.
Hoddle Street massacre.
On the evening of 9 August 1987, former army cadet Julian Knight went on a 30 minute shooting spree in Clifton Hill, killing 7 and wounding 19 before being arrested. He was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Queen Street massacre.
On 8 December 1987, around 4:00pm, 22 year old Frank Vitkovic walked into the offices of Australia Post on Queen Street. Over a period of four hours, he killed eight staff, wounded five, and seriously traumatised many others, before jumping out of a window and killing himself.
Walsh Street police shootings.
On 12 October 1988, two police officers, Constable Steven Tynan and Probationary Constable Damian Eyre, were ambushed and shot dead in Walsh Street, South Yarra while patrolling for speeding motorists in the region. Victor Peirce and Trevor Pettingill, Anthony Farrell and Peter McEvoy were charged, though later acquitted at trial by jury. In 2005, the wife of Peirce gave an interview detailing how her husband planned the murders.
1990s.
Portland Double Murder.
On the 3 May 1991, the bodies of hairdressers Claire Acocks, 49, and Margaret Penny, 58, were found in the shampoo room of the Old London Coiffure hairdressing salon in Bentinck Street, Portland. They had stab wounds in their chests and throats caused by a knife and, possibly, a pair of scissors. $100 had been stolen from the salon till. Police interviewed a local man who suffered schizophrenia, although no charges were laid. The case remains unsolved.
Silk-Miller police murders.
On 16 August 1998 Sergeant Gary Silk and Senior Constable Rodney Miller were staking out a restaurant when they were shot at close range. Bandali Michael Debs, and Jason Roberts were sentenced to life imprisonment for the murders as well as 13 other charges of armed robbery.
Melbourne gangland killings.
Between 16 January 1998 and 7 March 2006 at least 29 underworld figures were killed in Melbourne, in a series of tit-for-tat killings between various groups, starting with the murder of Alphonse Gangitano and culminating in the arrest of Carl Williams and the killing of suspected hitman Andrew Veniamin.
2000s.
Solicitor murder of Keith William Allan.
On 28 or 29 May 2000 Keith William Allan was murdered in a contract killing organised by his former law clerk Julian Michael Clarke. His body has never been found. Clarke, together with Sudo Cavkic and Costas Athanasi were found guilty of murdering Allan. The case involved three lengthy trials. Frank De Stefano, former Mayor of Geelong, gave evidence at the committal of Clarke and Athanasi, and at all three trials. The convicted men were sentenced to lengthy periods of imprisonment.
Society Murders.
On 4 April 2002, Matthew Robert Wales murdered his parents, millionaire socialites Margaret Wales-King and Paul King, and buried their bodies in bushland. He pleaded guilty to their murders and was sentenced to 30 years imprisonment with a minimum non-parole period of 24 years.
Monash University shooting.
At 11:20am on 21 October 2002, Huan Xiang, a student at Monash University went into a tutorial room at the Clayton campus with 5 guns and shot and killed 2 students. He was tackled and restrained by a lecturer until police arrived. He was found not guilty of murder due to mental illness.
Maria Korp 'body-in-the-boot' case.
On 9 February 2005, Maria Korp was strangled by Tania Herman, the mistress of Korp's husband Joe Korp, allegedly at his instruction. Maria Korp was found four days later, brain damaged and in a coma, in the boot of a car parked near the Shrine of Remembrance. She remained in a vegetative state for almost six months before her feeding tube was removed at the request of her state-appointed legal guardian, Public Advocate Julian Gardner. Prior to Korp's death, Tania Herman pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was sentenced to 12 years jail with a non-parole period of 9 years. Joe Korp, who had pleaded not guilty to attempted murder and was awaiting trial (his charge was soon to be upgraded to murder following his wife's death), committed suicide on the day of Maria Korp's funeral.
The Flinders Lane Shooting.
On 18 June 2007, a man fired 6 shots, killing one man, and critically wounding a woman and another man. The man was seen dragging a woman out of a taxi by her hair on a busy Melbourne street when two male bystanders attempted to help her. The offender pulled out a hand gun and shot the two men and woman at point blank range. This incident occurred at approximately 8:20am Monday, during one of Central Melbourne's busiest times. Victims were rushed to the Alfred and Royal Melbourne Hospitals for emergency surgery. The gunman fled the scene almost immediately, later dumping his jacket and gun at a nearby building site. 
On 12 May 2008, Christopher Wayne Hudson pleaded guilty to the murder of lawyer, Brendan Keilar, and other offences committed during the shooting.
Major figures.
Billy "The Texan" Longley was a leader of a union faction within the Painters and Dockers. He was known as "The Texan" either because he wore a Stetson and carried a Colt .45. or because the character played by Rory Calhoun in the film "The Texan" was Bill Longley. A biography, "In Your Face" has been written of his life by Rochelle Jackson, published by ABC books.
Mark "Chopper" Read, as a figure, has been immortalised in film "Chopper", played by actor Eric Bana. Due to a high profile through his books, he is perhaps the best known figure to have emerged from Melbourne's criminal underworld. His deeds as reported in his books are considered to be a mix of fiction and non-fiction. Between the ages of 20 and 38, he spent only 13 months of his adult life out of prison.

</doc>
<doc id="31044159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044159" title="SNDT Pune campus">
SNDT Pune campus

Shreemati Nathibai Damodar Thackersey Women's University (SNDT) is a women's university in Maharashtra, India. It has a constituent campus in Pune. The university was founded in Pune in 1916 in the Karve Kutir (erstwhile residence of Maharshi Karve).

</doc>
<doc id="31044182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044182" title="Jay Landesman">
Jay Landesman

Irving Ned Landesman (15 July 1919 – 20 February 2011) was an American publisher, nightclub proprietor and writer long resident in London.
With the Beats.
Born in St. Louis, Missouri, the youngest of four children born to Benjamin Landesman, an immigrant Jewish artist from Berlin, and his wife Beatrice, who dealt in antiques. Their son changed his name to Jay after reading "The Great Gatsby" during his teens. 
While running an art gallery and salon in the Little Bohemia district of St Louis, Landesman founded the quarterly magazine "Neurotica" in 1948, based in New York City from 1949, which became an outlet for the Beat Generation of writers including John Clellon Holmes, Carl Solomon (as Carl Goy), Larry Rivers, Judith Malina and Allen Ginsberg. Dedicated to rather risqué material for its era, "contributors moved among the bases of art, sex, and neuroticism", the magazine closed in 1952 after the censors objected to an article on castration by Gershon Legman who by then had taken over the magazine.
Back in St Louis, Landesman with his brother opened the Crystal Palace nightclub in 1952; the venue was previously used as a gay bar called Dante's Inferno. At Crystal Palace, Lenny Bruce, Woody Allen and Barbra Streisand made early appearances. A musical "The Nervous Set", based on an unpublished novel by Landesman, with a book co-written with Theodore J. Flicker, premiered 10 March 1959 at Crystal Palace, St Louis, by now based in Gaslight Square and enjoyed a long run there, but lasted only 23 performances on Broadway. Featuring Larry Hagman in a leading role, the show in New York suffered from mixed reviews.
Despite its overall failure in a more prominent location several of the songs written for the work by his second wife Fran Landesman and the composer Thomas Wolf - "Ballad of the Sad Young Men" and "Spring Can Really Hang You Up the Most" - have endured. Dedicated to the emergence of the Beat Generation, and sometimes described as the movement's only musical, it has an unusual form with a jazz quartet performing onstage and a downbeat ending. Landesman followed "The Nervous Set" by collaborating with writer Nelson Algren on a musical version, again featuring lyrics by his wife, of Algren's novel "A Walk on the Wild Side" which opened at Crystal Palace in 1960. A cabaret review "Food for Thought", with the Landesmans working with librettist Arnold Weinstein, opened in St. Louis in 1962 and transferred to Yale.
In London.
Landesman had married his second wife Fran in 1950, and the couple moved to London with their two sons in 1964. He hung out with the homosexual Labour MP Tom Driberg and his Filipino companion, a diary entry from 20 July 1964 reads:“We pub-crawled with Tom D. Ended up in a pub that could well be called the Spare Nobody Bar. Lesbians, transvestites, young Danish sailors powdered from head to toe, whores, ageing pederasts and young couples all in good humour. Tom D said it helped him to keep in touch with his constituency.”A December article by Hunter Davies in "The Sunday Times" claimed: “There’s a very way-out Salinger family just arrived in London called the Landesmans.” Initially, the only person they knew in London was the comedian Peter Cook, but their social circle expanded in the 'Swinging London' milieu and their Islington home became the venue for hundreds of parties typical of the era. For "Dearest Dracula", a musical staged at the Dublin Theatre Festival in 1965, he persuaded actor Vincent Price and choreographer Busby Berkeley to participate.
In 1967 he became artistic director of the short-lived Electric Garden, a psychedelic nightclub, but a Yoko Ono happening led to conflict with the management. Later enthusiasms included macrobiotic food and a talent agency Creative Arts Liberated which had the slogan: "We take the sting out of success and put the fun back in failure!" It only had a brief existence, but the Polytantric Press founded in 1977 was more durable.
Lifestyle.
Jay Landesman wrote several volumes of autobiography "Rebel Without Applause" (1987), "Jaywalking" (1993) and "Tales of a Cultural Conduit" (2006). The latter book included his novel version of "The Nervous Set". Cosmo Landesman's own memoir of his family "Star Struck: Fame, My Family and Me" (2008) details his ambivalence about them, their self-promotion ("Hell has no hustler like Jay with a new project"), acid-trips and unconventional lifestyle.
The Landesmans were frank about their preference for an open marriage, and went public in an interview in "The Observer" in 1979, while Fran Landesman appeared in a television documentary "The Infernal Triangle" in 1984. Their son would find himself sharing breakfast with his mother's new boyfriend or father's new girlfriend.
Death.
Jay Landesman died on 20 February 2011, while his wife died the following 23 July. The couple are survived by their two sons, "The Sunday Times" film critic Cosmo, formerly married to the journalist Julie Burchill, and Miles Davis Landesman, named after the jazz trumpeter whom the couple had known. Landesman's papers before 1999 are housed in the Western Historical Manuscripts Collection, University of Missouri-St Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="31044193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044193" title="Put/call ratio">
Put/call ratio

Put/call ratio (or put–call ratio, PCR) is a technical indicator demonstrating investors' sentiment. The ratio represents a proportion between all the put options and all the call options purchased on any given day. The put/call ratio can be calculated for any individual stock, as well as for any index, or can be aggregated. The ratio may be calculated using the numbers of puts and calls or on a dollar-weighted basis.
Generally, a lower reading (~0.6) of the ratio reflects a bullish sentiment among investors as they buy more calls, anticipating an uptrend. Conversely, a higher reading (~1.02) of the ratio indicates a bearish sentiment in the market. However, the ratio is considered to be a contrarian indicator, so that an extreme reading above 1.0 is actually a bullish signal, and vice versa.
Moving averages are used to smooth and normalize the series of ratios.

</doc>
<doc id="31044217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044217" title="Nephtheis fascicularis">
Nephtheis fascicularis

Nephtheis fascicularis, commonly called the lollipop tunicate, lollipop coral, or blue palm coral, is a species of tunicate that is native to the shallow reefs of Indonesia. It is the only species in its genus Nephtheis. They are not photosynthetic, and live on plankton and small organic particles obtained from the water currents. The branched stems are formed by tiny polyps called zooids.

</doc>
<doc id="31044220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044220" title="What It Is (Mal Waldron album)">
What It Is (Mal Waldron album)

What It Is is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1981 and released by the Enja label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 3 stars stating "dauntless piano". 

</doc>
<doc id="31044234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044234" title="Papua New Guinea national futsal team">
Papua New Guinea national futsal team

The Papua New Guinea national futsal team is controlled by the Papua New Guinea Football Association, the governing body for futsal in Papua New Guinea and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31044235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044235" title="Dendrite International, Inc. v. Doe No. 3">
Dendrite International, Inc. v. Doe No. 3

Dendrite International, Inc. v. Doe No. 3, A-2774-00T3 (2001), is a New Jersey Superior Court case in which Dendrite International, Inc., a purveyor of computer software used in the pharmaceutical industry, brought a John Doe lawsuit against individuals who had anonymously posted criticisms of the company on a Yahoo message board. When Presiding Chancery Judge Kenneth MacKenzie rejected one of Dendrite's requests to compel Yahoo to reveal the identity of an anonymous defendant, Dendrite appealed. The appellate court upheld the district court's decision, and in doing so, created a set of guidelines for determining the circumstances under which an anonymous online speaker may be unmasked. This standard has since been applied to other cases, such as "Mobilisa, Inc. v. Doe", "Gallucci v. New Jersey On-Line LLC", "Independent Newspapers v. Brodie", and "The Mortgage Specialists, Inc. v. Implode-Explode Heavy Industries, Inc."
Background.
No uniform standard exists in the United States for determining the circumstances under which an anonymous online speaker may be unmasked. 
The original Superior Court case, "Dendrite International, Inc. v. Does", was a lawsuit brought by Dendrite International, Inc. (since acquired by Cegedim), a company that provided pharmaceutical-industry-specific customer relationship management software, against fourteen anonymous defendants. These individuals had posted messages on a Yahoo message board which Dendrite claimed were breaches of contract, were defamatory and contained trade secrets.
The plaintiffs requested that the court reveal the identity of four of the Does. However, unlike judges in previous similar cases, the trial judge ordered that a notice be posted on the message board alerting the Does that Dendrite was subpoenaing Yahoo, enabling some of the Does to contest the action. In November 2000, the trial judge granted the company's motion to conduct limited discovery to ascertain the identities of Does No. 1 and 2, but denied access to Does 3 and 4.
Doe No. 3's comments were related to alleged changes in the company's accounting practices and discussed the CEO's unsuccessful attempts to sell the company. The trial judge felt that Dendrite had failed to prove that it was harmed by the allegations, and found that the conduct of Does No. 3 and 4 did not warrant the revocation of their constitutional protections. Dendrite appealed the decision with respect to Doe No. 3.
Opinion.
The appellate court affirmed the lower court's opinion, finding that Dendrite's prima facie case did not merit the unmasking of Doe No. 3. The panel cited cases ruling that constitutional free speech protections extend to anonymous or pseudonymous comments made online, and stated that in order for Doe No. 3 to forfeit those protections, Dendrite had to demonstrate that the statements were defamatory in that they were both false and harmful. The court felt that Dendrite had not met these criteria. In measuring harm, the appellate court affirmed the trial court's use of the price of company shares on the stock market in the time period following the posting of the comments.
In making a decision with regards to Doe No. 3, the court set forth five guidelines for judges to follow in future cases when deciding whether to compel disclosure of an anonymous poster's identity: (1) the plaintiff must make good faith efforts to notify the poster and give the poster a reasonable opportunity to respond; (2) the plaintiff must specifically identify the poster's allegedly actionable statements; (3) the complaint must set forth a prima facie cause of action; (4) the plaintiff must support each element of the claim with sufficient evidence; and (5) "the court must balance the defendant's First Amendment right of anonymous free speech against the strength of the prima facie case presented and the necessity for the disclosure of the anonymous defendant's identity." Dendrite's claim was rejected because it failed to produce adequate evidence of the harm element of the defamation claim for the fourth guideline.
These guidelines build upon the summary judgment standard, but provide additional protection in that they allow the court to "balance" the defendant's rights against the strength of the plaintiff's prima facie case. The standard set by this case has been applied to several others, some in states other than New Jersey, including Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="31044238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044238" title="Valigonda">
Valigonda

Valigonda is a Mandal in Nalgonda district, Andhra Pradesh, India. It is located on the banks of Musi River.
Geography.
Valigonda is located at . It has an average elevation of 291 metres (958 ft).
Villages.
The villages in Valigonda mandal include:

</doc>
<doc id="31044242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044242" title="Hamza Anani">
Hamza Anani

Hamza Anani (born 6 January 1988 in Barbacha, Béjaïa Province) is an Algerian professional footballer. He currently plays as a forward for the Algerian Ligue 2 club Olympique de Médéa.

</doc>
<doc id="31044243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044243" title="Timeline of the Egyptian Crisis under the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces">
Timeline of the Egyptian Crisis under the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces

The following is a chronological summary of the major events that occurred during the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, after Hosni Mubarak's resignation as the fourth President of Egypt, on 11 February 2011. This article documents the second wave of the revolution. The second wave began on 12 February 2011 when the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces assumed control of the country and it ended on 30 June 2012, when Mohamed Morsi was sworn in as the fifth President of Egypt.
The inauguration of Morsi led to the third wave of the revolution.
2011.
February.
12–15 February.
A group of activists issued the "People's Communiqué No 1", which imitated the titles of communiqués from the Army. It demanded the dissolution of the cabinet Mubarak appointed on 29 January, the suspension of the parliament elected in late 2010 in a poll that was widely suspected of being rigged, the creation of a transitional presidential council made up of four civilians and one member of the military, the formation of a transitional government to prepare for an election to take place within nine months and a body to draft a new democratic constitution, freedom for the media and syndicates and for the formation of political parties, and the scrapping of military and emergency courts. They also announced the formation of a council to organize mass protests. Curfew was reduced to between midnight and 6:00 Eastern European Time.
The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces issued "Communiqué no. 4" in which they "promised to hand power to an elected, civilian government... also pledged that Egypt would remain committed to all international treaties." Minister of Information, Anas El-Fekky, had been placed under house arrest, and later resigned from his position.
Egypt's stock market regulator said the trading, which was due to start on 13 February, was delayed until 16 February.
Thousands of people also began to clean up Cairo's Tahrir Square, which had been disfigured by 18 days of rallies and sporadic street battles.
The army stated that the constitution was suspended and parliament was dissolved and that it would stay in power until the presidential and parliamentary elections could be held. The High Council of Egyptian Armed Forces had selected its chief to represent the council. The caretaker cabinet appointed by Mubarak would remain until a new cabinet was formed after the elections.
Police in the city of Bani Suef were protesting for better pay and more rights by lying down on a bridge. Hundreds of police also marched in Tahrir Square to show solidarity with the protesters. Waving Egyptian flags, the police demonstrators shouted, "We and the people are one", and said they wanted to "honor the martyrs of the revolution".
Jean-Claude Juncker, the chairman of the Eurogroup, said he would support a freeze on the assets of Hosni Mubarak.
After an inventory was completed, it was determined that a total of 18 artifacts from the Egyptian Museum were missing. About 70 objects were damaged.
It was reported that the secretary-general of the Arab League, Amr Moussa, was to stand down and run in the upcoming elections.
Eight representatives from the demonstrators, including Wael Ghonim and Amr Salama, met with spokespersons of the military and reported that there would be a referendum on changes to the constitution within two months.
Military rulers called for an end to the strikes and protests. Thousands of state employees, including police, transit workers, and ambulance drivers, protested for better pay. In a statement, the ruling military council issued a final warning to the labor unions stating that the armed forces could intervene. They also imposed an outright ban on gatherings and strikes. In addition, the army cleared out most of the remaining demonstrators from Tahrir Square.
Tarek El-Bishry, a retired judge known for his pro-opposition views and his support for a strong independent judiciary, was tasked with setting up the committee to reform the constitution. The changes would be formally announced within ten days.
Adly Fayed, the director of public security at the interior ministry, and Ismail El Shaer, Cairo's security chief, have been fired over their decision to open fire on the demonstrators.
Hillary Clinton has told Al Jazeera that the US is hopeful that Egypt will become a model for democracy in the region.
Amr Moussa announced on 15 February that he would run in the presidential election. The Muslim Brotherhood announced on the same day that it would form the Freedom and Justice Party to run in the parliamentary elections.
16–28 February.
On 17 February, the army stated that it would not field a candidate in the upcoming presidential elections. Four important figures of the former regime were detained on that day: former interior minister Habib el-Adly, former minister of housing Ahmed Maghrabi, former tourism minister Zuheir Garana, and steel tycoon Ahmed Ezz.
On 18 February, Muslim cleric Yusuf al-Qaradawi arrived in Egypt after his exile in Qatar and led the "Victory Day" Friday sermon in Tahrir Square, which was attended by hundreds of thousands of people. Men, who appeared to be Qaradawi's guards, barred Wael Ghonim from joining him on stage. On that same day, Wael Ghonim wrote the following on his Twitter: "I loved Sheikh Qaradawi Khutbah today. Was truly inspired when he said: 'Today I'm going to address both Muslims and Christians. Respect!'"
On 20 February, the constitutional reform committee stated that its work was almost done, and also announced that the caretaker government would soon be reshuffled.
On 21 February, David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, became the first world leader to visit Egypt since Mubarak was ousted as the president. A news blackout was lifted as the prime minister landed in Cairo for a brief five-hour stopover, which had been hastily added to the start of a planned tour of the Middle East.
A government reshuffle took place on 22 February, but the defense, interior, foreign, finance, and justice ministries remained unchanged. New ministers included Yehia el-Gamal as deputy prime minister, the New Wafd Party's Monir Fakhri Abdel Nour as tourism minister, the Tagammu Party's Gowdat Abdel-Khaleq as minister of social solidarity and social justice, and Ismail Ibrahim Fahmy as the new labor minister. The changes were not well-received by the public, because most of Mubarak's former supporters remained in the cabinet, and there were renewed calls for a demonstration to demand the resignation of the interim government. Protesters were also set to return to Tahrir Square to keep up the pressure on the interim government.
March.
Before any large protests against him were planned, Ahmed Shafik stepped down as Prime Minister and was replaced by Essam Sharaf. Sharaf returned to Tahrir Square, which he had also visited during the revolution, to address the Friday mass rally.
The foreign, justice, interior, and oil ministers resigned and three new ministers were named: General and former governor of Minya, Mansour El Essawi, became interior minister; Mohamed Abdel Aziz Al-Guindy became justice minister; and former judge Nabil Elaraby was appointed foreign minister. Secretary General of the New Wafd Party, Monir Fakhri Abdel Nour, remained tourism minister. State television aired footage of the ceremony showing the prime minister and his Cabinet taking the oath before Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi, who heads the ruling military council.
On 5 March, three weeks after Hosni Mubarak was ousted as President, Egyptians turned their anger toward his internal security apparatus by storming the agency's main headquarters and other offices in order to seize documents that would provide evidence of human rights abuses as well as preventing said documents from being destroyed. Following rumors that officials were destroying evidence, 200 protesters stormed the secret police headquarters in Cairo. The closing of the agency has been a key demand of the protesters but one which had not been heeded. Human rights abuses, including torture, were alleged to have been carried out inside it. The protesters stated that they stormed the building to secure evidence as they feared that it might be destroyed. The SSIS was announced dissolved on 15 March 2011, with a new National Security Force replacing it.
A group of youths who participated in the protests announced the formation of the Party of Youths for Change on 6 March 2011.
Mohamed ElBaradei stated on 9 March 2011 that he would run in the presidential elections.
On 19 March, the constitutional referendum was held, with millions of Egyptians turning up to vote on nine proposed amendments to the constitution. Eager for their first free vote, Egyptians formed long lines outside polling centers to cast their ballots on constitutional amendments that were sponsored by the ruling military. In the lead up to the referendum, there was still dispute amongst the political movements and parties in Egypt about whether they should approve or reject the proposed constitutional amendments. 16 of those political parties and movements, including The Alliance of Women's Organizations, announced that they would reject the proposed amendments and call for the creation of a new constitution. The movements also renewed their calls for protests against the amendments to be held. Supporters of the amendments include the Muslim Brotherhood, the Wasat Party, and the Labor Party. The proposed amendments were limited to nine articles, which many deemed to be insufficient as they failed to limit the power of the president, whilst others argued that the amendments were only a temporary measure and as such did not need to include all the changes that were requested, as the Constitution was to be completely redrafted after the parliamentary and presidential elections. This point has proven to be the most contentious with those who oppose the amendments. They claim that a redrafted Constitution will not be representative with the Egyptian presidential candidate Mohamed ElBaradei calling on all Egyptians to reject the proposed constitutional amendments, saying that a "Yes" vote will "provide a parliament not representative of the people, composed mainly of members of the National Democratic Party and benefiting businessmen, the opportunity to uphold a Constitution which is also not representative of the people, and this will take us backwards to a great extent." ElBaradei was assaulted when he showed up at a school in Moqattam to vote.
The final results of the referendum were announced the next day: 77.2% of Egyptians voted "YES" to constitutional amendments, while 22.8% voted "NO". In total, 18,537,954 Egyptians voted out of around 45 million eligible voters, making the turnout 41%.
April.
On 1 April, protesters called for a "Save the Revolution" day in which thousands of demonstrators filled Tahrir Square after Friday prayers demanded that the ruling military council move faster to dismantle lingering aspects of the old regime; it was the largest protest since Mubarak's resignation.
On 3 April, the Muslim Brotherhood called on its members to participate in the demonstrations in Tahrir Square on 8 April. Having withheld support for demonstrations held on 1 April because they coincided with Orphans' Day, the Brotherhood called for a large turnout to pressure the government to pursue cases against members of the old regime who remained in positions of influence after the revolution. The Brotherhood also suggested the name "Friday of Purging" for the event. The next day, employees of the Ministry of Agriculture and the Amonsito Textile Company demonstrated outside cabinet offices.
On 5 April, Egyptian authorities arrested Omneya Soliman, the former housing minister.
On 7 April, the National Association for Change seemed to accept the Brotherhood's proposal, calling for the "Friday of Prosecution and Purging", a million-man march on Tahrir Square, on 8 April. The NAC also proposed holding a mock "people's trial" of the regime figures for whom they demand the prosecution and/or removal of. While Friday protests in Tahrir Square had been a weekly event, million-man protests had not been seen for some time. The following day, protesters called for a "Friday of Cleansing" in which hundreds of thousands of demonstrators filled Tahrir Square again. They criticised the ruling SCAF for not following through on the protesters' previous demands. They called for the resignation of the remaining Mybarak-era figures and the removal of Egypt’s public prosecutor due to the slow pace of investigations of corrupt former officials.
On 9 April, the military used force to break up a camp that protesters had set up in Tahrir Square, as tensions also continued to build between the protesters and the military leadership that were running the country in the interim.
On 12 April, Hosni Mubarak was questioned in hospital by prosecutors. The following day the country's Prosecutor General ordered the detention of Mubarak and his two children, Alaa Mubarak and Gamal Mubarak, for 15 days. A statement from the Attorney General Egyptian published on its "Facebook" page said that the arrest warrant was issued after the prosecution presented the charges against them and in accordance with the development of the criminal investigations around the rioting that led to the fall of the regime.
On 15 April, thousands of protesters again marched from Shoubra to Tahrir in support of minority rights for Coptic christians.
On 16 April, the National Democratic Party was dissolved and its assets transferred to the state. Mubarak's name was also removed from all public places on 21 April 2011.
On 23 April, Egypt ordered the former energy minister to stand trial for the natural gas deal with Israel. Three days later, the pipeline to Israel and Jordan was again attacked.
On 18 April, Iran appointed its first ambassador to Egypt since the Islamic Revolution.
On 29 April, demonstrators in Tahrir Square expressed solidarity with other Arab uprisings.
May.
On 24 May, it was announced that Mubarak and his two sons, Gamal and Alaa, would be tried over the deaths of anti-government protesters. On 28 May, Mubarak was fined $34m (£20m) for cutting off communications services during the uprising.
Egypt also eased the blockade at the Rafah border crossing with Gaza. Women, children, and men over 40 were allowed to pass freely while men aged between 18 and 40 would still require a permit. Though trade across the border remained prohibited, the crossing was opened between 9:00 – 21:00 every day except on Fridays and public holidays. The move was strongly opposed by Israel.
June.
On 6 June, crowds of Egyptians dressed in black held demonstrations to honour Khaled Said, a young man from Alexandria who was beaten to death in 2010 in a savage attack which was blamed on police. This attack helped inspire the uprising that brought down Egypt's president. Pictures of his body, taken by his family in a morgue, caused public outrage that caused the January 2011 uprising. Hundreds of protesters stood side by side on Stanley Bridge in Alexandria in a silent protest commemorating the death of Said. The protesters neither held pictures or banners of Said; they only carried the Egyptian flag. They then marched to Said’s family’s home in Cleopatra. By the time they arrived there, more people joined, and the number of protesters reached about 1,500. They set a big monitor on the street screening a documentary on Said’s case and its development.
On 12 June, Ilan Grapel, accused for being an Israeli spy, was arrested by Egyptian authorities, who claimed that Grapel was sent to Egypt to build a team that had been "trying to gather information and data and to monitor the events of 25 January revolution." The authorities also claimed that Grapel tried to incite violence amongst Egyptian protestors, hoping to spark a face-off with the military "and spread chaos in the Egyptian public and harm the state's political, economic, and social interests." Grapel appears to be the same man who told Haaretz that he moved to Israel three years before its 2006 war with Lebanon and ended up enlisting in the Israeli Defense Force. Israel, however, has denied the reports, stating that "There is no such thing, no Israeli agent has been arrested in Egypt. These reports are false." Friends and relatives of Grapel said that he is a law student in Atlanta with an avid interest in the Middle East, and not a Mossad agent out to sabotage Egypt’s revolution, as Egyptian authorities have charged. His mother said he arrived in Cairo in May, countering implications that he was involved in protests as early as February. The arrest of 27-year-old Ilan Grapel has sparked fears in Israel that relations with Egypt will sour now that Hosni Mubarak has been deposed. Later that year, Egyptian officials admitted Ilan Grapel was not a spy, and he was scheduled for release in exchange for 25 Egyptian prisoners held in Israel.
On 19 June, the military prosecution released the editor-in-chief of Al-Fagr, Adel Hammouda, and journalist Rasha Azab without bail pending further investigation. They were both interrogated on charges of publishing false news that disturbed the peace and negligence in the editorial process. Hammouda was released at around 13 pm, while Azab was released at around 16:30 pm after which she immediately led chants of "down with military rule." Azab had written an article about a meeting between SCAF and prominent members of an advocacy group against military trials for civilians called "No to Military Trials" in which group members provided SCAF with proof and evidence of military violations against civilians. Azab said that Major General Hassan El-Roweiny was astonished when he saw the pictures and testimonies. She added that El-Roweiny apologized to one of the female witnesses for being violated in military prison, adding that individual actions don’t represent the morals or principles of the army.
On 20 June, Mubarak's lawyer, Farid el-Deeb, said that in 2010 the former president underwent "critical surgery" in Heidelberg, Germany to remove his gallbladder and part of his pancreas which were cancerous. el-Deeb told The Associated Press that "there is evidence suggesting that there is a recurrence of cancer and that it has reached the stomach,". He called Mubarak's condition "horrible" and said the former leader "doesn't eat and he loses consciousness quite often." Mubarak is hospitalized in Sharm el-Sheikh, the Red Sea resort where he has been living since he was removed from power.
On 21 June, Egypt's military rulers launched an online poll to test the popularity of potential presidential candidates, a move that could be aimed at judging public opinion for former officials who were trying to run for positions of parliament again. The list includes at least four ex-military officers as well as Islamists, judges, diplomats and others. Most have declared that they will run, including two former officers.
On 22 June, Egypt's cabinet approved a budget for the 2011–2012 fiscal year, boosting spending in social programs to meet the growing demands from the people after the uprising. The budget totals £490.6 billion ($83 billion), reflecting a spending increase of 14.7% over the current fiscal year, while revenues are forecast at $59 billion. On the same day, leaders of the youth wing of the Muslim Brotherhood have split with their elders to form an independent political party. This has deepened the fractures within the group as some of its prominent members have moved towards a more centrist and liberal version of Islamist politics. The new group, the "Egyptian Current Party", is expected to advocate the separation of religion from politics, the protection of individual freedoms and the embrace of Islamic morals and culture without the enforcement of Islamic religious law. Its founders, including Islam Lotfy, Mohamed el-Kasaas and Mohamed Abbas, were amongst the young leaders of the Egyptian revolution and broke with the Brotherhood to help lead the first day of protests that brought down Hosni Mubarak.
On 26 June, John McCain and John Kerry visited Egypt at the head of a U.S. business delegation. Both politicians said that it was in America’s national security interests to see that the uprising succeeded. They said that Washington was not interested in dictating policy to Egypt. Instead, the focus was on finding ways to help the Arab world’s most populous nation boost its economy and address the needs of its people.
On 28 June, Egyptian security forces clashed with around 5,000 protesters in central Cairo. According to witnesses and medical officials, dozens of demonstrators were injured. Clouds of tear gas engulfed Tahrir Square as the security forces battled to regain control of the central plaza from the demonstrators, many of whom had family members who were killed during the revolution. The families were frustrated with what they perceived to be the slow prosecution of security officers who were believed to be responsible for the deaths of some 850 protesters during the 18-day uprising in February. As Tuesday's clashes moved into early Wednesday morning, rocks and shattered glass littered the streets around Tahrir, as protesters chanted "Down with the military junta". The demonstrators used motorcycles to ferry the injured to safety. According to the Health Ministry some 1,036 people were injured, among them at least 40 policemen. Early the next day there were still some demonstrators who were hurling stones at police near the ministry as commuters went to work.
July.
A Facebook page entitled "The Second Egyptian Revolution of Rage" read: "Seeing that the situation, under the leadership of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, is only going from bad to worse, and since the council has proven from day one that public pressure is the most effective policy for achieving the demands of the legitimate revolution, we have decided to take to the streets and squares again and demonstrate throughout Egypt until our demands are met..." On 1 July, tens of thousands of protesters gathered for what they termed the "Friday of Retribution" in Suez, Alexandria and Tahrir Square in Cairo to voice frustrations with the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces for what they perceived to be the slow pace of change five months after Mubarak's ousting.
On 4 July, an explosion at the pipeline near Nagah in the Sinai Peninsula halted natural gas supplies to Israel and Jordan. This was the third attack on Egyptian gas pipelines since Mubarak was removed from power. There was also a failed attempt to attack the pipeline in March.
On 8 July, hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered for what they called the "Friday of Determination" or the "March of the Million" in Suez, Alexandria, Cairo and other cities. They demanded immediate reforms and swifter prosecution of former officials from the ousted government. Revolutionaries in Tahrir square also began another sit-in which is still ongoing.
Most of Egypt's political parties and coalitions supported widespread calls for the protest to be staged across Egypt. The protesters hoped to start a "second revolution". The main demand of these groups is to combine efforts toward achieving the goals of the revolution, including: banning the trial of civilians by military courts; setting a minimum wage; bringing Mubarak, his sons and the senior officials to justice quickly; banning former National Democratic Party (NDP) members from political activity for five years; releasing all political prisoners; purging the police, the legal system, the media, the universities and the banks of members of the former regime; electing new municipal councils; stopping the export of natural gas to Israel; the arrest and trial of those responsible for killing protesters; and restructuring the ministry of interior. An employee of the Suez Canal University said that in Ismailiya, there were also protests for higher wages and stable employment contracts. Protesters also called for the removal of Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, who was said to be emblematic of the old regime.
Several stages have been set up by the Revolution Youth Coalition (a coalition of liberal parties and movements), the Muslim Brotherhood, the Wafd party and leftist parties in order to organise the protests. As the Muslim Brotherhood’s stage was the highest and largest, many protesters complained that they were attempting to gain an unfair advantage over the other political parties. These accusations were also compounded by the Muslim Brotherhood's opposition to a sit-in called by other political groups to pressure the Supreme Council of Armed Forces (SCAF) into meeting their demands. Though the Muslim Brotherhood decided to join the protests only two days before the event, it said that it would avoid the sit-in and leave by 17:00. The event was used to rally support for the various groups by organizing their own tents and passing out paraphernalia.
On 9 July, Minister of Interior Mansour Essawy sacked the head of the Suez Security Police Osama El-Taweel and appointed Adel Abd El-Hamid as his replacement following clashes between families of those killed during the revolution and the Suez police. The clashes, in turn, followed accusations that the head of the Suez police had helped the police officers accused of killing protesters to escape trial after a court ruling released the officers on bail. Prime Minister Essam Sharaf also responded to the protests, saying that any member of the security forces who was accused of killing protesters would be sacked: "I have issued new instructions as a matter of urgency for the minister of interior to suspend any officers implicated in the killing of protesters. I have also demanded a swift return to the highest levels of security on the streets of Egypt to make them safe again and give our citizens the dignity they deserve." On the night of 10 July, gunmen blew up an Egyptian natural gas pipeline to Israel and Jordan in the town of El-Arish in the Sinai Peninsula. This is the fourth time this has occurred this year and the second time in less than a week
On 11 July, Prime Minister Essam Sharaf made a televised statement reassuring protesters that the government would respond to public demands and also included a timeline in which these demands would be met. The changes included a new cabinet to be formed within one week and a change in provincial governors before the end of the month. The protesters responded with calls for a million-man march the following day and continuation of their sit-in in Tahrir Square. The Muslim Brotherhood responded that they will not participate in the sit-in. The next morning the SCAF issued a statement, which was perceived as aggressive.
On 13 July, state television reported that Egypt's government had met a key demand of protesters by firing nearly 700 top police officers in order to cleanse the discredited and widely unpopular force. It was also reported that 37 of the dismissed officers face charges of killing protesters. Among those dismissed were 505 major-generals, including 10 of the interior minister's top assistants, 82 colonels and 82 brigadiers.
On 14 July, Mubarak told prosecutors that he did not order security forces to open fire on protesters during the initial uprising in February. Transcripts of prosecutors questioning Mubarak were published in two Egyptian newspapers, and judicial officials confirmed the authenticity of the documents. Mubarak said he issued clear instructions for police not to use force against the protesters. He also denied charges that he ordered or had knowledge of security forces firing on the demonstrators.
On 16 July, Maj. Gen. Tarek el-Mahdi briefly visited a protest camp in Tahrir Square but left after protesters, some holding shoes in anger, booed him off a stage. He had come to persuade a dozen demonstrators to end a hunger strike which had begun several days ago. El-Mahdi later told state television that he was disappointed that a small crowd of protesters managed to drive him out of the square before he could reach the tent housing the hunger strikers. Prime Minister Essam Sharaf also accepted the resignation of Foreign Minister Mohammed el-Orabi. He then appointed two new deputies, one of which was prominent economist and former head of the U.N. Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia, Hazem el-Biblawi.
On 17 July, Sharaf named 12 new Cabinet members. State television dubbed the new government lineup the "Revolution Cabinet". Most of the ministers were newcomers as the government sought to placate further criticism by the protesters. Despite the cabinet reshuffle, many of the protesters said that they had no intention of calling off their week-old sit-in. One of the members of the "Revolution Cabinet" was the Chief of Antiquities Zahi Hawass. Hawass is a prominent member of Egypt's archaeological community but has been the target of protests himself. These protests were begun by archaeology students who accused him of falsely claiming publicity for himself and corruption. Sharaf also accepted the resignation of Finance Minister Samir Radwan (the reason for his resignation was because his new budget was deemed by many protesters to be too conservative in dealing with the poverty which had been one of the main catalysts of the uprising) and the foreign minister, who was replaced by the former ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Mohammed Kamel Omar. Radwan's position was taken by economist Hazem el-Biblawi, who had also been appointed deputy prime minister. There were also changes in the ministries of transport, military production, higher education, communication, agriculture, health, religious endowments, local development, trade and industry and civil aviation, with ministers being replaced.
On 21 July, the SCAF announced that it would bar foreign monitors in the upcoming parliamentary election because of what it claimed was the preservation of Egyptian sovereignty.
On 23 July, thousands of protesters tried to march to the Defense Ministry of Egypt in Cairo when they were attacked by groups of men wielding knives, sticks, stones and Molotov cocktails. It was the second time in two days that crowds had tried to march to the headquarters located in Heliopolis. The march started moving from Tahrir Square at 4:00 pm, picking up more and more protesters as the march went onto Ramsis and then to the eastern Abbasiya neighbourhood, where it was stopped by army barricades. The march was a reaction to the SCAF accused 6 April Youth Movement and Kefaya of treason and that their movements are harming "national interests" a day earlier. The violence broke out following a televised speech commemorating the 1952 coup by Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi, head of the ruling military council, who attempted to defuse tensions by praising young people who led the uprising that toppled Mubarak. The clashes broke out after civilians threw rocks from rooftops in adjacent buildings. Many in the crowd were thought by protesters to be thugs but some residents of the Abbassiya district were fearful protests in their neighborhood were obstructing business and normalcy. State media said the civilians fighting with the demonstrators were from "people's committees" protecting the neighborhood and the army had maintained all self-restraint, blaming the violence on protesters. Some Abbasiya residents appeared to believe protesters were seeking to create rifts between the army and the people. Military police, armed with Tasers and batons, fired in the air to stop the demonstrators from approaching the Defense Ministry. A Reuters witness said tear gas fumes were wafting outside the area as military helicopters circled overhead. The Health Ministry stated a total of 231 people were wounded in the violence.
August.
On 1 August, the first day of Ramadan, Egyptian soldiers clashed with protesters in Tahrir Square, tearing down tents the activists had used for the sit-in and where hundreds of protesters had been sleeping in the square since 8 July. Egyptian forces swinging electrified batons and shouting the battle cry "God is great" swiftly chased off dozens of activists who had refused to end four weeks of renewed protests at Tahrir Square to pressure the country’s transitional military rulers. Hundreds of riot police backed by armored vehicles and soldiers moved in to tear down the camp of dozens of tents after a group of holdout activists — some of them relatives of people killed in the uprising that toppled Hosni Mubarak in February — refused pleas over loudspeakers to go home. Some in the crowd hurled stones at the police. Protesters' rights groups said that the military police detained 66 people in the process. The removal of the Tahrir sit-in was a calculated political move. Average citizens had been growing weary of the lack of mobility in the central square, so when the military showed up on early Monday afternoon they were met with cheers. Most Egyptians supported the military’s actions.
The trial of Hosni Mubarak and his two sons Ala'a and Gamal, along with former interior minister Habib el-Adly and six former top police officials began on 3 August 2011 at a temporary criminal court at the Police Academy in north Cairo. The charges were corruption and the premediated killing of peaceful protestors during the mass movement to oust him, the latter of which carries the death penalty. The trial was broadcast on Egyptian television, with Mubarak making a surprise first appearance since his resignation, brought in on a hospital bed and held in a cage for the session. Upon reading out the charges to him, Mubarak pleaded not guilty, denying responsibility for the charges against him. Judge Ahmed Refaat adjourned the court, ruling that Mubarak be transferred under continued arrest to the military hospital on the outskirts of Cairo, with the second session scheduled for 15 August.
The trials of Mubarak and el-Adly were separated after the first session, and a second hearing was held for el-Adly's case on 4 August to release evidence regarding the killings of protesters. After hearing the complaints and requests of the defense lawyers, Judge Refaat proceeded to open numerous boxes of evidence for screening before the lawyers and audience. The evidence included documents of the Central Security Forces, their unit formations and organization, operational police logs and details of orders received and carried out during the protests, a jacket and pants of one of the victims of the protests riddled with bullet holes, guns, spent ammunition casings and grenades used during the protests. At the end of the hearing, Judge Refaat adjourned the trial to 14 August.
The conduct of individual defense lawyers in both sessions was widely criticized, being somewhat unruly and disorderly, and Judge Refaat demanded at least once during the second hearing that they assume order. That day, Interior Minister Mansour el-Esawy issued several warnings for police officers not to salute or greet el-Adly and the other accused men, and threatened that he would place the officers under investigation if they did so again.
On Friday, 6 August, protesters gathered in Tahrir once again, this time to hold a funeral prayer for one who died during the Abasseya clashes. Around 200 attended, and were prevented from moving to Tahrir Square. Later during the day, a festive iftar was held in the square by protesters. After finishing, they were attacked by military police and central security forces, who dispersed them using force.
On 14 August, Asmaa Mahfouz was arrested on charges of defaming the Egyptian military junta for calling them a "council of dogs". She was referred to a military court, prompting activists, as well as presidential hopefuls such as Mohamed ElBaradei and Ayman Nour, to protest her being charged in a military court. Mahfouz was released on bail in the amount of 20,000 Egyptian Pounds, equivalent to approximately 3,350 US dollars.
September.
On 9 September, tens of thousands of protesters gathered for what they called the "Friday of Correcting the Path" (or the "Correct the Path") in Suez, Alexandria, Cairo, and other cities, in the absence of supporters of Islamic political movements.
The major demands of the Friday were relieving the Mansour el-Essawy ("The current Minister of the Interior"), maintaining independence of the judiciary, closing the Israeli embassy in Cairo, amending the laws of the People's Assembly and Shura Council, and stopping military trials for civilians that began under the SCAF.
After gathering in Tahrir Square, the protest moved to the MOI, then to the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt, and finally towards the Israeli embassy. The 2011 Israeli embassy attack occurred later in Cairo, when Egyptian protesters entered the Israeli embassy after tearing down the wall surrounding the building that housed it. Police fired tear gas into the crowds. Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said that about 3,000 protesters had torn apart the wall, forcing the Israeli ambassador to Egypt to flee. The military restored a state of emergency; Egyptian activists denounced the political manipulation of doing so.
October.
Late into the evening of 9 October, during a protest that was held in Maspiro, peaceful Egyptian protesters, calling for the dissolution the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, the resignation of its chairman, Field Marshal Mohamed Tantawi, and the dismissal of the governor of Aswan province, were attacked by military police. At least 25 people were killed and more than 200 wounded. The protest began due to an attack on a Coptic Christian church in Merinab village in Aswan on 30 September. Aswan governor Mustafa al-Seyyed said that Copts had built the church without having the proper permits. The 9 October attack was committed by both the Egyptian police force and military police using live ammunition, vehicles to run over protesters and extensive rounds of tear gas were fired.
The Army also stormed Al-Hurra TV station and 25 January TV stations, and took them off air. The State Media, which has become biased to military junta, asked on "honorable" Egyptians to protect the army against attacks by "Coptic protesters" even though the protesters were not only Copts.
November.
In November 2011, dissatisfied with the progress of the reforms, almost all civilian political parties called for an accelerated end to the military rule before drafting a constitution — either an immediate handover to a civilian-led government, or a turnover to the lower house of Parliament when it is seated in April, or after a presidential election, which would be scheduled as soon as possible. A major difference between Egyptian revolutionaries is that secular groups want the election to be postponed since they believe that the election would favor religious parties and well established groups like the Muslim Brotherhood while those parties want the parliamentary elections to be held on time. On the other hand they are united in their demand that the military should get out of politics and stop imposing restrictions on the future constitution and allow democratically elected representatives of Egyptians to freely write the new constitution.
The protesters are demanding the SCAF to step down from governing and politics, and hand over the authority to civilians. Other demands include banning former members of Hosni Mubarak's regime from running in the next election, and rejection of the military's super-constitution (which restricts the power of the future elected representative in writing the new constitution, gives the military the power to select up to 80 percent of the membership committee that writes the new constitution, and removes the possibility of civilian control of the military and Egypt's foreign policy which will allow the military to act as a state within a state in Egypt, a system similar to Turkey's Deep State before democratic reforms). The protesters state that the situation has not improved during the last 10 months under military government. Media and freedom of expression has become even more restricted, civilian political activists are being tried in military courts for insulting military, human rights situation has not improved, the emergency law (which gives government extra-ordinary powers and the right to ignore laws) continues, and the military junta continues to use the same methods that Mubarak was using. They are also angry at Field Marshal Tantavi's statement announced on TV which implies that military wants to remain involved in politics and will not return to barracks even after presidential elections.
On 19 November, two people were killed and 600 wounded in violent clashes after mass protests in Tahrir Square against the military junta regime. The protests started in reaction to the military unilaterally announcing a super-constitution that representatives elected for writing the constitution will not be able to change.
Egyptian medics say a police and army assault on anti-government protesters in Cairo has killed at least three people, raising the death toll in Egypt to at least five killed in two days of unrest. Police in Cairo lobbed teargas into crowds of protesters angry at the military government’s continued role in political life. Demonstrators kept control of Tahrir Square Sunday morning, and vowed to keep their revolution alive.
Protesters demanding faster reforms and establishment of civilian government took to the Tahrir square in Cairo, and also in other cities, and clashed with the security forces. On 21 November 2011, after several days of violent demonstrations in which more than 33 protesters lost their lives and over 1,500 were wounded, the provisional government offered its resignation to the supreme military council in reaction to the use of force against the protesters.
At a crisis meeting on 22 November 2011 between the political and the military leaders, the parties agreed for a new interim government to be formed, and to proceed with the scheduled parliamentary election on 28 November, with a goal of holding a presidential election before the end of June 2012. Also on the same day, the US State Department condemned the excessive use of force against the demonstrators by the Egyptian security forces.
December.
Since Kamal Ganzouri was appointed prime minister, there has been a three-week protest sit-in, outside a government building near Tahrir square. 
In the morning of 16 December 2011, the army attempted to forcefully disperse the protesters. In the following days, 7 people were killed and violence has escalated.
On 19 December, Hillary Clinton US Secretary of State in a speech at Georgetown University in Washington, denounced the stripping and beating of a female protester and said that 'recent events in Egypt have been particularly shocking' and "women are being beaten and humiliated in the same streets where they risked their lives for the revolution only a few short months ago."
On 20 December, thousands of Egyptian women demonstrated against abuses by military police.
2012.
January.
On 5 January 2012, a prosecutor in the trial of Hosni Mubarak demanded that Mubarak be hanged, for the killing of protesters, during the 2011 uprising, that toppled his regime.
On 11 January, the parliamentary elections were officially over.
On 24 January, the leader of Egypt, Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, announced that the decades-old State of Emergency would be partially lifted, the following day.
February.
On 1 February, 73 people were killed at a football game, in a stadium in Port Said. The riots began when fans of the team El Masry invaded the stadium, some of them carrying knives, and attacked fans of the rival team, Al Ahly. Initial media reports stated that more than 70 people were killed, with the death toll rising.
Numerous protests then took place, following this event. On Thursday, 2 February, protesters took to the streets of Cairo, enraged by the fact that the lax security had failed in preventing this tragedy from happening. Some of the protesters were heard chanting that Tantawi should be executed. The police then deployed tear gas, on the protesters.
March.
On 17 March, Pope Shenouda III died, at the age of 88. His passing greatly affected the entire nation of Egypt, and especially the Coptic Christian community.
On 24 March, numerous protesters took to the streets, angry that the football team El-Masry was banned for two more seasons, following the riots last month. The army then attacked the protesters. At least one person was killed, and at least 18 others were injured.
April.
On 20 April, hundreds, possibly even thousands, of protesters once again gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, demanding that the country's military rulers transfer power to a civilian government, sooner. They also wanted the Field Marshal, and leader of Egypt's military, Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, to step down.
On 14 April, several candidates in the upcoming presidential election were disqualified, for various reasons.
May.
On 23–24 May, the first round of voting in the presidential elections took place. Many people went to the polls, to vote. The two candidates with the highest amount of votes were the Muslim Brotherhood's replacement candidate, Mohamed Morsi, and Hosni Mubarak's last Prime Minister, Ahmed Shafik.
On 31 May, the decades-old State of Emergency was finally completely lifted, in Egypt.
June.
On 2 June, former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was sentenced to life in prison, for complicity in the killings of protesters by police, during the revolution that eventually toppled him, in 2011. However, the judge also found him not guilty, on corruption charges. This, and the fact that he had not received the death penalty, led numerous protesters to immediately take to the streets, directly after the verdict was announced. 
On 14 June, Egypt's Constitutional Court ruled that a law preventing members of Hosni Mubarak's former government from running for President was unconstitutional, therefore letting Ahmed Shafik remain in the presidential race. The court also ruled that the mainly Islamist-led Parliament, should be dissolved. Both of these verdicts also led to protests, as well.
On 16–17 June, the second round of voting in the presidential elections took place. Both candidates claimed that they had won the election, and each accused the other of cheating. The results of the presidential election were initially going to be officially announced, on Thursday, 21 June. However, this date was later postponed.
On 18 June, the Muslim Brotherhood announced that its candidate, Morsi, had won the election. On the same day, the ruling military junta, (which is scheduled to transfer power to the newly elected President on 30 June), made a statement, in which they severely restricted the powers, of the Presidency. This led to huge protests in Tahrir Square, the biggest since those that eventually ousted Mubarak, more than a year earlier. Many of the protesters were members of the Muslim Brotherhood.
On 19 June, the protests continued. Protesters rallied in Tahrir Square in Cairo, accusing the SCAF of planning a coup, and demanding that it back down.
The results of the presidential election were officially announced on 24 June 2012. It was announced that Morsi had narrowly beat Shafik, gaining 52% of the votes, while Shafik got 48% of them. Right after the announcement, Morsi supporters in Tahrir Square celebrated their victory. It has also been noted that this is the first time since Hosni Mubarak's resignation, on 11 February 2011, that celebrations of this magnitude have occurred, in Egypt. However, even after the results of the presidential election were announced, numerous protesters still remained, in Tahrir Square. They were protesting the apparent power grab by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces.
On 30 June 2012, Morsi was sworn in as the fifth President of Egypt. This marked the first time in Egypt's history that a civilian president has been elected by the people. In the past, all of the other presidents were either from the military or had a military background.
The inauguration of Morsi led to the third wave of the revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="31044279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044279" title="2011 TSL season">
2011 TSL season

The 2011 AFL Tasmania TSL premiership season was an Australian Rules Football competition staged across Tasmania, Australian over eighteen (18) roster rounds and six (6) finals series matches between 2 April and 24 September 2011.
The League is known as the Wrest Point Tasmanian State League under a commercial naming-rights sponsorship agreement with Wrest Point Casino in Hobart and Federal Group. 
On 8 August 2011, AFL Tasmania ruled that official records from the previous TFL Statewide League, TSFL and SWL competitions were now declared null and void in respect to the current TSL and that records would start from 2009 onwards. (1)
2011 Tasmanian State League Ladder.
Season Opener (Part Round 3).
(Saturday, 2 April 2011) 
Round 2.
(Saturday, 16 April & Sunday, 17 April 2011) 
Round 3.
(Friday, 22 April & Saturday, 23 April 2011) 
Round 4.
(Saturday, 30 April & Sunday, 1 May 2011) 
Round 6.
(Saturday, 21 May & Sunday, 22 May 2011) 
Round 10.
Note: Hobart Football Club's record losing margin at the TCA Ground. 
Round 13.
Note: Burnie Dockers wore the original Cooee Football Club uniform to honour its 1961 premiership anniversary. 
Note: South Launceston wore the original City-South red and white playing uniform. 
Round 17.
Note: Brian Finch (Launceston) kicked his 100th goal during the 4th Quarter. 
Round 18.
Note: Lauderdale wore their original white and navy hooped Cats strip in honour of their sole 1991 premiership anniversary. 
First Semi Final.
(Saturday, 10 September 2011) 
Preliminary Final.
(Friday, 16 September 2011) 

</doc>
<doc id="31044284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044284" title="Spartan 8W Zeus">
Spartan 8W Zeus

__NOTOC__
The Spartan 8W Zeus, also designated FBW-1 Zeus was a military aircraft produced in small numbers in the United States in the late 1930s, based on the airframe of the Spartan Executive civil aircraft. It was a conventional low-wing monoplane of metal construction, with a semi-monocoque fuselage and a cantilever wing. Two crewmembers sat in tandem beneath an extensively-glazed canopy, and the main units of the tailwheel undercarriage were retractable. Fitted with a fixed, forward-firing machine gun, a flexible tailgun, and capacity for light bombs under the wings, Spartan offered the Zeus to the USAAC for testing as an advanced trainer. Although no orders followed, Spartan sold a number of examples to Mexico and China. 

</doc>
<doc id="31044333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044333" title="Karingannoor">
Karingannoor

Karingannoor is a small township of Velinalloor village in the Kottarakara Taluk, Kollam District of Kerala, India. It is surrounded by several small places: Puthuserry, Atoorkonam, Thannimoodu, Alumoodu, Mottarkunnu, Puthanvila,504 and Ezhamkutty.
Public Facilities.
The main centers of public activity in Karingannoor lower and upper primary schools, Velinalloor BSNL office, a post office Pin 691516, Indian Overseas Bank Kringannoor 2466432, The Velinalloor Service Co-operative Bank LTD NO.2873, Velinalloor Agriculture Office, four temples, and a social service club centralizing in Karingannoor.

</doc>
<doc id="31044348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044348" title="New Caledonia national futsal team">
New Caledonia national futsal team

The New Caledonia national futsal team is the representative team for New Caledonia in international futsal competitions. It is controlled by the Fédération Calédonienne de Football.

</doc>
<doc id="31044377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044377" title="Haplosclerida">
Haplosclerida

The Haplosclerida are an order of demosponges. This order includes freshwater sponges. It contains the following suborders and families:

</doc>
<doc id="31044398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044398" title="Lucienne Bisson">
Lucienne Bisson

Lucienne Bisson (1880–1939) was a French artist.
Bisson was born in Paris. She was the illegitimate daughter of Pierre-Auguste Renoir (1841–1919) and Frédérique Vallet-Bisson, a French painter who was leading the Société Féminine des Artistes.
Lucienne Bisson exhibited her works in many French Salons, among them the Salon des Indépendants. She is famous for her Paris city views, beautiful landscapes and colorful still lifes. For instance, Bisson made a painting that captured the "heavy atmosphere" on a cloudy Paris street in 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="31044401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044401" title="Galit">
Galit

Galit (גלית) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31044414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044414" title="Henry Westenra, 4th Baron Rossmore">
Henry Westenra, 4th Baron Rossmore

Henry Cairns Westenra, 4th Baron Rossmore of Monaghan (14 November 1851 – 28 March 1874) was an Anglo-Irish soldier and peer who was briefly a member of the House of Lords before his death at the age of 22 in a riding accident.
Life.
The son of Henry Westenra, 3rd Baron Rossmore (1792–1860), by his second marriage to Josephine Julia Helen Lloyd, the daughter of Henry Lloyd of County Tipperary and of Harriet Amelia Carden, Rossmore was born in 1851. He had two sisters and three brothers: Frances Kathleen (died 1925), Norah Josephine Harcourt (died 1934), Derrick Westenra, 5th Baron Rossmore (1853–1921), Richard Hamilton (1854–1880), and Peter Craven (1855–1932).
On 1 December 1860, when he was only nine, his father died and he succeeded to the titles of Baron Rossmore in the peerage of Ireland and Baron Rossmore in the peerage of the United Kingdom, the second giving him a seat in the House of Lords as soon as he reached the age of twenty-one. He also inherited large estates in County Monaghan, and from his father's first wife, Anne Douglas-Hamilton (c. 1796–1844), a natural daughter of the Duke of Hamilton and Brandon (1756–1799), a further estate in the Aran Islands.
Rossmore joined the 1st Life Guards, a cavalry regiment of the British Army. He died in a riding accident on 28 March 1874 and was buried in the family vault at Rossmore Park. His younger brother Derrick thus succeeded unexpectedly to the titles and estates. The house was abandoned in the 1940s, fell into a ruin, and was demolished in 1975. 

</doc>
<doc id="31044421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044421" title="Virginia Association">
Virginia Association

The Virginia Association was a series of non-importation agreements adopted by Virginians in 1769 as a way of speeding economic recovery and opposing the Townshend Acts. Drafted by George Mason and passed by the Virginia House of Burgesses in May 1769, the Virginia Association was a way for Virginians to stand united against continued British taxation and trade control. The Virginia Association served as the framework and precursor to the larger more powerful Continental Association.
Background.
The adoption of the Virginia Association resolutions was preceded by a push from northern Virginians for expanded domestic industry. Starting in the mid-1760s, most Virginians were heavily impacted by a minor economic recession. The economic downturn was a result of the severe costs of the French and Indian War in addition to local climate difficulties, which had led to a series of poor crop yields. The economic struggles for many Virginians were exacerbated by the passage of the Stamp Act. The colonist reaction in Virginia was to encourage domestic manufacturing growth and economic diversification. After the passage of the Townshend Acts in 1767, general sentiment in Virginia pushed eagerly for some action.
It is important to note that the Virginia Association was adopted, less because of the question of political rights, but more because of the worsening depression and the need for domestic manufacturing. George Washington, at the time, a plantation owner in northern Virginia, promoted the implementation of some sort of non-importation scheme and conveyed his thoughts to his neighbor, George Mason. Washington contended that if the scheme was adopted on a large scale, the benefits would outweigh the costs of the loss of British imports. Mason, along with Washington and Richard Henry Lee, spent several weeks formulating the language of a non-importation association directed more towards economic recovery than to the defense of constitutional principles.
Gathered at the Raleigh Tavern (run by Anthony Hay) in Williamsburg, VA, the House of Burgesses, on May 17, began discussing the Mason draft. After amending some of the articles and the preamble, the House of Burgesses, which was made up two representatives from each of the countries, proceeded to pass the Virginia Association resolutions.
Content and Effects.
In the preamble of the Virginia Association resolutions, it was declared that the “Townshend Acts were unconstitutional and destructive to the cause of liberty.” The preamble also emphasized the hard times faced by Virginian plantation owners. As part of the agreement, colonists were prohibited from purchasing, after September 1, 1769, any article on a long list of enumerated goods. However, because there were some goods that could not be replaced by Virginia manufacturers, the signers made exceptions for coarse and cheap goods.
The association was also given the power to call future meetings. A meeting of one hundred signers was necessary to revise the terms of the agreement unless the British Parliament met the specific demands that were detailed in the Association resolutions.
The Association was not as successful as initially intended because there were many merchants who did not follow the boycott. British exports to the colonies declined by 38% in 1769, but British producers remained profitable because certain merchants failed to adhere to the conditions. After Britain lifted the Townshend duties from all items except tea, the Association gradually weakened, and finally collapsed in 1771.

</doc>
<doc id="31044430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044430" title="New Cairo British International School">
New Cairo British International School

The New Cairo British International School (NCBIS) was established in 1978 by a group of parents, most of whom were connected with the World Health Organisation (WHO). The school has operated since that time as a "non-profit organisation" under the auspices of the Heliopolis Society for the Cultural and Social Care of English Speaking Foreigners (‘The Society’), and is managed through a Board of Directors "elected" from amongst the parent community.

</doc>
<doc id="31044432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044432" title="Calvin Tucker's Redneck Jamboree">
Calvin Tucker's Redneck Jamboree

"Calvin Tucker's Redneck Jamboree" is a minigame compilation video game developed by Humagade and published by Zoo Games for Nintendo's Wii. It was released in North America on December 19, 2008, and in Europe on March 27, 2009. It received mostly negative reviews, which focused on its lack of content and poor gameplay.
Gameplay.
"Redneck Jamboree" features twelve minigames which the player can participate in based on redneck activities. The game requires the player to play through the first six games repeatedly in order to unlock the other six. The player is able to spend bottle caps earned from getting high scores on games on further minigames. The minigames include "Backyard Shooting", where the player shoots at objects with the Wii Remote, and a minigame which requires the player to explode fish out of water. Most of the games use the Wii remote's motion controls. The multiplayer mode allows for friends to play on the same screen. Each player takes turns playing a single player game for multiplayer, and compete to gain the highest score.
Reception.
"Redneck Jamboree" received negative reviews from critics, who focused on the game's lack of content and poor gameplay; it received a 30.5% from GameRankings. IGN's Aaron Thornton called the game, "just a few simple mini-games thrown together in a lackluster package." He gave a token compliment to the game's variety, however, stating, "The mini-games are all pretty bad, but at least they're bad for a variety of reasons." GameZone criticized the game's initially restricted content, feeling that the decision to restrict players from all the games upon initially starting the game was a, "bad game design decision".

</doc>
<doc id="31044450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044450" title="Conopomorpha flueggella">
Conopomorpha flueggella

Conopomorpha flueggella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Tianjin).
Adult.
The wingspan is 8-15.5 mm. The head is grey to greyish brown and the frons is greyish white. The thorax and tegula are dark brown. The forewing is narrow and the costal and dorsal margins are nearly parallel. The ground color is greyish brown to dark brown. The hindwing and cilia are greyish brown and the abdomen is grey, although the first two segments are shining white. It is similar to "Conopomorpha litchiella", but distinguishable by the uniformly greyish brown to dark brown forewing with three pairs of stripes and differences in the genitalia. Furthermore, in "Conopomorpha litchiella", the forewing is whitish yellow in distal portion and the larva is yellowish green.
Egg.
The egg is flat, elliptic and about 0.3 mm in length and 0.2 mm in width. There is a transparent membrane in the surface and an irregular meshy stripe on the egg shell. It is milky white and semitransparent but turns straw yellow when close to hatching. 
Larva.
Young instar larva are flat, yellowish white, semitransparent and with distinct segments. Mature larva are 5.5-7.0 mm. The head is deep brown and the anterior half to two-thirds of each segment on the thorax and abdomen is red, while the remainder is white.
Pupa.
The pupa is 4-6 mm, fusiform and greenish yellow in the early pupal stage, changing gradually to yellowish brown and eventually blackish brown before eclosion.
Cocoon.
The cocoon is 7-9 mm, white, flat elliptic, with some white grains attached on surface.
Life history.
There are two generations per year in Tianjin, China. Mature larvae quit the fruits of their foodplant before they are ripe and pupate on leaves or leaf litter. The pupal stage lasts from nine to twelve days. Adults of the second generation hibernate. Adults occur from May to the first ten days of June, and from the last ten days of June to the first ten days of August. Adults can emerge during the whole day, but the peak occurs in the morning. The mating occurs usually in the morning. At night, the moths are actively drinking nectar and ovipositing. A parasitic Ichneumonid species was reared from pupae collected in the field. 
Foodplant.
The larvae feed on the seeds of "Flueggea suffruticosa".

</doc>
<doc id="31044464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044464" title="Henry Westenra">
Henry Westenra

Henry Westenra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31044477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044477" title="The State bank">
The State bank

The State bank (Төрийн банк) was established by government of Mongolia from the assets of 2 failed banks, Anod Bank and Zoos Bank, of Mongolia in November 24, 2009. It has about 201 to 500 employees. In July 2013, the government of Mongolia combined the 5th-largest bank, Savings Bank, with the State Bank after Savings Bank failed due to a large bad loan to its parent company, Just Group, and previous losses from acquiring Mongol Post Bank, at a cost to the state of $122 million. All 503 branches and 1.7 million customers were transferred to State Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="31044483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044483" title="Kentrochrysalis consimilis">
Kentrochrysalis consimilis

Kentrochrysalis consimilis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the southern part of the Russian Far East, eastern China, North Korea, South Korea and central and southern Japan.
The wingspan is 62–72 mm. It is similar to "Kentrochrysalis streckeri", but can be distinguished by the less dentate forewing upperside discal lines and the two distinct antemedian lines, ending at the inner margin in a blackish patch that is prolonged basad.
Adults are on wing from late April to early August in Korea.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Ligustrum obtusifolium" in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="31044492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044492" title="Nigel S. Wright">
Nigel S. Wright

Nigel S. Wright (born May 18, 1963) is a Canadian businessman and lawyer. He served as the thirteenth Chief of Staff of the Office of the Prime Minister of Canada, from September 2010 to May 2013.
Prior to his appointment as chief of staff, Wright was the managing director of Onex Corporation, and is considered a bit of a star on Bay Street. Wright has law degrees from Harvard Law School and the University of Toronto Faculty of Law, and previously served in Brian Mulroney's office, as a speech writer and policy advisor.
In the Hill Times annual ranking of the top 100 Most Influential People in Government and Politics, Wright placed sixth in 2012 and in Maclean’s 25 Most important People in Ottawa he placed fifth in 2012.
Wright resigned from his most recent government role after it was reported that he had given money to help Senator Mike Duffy repay the government for ineligible housing expenses. The RCMP on April 15, 2014 indicated there was no basis for criminal charges and would close their investigation on Mr. Wright. In reply, Mr. Wright through his counsel Peter Mantas, stated ""My intention was to secure the repayment of taxpayer funds. I believed that my actions were always in the public interest and lawful. The outcome of the RCMP's detailed and thorough investigation has now upheld my position.""
Early life.
Born in Hamilton, the son of an engineering technician, Wright was raised in Burlington and spent some time in England. He graduated "With High Distinction" from the University of Toronto's Trinity College with a B.A. degree in Politics and Economics, where his classmates included Jim Balsillie, Malcolm Gladwell, Tony Clement, Andrew Coyne, Patricia Pearson, and author and political strategist John Duffy. Wright was noted early on as a talented student. A political opponent and former classmate said that "back in the day, the question was "‘Will Nigel be on the Supreme Court or be prime minister?’ He worked harder than anybody and he was pretty much the smartest guy in the room." Jim Balsillie, the co-founder of BlackBerry Ltd, remembered thinking that he would have to "seriously up inspiration levels if [he was going to keep up with this kid." Bestselling English-Canadian author Malcolm Gladwell recalls him as “an exceedingly decent, sweet and good-natured person,” who appeared more mature and directed than his peers. “He just seemed like he had a much clearer sense of who he was than the rest of us.”
At college, Wright was a campus activist for Brian Mulroney and co-founded the University of Toronto Magazine; as editor, he emerged as an admirer of Margaret Thatcher. Wright went on to earn a LL.B (Honours) at the University of Toronto Law School in 1988 and LL.M. at Harvard Law School. Robert Prichard, chair of Torys LLP and former head of University of Toronto’s law school, called Mr. Wright “among the very best and brightest of his generation.”
Often described by peers as a reclusive yet diligent 'workaholic,' he has run half-marathons every morning for decades, suggesting an "unbelievably strong sense of control."
Personal faith.
Having served as sub-deacon and warden, he is an active member of the Anglican Church of Canada and proponent of the Anglo-Catholic movement, which asserts the Catholic roots of Anglicanism; he attends St. Barnabas Church of the Diocese of Ottawa.
In Toronto, people who know him from his work at St. Thomas's Anglican Church (Toronto) all say he is a straight arrow, honourable and committed to public service.
As a young man, Wright contemplated joining the Anglican priesthood. During his time as a subdeacon at St. Thomas’s Anglican Church, he was granted semi-private audiences with both Pope Benedict XVI, and his predecessor, John Paul II; and a few years ago he accompanied a group led by Father Raymond J. de Souza, Roman Catholic chaplain at Queen’s University, on a tour of holy sites in Israel.
Early years in politics.
In 1984, and barely into his twenties, Wright took a phone call from Brian Mulroney. Mulroney asked if he would consider taking a hiatus from law school at the University of Toronto to work as a speechwriter and serve as assistant to Charley McMillan, senior policy adviser. After agreeing to take the job, Wright told his Trinity College friend Kevin Adolphe, “I feel a duty to the country." After graduating law school, Wright served another brief stint with Mulroney in Ottawa, and worked as policy coordinator during the run-up to Kim Campbell’s 132-day reign as prime minister.
Charitable work.
Wright has committed his time to three major charities: LOFT Community Services, which provides housing for people in need; Out of the Cold, a multi-denominational program for the homeless; and Camp Oochigeas, a Muskoka facility that caters to children with cancer. As board chair, Wright spearheaded a major fundraising campaign. He still sits on an advisory committee, and, more notably, used to volunteer a week of his summer vacation every year to work with the kids on the site. Until recently, he also sat on the board of The MasterCard Foundation, which funnels millions of dollars into micro-financing ventures in the developing world.
During his work in PMO, Wright pulled back from active participation but was known to have asked staff members who travel to collect shampoo bottles provided by hotels for use in a women’s shelter.
Law career.
After graduating, Nigel Wright flirted with academia, but instead went on to be called to the bar – he had been wanting to be a lawyer. He joined Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg and was instrumental in the success of one of the most complicated construction projects in Canadian history : the multi-billion dollar Confederation Bridge between Prince Edward Island and New Brunswick. “We went to war for about four years to get that done,” says Bill Ainley, a senior partner at Davies, which worked for the developers. “It is … probably the most difficult project I ever did, and I couldn’t have done it without Nigel.”
He was made a partner with the firm after only five years, the minimum then allowed.
Business career.
Working on an acquisition deal for Onex Corporation had brought Wright to the attention of its chief executive officer Gerry Schwartz who had been impressed with Wright and took him under his wing, praising his judgement and character. Wright climbed the ladder at Onex, the largest private sector employer in Canada, and eventually became a managing director with the firm. Schwartz has said “He has the right amount of caution; caution exceeding enthusiasm,” plus, “people like him. He’s very easy to work with, and that’s very important in our business.”
While at Onex Corp., Wright served on several boards of executives. He served as a Director of Indigo Books & Music Inc. from 2001 April 1, 2006. He served as Vice President of Spirit Holdings from December 2004 to November 2006 and served as its Secretary and Treasurer from December 2004 to June 2006. He was named a Director of Spirit Holdings in February 2005. Mr. Wright served as a Director of Res-Care Inc. from June 2004 to November 7, 2006. He served as an Executive Officer of Magnatrax Corporation. Mr. Wright served as a Director of Hawker Beechcraft, Inc., the direct parent company of Hawker Beechcraft Acquisition Company LLC from March 2007 to October 22, 2010. Wright served as a Vice President of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc. and was named a Director in February 2005.
On Bay Street, Mr. Wright is known for his grasp of the economy and his prodigious work ethic. "Nigel is the hardest working person I have ever met," said Dan Nowlan, a senior investment banker at CIBC World Markets. Duncan Dee, Air Canada's chief operating officer, characterized Mr. Wright as a "patriot" who has a "very good nose for the economy and politics and where the two intersect." Peter Munk, chairman and founder of Barrick Gold, stated “I’d rank Nigel Wright among the mere handful of people I’ve met in whom I have complete trust.”
Onex has recently announced Mr. Wright will re-join the firm heading it's new London office.
Political involvement.
Involved in Conservative politics from his days in college, he gravitated between the Tory and Reform parties for years, trying to draft Stephen Harper to unite the then-divided right-wing forces. He was eventually successful, and became a founding director of the Conservative Fund Canada, the party's financial arm, as well as a director of Preston Manning's think tank in Calgary. Finally, in 2010, Wright was drafted by Stephen Harper to replace Guy Giorno as his chief of staff. In accepting the position, Wright left behind a seven figure salary for a job described by Derek Burney as "exhilarating but more strenuous than anything else I did in the public or private sector". The appointment attracted pointed criticism and questions about his ties to Bay Street; many in the opposition feared that he was too close to the private sector. During his appointment hearing, NDP MP Pat Martin told him that "Every move you make, every breath you take puts you in a conflict of interest." Before starting the job, he had to negotiate with the Ethics Commissioner an "ethical wall" designed to insulate him from his holdings and other interests.
Chief of Staff.
As the Prime Minister's right hand man, the "elusive" Wright became one of the most powerful players in Ottawa. He has led many of the Prime Minister's big priorities, from the high-profile talks about the trans-Pacific free trade zone, to drafting the policy that limits foreign investment by state-owned enterprises in the oil sands. He was instrumental in the negotiating of skills training arrangement with the provinces, and took over the International Trade file from minister Ed Fast.
Wright disclosed in writing to investigators that during his time in PMO he did not file a single expense claim, paying all his flights, hotels, meals and other costs from his own pocket. Investigators were told that it cost him tens of thousands of dollars, but, thanks to his corporate career, he could afford it, and that Wright held the belief that taxpayers should not bear the cost of his position if he was able legitimately to fund it himself.
Resignation.
In May 2013, Wright resigned from the position in spite of the advice of the Prime Minister. In late February, 2013, it is alleged that Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s former special counsel and legal adviser Benjamin Perrin drafted a letter of understanding between Wright and Duffy. Perrin denied involvement in a May 2013 statement. Wright then wrote a cheque of $90,172 to Senator Mike Duffy, covering the cost of improperly claimed residency expenses. A Conservative Party spokesman confirmed the money was a gift from Wright, with no expectation of repayment; Duffy used the money to repay the Government of Canada for the expenses improperly claimed. Duffy then refused to meet with independent auditors or supply financial records in relation to the subsequent investigation in the claimed expense controversy. Shortly before his resignation, the Ethics Commissioner confirmed it was investigating Wright for his involvement with Duffy and for the illegal repayment of these expenses. An RCMP affidavit filed in order to justify an Information to Obtain direction has suggested that Wright was guilty of the charge of Frauds on the Government. On October 28, 2013, PM Harper stated in an interview that Wright did not resign, but was in fact dismissed.
Wright has decided to stay in Ottawa until the RCMP wraps up its investigation of the senate. In the meantime, Wright spends a part of his time volunteering at a soup kitchen to feed the homeless.

</doc>
<doc id="31044503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044503" title="Ramannapeta">
Ramannapeta

Ramannapeta is a Mandal in Nalgonda district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Ramanapeta is located at . It has an average elevation of 304 metres (1000 ft).
transport.
Ramannapet village is located on nalgonda-bhongir state highway.it is very near to
hyderabad-vijayawada national highway.
and have braudgauge railway line secunderabad-nadikudi.ramannapeta was a taluka and also an assembly constituency from1952-2009.
economically backward area.people mainly agricultural labour.
Industry.
agricultural based industry like ricemills only.
Educational institutions.
up to degree level institutions established by government.
Govt Degree College, Govt Junior College
SRI HINDU JUNIOR AND DEGREE COLLEGE 
NALANDA JUNIOR COLLEGE
ALPHA SCHOOL 
MOTHER THERESA SCHOOL
VVHS
DON BOS
Health.
one government area hospital is available here.
Villages.
The villages in Ramannapeta mandal include. village first persons

</doc>
<doc id="31044507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044507" title="Anne-Wil Lucas">
Anne-Wil Lucas

Antoinette Wilhelmina (Anne-Wil) Lucas-Smeerdijk (born January 10, 1975 in Warnsveld) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) she has been an MP since June 17, 2010. She focuses on matters of higher education, science and the flood control in the Netherlands.
Lucas studied urban planning at Wageningen University.

</doc>
<doc id="31044518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044518" title="Narda (disambiguation)">
Narda (disambiguation)

Narda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31044553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044553" title="Hyménée">
Hyménée

Hyménée is a 1947 French drama film directed by . Starring Gaby Morlay, Maurice Escande, and Pierre Magnier, the film was shot in Bordeaux at the Studios de la Côte d'Argent in Gironde.
Plot.
Although Pierre is married, he is in love with his sister in law Marianne, while he is loved by his cousin Agnés, a spinster. Marianne loves him but she prefers to marry Rémy, and ultimately Agnés leaves Pierre to his wife and kids.

</doc>
<doc id="31044555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044555" title="Marcel Deiss">
Marcel Deiss

Marcel Deiss is a French wine grower and producer. It is based in Bergheim, in the Alsace wine region of France.
History.
The Deiss family came to Bergheim in 1744 and took up grape growing in the area shortly afterward.
The current domaine was started in 1947 by Marcel Deiss after returning from the Second World War.
The estate is currently run by the grandson of the founder, Jean-Michel Deiss and his wife Clarisse Deiss, with winemaking input from oenologist Marie-Hélène Cristofaro. Jean-Michel took over the estate in 1973 after graduating from an oenology course at university.
Wines.
The domaine currently owns around 26 hectares of vineyards in nine different areas of Alsace, with around 10,000 cases of wine produced each vintage depending on conditions. The vineyards were maintained according to organic principles and have been converted to biodynamic methods since 1998.
It is in recent years that the reputation of the estate has grown significantly under the direction of Jean-Michel Deiss. The estate is best known for its field blends of Riesling, Pinot gris, Gewurztraminer and other grapes. While these blends are common in Alsace, Deiss is unusual in that it produces these wines from top vineyards, including Grand cru designated sites.
Deiss also differs from the traditional system in Alsace which usually includes listing the grape types used to produce the wine on the label, starting in 2000 the Vins de Terroirs labels only indicate the vineyard name. Not putting the grape type on the label of Grand crus was illegal until Deiss convinced the Institut National des Appellations d'Origine to change the law in 2005, against the wishes of many other prominent wine estates in Alsace.
Wines are made in three categories, by the estate: Vins de Fruits, Vins de Terroirs and Vins de Temps.

</doc>
<doc id="31044560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044560" title="Kentrochrysalis sieversi">
Kentrochrysalis sieversi

Kentrochrysalis sieversi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the southern part of the Russian Far East, north-eastern China and South Korea.
The wingspan is 88-90 mm. Adults are on wing from mid May to mid August in Korea.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Fraxinus" species in Primorskiy Kray.

</doc>
<doc id="31044567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044567" title="Kompolje, Dobrepolje">
Kompolje, Dobrepolje

Kompolje (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region. The village includes the hamlet of Brezje south of the main settlement.
Geography.
Kompolje lies in the middle of the Dobrepolje karst field. South of the village is Kompolje Cave (), also known as Žovkno Cave. It is the source of a large stream that soon disappears into the ground, and in the past people from villages in the region would travel up to three hours to obtain water from it during droughts. The Rupe Sinkholes lie southeast of Kompolje and water from Dolaja Cave () flows into them. In the past the locals would catch olms in Dolaja Cave and sell them in Ljubljana and Vienna.
Name.
Kompolje was first attested in written sources in 1280 as "Gompol" (and as "Choempoel" in 1342 and "Gumpell" in 1444). The name is derived from Slavic *"komъ poľa" 'raised part of a field'. Other, less likely, theories derived the name from Romance "campulus" 'small field' or Slavic *"kъn poľu" 'to the field'. In the past the German name was "Kompole".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Vitus () and belongs to the Parish of Dobrepolje–Videm. It was originally a 14th-century church that burned down in 1877 and was rebuilt in the late 19th century using material from the razed iron ore foundry in Ponikve. The church was first mentioned in written sources in 1526.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Kompolje include:

</doc>
<doc id="31044578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044578" title="Badminton at the 1974 Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1974 Asian Games

Badminton tournaments were held for the fourth time at the 1974 Asian Games in Amjadieh Sport Complex, Tehran, Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="31044583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044583" title="Kentrochrysalis streckeri">
Kentrochrysalis streckeri

Kentrochrysalis streckeri is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mongolia, the Russian Far East, north-eastern China and North Korea.
The wingspan is 88-90 mm. In Khabarovsk in Russia there is one full generation with adults on wing from May to July, with a partial second generation in August in some years.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Fraxinus" (including "Fraxinus mandshurica"), "Ligustrum" and "Syringa" species in Primorskiy Kray.

</doc>
<doc id="31044590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044590" title="Autobiografía del general Franco">
Autobiografía del general Franco

Autobiografía del general Franco (1992) (English, "Autobiography of general Franco") is a novel by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán. In 1994 it was awarded the international prize "Premio Internacional de Literatura Ennio Flaiano".
Translations.
The novel has not yet been translated into English. Published translations are:

</doc>
<doc id="31044596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044596" title="Kentrochrysalis heberti">
Kentrochrysalis heberti

Kentrochrysalis heberti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from central China.

</doc>
<doc id="31044602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044602" title="Godley Statue">
Godley Statue

The Godley Statue is a bronze statue situated in Cathedral Square in Christchurch, New Zealand. It commemorates the "Founder of Canterbury" John Robert Godley. It was the first statue portraying a person in New Zealand. The statue fell off its plinth in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and time capsules were discovered inside the plinth.
Context.
In November 1847, Godley had a fruitful meeting with Edward Gibbon Wakefield over two days. The founding of the Canterbury Association was an outcome of this. He arrived in Lyttelton in April 1850, eight months before the first settlers arrived through the scheme of the Canterbury Association, and acted as the 'Resident Chief Agent'. Whilst he only stayed for two days before leaving for Wellington, he stopped expenditure to address mounting debt, importantly the construction of the road to Sumner over Evans Pass. Godley was back in the port town for the arrival of the First Four Ships, and was then in effect governor for the Canterbury settlement. He was outspoken, scrupulous and an accepted authority. He was a strong advocate for settler self governance. He left the colony in December 1852, only two years after the settlers arrived.
Statue.
The Godley statue is located in Cathedral Square, the heart of Christchurch, to commemorate the "Founder of Canterbury".
The statue, by English sculptor Thomas Woolner, was cast in the Coalbrookdale foundry in Shropshire in 1865. It was unveiled by magistrate Charles Bowen in Cathedral Square on 8 August 1867. In 1904, a Christchurch City Councillor advocated for the statue to be moved, as the soon to be built trams would not leave enough space around it. In 1907, the City Council gave permission for the erection of a tram shelter to be built that completely hid the statue from view from the Cathedral. In 1917, the situation was made worse by the construction of underground toilets right next to the statue. Finally, on 5 March 1918, the statue was shifted to a new position to the north of ChristChurch Cathedral.
The tram shelter was demolished in 1931 and the statue was moved back into its original location in April 1933 after the removal of some trees from this part of the Square.
The statue fell over during the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. In the following days time capsules were discovered beneath its plinth by a crane driver, one a damaged glass bottle containing a parchment and the other a sealed metal container. The two capsules were placed in the care of Canterbury Museum for examination and preservation. The time capsules will be opened once the Museum's lab is operating again sometime in April 2011.
Christchurch mayor Bob Parker said "the first thing that we will do in this city is put back up on that plinth the man whose vision it was."
Heritage listing.
On 2 April 1985, the statue was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category I historic place, with the registration number being 3666. The statue is significant, as it is the only known work of Woolner in New Zealand. It demonstrates the link between the settler community and the Canterbury Association. It was the first portrait statue that was unveiled in New Zealand, and for almost 20 years, it was the only one.

</doc>
<doc id="31044623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044623" title="Lyall Gorman">
Lyall Gorman

Lyall Norman Gorman is the Executive Chairman of the Hyundai A-League club Western Sydney Wanderers FC. He was previously the head of the A-League competition itself. He previously was the chairman of the Central Coast Mariners. On May 17, 2012 Gorman was appointed Executive Chairman of the new West Sydney A-League team, later named Western Sydney Wanderers FC.

</doc>
<doc id="31044626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044626" title="Pentateucha curiosa">
Pentateucha curiosa

Pentateucha curiosa is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal, north-eastern India, south-western China (Yunnan), northern Thailand and northern Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 104 mm. Adults are on wing in January in Vietnam and from mid December to mid February in northern Thailand.
The larvae probably feed on "Ilex" species (including "Ilex triflora"). In captivity, larvae have been reared on leaves of "Ilex aquifolium".

</doc>
<doc id="31044628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044628" title="Badminton at the 1970 Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1970 Asian Games

Badminton tournaments were held for the third time at the 6th Asian Games in 1970 in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="31044635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044635" title="Pentateucha inouei">
Pentateucha inouei

Pentateucha inouei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Taiwan. The habitat consists of alpine forests.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Ilex formosana".

</doc>
<doc id="31044645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044645" title="Amarpatan (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Amarpatan (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Amarpatan Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Amarpatan (constituency number 66) is one of the 7 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Satna district. This constituency covers the entire Ramnagar tehsil, Amarpatan nagar panchayat and part of Amarpatan tehsil of the district.
Amarpatan is part of Satna Lok Sabha constituency along with six other Vidhan Sabha segments of this district, namely, Chitrakoot, Raigaon, Satna, Nagod, Maihar and Rampur-Baghelan
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="31044648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044648" title="Pentateucha stueningi">
Pentateucha stueningi

Pentateucha stueningi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the isolated warm temperate mountains of Zhejiang and neighbouring Anhui in south-eastern China. The habitat consists of alpine forests.

</doc>
<doc id="31044649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044649" title="Badminton at the 1966 Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1966 Asian Games

Badminton tournaments were held for the second time at the fifth Asian Games in 1966 in Hua Mark Indoor Stadium, Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="31044653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044653" title="1965 Skyways Coach-Air Avro 748 crash">
1965 Skyways Coach-Air Avro 748 crash

The 1965 Skyways Coach-Air Avro 748 crash occurred on 10 July 1965 when Avro 748-101 Series 1 G-ARMV, flown during a scheduled international passenger flight from Beauvais Airport, Oise, France, crashed on landing at its intended destination of Lympne Airport, Kent, United Kingdom. The accident was due to the grass runway being unable to support the weight of the aircraft during a heavy landing. This caused the nose wheels to dig in and the aircraft to overturn, losing both wings and the starboard tailplane in the process. All 52 people on board survived. This was the first accident involving the Avro 748/HS 748 that resulted in a write-off. A concrete runway was later installed at Lympne.
Aircraft.
The accident aircraft was Avro 748-101 Series 1 G-ARMV, c/n 1536. The aircraft was manufactured in 1961 and had flown 3,432 hours at the time of the accident.
Accident.
The aircraft was deployed as a scheduled international passenger flight from Beauvais Airport, Oise, France to Lympne Airport, Kent, United Kingdom. This flight was part of Skyways Coach Air's coach-air service in which passengers were taken by coach from Paris to Beauvais, flown to Lympne and then taken by coach to London.
The aircraft departed Beauvais at 15:51 UTC (16:51 local time) carrying 4 crew and 48 passengers. The weather at Lympne at the time the aircraft departed Beauvais indicated that visibility was , with wind at from 220° and a cloudbase of . After passing Abbeville an updated weather report was sent to the aircraft which showed a visibility of in drizzle, cloudbase and winds of from 220°, gusting to . The visibility was below the minimum requirement of for landing, although the captain was later informed that visibility had "improved slightly". At from touchdown, an IFR approach was initiated under the guidance of the radar controller at Lympne. When the aircraft was from the airport, it was at an altitude of above airport level. The captain reported that he could see the end of Runway 20 through the drizzle. At from touchdown, the aircraft ran into severe turbulence and drifted to the right of the runway centreline. Full flap was applied and power was reduced. The aircraft crossed the airfield boundary at , reducing to as the flare was begun at a height of . As the throttles were closed, the starboard wing dropped and the rate of descent of the aircraft increased. The captain attempted to keep the aircraft level with the result that it landed heavily. The nose wheel dug in, flipping the aircraft onto its back. The aircraft slid upside down for , ripping off both wings and the starboard tailplane. The tail was also crushed. The aircraft spun through 180°, ending up facing in the direction it had approached from.
The passengers were left hanging upside-down in their seats. One mother was holding a baby that was not strapped in. All on board escaped from the aircraft, with three people needing to be treated in hospital suffering from shock. A number of passengers were also treated at Lympne. Thirty-six of the passengers continued their journey to London, some with fuel-soaked clothing. The aircraft, with a replacement cost of £250,000, was written off. This was the first Avro 748/HS 748 to be written off in an accident. Skyways Coach-Air leased an Avro 748 from LIAT for two years in 1968 to replace the aircraft lost.
The grass runway at Lympne had previously suffered from waterlogging, leading to the closure of the airport in December 1951, and again in February 1953. A new concrete runway was constructed in early 1968, coming into use on 11 April.
Investigation.
An investigation into the accident was opened by the Accidents Investigation Branch. The probable cause of the accident was stated to be "a heavy landing following an incomplete flare from a steeper than normal approach."

</doc>
<doc id="31044670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044670" title="ARM Cortex-M">
ARM Cortex-M

The ARM Cortex-M is a group of 32-bit RISC ARM processor cores licensed by ARM Holdings. The cores are intended for microcontroller use, and consist of the Cortex-M0, Cortex-M0+, Cortex-M1, Cortex-M3, and Cortex-M4.
Overview.
ARM license.
ARM Holdings neither manufactures nor sells CPU devices based on its own designs, but rather licenses the processor architecture to interested parties. ARM offers a variety of licensing terms, varying in cost and deliverables. To all licensees, ARM provides an integratable hardware description of the ARM core, as well as complete software development toolset and the right to sell manufactured silicon containing the ARM CPU.
Silicon customization.
Integrated device manufacturers (IDM) receive the ARM Processor IP as synthesizable RTL (written in Verilog). In this form, they have the ability to perform architectural level optimizations and extensions. This allows the manufacturer to achieve custom design goals, such as higher clock speed, very low power consumption, instruction set extensions, optimizations for size, debug support, etc. To determine which components have been included in a particular ARM CPU chip, consult the manufacturer datasheet and related documentation.
Some of the most important options for the Cortex-M cores are:
Additional features
Instruction sets.
The Cortex-M0 / M0+ / M1 implement the ARMv6-M architecture, the Cortex-M3 implements the ARMv7-M architecture, and the Cortex-M4 implements the ARMv7E-M architecture. The architectures are binary instruction upward compatible from ARMv6-M to ARMv7-M to ARMv7E-M. Binary instructions available for the Cortex-M0 / M0+ / M1 can execute without modification on the Cortex-M3 and Cortex-M4. Binary instructions available for the Cortex-M3 can execute without modification on the Cortex-M4.
All four Cortex-M cores implement a common instruction subset that consists of: Thumb subset, Thumb-2 subset, and multiply. The Cortex-M0 / M0+ / M1 include all older Thumb instructions, except new instructions (CBZ, CBNZ, IT) which were added in ARMv7-M architecture. The Cortex-M0 / M0+ / M1 include a minor subset of Thumb-2 instructions (BL, DMB, DSB, ISB, MRS, MSR).
The Cortex-M0 / M0+ / M1 were designed to be the smallest size possible, thus having the fewest instructions of the Cortex-M family. The Cortex-M3 adds 3 Thumb instructions and all Thumb-2 instructions, plus a 10-12 cycle hardware divide and saturated math instructions. The Cortex-M4 adds DSP instructions and an optional single-precision floating-point unit. If the Cortex-M4 has the floating point unit, then it is known as the Cortex-M4F.
Cortex-M0.
The Cortex-M0 core is optimized for small silicon die size and use in the lowest price chips.
Key features of the Cortex-M0 core are:
Chips.
The following microcontrollers are based on the Cortex-M0 core:
The following chips have a Cortex-M0 as a secondary core:
Cortex-M0+.
The Cortex-M0+ is an optimized superset of the Cortex-M0. The Cortex-M0+ has complete instruction set compatibility with the Cortex-M0 thus allowing one to use the same compiler and debug tools. The Cortex-M0+ pipeline was reduced from 3 to 2 stages, which lowers the power usage. In addition to debug features in the existing Cortex-M0, a silicon option can be added to the Cortex-M0+ called the Micro Trace Buffer (MTB) which provides a simple instruction trace buffer. The Cortex-M0+ also received Cortex-M3 and Cortex-M4 features, which can be added as silicon options, such as the memory protection unit (MPU) and the vector table relocation. Key features of the Cortex-M0+ core are: 
Chips.
The following microcontrollers are based on the Cortex-M0+ core:
Cortex-M1.
The Cortex-M1 is an optimized core especially designed to be loaded into FPGA chips.
Key features of the Cortex-M1 core are:
Chips.
The following FPGA vendors support the Cortex-M1 as soft-cores:
Cortex-M3.
Key features of the Cortex-M3 core are: 
Chips.
The following microcontrollers are based on the Cortex-M3 core:
The following chips have a Cortex-M3 as a secondary core:
Cortex-M4.
Conceptually the Cortex-M4 is a Cortex-M3 plus DSP Instructions, and optional floating-point unit (FPU). If a core contains an FPU, it is known as a Cortex-M4F, otherwise it is a Cortex-M4. Key features of the Cortex-M4 core are:
Chips.
The following microcontrollers are based on the Cortex-M4 core:
The following microcontrollers are based on the Cortex-M4F (M4 + FPU) core:
The following chips have either a Cortex-M4 or M4F as a secondary core:
Documentation.
The amount of documentation for all ARM chips is daunting, especially for newcomers. The documentation for microcontrollers from past decades would easily be inclusive in a single document, but as chips have evolved so has the documentation grown. The total documentation is especially hard to grasp for all ARM chips since it consists of documents from the IC manufacturer and documents from CPU core vendor (ARM Holdings).
A typical top-down documentation tree is: manufacturer website, manufacturer marketing slides, manufacturer datasheet for the exact physical chip, manufacturer detailed reference manual that describes common peripherals and aspects of a physical chip family, ARM core generic user guide, ARM core technical reference manual, ARM architecture reference manual that describes the instruction set(s).
IC manufacturers have additional documents, such as: evaluation board user manuals, application notes, getting started guides, software library documents, errata, and more. See External Links section for links to official ARM documents.

</doc>
<doc id="31044677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044677" title="Josef Bergmaier">
Josef Bergmaier

Josef Bergmaier (March 5, 1909 – March 5, 1943) was a German footballer who played as a forward. Bergmaier played for three clubs in his hometown, Munich - TV 1888, FC Wacker, and, most notably, FC Bayern, where he won the 1932 German football championship, scoring both goals in the final against Eintracht Frankfurt. Between 1930 and 1933 he won 8 caps for Germany, scoring once, in a 2–2 draw with Norway in 1932.
Bergmaier fought in World War II, and died in the Eastern Front on his 34th birthday. His former teammate Franz Krumm died in similar circumstances four days later.

</doc>
<doc id="31044682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044682" title="Badminton at the 1978 Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1978 Asian Games

Badminton tournaments were held for the fifth time at the 8th Asian Games in 1978 in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="31044696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044696" title="Videm, Dobrepolje">
Videm, Dobrepolje

Videm (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. It is the administrative centre of the municipality. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region. Videm consists of two hamlets: Mali Videm (literally, 'little Videm') is the core of the settlement around Holy Cross Church, and Veliki Videm (literally, 'big Videm') is located to the northwest, along the road toward Predstruge.
Geography.
Videm stands at the northern end of the Dobrepolje karst polje. Gorica Hill (471 m) rises east of the village, and Videm Hill (, 628 m), also known as Little Hill (), rises to the west. Three permanent springs known as the Videm Springs () are located in the western part of the settlement.
Name.
Videm was first attested in written sources in 1355 as "ze dem Wydem" (and as "zu dem Widem" in 1436 and "an dem Widem" in 1444). The name comes from the Slovene common noun "videm" 'church property', borrowed from Middle High German "videme" 'church property' (originally, 'property left by the deceased to the church'). In the past the German name was "Widem".
History.
A part-time school was established in Videm by 1793 in the old sexton's house. This was torn down between 1837 and 1857, and a school building was built at the site. A new school building was built in 1908. The village was burned by German forces during an offensive in the fall of 1943.
Church.
The local parish church is dedicated to the Holy Cross and belongs to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ljubljana. It was built in 1844 on the site of a medieval building. The church contains artworks by several Slovene artists, including the wood carver Franz Jontez (1853–1928), the sculptor Ivan Zajec (1869–1952), the painters Matevž Langus (1792–1855) and Štefan Šubic (1820–1884), and the artists Tone Kralj (1900–1975) and France Kralj (1895–1960). The front of the church is decorated with a depiction of the crucifixion above the door and the motto "V tem znamenju boš zmagal" ("In hoc signo vinces") in capital letters below a gable stylized as a pediment supported by four pilasters. The church is surrounded by a cemetery.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Videm include:

</doc>
<doc id="31044701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044701" title="Villa Ivrea">
Villa Ivrea

Villa Ivrea is a "belle-époque"-inspired, seaside villa constructed in 2009 on the northern tip of Cap Estate, Saint Lucia, in the West Indies. It was designed by the American architect Dan F. Sater, II and built by Wayne Brown Design/Build. The white-colored villa sits on a promontory in Mount Hardy, facing the Anse Galet bay and overlooking both the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
Named after the Italian city of Ivrea, in Piedmont, home of Olivetti S.p.A. and the famous Battle of the Oranges carnival —ranked #1 in Italy after that of Venice— the villa was conceived to blend the charm and elegance of the "belle-époque" Mediterranean architecture with all the functionality, safety and comfort of a modern home in environmental harmony with its surroundings. With the main design element being a privileged view of the sea from every main room, the interior decoration is accentuated by paintings and photographs depicting the city of Ivrea, as well as some famous places in Saint Lucia. Extensive use of cast-stone columns and balustrades gives the villa an open and elegant appearance that perfectly frames expansive views of Anse Galet, Martinique and Pigeon Island.
The terraced gardens of Villa Ivrea extend over 780 square meters and host an eclectic mix of Mediterranean plants, including olive trees, lemon trees, figs, date palms, crape myrtles, bay laurel, lavender, jasmine, oleander, yarrow, rosemary and cypresses, complemented by tropical and native varieties of bird of paradise, cannas, bougainvilleas, ginger lilies, sago palms, mango trees and more. Some rare plants like a Blue Mountain sago, a New Zealand flax, various coastal South African daisies and a Cliff Date Palm are also part of the extensive inventory. Importantly, all the water used for the irrigation of the gardens comes from rain-water harvesting.
Villa Ivrea is located three miles away from the St. Lucia Golf & Country Club and eight miles north of Rodney Bay and its different attractions, including excellent restaurants, a world-class marina, shopping malls, pharmacies, post office, banks and supermarkets. Such a location becomes particularly prominent every year during notable events like the St. Lucia Golf Open and the St. Lucia Jazz Festival or during whale-watching season —between February and April— when pilot, sperm and humpback whales can be seen crossing the Saint Lucia channel.

</doc>
<doc id="31044703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044703" title="Narayanapur, Nalgonda">
Narayanapur, Nalgonda

Narayanpur or Narayanapur is a Mandal in Nalgonda district, Telangana, India.
Geography.
Narayanpur is located at . It has an average elevation of 349 metres (1148 ft).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, Narayanapur has a population of 7,430 of which 3,731 are male and 3,699 are female.
Villages.
The villages in Narayanapur mandal include:
.lingavarigudem post sarvail

</doc>
<doc id="31044714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044714" title="Abdallah Abbas Al-Iryani">
Abdallah Abbas Al-Iryani

Abdallah Abbas Al-Iryani (Arabic: عبدالله عباس الارياني) is a Yemeni novelist and writer. He studied at Cairo University, obtaining a degree in civil engineering in 1984. He has devoted himself more seriously to literature since 2005. He has published several novels and short story collections as well as a play. His work has been translated into Italian and was included in a 2009 anthology on Yemeni literature called "Perle Dello Yemen".

</doc>
<doc id="31044726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044726" title="Anne Mulder">
Anne Mulder

Anne Mulder (born December 14, 1969 in Hoogeveen) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since June 17, 2010. He focuses on matters of health care insurance, prevention and pharmaceutics.
He was a member of the municipal council of The Hague from 2002 to 2010 and VVD fraction leader from 2006 to 2010.
Mulder studied political economy at Erasmus University Rotterdam. As a conscripted soldier he served with UNPROFOR in Dutchbat III in Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="31044727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044727" title="Peaceful Village, Missouri">
Peaceful Village, Missouri

Peaceful Village (also known as Peaceful) is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2010 census, Peaceful Village has a population of 9.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of , all of it land.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 9 people, 4 households, and 3 families residing in the village. The population density was . There were 4 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% White.
There were 4 households of which 25.0% were married couples living together, 50.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.33.
The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 22.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.3% were from 25 to 44; 11.1% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 33.3% male and 66.7% female.

</doc>
<doc id="31044745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044745" title="VERTCON">
VERTCON

VERTCON is a computer program that computes the modeled difference in orthometric height between the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD 88) and the National Geodetic Vertical Datum of 1929 (NGVD 29) for a location in the contiguous United States. The parameters required are the latitude and longitude of the location.
The program was created by the National Geodetic Survey (NGS) and is available as an online tool, or PC executable package. The package contains the Perl source code. The NGS is the government agency charged with responsibility for the National Spatial Reference System.

</doc>
<doc id="31044749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044749" title="The Singers And Harp Players Are Dumb">
The Singers And Harp Players Are Dumb

The Singers And Harp Players Are Dumb is the debut album by Hwyl Nofio.
Track listing.
The album contains an untitled track at the end

</doc>
<doc id="31044750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044750" title="Protambulyx astygonus">
Protambulyx astygonus

Protambulyx astygonus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bolivia, Paraguay and Brazil.
The wingspan is about 100 mm. It is similar to "Protambulyx goeldii", but the forewing is lacking the large discal spot and the submarginal line of the hindwing is crenulated and angled outwards on the veins.
Adults are on wing in October in Bolivia. In Paraguay, adults have been recorded in June. There are probably at least two generations per year.

</doc>
<doc id="31044751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044751" title="Rajula Tallavalasa">
Rajula Tallavalasa

R. Tallavalasa (Rajula Tallavalasa) is a village on the Kolkata–Chennai National Highway in Visakhapatnam District. It is a village Panchayat under Bhimili mandal Revenue Division. It is from Visakhapatnam City. The nearest town is Thagarapuvalasa. The pin code of Rajula Tallavalasa is 531162.

</doc>
<doc id="31044759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044759" title="Essential Energy">
Essential Energy

Essential Energy is a state-owned electricity infrastructure company which owns, maintains and operates the electrical distribution networks for regional New South Wales, covering 95 percent of the state, and the reticulated water network in Broken Hill through Essential Water, formerly Australian Inland Energy and Water.
Essential Energy was formed from the previously state-owned energy business, Country Energy, when the retail division of the company, along with the Country Energy brand, was sold by the NSW Government in 2011 to Origin Energy.

</doc>
<doc id="31044761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044761" title="Te Aro Railway Station">
Te Aro Railway Station

Te Aro Railway Station was a station in Wellington, New Zealand, near what is now the corner of Wakefield and Tory Streets. It was the terminus of the short-lived Te Aro Extension of the Hutt Valley Line and Wairarapa Line, opened in 1893, which can also be regarded as a branch line. 
The line was provided to extend Wellington passenger services through the centre of the Wellington CBD from the main Lambton Railway Station on the northern side of Wellington. There were no freight facilities provided, although Hoy’s sketch of the station layout shows a Defence Siding & Store, plus three sidings, a footbridge and water tanks. 
Patronage was affected by the Wellington tramway system, which was electrified from 1900, and the line was closed in 1917. 
Location.
In 2007, the demolition of The Warehouse building on Tory St revealed remains of the track and platform of the station.
After the station closed in 1917 the buildings were converted into a fruit and vegetable market that was demolished in July-August 1958. The site is now occupied by the Museum Hotel and Monument Apartments. The remains of the two platforms, their tracks and some point rodding were all removed in 2007. See external links to images.
External links.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="31044763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044763" title="Helma Lodders">
Helma Lodders

Wilhelmina Jenneke Helena (Helma) Lodders (born June 21, 1968 in Klundert) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) she has been an MP since June 17, 2010. She focuses on matters of nature, labour markets, healthcare science education and casualties of war.
She was a member of the municipal council of Zeewolde from 1998 to 2002 and an alderwoman from the same municipality from 2002 to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31044765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044765" title="Fritz Fürst">
Fritz Fürst

Fritz Fürst (3 July 1891 – 8 June 1954) was a German footballer who played for Bayern Munich between 1909 and 1914. His only game in international competition was on 13 May 1913, Germany against Switzerland. Germany lost 1 to 2, and Fürst was never called back to the national team. Fürst was one of only three Bayern Munich players to play internationally before World War I. (The other two were Max Gablonsky and Ludwig Hofmeister.)

</doc>
<doc id="31044767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044767" title="Samuel Cook (artist)">
Samuel Cook (artist)

Samuel Cook (1806–1859) was an English watercolour artist.
Life.
He was born in at Camelford in Cornwall. At the age of nine he was apprenticed to a firm of woollen manufacturers in the town, where during the intervals of his duties he would amuse himself with making drawings in chalk on the floor of the factory, to the annoyance of his employers, one of whom declared that "he would never be fit for anything but a limner". On the expiry of his apprenticeship he went to Plymouth, where he set up as a painter and glazier. Every hour he could snatch from business, however, was devoted to sketching from nature. In 1830 he became a member of the New Society of Painters in Water Colours (now the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours), to whose annual exhibition he became a regular contributor, chiefly of coastal scenes, until his death 1859.
An obituary in "The Art Journal" said of him: Always weak as a colourist, and especially so when his pictures hung in juxtaposition with some of the deeptoned works of his contemporaries... there was yet in them such quiet, simple truth, and so much real artistic feeling united with skilful manipulation, that it was impossible to study them and not be convinced they were the productions of one possessing refined taste, poetical conception, knowledge of natural effects, and sound judgment in the management of subject matter.
A view of "Stonehouse, Plymouth" by him is in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31044789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044789" title="Littleham, Exmouth">
Littleham, Exmouth

Littleham is an area of Exmouth in East Devon, England. It was historically a village and civil parish, much older than Exmouth itself.
The ecclesiastical parish is now known as Littleham-cum-Exmouth. The original parish church dates back to the 13th century and is dedicated to St Margaret and St Andrew. Frances Nelson, wife of Lord Nelson, is buried in the churchyard. The newer parish church of the Holy Trinity was built in 1824.
Between 1903 and 1967 Littleham had its own railway station, on the Exmouth & Salterton Railway of the London and South Western Railway.
To the South of Littleham is Sandy Bay, with a large seaside caravan resort owned by Haven Holidays, called Devon Cliffs.
External links.
Ġ

</doc>
<doc id="31044790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044790" title="Badminton at the 1982 Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1982 Asian Games

Badminton tournaments were held for the sixth time at the 9th Asian Games in 1982 in New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="31044797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044797" title="Endeavour Energy">
Endeavour Energy

Endeavour Energy is a state owned electricity infrastructure company which owns, maintains and operates the electrical distribution networks for western Sydney and the Illawarra region of NSW, Australia. 
Background.
It was formed from the previously state owned energy retailer/supplier, Integral Energy, when the retail division of the company, along with the Integral Energy brand, was sold by the NSW state government in 2011 to Origin Energy.

</doc>
<doc id="31044808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044808" title="English football first tier top scorers">
English football first tier top scorers

A list of English Football First Tier Top Scorers from 1888 (as the Football League First Division) to current (as the Premier League)
List of winners.
"See List of English football champions"
Top Scorers.
By Club.
Coventry City and Stoke City are the only clubs with top league scorers whose teams have never finished in the top three.
All-Time Topscorers.
Only goals in first level of championship (First Division then Premiership) are considered.

</doc>
<doc id="31044817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044817" title="Ah Vy, Seni, Moi Seni">
Ah Vy, Seni, Moi Seni

Ah Vy, Seni, Moi Seni (Russian: "Ах Вы, Сени, Мои Сени" lit.: "Ah you, inner porch, my inner porch") is traditional Russian folk song.
It tells a simple story about the girl who is in love with young brewer Vanya, but the girl's strict father forbids them to see each other. The tune itself is a simple one, but capable of embellishment, and for that reason, it is often either the second or third tune taught to a beginning balalaika student. It is also often performed by solo female singers.
The song was known at least since 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31044818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044818" title="Goss, Missouri">
Goss, Missouri

Goss is a village in Monroe County, Missouri, United States; it was once incorporated as a town, but reclassified as a village in 2010.
Demographics.
As of the 2010 census, Goss has a population of 0. The village is served by U.S. Route 24.

</doc>
<doc id="31044824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044824" title="Karin Straus">
Karin Straus

Karin Cornelia Josepha Straus (born April 6, 1971 in Roermond) is a Dutch politician and former human resource management employee and management consultant. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) she has been an MP since October 26, 2010. She focuses on matters of financial arrangements for children (among others child care), social and psychiatric care, and drug rehabilitation.
She was a member of the municipal council of Roermond from 1998 to 2003 as well as VVD fraction leader from 2002 to 2003. Since March 11, 2010 she has been again a council member of this Dutch Limburg municipality. In the meantime she was a member of the municipal council as well as VVD fraction leader of the South Holland municipality of Midden-Delfland from 2004 to 2006.
Straus studied public administration at Radboud University Nijmegen and organizational and management studies at VU University Amsterdam. She also studied at Nyenrode Business University.

</doc>
<doc id="31044839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044839" title="Cabinet of the Maldives">
Cabinet of the Maldives

The Cabinet of the Maldives is the most senior level of the executive branch of the Government of the Maldives. It is made up of the President, the Vice President, Attorney General and the Ministers.
Previous Administrations.
Mr. Mohamed Nasheed’s Cabinet.
June 2010 En Masse Cabinet Resignation
On 29 June 2010, Nasheed's 13 cabinet ministers resigned en masse, protesting the behaviour of opposition MPs who they said were “hijacking” the powers of the executive and making it impossible for the cabinet Ministers to discharge their constitutional duties and deliver the government’s election manifesto. The ministers called on the President to investigate why certain MPs were blocking the government's work, citing allegations of corruption and bribery in parliament.
On 29 June, Maldives Police Service arrested two parliamentarians, Abdulla Yameen, leader of the People’s Alliance party and former President Gayoom’s half brother, and Gasim Ibrahim, head of the Jumhooree Party, on suspicion of bribing fellow parliamentarians to vote against the government. The police are investigating the two MPs for corruption, along with a third MP, Mohamed Mustapha, of the ruling MDP.
On 7 July, President Nasheed reappointed all thirteen Ministers of the Cabinet, at a ceremony held at the President’s Office in Male'.
Speaking at a press conference held shortly after presenting the Ministers with their letters of appointment, President Nasheed said his government would “work towards fulfilling its pledges to the people.”
The President noted that the government has investigated the reasons why cabinet members felt they had to resign and the police have taken appropriate action. The President reiterated that only a small number of MPs are implicated in alleged corruption. “The reputation of the People’s Majlis should not be tarnished because of corruption allegations against a few parliamentarians,” the President said.
Parliament Rejection of Cabinet Members
After the reinstallation of the cabinet on July 7, the cabinet was sent to the parliament for endorsement.
On November 22, the parliament voted and declared that only 5 out of the 12 appointees would be accepted. They also called for the rejected ministers to step down immediately. This resulted in heated arguments between ruling party MDP and opposing DRP, who holds majority seats in parliament. The parliament ruled that the rejected appointees would not be considered as ministers, and refused to allow Finance minister, Ali Hashim present the 2011 state budget for parliament approval. Members of MDP responded to this by declaring that neither parliament or supreme court had rights to dismiss ministers and threatened high members of the parliament.
On December 10, 2010, the Supreme Court of Maldives ruled that the ministers not endorsed by the parliament cannot remain in their posts; and requested their immediate resignation from office.
On December 13, 2010, President Nasheed appointed 2 new ministers and acting ministers for 4 more offices. He also reappointed the rejected Attorney General, Dr. Sawad.
As of February 2011, only 3 of 7 rejected ministers have been replaced. The remaining ministries are currently managed by the other cabinet members.
2011 Parliament Cabinet Endorsement
On 21 March 2011, the parliament voted on the endorsement of 5 new ministers appointed. The result was the endorsement of 4 ministers. These include:
Only 1 of the appointees were rejected. This was the Attorney General, Dr. Ahmed Ali Sawad, who had been re-appointed by President Nasheed after being rejected by the parliament earlier.
Just hours after the endorsement, two new ministers were sworn into office. This included a new Attorney General and a new Minister of Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="31044857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044857" title="Transhuman (album)">
Transhuman (album)

Transhuman is the fifth full-length album by the American technical thrash metal band Believer, released on April 11, 2011 on Metal Blade Records.
Overview.
A concept album, the band stated that the lyrics deal with transhumanism, "The study of the ramifications, promises, and potential dangers of technologies that will enable us to overcome fundamental human limitations, and the related study of the ethical matters involved in developing and using such technologies." The band stated that the source of inspiration was Dr. Ginger Campbell’s Brain Science Podcast, which explores recent discoveries in neuroscience, as well as Dr. Thomas Metzinger’s scientific research and philosophical study of consciousness and the self.
Musically, the band stated that they "focused more on the overall musicality which included more instrumental layers than we used before." Sputnik Music noted that the band dropped most of the aggressive thrash metal elements in favor of more melodic, modern, mid-tempo and mechanical style. About.com reviewer wrote that the album's genre is difficult to pigeon hole, featuring elements of industrial, psychedelic and soundtrack music among technical metal.

</doc>
<doc id="31044866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044866" title="Cornelius Schilder">
Cornelius Schilder

Cornelius "Cor" Schilder, M.H.M. (born 19 September 1941) is an emeritus Roman Catholic Bishop from the Netherlands. He was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ngong in Kenya from 2003 to 2009.
Cornelius Schilder was born on 19 September 1941 in Westwoud in the Netherlands. He studied philosophy at Mill Hill College in Roosendaal, and later theology at Mill Hill College in London, England. On 29 June 1968, he was ordained as priest in Westwoud. In 1971, he went to Kenya with the Mill Hill Missionaries and worked in the dioceses Ngong and Garissa. In 2002, he was appointed Bishop of Ngong after Colin Cameron Davies retired. On 25 January 2003 he was consecrated as bishop. In 2009, he retired "due to health problem".
Although highly esteemed, after contradicting allegations of sexual abuse of a boy, many years ago, and of which there was no proof, it is claimed that the Vatican induced the bishop when in his late sixties into retirement. Schilder currently does not celebrate masses in public and exercises no pastoral tasks. He lives with the Mill Hill Missionaries in Oosterbeek, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="31044881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044881" title="Rúben Tiago Rodrigues Ribeiro">
Rúben Tiago Rodrigues Ribeiro

Rúben Tiago Rodrigues Ribeiro (born 1 August 1987) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Rio Ave F.C. as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Porto, Ribeiro spent most of his youth career with local Boavista F.C. before joining Leixões S.C. in 2002 to complete his formation. He only managed to amass 13 league appearances in his first three senior seasons combined, ten of which in 2008–09, spent in the top division. 
Ribeiro played with F.C. Penafiel in the 2011–12 campaign, in the second level. On 22 June 2012 he returned to the top flight, signing for four years with S.C. Beira-Mar.

</doc>
<doc id="31044911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044911" title="The Dancing Mistress">
The Dancing Mistress

The Dancing Mistress is a musical comedy with music by Lionel Monckton, book by James T. Tanner and lyrics by Adrian Ross and Percy Greenbank. It depicts the fortunes of a school dancing mistress who is dismissed and finds fortune and happiness in Switzerland. The piece ran in the West End of London in 1912 and 1913, and toured the British provinces in 1914.
History.
"The Dancing Mistress" was presented by the impresario George Edwardes at the Royal Adelphi Theatre, opening on 19 October 1912. The piece, which followed the same composer's and authors' immensely successful "The Quaker Girl", featured many of the performers from the earlier show, including the romantic leads, Gertie Millar and Joseph Coyne. It ran at the Adelphi until 21 June 1913.
A touring company presented the piece in the British provinces, with Adele Crispin, John T. MacCallum and Laura Wright in the leading roles of Nancy, Teddy and Virginie.
Synopsis.
At a girl's school in Brighton on the south coast of England, the French mistress, Virginie Touchet, when not teaching French, surreptitiously indulges in an irresistible and ruinous addiction to gambling. She has befriended the young dancing teacher, Nancy Joye, under her wing. When Nancy uses her modest savings to help Virginie out, the latter promises her a huge reward if she wins the enormous cash prize with her latest "investment", a ticket for the Panama Lottery. The ticket wins, but nobody discovers the fact except for Widdicombe, the school butler, who throws over his previous lady-friend, Jeanie, the school's tuckwoman, and pursues Virginie.
Teddy Cavanagh is an aviator. In the course of his travels an Indian woman has given him a strange stone. In its normal state it is green, but when it is brought into contact with anyone who is passionately in love, it changes to red. When Teddy meets Nancy the stone rapidly goes from green to red. The austere headmistress, Miss Pindrop, does not like Nancy, and, finding her teaching her pupils a ragtime dance, she uses that as a pretext for dismissing her. Nancy is offered a post as teacher of dancing at a winter sports hotel in the Swiss mountains.
Teddy follows Nancy to Switzerland. His friend, Lord Lyndale travels out to join him. Virginie has also travelled out, pursued by Widdicombe, who is pursued by Jeanie. Also at the hotel is the villain of the piece, Baron Montalba, an old enemy of Teddy, and much enamoured of Nancy. To get Teddy out of the way, the Baron bets him that he cannot fly his aeroplane to London in two days, starting immediately. Teddy, taking Widdicombe as a witness, sets out, having sent the Indian jewel to Nancy, with a message asking her to wear it before he takes off, to show that his love for her is reciprocated. The Baron intercepts the jewel and substitutes for it a gorgeous necklace of diamonds. 
At the Hotel Bristol in London, celebrations are in full swing for Virginie's (and Nancy's) windfall from the Panama Lottery. All misunderstandings are cleared up, the wicked Baron is foiled, and the lovers are united. The stone glows red for both of them.
Critical reception.
"The Times" thought the piece too long, and commented, "Mr. Lionel Monckton's songs call for no special comment, but they fulfil their purpose; and "The Dancing Mistress", when trimmed and shaped, will make a very pleasant entertainment." "The Illustrated London News" thought more highly of Monckton's score, rating "that master of light melody … at his very best." The reviewer thought the show "full of gaiety and fun and colour." "The Observer", like other papers, praised the performers ("so strong a combination as that is quite sure to fill the Adelphi for many months") and, like "The Times", called for cuts.
Reviewing the touring production, "The Manchester Guardian" wrote, "There is no affectation about "The Dancing Mistress" … A waltz refrain, some dallying with rag-time, and a joke or two about Mr. Lloyd George help to assure the audience that they are not being trifled with and that nothing serious is intended."

</doc>
<doc id="31044917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044917" title="Plesiocystiscus alfredensis">
Plesiocystiscus alfredensis

Plesiocystiscus alfredensis, common name the blue oval marginella, is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cystiscidae. 
This species occurs throughout the Indo-Pacific Oceans. It prefer to live in sheltered areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31044927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044927" title="2011 Jeju United FC season">
2011 Jeju United FC season

The 2011 Jeju United FC season is the clubs twenty-ninth season in the K-League. Jeju United competed in the K-League, League Cup, Korean FA Cup, and the AFC Champions League.
Match results.
K-League.
League Table.
1: Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma qualified for the group stage of the 2012 AFC Champions League as 2011 Korean FA Cup winners.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 30 October 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31044943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044943" title="Clement Quirk Lane">
Clement Quirk Lane

Clement Quirk Lane was the city editor for the Chicago Daily News from 1942 to 1958. Born in 1898, he joined the Chicago Daily News after high school, where during Prohibition he worked the crime beat. As described in Capone: The Life and World of Al Capone, legend has it that during "slow nights," Lane and counterpart James Doherty of the Chicago Tribune invented often-comical nicknames for many of Chicago's underworld figures, including "Greasy Thumb" Gusik, "Loudmouth" Levine, and "Violet" Fusco.
Later he became a columnist, where in 1938 he invented the characters "Oxie O'Rourke" and "Torchnose McGonigle." These were figures in the vein of predecessor Chicago newspaperman Finley Peter Dunne's "Mr. Dooley" and "Mr. Henessey," stand-ins for the "voice of the people." Chicago Daily News columnist Mike Royko would take up that tradition afterwards with his character "Slats Grobnik." According to a Time magazine article about his work in January 1944, Lane said, in reference to his creation, Oxie was "the perfect answer for a newspaperman; he can't be scooped because he knows everything. He is the voice of the people west of the tracks."
Lane was known for his fiery temper; according to his obituary he "ruled the city staff ... in fiery justice." A reporter who began his career under Lane, James McCartney, described him later as "the archetype of the old-fashioned city editor, an Irish Catholic, reformed alcoholic with a high school education, a great mane of white hair ... irascible, immensely honest, tremendously talented, the personification of the newspaper ... and very, very difficult to work for." As McCartney alluded to, later in life Lane became involved in Alcoholics Anonymous, helping to establish it in Chicago after that group's founding in Akron, Ohio, in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="31044948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044948" title="Rory Morrish">
Rory Morrish

Rory Michael Morrish (born January 8, 1968 in Cork) is an Irish cross-country skier who participated in the 2006 Winter Olympics, as well as multiple world championships. During the 2011 World Championships, Morrish received attention for racing with wooden skis.

</doc>
<doc id="31044951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044951" title="Lipa, Dobrepolje">
Lipa, Dobrepolje

Lipa () is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region. The entire area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola.

</doc>
<doc id="31044957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044957" title="Thomas Nash (disambiguation)">
Thomas Nash (disambiguation)

Thomas Nash was a relative of Shakespeare.
Thomas Nash or Tom Nash may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31044964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044964" title="Ludwig Hofmeister">
Ludwig Hofmeister

Ludwig Hofmeister (December 5, 1887 – October 3, 1959) was a German footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31044965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044965" title="Nora Sumberg">
Nora Sumberg

Nora Sumberg (born 1956) is an Australian landscape painter whose work has over time become increasingly lyrical, abstract and atmospheric. Her art is characterized by intense, floating swathes of colour, impressionistic and ambiguous terrain and glowing, multi-directional light sources. Examples of Sumberg's art are held in The National Gallery of Victoria, The Queensland Art Gallery, The Heide Museum of Modern Art and the Smorgan Collection. Sumberg is also the granddaughter of Voldemar Sumberg, the Minister for Social Affairs under the Otto Tief Government in Estonia. Estonian culture is important to Sumberg and she has an artist residency in Tallinn in 2011.
Education.
Sumberg completed a Diploma in Fine Arts (painting) at Caulfield Institute of Technology, Chisholm (now Monash University) followed by Postgraduate Studies at the New York Studio School, New York, in 1978. She attained Master of Fine Arts at Monash University in 1996.
Formative years.
While studying on an Australia Council Scholarship at the New York Studio School, New York, Sumberg lived in the Hotel Chelsea and became acquainted with and befriended notable musicians and performers such as Blondie, Elvis Costello, Lou Reed, Johnny Rotten, Richard Hell and filmmaker Luis Buñuel. During this period Sumberg dressed in punk clothing designed by her friend, fashion designer Jenny Bannister, when punk itself as a cultural movement had barely begun to make an impression in America. Her teachers at Caulfield Institute of Technology included Australian artist Gareth Sansom, to whom she was married for 10 years. Australian born singer-songwriter Nick Cave was a fellow student and friend of Sumberg's.
Sumberg's early paintings were figurative and somewhat indebted to pop art and the milieu she was part of, with areas of bold, flat colour and schematic, heavily out-lined drawing, done in enamel on Masonite. Australian artist and critic Robert Rooney wrote of these works: “…The best are boldly painted and ambitiously constructed, often with the aid of fish-eye lens distortion…. Surfaces are smooth, with an occasional drip on a tuxedo in ‘Dijon Waiter’ or a wrinkled skin in ‘Model Lisa No. 6.’ Flat areas and images are outlined in black.”
Maturity.
Sumberg’s shift into landscape included the introduction of architectural elements and props, frequently depicting expressive, labyrinthine mazes or Italian Villa Garden features such as topiary, gazebos, statues and columns. Sumberg's construction of space was unconventional and complex, with multiple or hidden horizons and the cropping and over-lapping of contradictory, slightly tilted perspectives (often the result of separately painted panels joined together), giving perhaps a subjective account of wandering through the many windings and turnings of such gardens. These works followed a residency at the Australia Council’s Besozzo Studio, where Sumberg studied 19thC Italian Villa gardens. These paintings were typically large, multi-panel works. Noted Australian poet and art critic Gary Catalano, wrote: "Too little of the art I see forces my eye to change gear, and I like Sumberg's paintings for just this reason".
Later work saw her largely dispense with the depiction of discrete forms and spatial discontinuities as atmospheric unity and drama assumed a greater importance, particularly the play of light and colouristic intensity. Outlines became less distinct and were subsumed by the overall atmospherics and an increasingly lyrical yet highly considered paint handling. Much of Sumberg's work stems from an emotional, deeply personal response to the Croajingolong National Park, located on the South-East coast of Australia.
Australian artists who have inspired Sumberg include Clarice Beckett and Ken Whisson, the former for her mastery of mood and understatement and the latter for his linear, expressive brushwork. Many recent paintings, such as 'Discombobulation 2', 2004, include abstract elements combined with broadly evoked terrain, foliage and large bodies of water. Poetic and philosophical titles are important to Sumberg. For example: 'Anyone Who Thinks He Understands Nature Should Look Again', 'The Listener', 'Upon a Red Cloud Floating', 'Mostly Awake' and 'Frequencies'.
Jenny Zimmer, reviewing Sumberg's 1990 exhibition 'Purely Painting' at Michael Wardell Gallery, wrote that Sumberg: "transforms sun and cloud and the effects of each on the other into bursts of sensation. Though infused with the nature worship of European romanticism, Sumberg's effects are modern".
Sumberg is currently represented by Jenny Port Gallery in Richmond, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31044970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044970" title="Abdallah Salim Bawazir">
Abdallah Salim Bawazir

Abdallah Salim Bawazir (Arabic: عبد الله سالم باوزير) (March 30, 1938 – October 7, 2004) was a renowned Yemeni novelist, short story writer, columnist and author. He was born in the town of Ghayl Bawazir in Hadhramaut province. He finished his formal schooling at the age of 16 and, due to his family's poverty, went off to Aden in search of work. He worked there for several years in various commercial stores before returning to Hadhramaut in 1962. However his stay in Al-Mukalla, the capital of Hadhramaut, proved short-lived and he went back to Aden in 1963, working as manager of a well-known commercial store for the next 33 years. In 1997, he tried one more time to settle down in Al-Mukalla but this attempt too proved unsuccessful. He went back to Aden for the last time to live out the final years of his life.
Bawazir was a prolific author and worked across a range of genres including short stories, novels, plays, children's books, and autobiography, not to mention shorter journalistic pieces for newspapers and magazines. As early as the 1950s, he was writing a column in "Angham" (Melodies) magazine. His first published short story entitled "Hikaya" (A Tale) came out in 1961 in the pages of Al-Taliyaa, an Al-Mukalla newspaper. Another of his stories for Al-Taliyaa entitled "The Devil's Tree" was eventually included in the national school curriculum. Al-Taliyaa also published his first play "Al-Muhakama" (The Trial) in 1962. His works heavily reflected the turbulent social and political scene of the 1960s. 
His first collection of short stories was called "Al-Rimal al-Dhahabiya" (The Golden Sands) and was published in 1965, bringing together stories that had previously appeared in various newspapers in Al-Mukalla and Aden. His second collection was called "Thawrat al-Burkan" (The Eruption, 1968). He published several more short story collections throughout his career, the last one coming out in 1999. Bawazir is considered one of the pioneers of the short story format in Yemen. 
His many other books included novels, journalistic compilations, collections of plays and books for children. He also wrote a three-volume autobiography that was released posthumously in 2007. Bawazir died on October 7, 2004 at the age of 66 and was buried in Aden.
Bawazir's work has been translated into Italian and was included in a 2009 anthology on Yemeni literature called "Perle dello Yemen".

</doc>
<doc id="31044983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044983" title="2011 Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors season">
2011 Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors season

The 2011 Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors season is the club's eighteenth season in the K-League. The club is competing in the K-League, League Cup, Korean FA Cup, and the AFC Champions League.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 4 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31044988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044988" title="Platymantis megabotoniviti">
Platymantis megabotoniviti

Platymantis megabotoniviti is an extinct species of frog in the family Ceratobatrachidae. The species was described from bones of late Quaternary age from caves on Viti Levu, Fiji. "P. megabotoniviti" is much larger than the other two species of "Platymantis" known from Fiji, "P. vitianus" and "P. vitiensis".

</doc>
<doc id="31044993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31044993" title="Léon Théry">
Léon Théry

Léon Théry (16 April 1879 – 8 March 1909) was a French racing driver, nicknamed "Le Chronometer", who won the premier European race, the Gordon Bennett Cup, in both 1904 and 1905.
Career.
Théry started out as a mechanic which gave him an understanding of the need to drive according to the car's abilities, and nurse it home to victory. His nickname was "Le Chronometer", for his reliable lap times, and he became one of the top drivers in the early 1900s.
He competed respectably up until 1903, driving a Decauvillle, and became a "voiturette" champion. He is regarded as winning 'one of the first Voiturette races, if not the very first'.
1899.
His first appearance was the Paris-Bordeaux city to city race in 1899. His tiller-steered Decauville "voiturelle" averaged less than for the race, and when he reached Bordeaux, he was totally exhausted, struck by amnesia and was heard repeating: ""“Do not stop me, I have to arrive at Bordeaux!”". Nevertheless, this was enough for second place, behind the Decauville of Gabriel, and ahead of a second teammate.
1901.
In 1901, Théry drove a Decauville "voiturelle" in the Paris-Rouen-Paris race on 11/03/1900, winning the "Coupe des Voiturettes" ("voiturette" class).
Théry became renowned for his methodical documentation in a 'race log' of circuit details, road conditions, tyres, engine reliability, and car performance. He then drove scrupulously to the speed he had calculated in the race log.
1902.
1902 was a year of trauma. He entered his Decauville in the Paris-Vienna race on 26–29 June, accompanied by his mechanic Muller. Brake failure on the Arlberg pass (1,793 m (5,883 ft)) in Austria tested all his skills in avoiding disaster. In the Ardennes Cup race on 31 July, they hit a cow at full speed.
1903.
In 1903, Théry joined the French manufacturer Richard-Brasier.
1904.
On 20 May 1904, Théry won the Gordon Bennett Elimination Trial at Argonne, France, driving an Richard-Brasier.
On 17 June 1904, he won the Gordon Bennett Cup at Homburg in the Taunus mountains of Germany. The event drew entries from eight countries and was considered the single most important race in Europe. Théry's Richard-Brasier 80 hp triumphed over Camille Jenatzy's Mercedes. Each lap was of primitive roads, but all his lap times were within a 3 minute range.
Théry's victory meant instant fame such that when he and Henri Brasier arrived in Paris they received an enthusiastic reception at the ACF premises, appearing on the balcony to acknowledge thousands of cheering Parisians. A series of banquets and festivities followed, whence - during one of them - Fernand Charron announced the subscription he had started had raised 12,200 FF. Théry was awarded the interest of a lifetime bond, and another subscription was opened for the three mechanics that had accompanied him, including Muller his riding mechanic. Brasier presented Théry with the winning car that he took to America, earning a big purse, but little racing success.
1905.
The 1905 Gordon Bennett Cup, as agreed by its rules, was held in France, the home country of its previous winner.
On 16 June 1905, Théry won the Gordon Bennett Elimination Trial in the Auvergne, France, driving a Richard-Brasier.
On 5 July, Théry and his riding mechanic Mueller won their second Gordon Bennett Cup, driving an eleven litre 96Hp Richard-Brasier over 4 laps (548 km) of a circuit in the Auvergne mountains of France. Théry and Charles-Henri Brasier received a hero's welcome on the streets of Paris, before being received in the Elysée Palace by the President of France, Émile Loubet.
1906 onwards.
Although his success in the 1904 and 1905 Gordon Bennett Cup events had contributed to the Automobile Club de France (ACF) organising the 1906 Grand Prix de l'Automobile Club de France, he did not enter the 1906 or 1907 French Grand Prix. He tried to build his own racing car, a financial enterprise that failed completely, and forced him to work as chauffeur for the "La Vie au Grand Air" reporter at the 'Bordeaux-Paris' bicycle race in May 1908.
In 1908 he returned to driving for Brasier and entered the Grand Prix of France, but he retired on the last lap of the 10 lap race with a collapsed wheel. He was running fourth overall and first of the French cars. This was the last race of his career.
Michelin.
Théry worked for Michelin. Some sources () report him as responsible for naming "Bibendum", the Michelin Man. The rubber-man had been popular with the French public since the Michelin brothers introduced it at Lyon in 1894, and had acquired a variety of nicknames. At the 1898 Paris–Amsterdam–Paris race, Léon greeted André Michelin with a shout, "Here comes Bibendum!". Michelin immediately adopted the name (Latin for "time to drink") to show his tyres could 'drink' spikes, nails, glass, etc.
Death and Commemoration.
Théry died of tuberculosis at the age of 29. His tomb is in the Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris.
In 2005, the hundredth anniversary of Théry's Gordon Bennett victory in France, many events were organized. The Post Office issued a stamp and the Paris Mint struck a commemorative medal representing Théry driving his Brasier.

</doc>
<doc id="31045031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045031" title="Hylobius transversovittatus">
Hylobius transversovittatus

Hylobius transversovittatus is a species of weevil in the family Curculionidae. It is native to the Old World where both adults and larvae feed on purple loosestrife ("Lythrum salicaria"). This plant is regarded as an invasive species in North America and the weevil has been introduced into both the United States and Canada in an effort to control the plant. 
Description.
The adult "Hylobius transversovittatus" is a dark brown colour with two irregular transverse lines of tufts of white hair. It is about thirteen millimetres long and six millimetres wide and has a narrow head and thorax and a curved trunk-like proboscis. The antennae are elbowed and the legs reddish. The eggs are white or pale yellow and oval in shape and hatch within about two weeks. The larvae are a creamy colour with dark brown heads and adopt a crescent shape.
Biology.
Adult "Hylobius transversovittatus" beetles emerge in the spring from the soil or leaf litter where they have been overwintering. They feed on the leaves of purple loosestrife ("Lythrum salicaria") and are mostly nocturnal. Their presence is evidenced by the ragged edges to leaves caused by their chewing. They are most active from June to August and may live for several years. The females lay about 200 eggs over a period of two to three months with each being deposited singly near the roots of purple loosestrife or occasionally on the stem. On hatching, the soil-laid larvae feed on root hairs before burrowing their way into the root where they feed on tissue within the woody rootstock. Stem-laid larvae tunnel into the stem and work their way down to the root. Larval development may be interrupted by periods of flooding and resume when the water level falls. The larvae undergo two moults over a period of one to two years before forming pupation chambers in the upper part of the root. They then moult again and become pupae. When metamorphosis is complete, the adult beetles chew their way out, usually emerging between July and October. The weevils can overwinter in any of their life stages, as eggs, larvae, pupae or adults.
Host species.
"Hylobius transversovittatus" seems to be host-specific to purple loosestrife "(Lythrum salicaria)". Before it was introduced into North America the weevil was tested on about fifty plants native to the continent to see whether they were susceptible to attack. Of these, only swamp loosestrife ("Decodon verticillatus") and winged loosestrife ("Lythrum alatum") were found to be potential hosts. It was found however that if purple loosestrife was available, it was preferred over these native species and the weevil was considered not to be a threat to non-target plants.
Use in biological control.
Purple loosestrife is a native of Europe, Asia, northwest Africa and parts of Australia. In these countries a number of insects are associated with it. These include "Hylobius transversovittatus", the adults of which eat the foliage and the larvae of which tunnel through and eat the root. When purple loosestrife was introduced into North America these insects were not available to keep it under control and it became rampant. It is now found in large stands throughout the northeastern United States, southeastern Canada and the American Midwest where it crowds out other species and is a threat to biodiversity.
The weevils and their eggs were introduced to test sites in Virginia from 1992 onwards. They became successfully established and six years after the introduction, 28% of the roots of purple loosestrife plants were found to be infested. Larvae were also detected in roots four hundred metres downstream from the release point. Although the feeding of the adult weevils does little damage to the plant, the activities of the larvae, especially if there are several in one rootstock, weaken the plant, make it more susceptible to stressful conditions and reduce the quantity of seed produced.

</doc>
<doc id="31045042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045042" title="Gundala">
Gundala


</doc>
