<doc id="31034923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034923" title="List of Neighbours characters (2002)">
List of Neighbours characters (2002)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" in 2002, by order of first appearance. They were all introduced by the show's executive producer Stanley Walsh. The 18th season of "Neighbours" began airing on 21 January 2002. David Karakai began appearing as Marc Lambert from February and his mother Chloe Lambert arrived in April. The first member of the Hoyland family, Rosie, was introduced in March. Irish actor, Patrick Harvey began appearing as Connor O'Neil from April and Andrea McEwan joined the cast as Penny Watts in May. That same month also saw the introductions of Valda Sheergold and Rosie's granddaughter, Summer. Summer's brother, Boyd, arrived in June along with Nina Tucker, played by singer Delta Goodrem. July saw the introductions of Tahnee Coppin, Carmel Tyler and Penny's sister, Sindi. The fourth member of the Hoyland family, Max, made his debut in August. Maureen Edwards began portraying Ruby Dwyer from early November. Daniel Clohesy also began appearing from early November and his domestic abuse storyline formed part of a campaign by the BBC. Lori Lee and Tahnee's brother, Taj, arrived later that month.
Marc Lambert.
Marcus "Marc" Lambert, played by David Karakai, made his first appearance on 20 February 2002. Marc and his wealthy family buy and run Lassiter's Hotel. Marc becomes engaged to Stephanie Scully, but he also falls for her sister, Felicity.
Karakai told the BBC that he thinks his character is suited to both Stephanie (Carla Bonner) and Felicity (Holly Valance) and that Marc wants both of them. However, he picked Felicity as the girl for Marc and said "Probably because he's immature, he just wants a younger girl." Karakai said that he is nothing like his character and that he would never do what Marc did to anybody. He added that he has not had any bad reactions from the public over his storyline. Of the moment when Steph realises that Marc is having an affair with her sister Felicity, "The Age" said the reveal "was effected by a single look between Marc, at the altar but unable to complete his vows, and Felicity, a bridesmaid. Steph knew the import of that glance in a second and with it, her heart, and viewers' hearts, shattered. It was Steph's wordless realisation, her moment of clarity, that made us weep." In May 2002, Karakai, Valance and Blair McDonough went to Sydney to film a number of scenes. Felicity runs away to the city and Marc and Stuart Parker follow her. Stuart tries to persuade them both to return home. Karakai and Valance filmed scenes together on a water taxi.
Marc was brought up within a wealthy family and he did not have to work hard for the things in his life. When the Lambert's purchase Lassiter's Hotel, Marc takes over the job of assistant manager and he spends his first days scouting the local businesses to see if they can work in a partnership together. Marc meets Stephanie Scully when she parks her motobike in his space and he meets her again in The Coffee Shop when they both go to get a drink. They bump into each other again and Steph accuses Marc of following her, they get their phones mixed up and are forced to meet up and swap them back. Marc asks Steph to go for a drink, she turns him down, but she later notices him in the pub and goes over to talk to him. They agree to start afresh and they eventually go on a date together. Marc takes her away on a business trip to Hong Kong and they fall in love. Marc suddenly proposes and Steph accepts. Marc introduces her to his parents, John (Barry O'Connor) and Chloe (Stephanie Daniel), and they immediately dislike Steph and vow to stop the engagement. Marc starts getting close to Steph's sister, Felicity (Holly Valance), who works at Lassiter's. Marc knows who Felicity is, but she had not met Steph's new boyfriend. When she finally meets Marc, she is shocked as she had begun to develop feelings for him. Marc and Felicity end up kissing and Felicity tries to avoid Marc, so she does not ruin Steph's happiness.
Marc realises that his feelings for Felicity are stronger than his feelings for Steph. Weeks before the wedding, Felicity tells Marc that she is in love with him. Felicity decides to leave, but her mother, Lyn (Janet Andrewartha) convinces her to stay for the wedding. Steph announces that she is pregnant and Marc decides that he has no choice but to stand by her. He rejects Felicity, but shortly before the ceremony, he and Steph learn that the pregnancy is a false alarm. Marc hesitates during the wedding and when he glances in Felicity's direction, Steph realises that he loves her sister. Marc then tells her that he cannot marry her. Felicity goes to Sydney and Marc and Stuart Parker (Blair McDonough) follow her. Marc finds her and tries to impress her with a holiday and car, but Felicity realises that they are part of the honeymoon and tells Marc to go away. Marc tries to speak to Steph, but she throws her ring at him and tells him that she never wants to see him again. Marc manages to convince Felicity that they can salvages their relationship, but she starts to back away. Marc tries to talk her into staying with him, but she ends things between them. Marc is not happy and he locks her in his car to try and talk her around. He realises that things are truly over and he leaves for London.
The BBC said Marc's most notable moment was "Calling off the wedding when he was supposed to say I do." In 2007, the "Herald Sun" placed Steph's discovery of Marc and Felicity's affair at number four on their list of "Neighbours" Top Ten moments. They said "Steph and Marc had a quick engagement, but in the meantime Marc fell in love with Flick. Flick tried but couldn't hide the fact that she also loved her sister's betrothed. Steph and Marc made it all the way to the alter, but after she said "I do", he replied: "I can't, I'm in love with your sister." Priceless".
Rosie Hoyland.
Reverend Rosie Hoyland (née Barclay), played by Maggie Millar, made her first on-screen appearance on 13 March 2002. Rosie an Anglican Minister and the mother of Max and Izzy Hoyland. During an interview with George Negus, Millar revealed that she got the role of Rosie, "quite by accident" and that it regenerated her love of acting. Millar had called the show's casting director Jan Russ to see if a friend of hers could visit the set, and Russ revealed that there was a role coming up. Millar came out of retirement to play Rosie. In October 2002, it was announced that Millar's contract would not be renewed when it ran out in November of that year. Millar was upset by the news and fans began a campaign to keep her and Rosie in the show. More than 700 people wrote to Millar's website, backing the campaign. A BBC reporter said that fans wanted to keep the mix of young and old characters and that Rosie had been a popular character since she joined "Neighbours".
Rosie arrives in Erinsborough as the new reverend of St. Stephens Church. She immediately catches the eye of Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver) and Harold Bishop (Ian Smith). It is revealed that Rosie sent her son, Max (Stephen Lovatt), to boarding school, while she went to find herself and become a minister. Max resented Rosie for leaving him, but forgave her when she supported him after his wife died. Rosie then became a mother figure to her grandchildren, Boyd (Kyal Marsh) and Summer (Marisa Siketa), and took them in when Max starts working on oilrigs. Rosie soon becomes involved in committees and community events. She also becomes a regular visitor to the Coffee Shop and the pub, which are owned by Harold and Lou. Rosie conducts the christening of Ben Kirk (Noah Sutherland). Lou sets about trying to win Rosie over and offers to help with the church fundraisers. Rosie is initially oblivious to Lou's interest in her and she builds up a strong friendship with Harold. Rosie eventually realises that both Lou and Harold like and she is put in an awkward position, when both men ask her out one evening. Rosie arranges to meet them both at the hospital and she suggests they help her out with her work, knowing they would agree. She later winds them up by having dinner with her brother, Colin (Paul Glen), without telling them who he is.
Rosie supports Harold when he temporarily loses his sigh and keeps him company in the hospital. Rosie and Lou walk in on Harold confessing that he likes Rosie, and Rosie is put in an uncomfortable position. Rosie encourages Lou to move in with Harold, when he is discharged from the hospital. As a thank you to Rosie, Harold invites her for dinner. Rosie does not feel right about excluding Lou and invites him to join them for dessert. Rosie became more attracted to Lou and she tells him that she only sees Harold as a good friend. Harold is devastated when Rosie tells him the truth. Rosie and Lou are accidentally locked in the vestibule at the church one night and a fire breaks out. Felicity Scully (Holly Valance) sees the fire and saves them. Rosie immediately starts planning fundraisers to rebuild the church. Harold discovers that Rosie and Lou are in a relationship, and he is hurt that they did not tell him. Max returns from the oilrigs and decides to settle in Erinsborough, so he could raise his children. Rosie is sad that Boyd and Summer have to move out of her home, but Max tells her that she can visit them anytime she wants. Lou and Rosie's relationship becomes strained. Lou writes a letter to Rosie, but Harold accidentally drops it into some water. Rosie is confused when Lou gives her the cold shoulder. Harold eventually explains what had happened and Rosie and Lou agrees to give their relationship another go.
Rosie's conventional approach to community and church-related matters makes the Bishop uncomfortable and he eventually has Rosie transferred out of Erinsborough. Rosie is shocked when she is told that she will be moving to Byron Bay. Lou and Harold then fight for Rosie to stay. The Archbishop tells Rosie that he will look into the matter. Lou and Harold's friendship begins to suffer and Rosie puts her relationship with Lou on hold. Harold joins a dating agency and Rosie confesses to Lyn Scully (Janet Andrewartha) that she has started to develop strong feelings for him. Harold meets Ruby Dwyer (Maureen Edwards) and Rosie becomes suspicious of her, but refuses to admit that she is jealous. She later breaks up with Lou. Money starts to go missing whenever Ruby is around and Rosie tries to tell Harold that she suspects Ruby is taking it. Ruby confesses to Rosie that she has a gambling addiction and she arranged to have Harold's house burgled. Rosie eventually tells Harold what Ruby had told her and Harold is furious that Rosie broke her vows to the church. Ruby reports her to the Bishop and some people stop coming to Rosie's services. Rosie announces that she is going to work in Papua New Guinea and she later settles in Fiji.
A BBC writer stated that Rosie's most notable moment was "Escaping from the burning church in episode 4000."
Chloe Lambert.
Chloe Lambert, played by Stephanie Daniel, is the mother of Marc and Jordan Lambert. She made her first on-screen appearance on 5 April 2002. Daniel had previously appeared in "Neighbours" as Ruth Wilson in 1985. She was called in to audition for the role of Chloe and was successful. Daniel described Chloe as being strong, intelligent and someone who "knows her own mind." She also said that she loved Chloe's wardrobe. Daniel explained that the writers came up with the idea to pair Chloe with the younger, Darcy Tyler (Mark Raffety). She said that it was a "nice surprise" and thought that the storyline was "great" and "a groundbreaker."
Chloe and her husband, John Lambert (Barry O'Connor), take over Lassiter's and Chloe takes control of the day to day running of the hotel. Their son, Marc (David Karakai), begins a relationship with Stephanie Scully (Carla Bonner) and Chloe and John are invited to meet her parents, Joe (Shane Connor) and Lyn (Janet Andrewartha). Things go downhill when Chloe and John discover that Marc and Steph are engaged. Chloe tells John that Marc will not be marrying a Scully. Steph tries to make an effort with Chloe, but it is a battle to win her over. Steph eventually tells Chloe that she feels that Chloe does not think she is good enough for Marc and her family. Chloe is impressed with her bravery. Steph's sister, Felicity (Holly Valance), begins working at the hotel and Chloe realises that she is not going to see the back of the Scully family any time soon. Shortly before the wedding, Chloe explains to Steph that she feels that Marc is not mature enough for a marriage and that he is only going through with it to spite her and John. Chloe is almost right, as the wedding is stopped when Marc reveals that he loves Felicity. This causes Chloe to pass out. After Marc attempts to form a relationship with Felicity, Chloe sends him to London.
Chloe keeps a low profile around the town and the locals. When Felicity returns from America, Chloe rehires her to work on reception at Lassiter's. Chloe explains that she admires Felicity for returning. Chloe and John's marriage gets into trouble and she finds comfort in Darcy Tyler's company. When Chloe has an asthma attack, Darcy helps her and she asks him out to say thank you. They go to a showing of "The Graduate" and Chloe later gives Darcy an expensive watch. When she tells him that John has asked her for a divorce, Darcy wonders about her offer of friendship. After a break-in at her home, Chloe asks Darcy to stay the night, but in separate rooms. In the morning, Chloe's daughter, Jordan (Hannah Jankiewicz), comes home from boarding school and is shocked to see Darcy. The burglars return and Darcy and Chloe are tied up together and they reflect on their feelings. The maid finds them the next day and Chloe and Darcy later sleep together. Jordan vows to get rid of Darcy and she manages to get him alone. She then runs home crying to Chloe and claims that Darcy had made a move on her. Chloe is not sure whom to believe, but when Darcy is attacked in the Lassiter's car park, Jordan reveals that she made the story up and arranged for Darcy to be beaten up. When Chloe sees Darcy with baby Ben Kirk (Noah Sutherland), she realises that he would make a good father. She knows that she would not be able to provide him with a child and Chloe ends the relationship.
The BBC said Chloe's most notable moment was "Being tied up with Darcy for the night while her house was being robbed."
Connor O'Neill.
Connor O'Neill, played by Patrick Harvey, made his first on-screen appearance on 19 April 2002. Harvey auditioned for casting director Jan Russ and he read the part in an Australian accent, which Russ said was the "best" she had ever heard. However, they decided to go with Harvey's natural Irish accent for the character. Connor is described as being an "Irish funny-man."
Penny Watts.
Penny Watts, played by Andrea McEwan, made her first on-screen appearance on 16 May 2002. Penny is the sister of Sindi and cousin of Lana Crawford. Penny get a job in the Coffee Shop and dates Darcy Tyler. Digital Spy described Penny as being "clumsy." Of appearing in "Neighbours", McEwan told the "Irish Independent", "It's a rite of passage. I started off as an actress – and if you act in Australia then you will end up being on "Neighbours". It's a small industry and there are relatively few programmes."
Penny comes to the surgery to see Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) about her tennis elbow, but he is not there and she sees Darcy Tyler (Mark Raffety) instead. Penny and Darcy are attracted to each other and when Penny later twists her ankle, Darcy comes to her rescue. However, Darcy knows that it is unethical to get involved with a patient and tries to avoid her clutches. Darcy discovers that Penny is an old friend of Tess Bell (Krista Vendy) and he becomes suspicious that he is being set up. Penny does not give up easily and she gets a job at the Coffee Shop, so she can be close to Darcy. Penny is a natural with the customers, but her clumsiness forces Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) to make the decision to let her go. However, he when the locals protest, he changes his mind. Penny finds out that Darcy is teaching a first aid course and she goes along. They almost kiss, but they are interrupted by Dee Bliss (Madeleine West). Dee warns Darcy not to get involved with a Penny, but Darcy and Penny begin seeing each other in secret. Karl recommends Darcy for a job at the hospital, but Penny turns up during the interview. Darcy takes her for a chat, but they end up kissing and Karl sees them. He threatens to report Darcy to the medical board and Darcy ends things between him and Penny.
Penny is devastated and she becomes friends with Stephanie Scully (Carla Bonner), who had also split up from her boyfriend. Darcy realises that Penny means something to him and he tries to get her back by arranging for someone to serenade her. They get back together and Penny meets Darcy's mother, Carmel (Kirsty Child). Darcy meets Penny's sister, Sindi (Marisa Warrington), and there is a spark between them. Penny is suspicious when she notices Darcy and Sindi's behaviour around each other. Darcy arranges for Penny to ride in a horse-drawn carriage, but she is disappointed when he does not propose. Penny sees Darcy giving some money to Sindi and is convinced that there is something going on between them. She then reports him to the medical board for taking advantage of her when she was his patient and disappears from Darcy's life.
Summer Hoyland.
Summer Hoyland, played by Marisa Siketa, made her first on-screen appearance on 20 May 2002. Summer is the youngest child of Claire and Max Hoyland (Stephen Lovatt) and sister to Boyd (Kyal Marsh). Upon her arrival, Summer becomes the "resident trouble-maker." She develops close relationships with older woman because of her mother's death.
Valda Sheergold.
Valda Lynette Sheergold, played by Joan Sydney, made her first on-screen appearance on 22 May 2002. Valda is Lyn Scully's mother and grandmother to Stephanie, Felicity, Michelle, Jack and Oscar. She tries to form romances with both Harold Bishop and Lou Carpenter, but she marries Charlie Cassidy instead. In 2007, it was announced that Sydney would be reprising her role of Valda as a regular cast member, just as "Neighbours" began returning to its roots of family-focused drama. In an old home movie, a young Valda was portrayed by Lauren Anderson.
Lyn Scully (Janet Andrewartha) announces that her Aunt Valda cannot make Stephanie (Carla Bonner) and Marc's (David Karakai) wedding, much to the family's relief. However, Valda does turn up on the afternoon of wedding, shortly after it had been called off. The Kennedys offer Valda a room, which she accepts. Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) is not happy when she moves her two poodles, Blanche and Stella, in. Valda develops an interest in Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) and when Karl throws her out, Harold invites her to move in with him. Valda sets up a double date for her and Harold with Rosie Hoyland (Maggie Millar) and Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver). Harold asks for Rosie's help in putting Valda off of him and she attempts to tell Valda that she is not Harold's type. Valda misunderstands Rosie and believes Lou and Harold are a couple. When Harold realises that Valda thinks he is gay, he tries to tell her the truth and ends up kissing her. Valda is thrilled with this development. When she finds an old stamp, which is worth thousands of dollars, she sets off on a cruise. Valda returns unannounced months later and reveals that she found romance with a man named Andreas. He writes to Valda and tells her that he will visit and bring her poodles. Valda soon admits that she has little of her money left and she gets a job at the pub, cooking meals. Valda manages to convince Lou to keep her on full-time, when her ideas, such as themed meals, see profits go up.
Valda helps Lyn during her pregnancy, but Lyn finds Valda's advice hard to take as she does not have any children of her own. Valda tells Andreas that she is not as rich as he thinks and he dumps her over the phone and sends her poodles back. Valda then falls for Lou. She tells him that she is really Lyn's mother and Lou promises to keep the information to himself. Valda runs away when Joe Scully (Shane Connor) kicks her out of the Scully house. Lou and Steph find her and realise that she is suffering from pneumonia, they rush her to the hospital. While Valda is recovering, Lyn discovers that she is her mother and not Connie O'Rourke (Val Jellay). Valda is unaware of Lyn's discovery and when she goes to see her family, Joe warns Valda her that everyone knows the truth. Lyn refuses to speak Valda and blocks her out of her life. Lyn becomes curious about her real father, Charlie Cassidy (Cliff Ellen), and asks Valda where she can find him. Valda tells her that he used to run a fishing business in Shelly Bay and they go to see Charlie. Valda is sad to learn that Charlie had never loved her, but she makes up with Lyn. She then decides to take a chef's job near Broome, but comes back to see her new grandson's christening and for Christmas.
When she finds out Lou is engaged to Trixie Tucker (Wendy Stapleton), she is devastated. During the wedding, Valda announces the marriage is a sham. Months later, Valda comes back to teach at a catering school and Lou decides to make a go of things with her. They end up living and working together and try to go on a date. Charlie comes to town and he proposes to Valda, she accepts and they marry. Charlie dies shortly after returning from their honeymoon and Valda moves to Shelley Bay. Lyn joins her a few years later. Valda creates her own online company selling lingerie. Valda comes back to Erinsborough and Lou is keen to learn about her new online venture. Valda convinces Carmella Cammeniti (Natalie Blair) to take her fruit and veg business online too. Valda discovers that that man who designed her website is bankrupt and her site just consists of one page with no way to buy things on it. Valda takes money from her bank account to pay back both Lou and Carmella, who had lost their money. Valda sells her car Steph offers to loan her money to pay off her debts. Valda helps out at Charlie's bar. One day she falls asleep in the kitchen and Lou has to save her when the room fills with smoke. Valda asks Harold if he will drop her off in Shelley Bay, as he leaves for his trip around Australia and she departs Erinsborough once again.
Paul Kalina of "The Age" said Valda is "a Margaret Thatcher-lookalike whose gravity-defying hairdo probably accounts for the hole in the ozone layer." Last Broadcast said Valda was one of seven best-loved characters who have departed and returned to "Neighbours", they also called her a "troublemaker." The BBC said Valda's most notable moment was "When she thought that she had turned Harold from gay to straight with her womanly charms."
Boyd Hoyland.
Boyd Hoyland, played by Kyal Marsh, made his first on-screen appearance on 5 June 2002. Boyd is Claire and Max Hoyland's (Stephen Lovatt) only son and brother to Summer (Marisa Siketa) and Charlie (Jacob Brito). Marsh joined the cast of "Neighbours" when he was fourteen years old. Boyd is described as Ramsay Street's "blue-eyed hunk" who is a "studious schoolboy."
Nina Tucker.
Nina Tucker, played by singer Delta Goodrem, made her first on-screen appearance on 11 June 2002. Goodrem almost turned down the role of Nina as she was not happy with the "bad girl" character written for her. Goodrem had a record deal with Sony Records at the time and felt the part did not suit her music. The "Neighbours" producers rewrote the role for her. Goodrem's first single "Born To Try" was incorporated into the show and it became the number one single within weeks of it being performed.
Tahnee Coppin.
Tahnee Coppin, played by Anna Jennings-Edquist, is the sister of Taj Coppin. She made her first on-screen appearance on 2 July 2002. "The Sunday Times" described Tahnee as a "super-bitch schoolgirl."
Tahnee pursues Michelle Scully's (Kate Keltie) boyfriend, Connor O'Neil (Patrick Harvey), despite being warned off. When Tahnee realises that Connor cannot read or write, she begins to blackmail him. Tahnee tells him that he has to kiss her if he does not want his secret revealed to everyone. Michelle, unaware that Tahnee is blackmailing her boyfriend, starts to become friendly with her. When Joe Scully (Shane Connor) sees Tahnee and Connor together, Connor decides to tell Michelle the truth. He explains to Tahnee that the blackmail has to stop, but he cannot go through with telling Michelle and Tahnee cannot go through with it either. Tahnee decides to get some sympathy and she pretends that her mother is in the hospital. Michelle is horrified when Tahnee later admits that she lied and throws her out of her house. Months later, Michelle discovers that Tahnee's grandfather is ill and they start to become friends again. Tahnee tricks Nina Tucker (Delta Goodrem) into admitting that she fancies Connor and Tahnee begins blackmailing her. Tahnee threatens to reveal everything to Michelle and drops hints when they are all in the same room together. Tahnee later dyes Nina's hair green after offering to give her a makeover.
Connor enters Nina's song, "Born To Try", into UniFM's undiscovered talent contest. As Connor had entered it anonymously, Tahnee takes the opportunity to claim that she is the singer. Nina's song wins the contest and Tahnee is just about to claim the prize when Nina stands up for herself and announces she is the real singer. Nina sings the song on stage to prove it and Tahnee reveals to Michelle that Nina is in love with Connor. When Tahnee, Michelle and Nina get through to the final interviews for an exchange programme to New York, Tahnee gets Nina to give up her interview and she gets on the programme and leaves for New York. A few months later, Tahnee returns and she uses her older brother, Taj (Jaime Robbie Reyne), to get a job at Lassiter's Hotel. Tahnee tells everyone that she had been thrown off the exchange programme, but the truth was that Tahnee had not fitted it and did not make any friends. Tahnee finds out about Nina cheating on Taj with Jack Scully (Jay Bunyan) and she decides to get revenge, but when Nina stands up for Tahnee against some bullies, they become friends. Nina is sacked for sending an email to everyone on the hotel computer system, but Tahnee owns up to her part in the joke and she is sacked too. Her parents then decide to send her away to boarding school.
The BBC said Tahnee's most notable moment was "Blackmailing Connor over his illiteracy." Ruth Deller of television website Lowculture said Tahnee was a character nobody cared about.
Carmel Tyler.
Carmel Tyler, played by Kirsty Child, made her first screen appearance on 10 July 2002. Carmel is the older sister of Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) and she was "instrumental" in helping Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) find her sister, after she went missing while suffering from retrograde amnesia. Carmel departed on 12 July 2002. On 12 September 2012, it was announced that Carmel would be returning to "Neighbours". Child was contracted for two months and she began appearing from 9 November. Child commented that returning to the set had been fun. She later revealed that the phone call asking her to return to "Neighbours" came out of the blue, saying "I was totally taken by surprise. The last time I was on, Susan had amnesia and was missing, so I came to look for her. Jackie, who I'd worked with before in "Prisoner", is a gorgeous lady and an absolute delight to work with, so it's been a real pleasure to come back."
A Channel 5 website writer stated that Carmel and Susan's "strong personalities will have them butting heads in no time. The drama escalates when the newly single ladies find themselves vying for the attention of the same man. Who will win?" "TV Week's" Jackie Bryel revealed that the man Carmel sets her sights on is Susan's ex-husband, Karl. Shortly after her arrival, Carmel reveals that she has separated from her husband, Robert, and is ready to find a new relationship. Child told Brygel "Carmel just breezes in and thinks she'll come and stay with Susan to start a new life in Erinsborough. She gives Susan a little bit of a shock, and not an entirely pleasant one! Carmel is very outgoing, and I don't think she's overly sensitive to the feelings of others. She's also very keen to find a man and wants Susan to join her on a manhunt." Carmel takes Susan along to a speed dating night and they are surprised to find Karl there too. Child explained that Carmel thinks Karl is a very eligible man, while he has no idea that she is interested in him. Carmel departed on 23 January 2013.
Carmel is Susan and Liz's (Christine Keogh) sister and the mother of Darcy Tyler (Mark Raffety). She comes to Erinsborough to visit Darcy and to help Karl Kennedy find Susan, who has run away after being diagnosed with amnesia. Carmel and Karl initially clash and start arguing, but Karl states that Carmel is the only person there that knew Susan in 1972, the year she believes it is. While looking through an old photo album, Carmel spots a boy that Susan had been close to. She struggles to remember his name, but eventually remembers that he is Craig Benson (Tim Hughes). Carmel meets Penny Watts (Andrea McEwan) in the Coffee Shop and Penny tells her that she is nervous about meeting her boyfriend's mother. That same evening, Carmel goes out to dinner with Darcy and introduces Penny as his girlfriend. She and Carmel are embarrassed to admit that they already knew each other. Carmel leaves early because she is worried about Susan. Carmel and Penny team up to play a joke on Darcy, who fears that his mother hates his girlfriend. The two women pretend to argue whenever Darcy is around, but Carmel later admits that she likes Penny and warns her son not to break her heart. Carmel's visit ends when Susan is found and she is told that there is not much else she can do.
Ten years later, Carmel comes to visit Susan in Erinsborough. She reveals that she and Robert are getting divorced. Carmel takes Susan speed dating and they run into Karl. During their turn, Carmel and Karl get on well and reminisce about the past. Carmel starts flirting with Karl, though he is initially unaware of her intentions. When Carmel states that she wants to have fun on her last day, Susan takes her to pole dancing classes and Carmel injures her knee. Susan later asks Carmel to stay a bit longer. When Susan takes Priya Kapoor (Menik Gooneratne) in, Karl invites Carmel to stay with him and she accepts his offer. Carmel later goes to Karl's room with a bottle of wine and Summer sees them leave together. Carmel states that she is going to go back home and when Susan asks why, she explains that Karl made a move on her. However, Susan learns from Karl that Carmel is lying. She confronts her sister and tells her to leave. Carmel later apologises to Karl and Susan. The day before she leaves, Carmel helps Karl and Susan come up with some ideas for a fundraising night. When Susan tells her about almost kissing Karl, Carmel tells her sister that she and Karl deserve to be happy.
Sindi Watts.
Sindi Watts, played by Marisa Warrington, made her first on-screen appearance on 19 July 2002. Warrington joined the cast in early 2002 and she described the character of Sindi as "one-part stalker, one-part lunatic."
Max Hoyland.
Max Hoyland, played by Stephen Lovatt, made his first on-screen appearance on 22 August 2002. Max is the only son of Bobby (Andrew McFarlane) and Rosie Hoyland (Maggie Millar) and brother to Izzy (Natalie Bassingthwaighte). Max is described as having a "cultivated a stern sense of responsibility." He took up work on the oil rigs after his wife died as they allowed him to deal with his grief in private.
Ruby Dwyer.
Ruby Dwyer, played by Maureen Edwards, made her first on-screen appearance on 8 November 2002. Ruby is introduced as a new love interest for Harold Bishop. She has a gambling addiction and steals from him to fund it.
Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) meets Ruby through a dating agency. Harold is happy as Ruby is kind, gentle and enjoys doing charity work. Rosie Hoyland (Maggie Millar) becomes suspicious of Harold's perfect woman. Ruby and Harold go away together and return with their relationship on firmer ground. Rosie's bad feeling about Ruby grows, but refuses to admit that she is jealous. Ruby begins to speak about her son, Derek, who is about to lose his farm because of his debts. Harold offers to loan Ruby some money. Rosie decides to look into Derek's situation and discovers that Derek does not live in the place Ruby mentioned. Ruby explains that she got the place wrong as she is growing forgetful. Money goes missing from the Coffee Shop during Ruby's shift and from Rosie's handbag during a play rehearsal.
Ruby offers to mind Harold's home, while he stays in hospital. However, she has an ulterior motive as she is desperate to pay off her debts. She arranges for two men to break into Harold's house and sell off his belongings. Rosie is convinced that the burglary was not a coincidence and she sees Ruby coming out of a casino. Ruby confesses to the burglary and reveals that she has a gambling addiction. Rosie, who is a minister, is not allowed to tell Harold the truth. However, she deems the information too severe to keep to herself and tells Harold. He is horrified that Ruby betrayed him and that Rosie betrayed her role as a minister. Ruby reports Rosie to the Bishop and tries to repair her relationship with Harold. She tells him that his friendship means a lot to her and announces that she is going away to get help for her problem.
Ruby returns to town not long after and Harold is happy to see her. He offers her a room, but she prefers to stay in a hostel. Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver) does not trust Ruby as he believes she ruined Harold's life and caused Rosie to leave town. The takings from Lou's pub are stolen and Lou immediately believes Ruby did it. He asks her if he can check her handbag. A few days later, a parcel arrives for Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) at Number 24 and Ruby goes to return it. She leaves it on the doorstep after getting no reply from the Kennedy house. Her movements are watched by Connor O'Neill (Patrick Harvey). The Kennedy home is burgled that afternoon and Ruby becomes a suspect. The evidence is against her as she offered to help Karl get some jewellery valued days before and Connor comes forward with what he saw. Ruby is arrested, but it emerges that Darcy Tyler (Mark Raffety) was the culprit and everyone apologises to Ruby. When Ruby shows Harold a statue in the window of a shop that she had put by and was gradually buying back, Harold buys it for her. Ruby is moved by the gesture, but she realises that she will not be able to stand on her own two feet with Harold there and she decides to go and stay with Derek. She says a tearful goodbye to Harold.
The BBC said Ruby's most notable moment was "organising to have Harold's house robbed to fund her gambling habit."
Daniel Clohesy.
Daniel Clohesy, played by Thomas Blackburne, is a friend of Boyd Hoyland. He made his first on-screen appearance on 11 November 2002. Daniel's domestic abuse storyline formed part of a campaign by the BBC called "Hitting Home", which aimed to "break the taboos and myths surrounding domestic violence."
In February 2003, the BBC began a season of programmes on television, radio and online about the subject of domestic violence. The BBC Press Office explained "Hitting Home features in primetime and daytime BBC ONE programming, storylines in "Casualty" and "Neighbours", a powerful intimate documentary, "Dangerous Love: Tales of Domestic Violence", an "Eastenders" special and a "Panorama" report." "Neighbours" used the character of Daniel to form a storyline about violence within the family. Boyd Hoyland (Kyal Marsh) discovers that Daniel is being beaten by his father when he notices a bruise on his face. Daniel later leaves his home and comes to Boyd asking for help. The head of BBC Lifeskills, Seetha Kumar, said "The storyline in "Neighbours" is more about the support friends can provide."
Daniel is a friend of Boyd Hoyland from Erinsborough High. They were almost enemies when Daniel started winding Boyd up about his new girlfriend, Heather Green (Megan Harrington). However, Daniel is just jealous of Boyd's luck with the girls and when he asks Boyd for advice, they become friends. Heather dumps Boyd when she hears that he has been called the school stud, but Daniel decides to help Boyd win her back. They attempt to steal a sign from Heather Street in a bid to impress her. Boyd notices a bruise on Daniel's face and he claims that some older boys had attacked him. When Boyd and Daniel see them, they turn around and run away with the stolen street sign. Max Hoyland (Stephen Lovatt) finds out about the stolen sign and tells the boys to put it back. He then arranges for a friend to make one for them. Boyd becomes suspicious about the bruise on Daniel's face and Daniel admits that his father had hit him. Boyd is concerned, but does not know what to do. One night, Daniel turns up at Boyd's home looking for a place to stay for the night. Max goes with Daniel to pick up some things from his house and he tells Daniel's father, Edward (Terry Brittingham), what is happening. He also mentions that he should get some help. Daniel and Boyd spy on the Scully bathroom and when Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) catches them, they tell him they are bird-watching and Harold shows them his ornithology books. Max later grounds them. Boyd's sister, Summer (Marisa Siketa) likes Daniel and she is devastated when he returns home. Edward was attending counselling sessions and tried to change his ways. Boyd and Daniel spread a rumour that Taj Coppin (Jaime Robbie Reyne) had slept with Libby Kennedy (Kym Valentine). Daniel teases Boyd about his relationship with Sky Mangel (Stephanie McIntosh), which does not impress her, but Boyd decides that it is time they took their relationship further.
Lori Lee.
Lori Lee, played by Michelle Ang, made her first on-screen appearance on 20 November 2002. Ang was nineteen when she joined the cast of "Neighbours" as Lori and she had to move to Melbourne for filming. Ang became one of the first Asian actors to receive a prominent role in the show. Lori is described as being a "rebel."
Taj Coppin.
Taj Coppin, played by Jaime Robbie Reyne, made his first on-screen appearance on 27 November 2002. Taj is the brother of Tahnee Coppin and he became in involved in a love quadrangle. Reyne left "Neighbours" in 2004 and he said "I don't regret doing "Neighbours", but the main reason I did leave was because everyone had warned me I'd be known as that character for life."
Taj attends Erinsborough High and becomes the captain of the football team. He catches Nina Tucker's (Delta Goodrem) attention after she begins receiving mysterious text messages. When Nina receives a text message minutes after seeing Taj, she confronts him. However, Taj denies sending the messages. He and Nina decide to go out on a date though. When Nina gets a message asking to meet her at the rotunda, Taj tells her that he will go with her and hide in the bushes. Nina is surprised to see Taj with a picnic hamper and he reveals that he did send the messages. They go away to the beach and Nina asks if he has a girlfriend, because Michelle Scully (Kate Keltie) told her that he did. Taj explains that he was dating a girl called Allie, but she moved away. Taj gets involved in the community play building props and fails to notice the romantic tension between Nina and Jack Scully (Jay Bunyan). Allie (Jessica Monaghan) comes to stay with Taj's family for a while, which worries Nina. However, she meets Allie and realises that she has nothing to worry about and Taj tells Allie that they will always be friends. Taj then tells Jack that he really loves Nina.
Taj believes his relationship with Nina is going well and he buys her a ring, but he is surprised when she does not accept it. Taj is shocked when Nina suddenly breaks up with him. He relies on Lori Lee (Michelle Ang) for support. While they are messing around at the local swimming pool, Lori slips and hits her head, resulting in her becoming paralysed. Taj feels guilty about the incident and begins to avoid his old friends. Taj goes to the pub with a fake ID, but is caught by student teacher Libby Kennedy (Kym Valentine). Libby suggests that Taj get some counselling. He starts to talk to Nina again and gets a job at Lassiter's. Taj makes up with Lori and Jack, who he starts coaching the junior girls soccer team with. Taj turns to Libby for some tutoring as his grades had slipped. They spend a lot of time together and when Libby gets some teaching work at Erinsborough High, it becomes clear that Taj sees her more than just a tutor. While Taj and Libby are editing his media work, Taj leans over and kisses her. Libby makes it clear that their relationship could never be more than teacher and student, but Taj does not listen.
On his 18th birthday, he drags Jack to a club after discovering Libby would be there. Taj walks Libby home and she kisses him. They later sleep together. Taj is upset when Libby avoids him and when the news about them is spread around Erinsborough, Libby leaves town. Taj goes to the country to see Libby, but when he sees her playing with her son, he realises that he needs to move on. Taj starts dating Edwina Valdez (Lucia Smyrk), but when she admits that she slept with Jack, Taj ends things between them. He begins listening to Stuart Parker (Blair McDonough) and attending a group called Life Mechanics. After a while he starts to question the ideas behind Life Mechanics and walks out on a meeting. He tries to convince Stuart to leave the group too and Stuart throws him out of Number 30, where he had been staying since his parents moved away. Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) offers him a room at the Kennedy house. Taj and Jack decide to get copies of exam papers, but they tell each other that they did not use them. Weeks later, the "Erinsborough News" reports on the stolen exam papers and when Taj scores in the top three percent of the school, Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney) becomes suspicious. Toadie confronts Taj, who admits that he cheated. He then withdraws from the film school that he had got into. When film-maker Sam Tinselman (Sylvia Petrice) comes to town, Toadie and Stuart make her watch Taj's film and Sam gives him a job as a runner on her next film. Taj then leaves Erinsborough.
The BBC said Taj's most notable moment was "His reaction to the news that Jack and Nina were having an affair." Ruth Deller of television website Lowculture said Taj was a character nobody cared about.

</doc>
<doc id="31034925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034925" title="Chepni people">
Chepni people

The Chepni were an ancient Turkic "boy" or "oymak" (clan).
In the "legend of Oghuz Qaghan", the Chepni was stated as one of the clans of the tribe of "Gök Han" that consists of Pecheneg ("Beçenek "), Bayandur ("Bayındır "), Chavuldur ("Çavuldur" ) and Chepni, a part of "Üç-Oklar" branch of Oghuz Turks. According to Mahmud al-Kashgari's "Diwan Lugat at-Turk " (Arabic: ديوان لغات الترك, "Compendium of Turkic Dialects"), it was 21st tribe of the 22 tribes.
Their religion was Islam (Sunni and Alevi). According to a Turkish historian, Faruk Sümer, the first murids of Hajji Bektash may be the Chepni residents of Suluca Kara Üyük (now a town of Nevşehir Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey) and some Turkish historians claim that Hajj Bektash may be of Chepni origin. Chepni people had an important role in the conquest of Trebizond during the 15th century whereas they had already started to conquer the provinces of Samsun and Sinop in 13th centuries. Most of Turkish people who settle in Trabzon, Giresun, Ordu and Samsun descend from Chepni people. 
See also.
Kayı tribe

</doc>
<doc id="31034934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034934" title="Videnskab">
Videnskab

Videnskab.dk is a Danish website launched by the Danish research ministry in April 2008 to encourage young people to show interest in research. Videnskab is the Danish word for simply "Science".
References.
Videnskab.dk is now also run commercially. It allow ads on the page and the articles is often more of popular scientific nature. There is no peer review of articles on the homepage.

</doc>
<doc id="31034938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034938" title="Hsromega">
Hsromega

The developmentally active and heat shock inducible hsromega gene in "Drosophila" produces multiple long non-coding RNA transcripts. This gene is transcriptionally active in almost all cell types of "Drosophila" and is the most actively induced following heat shock. A unique feature of the hsromega gene, which led to discovery of the 93D puff in 1970, is its singular inducibility with benzamide and a variety of other amides.
The multiple transcripts of this gene include a nuclear >10kb long nuclear transcript, hsromega-n, and a 1.9kb nuclear transcript which after splicing produces a 1.2kb cytoplasmic transcript. The >10kb nuclear hsromega-n transcript organizes the nucleoplasmic omega speckles with which heterogeneous nuclear RNA-binding proteins (hnRNPs) and certain other proteins co-localize. The omega speckles are suggested to act as storage sites for hnRNPs etc. which are not actively engaged at a given time.
The genomic architecture of this gene and hnRNP-binding properties of its large nuclear transcript are conserved in different species although the primary base sequence has diverged rapidly. Heat shock causes the omega speckles to disappear and all the omega speckle associated proteins and the hsrω-n transcript to accumulate at the 93D locus. The hsrω-n transcript directly or indirectly affects the localization/stability/activity of a variety of proteins including hnRNPs, Sxl, Hsp83, cAMP response element binding binding protein (CBP), "Drosophila" inhibitor of apoptosis protein 1 (DIAP1), JNK-signalling members, proteasome constituents, lamin C, ISWI, HP1 and poly(ADP)-ribose polymerase. In view of the interactions of this large nuclear non-coding RNA with diverse regulatory proteins, it appears to act as a hub that integrates multiple regulatory networks in cell.

</doc>
<doc id="31034939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034939" title="Rais Lebled">
Rais Lebled

Rais Lebled (Head of State) is a political rap song, released in December 2010 by Tunisian rapper El Général, which has been referred to internationally as the "anthem of the Jasmine Revolution". The lyrics of the song protest the corruption of former Tunisian president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and the situation of the Tunisian youth, particularly the impoverished. 
External links.
Rais Lebled on YouTube (with English subtitles): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeGlJ7OouR0

</doc>
<doc id="31034941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034941" title="Sankaraguptam">
Sankaraguptam

Sankaraguptam () is a village in Malikipuram mandal of East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India. Located in the delta region of Godavari the village has rich scenic beauty. Coconut, paddy, and casuarina are major crops grown.
Renowned Carnatic Vocalist Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna was born in this village.
Etymology.
The name is said to be derived when Sankara hid here to protect himself from Bhasmasura (who was blessed with boon that the head on which he places his palm would be burnt into ashes). Sankara refers to Lord Shiva and guptam is a secret, the place where Lord Shiva hid.
Temples.
Madanagopalaswamy temple, shrine of Krishna has an axe, sri pydhimambha thalli and Sattamma thlli are the famous re the traditional village goddesses instead of the flute that is normally seen.
Mutyalamma and mahalakshmi amma are the traditional village goddesses.
Major festivals.
Major festivals celebrated are Pongal (in January) celebrated in rekapllivaripalm, sagireddi vekatrao hom beside on the temple pydhimamdha thalli.
Vinayaka Chavithi (Aug-Sept)
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:
References.
Renowned Carnatic Vocalist Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna was born in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="31034949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034949" title="Cesare and Vincenzo Conti">
Cesare and Vincenzo Conti

Cesare and Vincenzo Conti, two brothers, were natives of Ancona, but went to Rome during the Pontificate of Gregory XIII, by whom they were employed, as well as by his successors, Sixtus V, Clement VIII, and Paul V. Cesare was esteemed for his grotesque ornaments, and Vincenzo painted the figures. The former died at Macerata about 1615; the latter went to the court of Savoy, and died there in 1610. Some of their works are in Santa Maria in Trastevere. In San Spirito in Sassia is the history of San Giacomo del Zucchi; in Santa Cecilia, 'St. Agnes,' and the 'Martyrdom of St. Urban.'

</doc>
<doc id="31034957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034957" title="Dash (spaniel)">
Dash (spaniel)

Dash (1830–1840) was a King Charles spaniel owned by Queen Victoria. Victoria's biographer Elizabeth Longford, called him "the Queen's closest childhood companion", and in the words of the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography", he "was the first in a long line of beloved little dogs".
He was given to Victoria's mother, the Duchess of Kent, on 14 January 1833 by Sir John Conroy, the Comptroller of the Duchess's household. By the end of April 1833, he had become Victoria's companion, and by Christmas that year she was doting on him, giving him a set of rubber balls and two pieces of gingerbread as presents. In return, the dog was loyal to Victoria; on one occasion she went sailing on a yacht, and Dash leapt from the coastline into the sea and swam after her.
Victoria, who was 13 when given Dash, had few if any childhood friends as she was raised largely isolated from other children under the so-called "Kensington System", an elaborate set of rules and protocols devised by the Duchess and Conroy. The only girl of a similar age with whom she had regular contact was Conroy's youngest daughter, Victoire, but they seemed to have had only a formal acquaintanceship. In her diary, Victoria refers to Victoire as "Miss Conroy" but the dog is showered with endearments: "dear sweet little Dash" and "dear Dashy".
In November 1834, Victoria and her mother took a holiday at St Leonards-on-Sea. They, with Dash, Lady Flora Hastings and Baroness Louise Lehzen, were driving in a landau drawn by two horses when the horses got caught in the traces and fell. With the horses struggling on the ground, there was a danger the carriage would overturn, injuring the women. Victoria scrambled out with Dash in her arms, and, as she recalled, "ran on with him in my arms calling Mama to follow, Lehzen and Lady Flora followed us also." While two passing gentleman cut the horses free, the ladies, and Dash, took shelter behind a wall.
Dash remained with Victoria after her accession as queen in 1837. Following her coronation on 28 June 1838, Victoria returned to Buckingham Palace and ran up to her rooms to give Dash his usual bath.
Dash died at the end of 1840, and was buried at Adelaide Cottage in Windsor Home Park. A marble effigy was erected over the grave, bearing the inscription:

</doc>
<doc id="31034976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034976" title="ECPAT">
ECPAT

ECPAT (End Child Prostitution, Child Pornography and Trafficking of Children for Sexual Purposes) is a non-governmental organization and the only global network of civil society organizations exclusively dedicated to ending the commercial sexual exploitation of children (CSEC). ECPAT undertakes essential work to ensure the protection of children worldwide. It contributes substantially to the prevention and the fight against all forms of sexual exploitation. It focuses on ending four main manifestations of CSEC: child pornography (child sex abuse materials), the exploitation of children in prostitution, the trafficking of children for sexual purposes and the sexual exploitation of children in travel and tourism. 
The ECPAT International network consists of a Secretariat, together with 81 national member organisations in 74 countries. The Bangkok based International Secretariat, provides technical support to member groups and coordinates research, advocacy and action to protect the rights of all children to live free from commercial sexual exploitation.
Mission.
ECPAT seeks to encourage the world community to ensure that children everywhere enjoy their fundamental rights free and secure from all forms of commercial sexual exploitation.
History.
In 1990, a conference sponsored by the Ecumenical Coalition on Third world Tourism exposed the degree to which the prostitution of children was growing in parts of Asia. The consultation ended with a commitment to take action and ECPAT was established as a three-year campaign focused on ending the ‘commercial’ aspect of child sexual exploitation. In 1996, in partnership with UNICEF and the NGO Group for the Rights of the Child (now known as Child Rights Connect), ECPAT co-organised the First World Congress against the Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children in Stockholm, Sweden. The Congress was hosted by the Government of Sweden, which also played a major role in attracting support and participation from concerned governments all over the world. It was clear that the commercial sexual exploitation of children was growing in other regions of the world. As a result of the Congress, ECPAT grew from a regional campaign into a global non-governmental organisation (NGO). ECPAT is man­dated to mon­i­tor the com­mit­ments of gov­ern­ments around the world in their legal obligations to pro­tect chil­dren from sex­ual exploita­tion. ECPAT has since been the central force behind the Second and Third World Congresses against the Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children (Yokohama, Japan – 2001, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil – 2008).
CSEC.
The commercial sexual exploitation of children is a fundamental violation of human rights and children’s rights. The key elements that this violation of children and their rights arises through a commercial transaction of some sort. That is, there is an exchange in which one or more parties gain a benefit – cash, goods or in-kind – from the exploitation for sexual purposes of someone under the age of 18.
The significance of defining in-kind transactions as commercial in nature should not be underestimated, not only because they are very common, but also because there is a tendency to view some such transactions as entailing consent on the part of a child. This includes cases where sexual exploitation occurs in exchange for protection, a place to sleep, or access to higher grades and/or promotion. The sexual exploitation of the child may profit a much wider range of people than the immediate beneficiary of the transaction. The remuneration factor distinguishes the concept of commercial sexual exploitation of children from the sexual abuse of a child where commercial gain is apparently absent, although sexual exploitation is also abuse. At the same time, it must be noted that there is a clear link between noncommercial sexual abuse of a child and the increased vulnerability of an abused child to commercial sexual exploitation.
AREAS OF WORK 
End child prostitution.
Child Prostitution occurs when someone benefits from a commercial transaction in which a child is made available for sexual purposes. Children are also involved in prostitution when they engage in sex in return for basic needs such as food, shelter or safety, or pocket money to purchase consumer goods. A child cannot consent to being prostituted and in all instances, abusers are exploiting the vulnerabilities of the child for their own gratification.
End trafficking of children for sexual purposes.
The trafficking of children for sexual purposes refers to the cross-border or internal, recruitment, transportation, harbouring, transfer or receipt of children for the purpose of sexual exploitation. This crime happens in every country in the world and affects children from walks of life . ECPAT works to stop child sex trafficking. 
End child pornography.
Child pornography means any representation of a child engaged in real or simulated sexual activities or any representation of a child for primarily sexual purposes. Since the rise of the Internet, the sheer scale of child pornography online has become overwhelming. ECPAT wants to eliminate child pornography and the exploitation of children online.
End the sexual exploitation of children in travel and tourism.
Children are the victims of traveler and tourists, either within their own country or internationally, who seek out and engages in sexual acts with them. Some offenders engage in sexual acts with children out of experimentation often fuelled by opportunity or a feeling of anonymity as a result of being away from their home. 
Agenda for Action country reports.
ECPAT produces its Agenda for Action monitoring reports to examine countries around the world and their policies and laws to protect against the commercial sexual exploitation of children. Currently in their 2nd edition, these are the only country specific reports produced on action to stopthe commercial sexual exploitation of children.
Network membership.
The ECPAT network currently consists of 81 member groups in 75 countries. These member groups (National andAffiliate) are independent civil society organisations consisting of grassrootsNGOs and coalitions of NGOs focused on a range of child rights violations.
ECPAT holds anInternational Assembly every three years to strengthen solidarity within thenetwork, share good practices and recent developments in the fight to end the commercial sexual exploitation of children, and to explore further opportunities for collaboration.
The Code of Conduct for the Protection of Children from SexualExploitation in Travel and Tourism.
The Code was developed by ECPAT Sweden after the First World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children held in 1996. It was implemented for the first time in 1998 by the three principal tour operators in Sweden with much success. This led to the initiative being adopted by the international ECPAT network resulting in reaching over 1,300 signatories across 42 countries around the world. Since 2004, The Code has operated as an independent non-profit organisation. With board members coming from the tourism industry and non-industry sectors, the organisation is guided by a group of diverse, committed leaders. Today, The Code has become an essential responsible tourism tool for the industry to integrate child protection into its corporate social responsibility or sustainable tourism initiatives.
Protecting children online.
Information and communication technologies (ICTs) are now an integral and positive component of modern life. They are as important to the educational and social development of children and young people as they are to the overall global economy. Yet their emergence as mass consumer products has also generated a number of unforeseen and unintended consequences. ICTs are enabling and promoting new forms of violence againstchildren and young people.
Around the world the rapidly expanding Internet space is making more children vulnerable to sexual exploitation and abuse. As Internet up-take rates climb in many parts of the developing world, the potential negative impact of ICTs on children could be disproportionately severe because: (i) parents, policymakers and children have less awareness of the related risks, and (ii) laws, law enforcement and social services may be lacking or scarce in comparison to more developed countries. Moreover the nature of the Internet means that a growth in online child sexual abuse material (CSAM) anywhere can have an impact everywhere. All countries thus have a stake in controlling this spread.
ECPAT International has identified, and is working to address, the following threats facilitated by ICT expansion and innovations: 
• Greater circulation of child pornography, increasingly through peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing platforms
• Increased use of mobile devices by child predators
• Use of cloud-based services to store and share Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM)
• Increase in lives streaming of child sexual abuse
• Growth in the production of self-generated (“sexting” and “sextortion”) child sexual abuse materials
• Growing trend in sexual abuse materials of young children, including infants
• Use of the virtual currency Bitcoins to purchase CSAM
ECPAT International works with a wide range of partners to prevent the exploitation of children through the misuse of the Internet and information and communication technologies (ICTs). In addition to relying on the work in the field done by some of the members of its network, the Secretariat contributes and engages with other child rights organisations, for example, through it involvement at the Internet Governance Forum (IGF) and also collaborates with international law enforcement agencies. Its active participation as a member of the Virtual Global Taskforce (VGT) is an illustration of it. Mid-2014, ECPAT has been formally accepted as a member of the European Financial Coalition against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children Online (EFC) that brings together key actors from law enforcement, the private sector and civil society in Europe with the common goal of fighting the commercial sexual exploitation of children online by joining forces to take action on the payment and ICT systems that are used to run these illegal operations. It is also part of the International Telecommunication Union´s (ITU) Child Online Protection initiative (COP). ECPAT has signed agreements with major players such as the International Association of Internet Hotlines (INHOPE), the Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) and Child Helpline International (CHI). It also articulates specific initiatives with industry partners ranging from Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to online game providers, content and cloud providers, seeking to promote the development and the use of technological tools that will disrupt or reduce the availability of images of sexual abuse online. 
ECPAT actively advocates at national, regional and global levels for the ratification of international and regional legal instruments such as the Optional Protocol to the Convention of the rights of the Child on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography and the Council of Europe’s Convention on the Protection of Children against Sexual Exploitation and Abuse (Lanzarote convention), in addition to the harmonisation of national laws with these instruments.
Campaigns.
The Stop Sex Trafficking of Children and Young People campaign, launched by ECPATInternational and The Body Shop (2009–2012), engaged the public as advocates and called on governments to safeguard the rights of children and adolescents to protect them from sex trafficking. During the three-year campaign 7,044,278 petition signatures were collected worldwide. The petitions were presented to government officials around the world and to the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva in September 2012.
Resources.
ECPAT International produces a variety of research publications, resources and manuals for use by its network members, other NGOs, UN agencies, and researchers. These include studies on specific forms of commercial sexual exploitation, good practice models, and journals.

</doc>
<doc id="31034993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034993" title="Duckfat">
Duckfat

Duckfat is a small restaurant and alternative sandwich shop in Portland, Maine. Located at 143 Middle Street in the Old Port neighborhood, the restaurant was opened in 2005 by Rob Evans, a local chef. Evans also owns a nearby restaurant named "Hugo's". The name derives from the main menu item, Belgian french fries twice cooked in duckfat. In 2004, the restaurant's tuna melt sandwich was named one of the top sandwiches in the United States by Esquire Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31034999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31034999" title="Mustard (software)">
Mustard (software)

Mustard is a microblogging software application for Android, compatible with both Twitter and Status.net services.
As of February 28, 2011 it was the most used identi.ca client for Android platform and the 14th most used client overall.
It is mainly developed by Michele Azzolari (Macno) and one of the most interesting features is the ability to consolidate different timelines from different accounts into a single list. On the missing features list, the ability to send "direct messages" to individual users without appearing in the public timeline.

</doc>
<doc id="31035000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035000" title="Paonias macrops">
Paonias macrops

Paonias macrops is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31035009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035009" title="Sangaia">
Sangaia

Sangaia is an extinct genus of rhytidosteid temnospondyl from the early Triassic period of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil (Paleorrota). It is known from the holotype UMVT 4302, the left half of a partial skull, a partial palate, from the paratype UMVT 4303, a partial right palatal fragment and from the referred specimens PV 0497 T and MCN PV 2606, skull fragments, recovered from the Sanga do Cabral Formation in the Rośario do Sul Group. 
This taxon originally was named "Cabralia lavinai" by Sérgio Dias-da-Silva, Claudia Marsicano and Cesar Leandro Schultz in 2006 but this name was preoccupied by the Brazilian butterfly "Cabralia" (Moore, 1882). Thus, Dias-da-Silva and Marsicano proposed "Sangaia" as a replacement generic name later in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31035013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035013" title="GAMER Manpack">
GAMER Manpack

Saab’s GAMER Manpack is used in smaller military exercises when the instructor wants to have control of the exercise and at the same time be able to be near the action. The actual GAMER Manpack consists of a miniaturised radio base station and a laptop with an exercise-command-and-control system. These are small enough to be carried around in a backpack.
The instructor decides through the system what is to happen in the exercise, this is communicated through the radio. Information about what is happening during the exercise is sent back to the system through specific vests the soldiers are wearing (Personnel Detection Devices (PDD’s)). In this way it is possible to control simulated minefields, indirect fires and simulated bombs. 
The instructor then follows how each soldier acts as an individual and a member of the group. This movement is also saved and the information is then saved to be used in the evaluation of the exercise.
GAMER Manpack can also be used in civil training. For example, in 2009 the UK Ministry of Defence Police purchased three GAMER Manpacks and related products to be used in their training.

</doc>
<doc id="31035015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035015" title="Rainer Bock">
Rainer Bock

Rainer Bock (born 1954) is a German actor. Bock was born in Kiel. He had already worked as a stage actor for about 25 years, beginning in 1982, in Kiel, at the National Theatre Mannheim, the Staatstheater Stuttgart, and at the Bavarian State Theatre in Munich, before his film work increased by the end of the 2000s. In 2011, four films he acted in were presented at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31035039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035039" title="List of number-one singles of 2011 (Poland)">
List of number-one singles of 2011 (Poland)

This is a list of the songs that reached number-one position in official polish single chart in ZPAV in 2011.
There was a total of 19 number-one singles in 2011.
In 2011, fifteen artists gained their first number-one single in Poland either as a lead or featured act: Duck Sauce, Andrzej Piaseczny, Nelly, Ewa Farna, Bruno Mars, The Black Eyed Peas, Blue Café, Sylwia Grzeszczak, Zakopower, Adele, Maroon 5, Christina Aguilera, Olly Murs, Rizzle Kicks and Foster the People.
In 2011, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Adele and Sylwia Grzeszczak each scored their second number-one singles in Poland. Rihanna also scored her fourth number-one single in Poland. Sylwia Grzeszczak's "Małe rzeczy" was the longest-running number-one single of the year, with each single scoring eight consecutive weeks at the top.

</doc>
<doc id="31035044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035044" title="Jaipur Superfast Express">
Jaipur Superfast Express

The 12955/2956 Mumbai Jaipur Superfast is one of the most important trains of Western railway running between in Maharashtra and in Rajasthan.
Overview.
This train is the first broadguage train from Jaipur Junction. The Train Came into Service on 30 January 1993 Between Durgapura and Mumbai Central. This train is also informally known as Gangaur Express. Before Jaipur Junction was upgraded to Broadguage, this train used to run from Durgapura Station which is another railway station at Jaipur .
It operates as train number 12955 from Mumbai Central to Jaipur and as train number 12956 in the reverse direction. It covers a distance of 1159 kilometers in each direction however it takes 18 hours when operating as train number 12955 at an average speed of 69 km/h (excluding halts) while its return journey as train number 12956 takes 17 hrs 40 mins at an average speed of 70 km/h (excluding halts). This train is the second fastest on the Mumbai Jaipur run after Jaipur Duronto Express which has no stops except technical ones. The train runs at maximum speed of 110 km/hr. The train is Equipped with Bio toilets. A Scheme of Meal Coupons was First Experimented on this train.
Schedule.
It leaves Mumbai Central as train number 12955 on a daily basis and at the end of 19 halts arrives at Jaipur the next day. Train number 12956 leaves Jaipur on a daily basis arriving at Mumbai Central the next day.
Coach composition.
This service has one First AC Coach, one Second AC Coach, 6 Third AC Coaches, 9 Second sleeper coaches, 4 Unreserved coaches, one pantry car and one High Capacity Parcel Van (HCPV) for both up and down services.
Traction.
Prior to DC to AC Conversion of Western Line Suburban Railway in Mumbai; It used to depart from Mumbai Central with a Valsad WCAM 2/2P locomotive in order to use Mumbai's DC traction wires and switches power on-the-fly in a dead zone just after crossing Virar later moved to Vile Parle as progressive change of traction from where onwards it was a pure AC line. There was a locomotive change at Vadodara where it used to swap the WCAM 2/2P for a Vadodara WAP 4E .
After the complete AC Electrification of Western Line suburban system of Mumbai; It is hauled by WAP 4E or WAP 5 between Mumbai Central and Sawai Madhopur Junction.
The Western railway completed DC Electric Conversion to AC on 5 February 2012. The work was done on Vile Parle - Churchgate section.
At Sawai Madhopur Junction it gets a WDM 3A or WDP 4/4B/4D from Bhagat Ki Kothi shed. Sawai Madhopur Junction is also where it gets a reversal in direction.

</doc>
<doc id="31035047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035047" title="Santo Pietro">
Santo Pietro

Santo Pietro is a small village ("frazione") of the Comune of Caltagirone, Sicily, Italy, with a population of c. 90 people.
History.
The settlement was founded as Mussolinia di Sicilia, as one of several settlements across Italy founded by the fascist government of Benito Mussolini.

</doc>
<doc id="31035088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035088" title="Jan Söderqvist">
Jan Söderqvist

Jan Söderqvist, born 1961, is an author, lecturer, writer and consultant, and among other things also working as a literary and film critic for the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet.
Söderqvist has written three books on the Internet revolution, collectively known as "The Futurica Trilogy", together with philosopher and lecturer Alexander Bard. Their first collaboration "The Netocrats" was originally released in Swedish in 2000, became available in English in 2003, and has since been translated to a further 16 languages with total worldwide sales exceeding 340,000 copies.
The second book "The Global Empire" was originally released in Swedish in 2003, while the third installment of the trilogy "The Body Machines" was originally published in Swedish in 2009. These latter two works were released in English in 2012, completing "The Futurica Trilogy", in which the authors present their philosophical vision for a global and increasingly virtual society, as a consequence of the Internet revolution. Söderqvist and Bard have announced work on a forth book together, focusing on the metaphysics of the Internet age, to be released in the fall of 2014.
Söderqvist is known as a critic of laws regulating prostitution in Sweden and is one of the 15 founders of the Liberal Democratic Party of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="31035091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035091" title="Upward Bound (disambiguation)">
Upward Bound (disambiguation)

Upward Bound is a federally funded educational program within the United States
Upward Bound may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035096" title="Katalin Zsilák">
Katalin Zsilák

Katalin Zsilák (born 15 September 1989 in Békéscsaba) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE in right wing position.

</doc>
<doc id="31035101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035101" title="Éva Kelemen">
Éva Kelemen

Éva Kelemen (born 27 December 1987 in Szeghalom) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a left winger. She has also been selected for the Hungarian 'B' national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31035108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035108" title="Anita Cifra">
Anita Cifra

Anita Cifra (born 6 August 1989 in Békés) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Ferencvárosi TC as a line player. She is also a Hungarian international, having made her debut on 6 March 2009 against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="31035113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035113" title="Yedurulanka">
Yedurulanka

Yedurulanka () is a village in I.Polavaram mandal of East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Former Lok Sabha Speaker Ganti Mohana Chandra Balayogi, shortly G. M. C. Balayogi was born in this village.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31035114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035114" title="Csenge Hajduch">
Csenge Hajduch

Csenge Hajduch (born 3 October 1990 in Békéscsaba) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE in right wing position. She has also been capped for the Hungarian junior national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31035136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035136" title="Operación Nécora">
Operación Nécora

Operation Necora (, lit. Velvet Crab) was a major Spanish police operation against drug traffickers in Galicia, Spain. It led to the arrest of 54 people.
Background.
The 1970s saw fishermen from declining fishing towns along the Galician coastline turn to the more lucrative occupation of importing contraband cigarettes from the United States; At that time the sole manufacturer of cigarettes in Spain was Tabacalera, a monopolistic state-owned company.
The topography of the arousan coastline, with its coves and inlets, allowed these to bring in the contraband under the cover of darkness and from there distribute it throughout Spain. In the 1980s, the Medellín cartel, under pressure from the US authorities and a saturated North American cocaine market turned to Europe, the smugglers utilized the methods developed in the previous decade to import hashish, and later cocaine for the cartels. From the town of Vilagarcía de Arousa - the main distribution point for the smugglers - Colombian traffickers from Madrid would collect the drugs and distribute it throughout the rest of Spain.
Investigation.
The investigation into the international trafficking of drugs through Galicia was prompted by a letter sent in August 1989 by Ricardo Portabales Rodríguez, a drug dealer serving a prison sentence, to Luciano Varela, an investigating magistrate of Pontevedra's provincial court. The inquisitorial system used in Spanish civil law required further investigation by an investigating magistrate. Varela deemed the case to be too big for a provincial court to investigate so it was transferred to the "Audiencia Nacional", Spain's highest criminal court. A 35 year-old magistrate in Baltasar Garzón was charged with carrying out the investigation. The investigation was carried out with the assistance of Section IV of the Central Narcotics Department (). Garzón used testimony from two informants known in the media as (The penitents): the aforementioned Ricardo Portabales Rodríguez and Manuel Fernández Padín, an actual member of one of the "clans", to build the case against the traffickers.
Operation Mago.
On the morning of June 12, 1990 a hundred vehicles containing 350 officers from the Central Narcotics Department, flown in specifically from Madrid to prevent any possible leaks from the local police force, left the main police station in the Galician capital, Santiago de Compostela, heading for the "comarca" of O Salnés. From there, each vehicle went on to their pre-assigned targets in different towns throughout the "comarca". The operation was initially known as "Operación Mago" (Operation Magi) - Garzón was told that they had named it after himself; however, he rejected this name and they settled on "Operación Necora". 
The base of operations was Vilagarcía de Arousa's police station, the former local party headquarters of the Falange. It was carried out under the judicial supervision of Baltsar Garzón, Luciano Varela and Javier Zaragoza, the deputy anti-drug prosecutor.
Trial.
On September 6, 1990 the Anti-drug prosecutor presented an indictment against 49 of those arrested (Indictment 13/90). Of the remaining five, the prosecutor's office started a separate proceeding against three: Marcial Dorado Baúnde "Marcial de la Isla", Michel Haengi and Miguel Rivero González on the grounds of money-laundering - something that would delay the start of the main trial. Luis Falcon Pérez "Falconetti" and Tomás Leis Carlés were released on bail, however, they remained imprisoned on unrelated charges.

</doc>
<doc id="31035140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035140" title="Punishment in Australia">
Punishment in Australia

The Australian prison system is a part of the Australian criminal justice system.
Life imprisonment in Australia.
In Australia, life imprisonment is of indeterminate length. The sentencing judge usually sets a non-parole period after which the prisoner can apply for release under parole conditions, or in the case of a criminal who has committed particularly heinous crimes, the sentencing judge may order that the person is "never to be released".
Capital punishment in Australia.
Capital punishment had been part of the legal system of Australia since British settlement and during the 19th century, crimes that could carry a death sentence included burglary, sheep stealing, forgery, sexual assaults, murder and manslaughter and there is one reported case of someone being executed for "being illegally at large" and during the 19th century, these crimes saw about 80 people hanged each year throughout Australia.
The death penalty was abolished in Queensland in 1922, Tasmania in 1968, the Commonwealth in 1973, Northern Territory in 1973, Victoria in 1975, South Australia in 1976, ACT in 1983, Western Australia in 1984, and New South Wales in 1985. It was finally abolished through federal law in 1973 with the '"Death Penalty Abolition Act 1973" of the Commonwealth abolished the death penalty for federal offences. It provided in Section 3 that the Act applied to any offence against a law of the Commonwealth, the Territories or under an Imperial Act, and in s. 4 that " person is not liable to the punishment of death for any offence".
No executions were carried out under the bridge of the federal government and the passage of the Death Penalty Abolition Act 1973 saw the death penalty replaced with life imprisonment as their maximum punishment.
Private prisons.
The following prisons in Australia are managed by private corporations.
Prison museums.
Former Australian prisons which are now open to the public as museums.

</doc>
<doc id="31035141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035141" title="Ulrich III">
Ulrich III

Ulrich III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035146" title="Trucheosaurus">
Trucheosaurus

Trucheosaurus is an extinct genus of rhytidosteid temnospondyl from the late Permian period of Sydney Basin, New South Wales, Australia. It is known from the holotype materials MMF 12697a, a partially complete skull, AMF 50977, an articulated postcranial skeleton and BMNHR 3728, the counterpart of both skull and postcranial skeleton, recovered from the Glen Davis Formation. This genus was named by Watson in 1956, and the type species is "Trucheosaurus major".
Phylogeny.
Below is a cladogram from Dias-da-Silva and Marsicano (2011):

</doc>
<doc id="31035181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035181" title="InstallSimple">
InstallSimple

InstallSimple is a development tool for creating installation programs and software packages for Microsoft Windows platform.
InstallSimple is developed by InstallSimple Solutions. The first version was released in June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31035186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035186" title="Professional accounting body">
Professional accounting body

A professional accounting body is an organization or association of accountants in a particular jurisdiction. Usually a persons needs to be a member of such professional body to hold out to the public of the jurisdiction as an accountant. The designations for qualified accountants vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, such as Chartered Accountant (CA), Chartered Certified Accountant (ACCA), Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA), Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Practising Accountant (CPA), Certified Management Accountant (CMA), Cost & Management Accountant (CMA), Certified Commercial Professional Accountant (CCPA).
Some countries have a single professional accounting body while others have several. If there is more than one body, such bodies may or may not compete with each other; in some countries, professional accounting bodies are divided according to their field of activity. For example, India has two professional accounting bodies: the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India deals with financial accounting, while the Institute of Cost Accountants of India deals with cost accounting & management accounting.

</doc>
<doc id="31035187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035187" title="Korey Stringer Institute">
Korey Stringer Institute

The Korey Stringer Institute (KSI) is a not-for-profit organization housed at the Neag School of Education at the University of Connecticut dedicated to the prevention of sudden death in sports, with a focus on exertional heat stroke (EHS). 
After Korey Stringers death in August 2001 from EHS, Korey's widow, Kelci Stringer, settled her lawsuit against the NFL in January 2009. KSI stems from this settlement with Kelci Stringer teaming up with EHS expert, Douglas Casa, PhD, ATC, FACSM, FNATA from the Neag School of Education at University of Connecticut, and the NFL. The purpose of KSI is to minimize preventable deaths in sports through awareness, education, and research in the ways to accurately prevent, recognize, and treat symptoms quickly by being a resource to the entire sports community.
Gary Gertzog, who is the NFL’s senior vice president of business affairs said that "We all thought this was a terrific opportunity to increase the education at all levels of sports, particularly at the youth level, so that they understand how to prevent heat illness. We all have been parents or coaches for youth sports and we all have seen kids playing in very extreme weather conditions. They wanted to make sure everyone understands how important it is to be properly hydrated."

</doc>
<doc id="31035188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035188" title="Ulrich II">
Ulrich II

Ulrich II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035189" title="Five Fifty-Five">
Five Fifty-Five

Five Fifty-Five (555) is a restaurant in the Old Port neighborhood in Portland, Maine. Located on Congress Street near the intersection of Congress and High Street, the restaurant is owned by husband and chef Steve Corry as well as wife Michelle. It has been noted for its use of local food products, including cheese, mussels and greens. In 2007, Steve Corry was named one of the top 10 new chefs in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31035207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035207" title="Jawad (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Jawad (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Jawad Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951 as one of the 79 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Madhya Bharat state.
Overview.
Jawad (constituency number 230) is one of the 3 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Neemuch district. This constituency covers the entire Jawad tehsil of the district.
Jawad is part of Mandsour Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Manasa and Neemuch in this district, Jaora in Ratlam district and Mandsour, Malhargarh, Suwasra and Garoth in Mandsaur district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As a constituency of Madhya Bharat state:
As a constituency of Madhya Pradesh state:
Party

</doc>
<doc id="31035232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035232" title="Freddie Hogan">
Freddie Hogan

Freddie Hogan (born 17 May 1988) is a British actor, who became known to a wider audience in a leading role in the ninth series of the British sitcom "Two Pints Of Lager And A Packet Of Crisps" broadcast by BBC Three. Hogan also appears in a minor role in the second part of the movie Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. His theatre performance in Extra Virgin earned him an Off West End Theatre Award nomination for Best Actor. Hogan is filming the new BBC1, 7 part series of 'Jonathan Strange and Mr Norell' as Davey.
Career.
On moving to London Hogan's first role was with The National Youth Theatre in Cymbeline, playing Belarius. The following year he starred in the BBC sitcom Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps. He also appeared in the Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows part II as one of Harry Potter's house mates in Gryffindor. In the same year he went back to the theatre to play Elliot in Extra Virgin and received his first nomination for an Off West End Award for Best Actor. Hogan has appeared in the series "Emmerdale".

</doc>
<doc id="31035234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035234" title="Giacomo Di Chirico">
Giacomo Di Chirico

Giacomo Ernesto Eduardo Di Chirico (27 January 1844 – 26 December 1883) was an Italian painter. Together with Domenico Morelli and Filippo Palizzi, he was one of the most elite Neapolitan artists of the 19th century. He received the official title “Knight of Italy” from King Victor Emmanuel II.
Biography.
Giacomo Di Chirico was born in Venosa into a carpenter's family, the younger son of Luigi and Caterina Savino. In 1847, when Di Chirico was barely 3 years old, his father Luigi died, leaving the family impoverished. He attended a private school for boys from deprived families under the supervision of priest Giuseppe Gianturco, the brother of politician Emanuele Gianturco. He began working at a barbershop in order to support his family economically but had become passionate about his painting hobby, after learning basic art techniques from his older brother, Nicola, a sculptor.
Di Chirico had begun to create portraits of his customers, who expressed admiration for his work, and local citizens who saw his portraits began to request them. Feeling stimulated from such interest and their appreciation, Di Chirico decided to become a professional painter. He obtained a subsidy salary from the municipality of Venosa, was enrolled in the Academy of Fine Arts of Naples and graduated after he had demonstrated optimal results from the studies.
In 1865, Di Chirico became a disciple of Francesco de Sanctis, who taught him lessons in literature for two years.
Between 1868 and 1871, Di Chirico refined his artistic technique while living in Rome, further strengthening his friendship with Domenico Morelli and Filippo Palizzi. He returned to Naples in order to open an art studio.
During his career, Di Chirico created masterpieces such as "Buoso da Duera", "Quinto Orazio Flacco", "Corteggiamento" and "Donna lucana". "Sposalizio in Basilicata", one of his best known paintings, was exposed in Paris (1877), Vienna (1879) and Munich (1882). It was purchased by the French merchant Adolphe Goupil. Di Chirico's works were exposed at the Goupil & Cie in Paris. He received the title Knight of the Order of the Crown of Italy from Victor Emmanuel II.
Between 1877 and 1878, Di Chirico was made an honorary professor at the Academy of Art in Naples. He spent August (Ferragosto) in Maiori, where he met his wife Emilia D’Amato. He remained with her for the rest of his life and they had a daughter named Maria. One of his pupils was Pietro Scoppetta.
As his artistic career continued to reach new heights, so did the rise of his activity until 1882, when Di Chirico began to exhibit symptoms of mania, sleep deprivation and cachexia, a pattern of ailments that overlapped with the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh's illness. Di Chirico was confined to the Provincial lunatic asylum for his mental illness. In the asylum, his physical health continued to deteriorate, and he died during treatment in Naples in 1883 at age 39.

</doc>
<doc id="31035237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035237" title="Torino Lingotto railway station">
Torino Lingotto railway station

Torino Lingotto railway station () is one of the main stations serving the city and "comune" of Turin, capital of the region of Piedmont, northwestern Italy. It should not be confused with the Torino Lingotto metro station which is located nearby, and opened on March 6, 2011.
Opened in 1960, the station is the third most important in Turin, after Torino Porta Nuova and Torino Porta Susa. It forms part of the Turin–Genoa main line, and is also a stop on three secondary railways, which link Turin with Pinerolo, Cuneo and Savona, respectively.
The station is currently managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI). Most train services are operated by Trenitalia. Each of these companies is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned rail company. The remaining train services are operated by GTT, a public benefit corporation responsible for public transportation in the provinces of Turin, Alessandria, Cuneo and Asti, and Arenaways, an open-access railway operator that began passenger operations in November 2010.
Location.
Torino Lingotto railway station is situated in Via Mario Pannunzio, in the district of Lingotto, to the south east of Turin's city centre. It is near the well known former FIAT car factory also named Lingotto, and the Arco olimpico, symbol of the 2006 Winter Olympics.
History.
The station was founded in 1960 as a railway stop without a passenger building. The facility was later transformed into a station equipped with a building suitable for accommodating both departing and arriving passengers.
With the increase in the number of trains passing through daily (from 240 to 270 in just a few years), it was decided in 1970 to extend the double-track section from Lingotto to Trofarello railway station, on the Turin-Genoa railway.
The 1960 passenger building was demolished in 1980 to make way for the current passenger building, which was opened in 1984.
Facilities.
Today, the station has eleven through tracks and seven platform tracks, divided into two groups: northern section (four tracks) and southern section (three tracks).
A station on the Metropolitana di Torino (Turin Metro) was opened in 6 March 2011.
Future.
The station is presently the subject of local government studies, given its growing importance to the southern part of the city.
The assumed reduction in future capacity of Torino Porta Nuova may further increase the station's importance. Local governments are currently working on the possible integration and synergy with the former Lingotto factory complex.
On 20 November 2007, the architect Massimiliano Fuksas submitted a preliminary project commissioned by the Piedmont Region for the redevelopment of the Via Nizza area, which previously housed the now demolished factories of Fiat Aviazione. Within this study is a redesign of the Lingotto station including the construction of a building to the east of the railway lines to integrate this area into the renovations.
<br clear=left>
Services.
Long distance.
Trains stopping at the station include InterCity and night trains, which operate via Genoa. There are direct long distance connections with Genoa, Pisa, Livorno, Rome, Naples und Salerno.
Regional.
Torino Lingotto railway station is served by the lines 1, 2 and 4 of the Turin metropolitan railway service.
Interchange and connections.
The station offers interchange with urban bus lines 14, 18, 41, 63 and 74. It also offers a connection to the "Lingotto" metro station.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version, and incorporates information from the German language version, as at February 2011."
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31035239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035239" title="List of REITs in Canada">
List of REITs in Canada

This is a list of notable publicly traded and private real estate investment trusts (REITs) in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31035246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035246" title="Ludwig Leinberger">
Ludwig Leinberger

Ludwig Leinberger (May 21, 1903 – March 3, 1943) was a German footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31035265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035265" title="March 2011 in sports">
March 2011 in sports


</doc>
<doc id="31035266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035266" title="Ulrich I">
Ulrich I

Ulrich I may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035273" title="Fore Street (restaurant)">
Fore Street (restaurant)

Fore Street is a restaurant in the Old Port neighborhood of Portland, Maine. It is located a block from Commercial Street and Portland's waterfront. Opened in 1996, the restaurant was named one of Gourmet Magazine's top 50 restaurants in the United States in 2002, being placed 16th on the list. Chef Sam Hayward was named the top chef in the Northeastern US in 2004 by the James Beard Foundation. In 2002, The Atlantic magazine named Fore Street a "restaurant to build a trip around". In February 2011, Fore Street was nominated by the Beard Foundation for the award of 'Most Outstanding Restaurant'.

</doc>
<doc id="31035276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035276" title="Americana III">
Americana III

Americana III or alternatively California Americana III is a 2010 album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It was a follow-up of his successful Americana album in 2008 and "Americana II" album in 2009. The album was also known as the California album in contrast to the first two that were recorded mostly in Nashville, Tennessee.
Track listing.
Bonus bilingual English / French version tracks marked with [*]

</doc>
<doc id="31035286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035286" title="Feyenoord Academy">
Feyenoord Academy

Feyenoord Academy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035308" title="2011 Russian Super Cup">
2011 Russian Super Cup

The 2011 Russian Football Super Cup (Russian: Суперкубок России по футболу) was the 9th Russian Super Cup match, a football match which was contested between the 2010 Russian Premier League champion and 2009–10 Russian Cup champion, Zenit St. Petersburg, and the runner-up of 2010 Russian Premier League, CSKA Moscow. The match was held on 6 March 2011 at the Kuban Stadium in Krasnodar, Russia of which Zenit St. Petersburg won that match.

</doc>
<doc id="31035311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035311" title="Tell Sabi Abyad">
Tell Sabi Abyad

Tell Sabi Abyad () is an archaeological site in the Balikh River valley in northern Syria. The site consists of four prehistoric mounds that are numbered Tell Sabi Abyad I to IV. Since 1986, archaeologist Peter Akkermans has led extensive excavations at Tell Sabi Abyad I, II and III. Surveys were conducted at the fourth mound, but excavations were not possible because of its use as a local cemetery.
Tell Sabi Abyad I.
Tell Sabi Abyad I was first occupied between 5200 and 5100 BC during the Neolithic. It showed a later phase of occupation, termed ""transitional"" by Akkermans, between 5200 and 5100 BC, which was followed by an early Halaf period between 5100 and 5000 BC. Architecture of the 6th-millennium settlement featured multi-room rectangular buildings with round structures called tholoi that were suggested to have been used for storage.
Later remains of a massive structure called the ""Fortress"" were dated to the Middle Assyrian period (Late Bronze Age) between 1550 and 1250 BC. Domestic buildings were also found, suggesting that the settlement was an Assyrian border town where a garrison was stationed. The Fortress structure contained eight rooms with walls constructed of mud bricks and featured a staircase that led to a second floor.
Zooarchaeology and archaeobotany.
In the Halaf period, Tell Sabi Abyad had a fully developed farming economy with animal domestication of predominantly goats, but also sheep, cattle and pigs. A small number of gazelle were also hunted, although evidence for hunting and fishing is not well attested at the site.
Trees that would have grown at the time included poplar, willow and ash.
Domesticated emmer wheat was the primary crop grown, along with domesticated einkorn, barley and flax. A low number of peas and lentils were found compared to similar sites.
Pottery.
Pottery found at the site included Dark Faced Burnished Ware and a Fine Ware that resembled Hassuna Ware and Samarra Ware. Bowls and jars often had angled necks and ornate geometric designs, some featuring horned animals. Only around six percent of the pottery found was produced locally.
Clay tokens.
The site has also revealed the largest collection of clay tokens and sealings yet found at any site, with over two hundred and seventy-five, made by a minimum of sixty-one stamp seals. Such exchange devices were first found in level III of Mureybet during the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A and are well known to have developed in the Neolithic.
Tell Sabi Abyad II.
Tell Sabi Abyad II was started as an offshoot of Sabi Abyad I and measured by by high. Artefacts found evidenced a very early occupation not long after the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B horizon with calibrated dates of around 7550 and 6850 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="31035333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035333" title="Ludwig Hofmann">
Ludwig Hofmann

Ludwig Hofmann (June 9, 1900 – October 10, 1935) was a German footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31035336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035336" title="Chataparru">
Chataparru

Chataparru () is a village in Eluru mandal of West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Veteran Telugu film producer Vijaya Bapineedu,Telugu film actor Murali Mohan was born in this village.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31035342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035342" title="T. Sankunni Menon">
T. Sankunni Menon

Thottakattu Sankunni Menon CSI, also spelt as Shungoony Menon, was an Indian civil servant and administrator who served as the Diwan of the Cochin kingdom from 1860 to 1879. His administration is recognized as a period of development. Sankunni Menon's brother T. Govindan Menon also served as Diwan from 1879 to 1889.
Early life.
Sankunni Menon was the eldest son of Sankara Warrier who had served as the Diwan of Cochin kingdom till 1856.
Early career.
Sankunni Menon began his career as a civil servant in the Cochin kingdom. He was soon appointed DIwan Peishkar of Kottayam. In 1860, he became the Diwan of Cochin kingdom.
Diwan.
As Diwan, Sankunni Menon was responsible for innumerable social and administrative reforms in the kingdom. He entirely revamped the judicial administration in the kingdom and established "munsiff" courts in all the taluks.
Sankunni Menon was brought reforms in non-judicial spheres as well. The Ernakulam Public Library was opened on January 1, 1870 and the Trichur Public Library in 1873. On his retirement in 1879 due to failing health, the monarch Rama Varma wrote to him
Honours.
For his services to the British Empire, Sankunni Menon was made a Companion of the Order of the Star of India.

</doc>
<doc id="31035348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035348" title="Bart de Liefde">
Bart de Liefde

Barthold Charles (Bart) de Liefde (born September 18, 1976 in London) is a Dutch politician and field hockey umpire. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Dutch: "Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie") he has been an MP since October 26, 2010. He focuses on matters of culture, sports and games of chance.
He was a member of the municipal council of The Hague from April 2006 to March 2010 and from June to October 2010.
De Liefde studied public administration at Thorbecke Academy in Leeuwarden (BA) and at Leiden University (MA).

</doc>
<doc id="31035349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035349" title="Show On Cruel Stage Concert Live">
Show On Cruel Stage Concert Live

Show On Cruel Stage Concert Live () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's first concert DVD album. It was released on 11 July 2008 by EMI Music Taiwan. It was recorded during the "2007 Show Luo (Show On Stage) World Tour" (一支獨SHOW 世界巡迴演唱會) concerts held on 17 and 18 November 2007 at Taipei Arena, Taiwan.
The album features songs from his first five studio albums, from his debut album, "Show Time" in 2003 to "Show Your Dance" in 2007. It also includes dance performances with guests Karen Mok on 17th and Rainie Yang on 18th, as well as Show's performance of tracks by Cantopop artist Alex To and Aaron Kwok. The duets with guests, Jolin Tsai, "天空" (Sky) on 17th and Elva Hsiao, "敗給你" (Lost To You) on 18th, were not included due to copyright and technical issues.
The album debuted at number one on Taiwan's G-Music Weekly Top 20 Audio/Video Chart (影音榜) at week 28 (11–17 July 2008) with a percentage sales of 38.02%. It peaked at number one for four week and charted in the Top 20 for 61 weeks.
The album was awarded one of the "Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year" at the 2008 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards, presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.

</doc>
<doc id="31035355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035355" title="Mary Somerset">
Mary Somerset

Mary Somerset may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035358" title="Zdravo (band)">
Zdravo (band)

Zdravo (Serbian Cyrillic: Здраво; trans. "Hello") was a former Yugoslav disco group from Belgrade.
Band history.
The group was formed in 1976 by the disk jockey Boban Petrović. Having gathered several teenagers and several Belgrade musicians, Petrović intended to form a band which would perform communicative disco music with funk influences. In order to attract media attention, Popović chose the name Zdravo after the youth magazine "Zdravo", which Politika Newspapers and Magazines started publishing at about the same time. The first lineup consisted of Boban Petrović (vocals, keyboards), Dragan Jovanović (guitar, later a member of the hard rock band Generacija 5), Branko Kojić (bass guitar, later a member of the new wave band Grupa I), Vlastimir Cvetković (drums), and vocalists and dancers Boža Jeremić, Vladislav Kukolj, and Branko Popović. The band also performed with female dancers, African girls from Zaire.
The band's only big hit was the song "Vikend fobija" ("Weekend Phobia"), released in 1977. Although the song became a hit, it was generally disliked by the critics. Soon after, Jovanović left the band to form Generacija 5, so Popović invited at the time unknown guitarist Momčilo Bajagić to join the band. However, Bajagić refused the invitation, and the new member of the band became a former Innamorata member Branko Pešić "Amerikanac".
In August 1977, Zdravo performed as one of the opening bands on Bijelo Dugme concert at Hajdučka česma, at the end of the same year, they performed as an opening band on Indexi Yugoslav tour. As Petrović was at the time in a relationship with singer Slađana Milošević, the band played on her debut single "Au au", and Milošević often performed with the band. In 1978, the original Zdravo lineup disbanded, and Petrović continued performing under the name Zdravo with various musicians, also performing with the band Orion. After releasing the single "Žalba" ("Complaint"), Popović disbanded the band, and released the following two singles under the name Boban Petrović & Zdravo, also recording the single "Moram" ("I Have To") with Gordana Ivandić in 1979.
Post-breakup.
Petrović dedicated himself to his solo career, releasing studio album "Žur" ("Party") in 1981, and "Zora" ("Dawn") in 1984. The albums, however, did not see the big success. In 1986, he published the novel "Rokanje" ("Rocking"), which dealt with Belgrade nightlife in the 1980s. After that, he withdrew from the scene. He moved abroad, where he started working as businessman, for a certain time being an owner of the Spanish football club CA Marbella. In 2006, his song "Prepad" ("Raid") from the album "Žur" was ranked No. 82 on the B92 Top 100 Domestic Songs list.

</doc>
<doc id="31035378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035378" title="Chthonius">
Chthonius

In Greek mythology, the name Chthonius or Chthonios (Χθόνιος "of the earth or underworld") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035387" title="History of Parkinson's disease">
History of Parkinson's disease

The history of Parkinson's disease expands from 1817, when British apothecary James Parkinson published "An Essay on the Shaking Palsy", to modern times. Prior to Parkinson's descriptions, others had already described features of the disease that would bear his name, while the 20th century greatly improved knowledge of the disease and its treatments. PD was then known as "paralysis agitans" (shaking palsy in English). The term "Parkinson's disease" was coined several decades later by French neurologist Jean-Martin Charcot.
Early descriptions.
Several early sources describe symptoms resembling those of PD. An Egyptian papyrus from the 12th century B.C. mentions a king drooling with age and the Bible contains a number of references to tremor. An Ayurvedic medical treatise from the 10th century B.C. describes a disease that evolves with tremor, lack of movement, drooling and other symptoms of PD. Moreover, this disease was treated with remedies derived from the mucuna family, which is rich in L-DOPA. Galen wrote about a disease that almost certainly was PD, describing tremors that occur only at rest, postural changes and paralysis.
After Galen there are no references unambiguously related to PD until the 17th century. In this and the following century several authors wrote about elements of the disease, preceding the description by Parkinson. Franciscus Sylvius, like Galen, distinguished tremor at rest from other tremors, while Johannes Baptiste Sagar and Hieronymus David Gaubius described festination, a term for the James Parkinson characteristic of PD. John Hunter provided a thorough description of the disease, which may have given Parkinson the idea of collecting and describing patients with "paralysis agitans". Finally, Auguste François Chomel in his pathology treatise, which was contemporary to Parkinson's essay, included several descriptions of abnormal movements and rigidity matching those seen in PD.
19th century.
In 1817 James Parkinson published his essay reporting 6 cases of paralysis agitans. "An Essay on the Shaking Palsy" described the characteristic resting tremor, abnormal posture and gait, paralysis and diminished muscle strength, and the way that the disease progresses over time. He also acknowledged the contributions of many of the previously mentioned authors to the understanding of PD. Although the article was later considered the seminal work on the disease, it received little attention over the forty years that followed. Nevertheless, early neurologists who made further additions to the knowledge of the disease include Trousseau, Gowers, Kinnier Wilson and Erb, and most notably Charcot, whose studies between 1868 and 1881 were a landmark in the understanding of the disease. Among other advances he made the distinction between rigidity, weakness and bradykinesia. He also championed the renaming of the disease in honor of James Parkinson.
20th century.
The first speculations concerning the anatomical substrate of PD were made 80 years after Parkinson's essay, when Édouard Brissaud proposed that it had its origin in the subthalamus or cerebral peduncle and might be caused by an ischemic lesion. In 1912 Frederic Lewy described a pathologic finding in affected brains, later named "Lewy bodies". In 1919 Konstantin Tretiakoff reported that the substantia nigra was the main cerebral structure affected, but this finding was not widely accepted until it was confirmed by further studies published by Rolf Hassler in 1938. The underlying biochemical changes in the brain were identified in the 1950s, due largely to the work of Arvid Carlsson on the neurotransmitter dopamine and Oleh Hornykiewicz on its role on PD. Carlsson was eventually awarded a Nobel Prize for this work.
Alice Lazzarini "et al" pinpointed a genetic component to PD in 1994. Years earlier, the neurology clinic at Robert Wood Johnson Medical School (RWJMS) had located a family of Italian origin that encompassed at least five generations of more than 400 individuals and at least 60 members with PD, and traced their ancestors to the small village of Contursi, Italy. In 1995, the RWJMS team joined with the National Center for Human Genome Research at the National Institutes of Health to take advantage of the laboratory resources available from the NIH in an effort to locate the gene causing PD in the Contursi family. The team reported the first Parkinson disease-causing mutation (PARK1) in the brain protein, alpha-synuclein. Within days of the publication of the PARK1 findings, alpha-synuclein was discovered to be the major component of Lewy bodies within brain cells of PD patients; according to the UMDNJ magazine, "This discovery changed the direction of research into PD by providing scientists with an entirely new protein whose manufacture, function or breakdown could be the key to the disease." Synuclein proteins being the main component of Lewy bodies was discovered in 1997.
History of treatments.
The positive albeit modest effects on tremor of anticholinergic alkaloids obtained from the plant of the belladona were described during 19th century by Charcot, Erb and others. Modern surgery for tremor, consisting of the lesioning of some of the basal ganglia structures was first tried in 1939 and was improved over the following 20 years. Before this date surgery consisted in lesioning the corticospinal pathway with paralysis instead of tremor as result. Anticholinergics and surgery were the only treaments until the arrival of levodopa, which reduced their use dramatically. Levodopa was first synthesized in 1911 by Casimir Funk, but it received little attention until the mid 20th century. It entered clinical practice in 1967, and the first large study reporting improvements in people with Parkinson's disease resulting from treatment with levodopa was published in 1968. Levodopa brought about a revolution in the management of PD. By the late 1980s deep brain stimulation emerged as a possible treatment and it was approved for clinical use by the FDA in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31035433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035433" title="Afke Schaart">
Afke Schaart

Afke Helprigdina Maria Schaart (born October 24, 1973 in Zwartsluis) is a former Dutch politician and manager. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) she was an MP from June 17, 2010 to September 19, 2012. She focused on matters of economic affairs (technology, innovation, export, regional and business location policy) and top incomes policy.
From 2008 to 2010 she was a member of the municipal council of Wassenaar.
Schaart studied political science with a specialization in international relations at the University of Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="31035477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035477" title="Paul Haigh">
Paul Haigh

Paul Haigh (born 4 May 1958 in Scarborough) is an English former football defender.
Haigh started his career at Hull City, where he made 180 league appearances. He also represented England under-21's during his spell with the club. In 1980, he moved on to Carlisle United, making over 200 appearances before being released in 1987. He signed for Hartlepool United, and made a total of 63 first-team appearances for the club.
In the middle of the 1988–89 season he broke two bones in his back, caused by a heavy landing in an FA Cup match against Wigan Athletic, forcing him to retire from football at the age of 30. He now works as a financial advisor.

</doc>
<doc id="31035515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035515" title="Poppo I">
Poppo I

Poppo I may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035516" title="Joel Brodsky">
Joel Brodsky

Joel Lee Brodsky (October 7, 1939 – March 1, 2007) was an American photographer, best known for his photography of musicians, particularly his iconic "Young Lion" photographs of Jim Morrison. In his lifetime, he is credited with photographing over 400 album covers.
Brodsky was born in Brooklyn, New York and graduated from Syracuse University in 1960. While working at a camera store in Brooklyn, he began a side career of photography and opened his own studio in 1964.
Later Brodsky left the rock ‘n’ roll photography and focused on commercial work, shooting advertising campaigns for Revlon, Avon, DuPont and other companies.
Since the beginning of the new century, there has been a worldwide revival of interest in Brodsky's rock ‘n’ roll pictures, with several exhibitions across the USA and in Europe. His artwork has been shown by the Govinda Gallery in Washington, DC the Morrison Hotel Gallery [https://www.morrisonhotelgallery.com/photographer/default.aspx?photographerID=22, the Stax Museum in Memphis, the San Francisco Art Exchangeand the Snap Galleries in London, UK [http://www.snapgalleries.com/photographers/joel-brodsky/.

</doc>
<doc id="31035520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035520" title="Ali Jawad">
Ali Jawad

Ali Jawad (born 12 January 1989) is a British Paralympic powerlifter competing in the -59kg class. Born without legs he took up powerlifting at the age of 16. He competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, finishing fourth. The following year he took gold at the Asian Open Championships making a world record lift of 185.5kg. At the 2014 IPC Powerlifting World Championships in Dubai, he became World Champion in his class, setting another world record, lifting 190kg.
Career history.
Jawad, who was born without legs, spent the first six months of his life in his parent's home country of Lebanon. His early life coincided with a conflict between Lebanon and Isreal, and his parents chose to emigrate to Great Britain for their children's safety. The family took up residence in Tottenham, London. 
Jawad became a British Junior Powerlifting champion, and has set junior British and European records. He is currently ranked number 2 in the World Under-23 Powerlifting category. Jawad competes for the Wood Green Weightlifting Club, and the University of East London.
Jawad competed as an international-level Judoka before becoming a powerlifter. He won silver in the Junior World Championship powerlifting in 2006, and gold in the European Championships in 2007. He also won gold at the World junior championships in 2008, setting a British junior and senior record and a European junior record. He also the second biggest weight in Great Britain's paralympic powerlifting history at just 19. He won junior gold at the European championships in 2007 and at 17 years old finishing 4th in the senior category.

</doc>
<doc id="31035535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035535" title="Richard Cook (artist 1784–1857)">
Richard Cook (artist 1784–1857)

Richard Cook (1784–11 March 1857) was an English artist.
Life.
He was born in London in 1784, and entered the schools of the Royal Academy in 1800. He was a constant contributor to the exhibitions from 1808 to 1822, during which time he painted several landscapes, scenes from "The Lady of the Lake", and in 1817, having been elected an Associate in the preceding year, a more ambitious work, entitled "Ceres, Disconsolate for the Loss of Proserpine". It is now in the collection of the Royal Academy. A contemporary critic described it as "an elegant and well painted illustration of this well known subject", adding that "the architectural accessories are better than English painters are in the habits of using, and are in themselves correct and appropriate"
In 1822 he became a Royal Academician, and almost from that time forward, and certainly for many years preceding his death, he seems to have abandoned painting, and ceased to contribute to the annual exhibitions of the Academy, his private fortune enabling him to live independently of his art. He died in London in 1857.
He illustrated editions of "The Lady of the Lake" and "Gertrude of Wyoming".

</doc>
<doc id="31035536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035536" title="Academy of Toulouse">
Academy of Toulouse

The Academy of Toulouse is a school district, administered by a Rector. Regroups sets educational departments of: Ariège (09), Aveyron (12), Haute-Garonne (31), Gers (32), Lot (46), Hautes-Pyrénées (65), Tarn (81) and Tarn-et-Garonne (82).
The rectory is located at Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="31035544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035544" title="Chris Banks (soccer)">
Chris Banks (soccer)

Chris Banks (born December 6, 1987 in Westborough, Massachusetts) is a former American soccer player.
Early life.
Banks grew up in Westborough, MA where he contributed to the school's soccer team becoming state champions in 2003. He also played on Varsity Basketball.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Banks played his college soccer at the University of New Hampshire, where during his time there was named the America East Striker and Rookie of the Year during his Freshman year. In 2006, was named to the All-Northeast Region and to the All-New England second teams, was fourth on UNH's all-time goals list with 23, seventh on UNH's all-time points list with 46 and was selected as a member of the America East Academic Honor Roll in both 2006 & 2008. 
During his college career, Banks played with USL Premier Development League club New Hampshire Phantoms during their 2009 season. After leaving college, he also played one season for GPS Portland Phoenix during their 2010 season in the USL PDL, netting 9 goals in 11 appearances.
Professional.
Banks signed his first professional contract in February 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads, and made his professional debut on April 29, 2011 in a 3-2 win over the Pittsburgh Riverhounds. He scored his first two professional goals on May 14, 2011 in a 3-1 win over F.C. New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31035548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035548" title="Nurdin Halid">
Nurdin Halid

Nurdin Halid (born November 17, 1958) is an Indonesian businessman and politician. He was the Chairman of the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI) from 2004 to 2011. Nurdin is infamous for being involved in many criminal cases and jailed numerous times.
Career and criminal cases.
Born in Watampone, South Sulawesi, Halid is known to be involved in various criminal cases, mostly corruption and public duping about FIFA statutes.
Clove monopoly and fund corruption.
Halid was the chairman of Hasanuddin Village Cooperative Center (Puskud) in Ujung Pandang, from 1992 to 1998. During his leadership, Hasanuddin Puskud earned the reputation as the Best Puskud in Indonesia. The rapid development of Hasanuddin Puskud was due to clove trades. Halid's family (his mother, brothers and brother-in-laws) were alleged to dominate at least 90 percent of clove purchases in Bone, Ujung Pandang. Another 10 percent was for Village Cooperative Units (KUD) to buy. According to the 1992 Ministry of Trade Act, only KUDs are entitled to buy cloves from farmers. In the case of purchasing clove, they were accused of cutting prices. In 1992, the price of cloves which were supposed to cost 7900 rupiahs per kilogram, were just bought for 2200 to 3000 rupiahs.
In December 1995, a total of 20 farmers, representing 300 clove farmers in Bone, demonstrated about the frauds, embezzlements and economic crimes that had been practiced by the Halid family in Bone.
Later, Halid family's monopoly in the purchase of cloves in Bone ended. Three years later, Halid was charged with corrupting South Sulawesian clove farmers saving funds (SWKP) totalling 115,7 billion rupiahs. However, Ujung Pandang District Court acquitted Halid from corruption charge in 1999. In the injunction the council of judges ordered beside the release of Halid, also the release of confiscated evidence, like Halid's luxurious home and a deposit of 8 billion rupiahs in the name of Hasanuddin Puskud after reading of the acquittal. According to the Judge, the four charges concerned irregularities in the clove buy-up, irregularities in the release of clove farmer funds, irregularities in work capital and irregularities of funding. The judge concluded however, that the case only involved one charge entailing four subjects. The judge was of the opinion that cloves from farmers had been bought up by village cooperatives and sold further to the Puskud under various pretenses. As to payment, everything has been settled, including all funds of the clove farmers and village cooperatives. The acquittance of Halid was followed by stone throwings to the court house by university students and various protests and demonstrations around Ujung Pandang.
Illegal sugar import case.
On July 16, 2004, Halid, who the day before had been appointed as the Chairman of National Federation of Rural Cooperatives (Dekopin) for 2004–2009, was arrested and detained by the police after he was named as a suspect in the case of illegally importing 73.520 tons of sugar.
Cooking oil distribution fund corruption.
On November 2, 2004, Halid was investigated by the Indonesian National Police for his involvement in the cooking oil distribution fund corruption case which cost the state 169 billion rupiahs. He was acquitted by the South Jakarta District Court on June 16, 2005, thus making him free of 20-year imprisonment demand from the prosecutors.
Later, the prosecutors appealed to the Supreme Court of Indonesia and on August 13, 2007, Halid was convicted guilty and was sentenced to 2 years prison.
Vietnam rice import customs violation.
On August 9, 2005, Halid, who at the time was the Chairman of Village Cooperative Unit Center (Inkud), was sentenced to 2 years and 6 months by the North Jakarta District Court, after he was pronounced guilty of violating customs on imports of rice from Vietnam. On August 17, 2006, Halid was released after receiving an Indonesian Independence Day remission.
FIFA ban.
In March 2011, FIFA banned chairman Halid from running as the third term candidate in PSSI. "FIFA upholds the statutes that states a convict cannot lead a football organization".
FIFA's emergency committee met on April 1, 2011 and announced on April 4, 2011 that control of the PSSI would pass to a normalisation committee made up of personalities in Indonesian football to oversee presidential elections by May 21, 2011. It also barred Halid from standing, along with three other candidates, George Toisutta, Arifin Panigoro and Nirwan Bakrie.

</doc>
<doc id="31035554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035554" title="Poppo II">
Poppo II

Poppo II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035562" title="Kids Can Press">
Kids Can Press

Kids Can Press is a Canadian owned publisher of children's books, with an award-winning list of over 500 picture books, non-fiction and fiction titles for toddlers to young adults. The Kids Can Press list includes characters such as Franklin the Turtle—the single most successful publishing franchise in the history of Canadian publishing, which has sold over 65 million books in over 30 languages around the world.
Started in 1973 by a small group of women in Toronto who wanted to produce books for Canadian children, the mandate broadened within a few years and Kids Can Press was creating books for kids around the world. More than three decades later, and with a long list of award-winning titles, Kids Can Press has become a favourite among parents, teachers, librarians and kids worldwide.
Kids Can Press has published in partnership with more Canadian public institutions than any other children’s publisher. Partners include: the Royal Ontario Museum, the Ontario Science Centre, the Federation of Ontario Naturalists, the National Museum, the Museum of Nature, World Wildlife and the National Hockey League.
Kids Can Press books have received critical acclaim and numerous nominations and awards. Some highlights include: 
Today, Kids Can Press continues to be in the forefront of children’s publishing by creating books that raise kids’ social consciousness with the CitizenKid series. The series features "Mimi's Village", "If The World Were a Village", "Tree of Life", "One Well", "Ryan and Jimmy", and "One Hen", which help children and their families to understand complex global issues and demonstrate how every one of us, young or old, has the power to make a difference.

</doc>
<doc id="31035571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035571" title="Klaas Dijkhoff">
Klaas Dijkhoff

Klaas Henricus Dominicus Maria Dijkhoff (born January 13, 1981 in Soltau) is a Dutch politician and legal scholar. As a member of the VVD (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy) he has been an MP since June 17, 2010. He focuses on matters of homeland security, public safety and police affairs. 
Early life and career.
Dijkhoff studied international and European law at Tilburg University, obtaining his Ph.D. in 2010. His thesis is titled Law, War and Technology. While writing his thesis he worked as a legal scholar at Tilburg University and Inholland University of Applied Sciences. He also had his own consultancy firm specialized in legal affairs and IT. 
Dijkhoff became a member of the VVD in 1998. He hold several positions within the party such as member of the election program committee in 2009-2010 and from March 11, 2010 until February 7, 2013 he was a member as well as VVD fraction leader of the municipal council of Breda. On June 17, 2010 he was elected as a Member of Parliament. In 2013 Dijkhoff got appointed national campaign leader for the municipal councill elections of March 2014. 
Parliamentarian 2010-present.
Klaas Dijkhoff first became the party's spokesperson on development aid. He booked his biggest success in stopping subsidies to development organizations with a chairman earning more than €124,000.00 a year. Later on he became the spokesperson on European affairs. Until this day he's the VVD spokesperson on matters of homeland security, public safety and police affairs. Dijkhoff successfully managed to pass two motions in the House of Representatives of the Netherlands in the battle against Jihad fighters. His motions called upon the cabinet to stop free travel to conflict zones and denationlization of Jihad fighters. In 2013 he successfully passed legislation through parliament making identity fraud a punishable offence. 

</doc>
<doc id="31035598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035598" title="Coenotes eremophilae">
Coenotes eremophilae

Coenotes eremophilae is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland, Western Australia and the Northern Territory.
The wingspan is about 50 mm. Adults have fawn wings, and a pattern of diagonal and transverse dark marks on the abdomen.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Eremophila bowmanii", "Eremophila freelingii", "Eremophila latrobei", "Eremophila longifolia", "Eremophila sturtii", "Eremophila mitchellii", "Myoporum deserti", "Myoporum montanum", "Carissa lanceolata", "Gyrocarpus americanus", "Prostanthera striatiflora", "Hibiscus panduriformis", "Acacia farnesitana", "Sesamum indicum", "Santalum acuminatum", "Duboisia myoporoides" and "Clerodendrum floribundum". They are black with a white stripe along each side, a yellow dorsal stripe, many little pale dots and a row of orange spiracles along each side. On the tail, they have an entirely black curved horn.

</doc>
<doc id="31035602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035602" title="Roch Voisine Live">
Roch Voisine Live

Roch Voisine Live (full title Roch Voisine Live - Intime/Intimate) is a 2006 live bilingual double album, the first in French and the second in English by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It contains 34 songs of Roch Voisine performed live, including some of his best songs and singles and some favourite album tracks from his repertoire. 

</doc>
<doc id="31035611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035611" title="Nadia Al-Kokabany">
Nadia Al-Kokabany

Nadia Al-Kokabany is a Yemeni novelist, short story writer and academic. She was born in Taiz and studied architecture at Sanaa University. She completed a PhD in architecture at Cairo University in 2008, before returning to take up an academic position at Sanaa University.
Her first published literary work was a short story in the journal "al-Thawrah". Since then, she has published a number of short story collections, starting with "Zaferat Al-Yasmeen" (Jasmine Sigh) in 2001. Her first novel was titled "Hubb laysa illà" (Not More than Love) and was published in 2006. It was followed in 2009 by "Aqeelat", a story about the lives of 19 Yemeni women. Also in 2009, she formed a literary group called "Meeting Yesterday" with fellow Yemeni authors Ali al-Moqri, Samir Abdul-Fatah and Wajdi al-Ahdal.
Al-Kokabany has received a number of literary awards both in Yemen and abroad. Among these are the Suad al-Sabah Prize in 2000 (second prize), the Yemeni President's Award for Young Writers (2001) and the Arab Fund for Arts and Culture Grant (2010). In 2009, she was invited to participate in the first writers' workshop ("nadwa") organised by IPAF, and her work was included in the resulting anthology entitled "Emerging Arab Voices". Her work has appeared in translation in two issues of Banipal magazine, in 2005 and in 2009. She has also been translated into French and German. 
Al-Kokabany is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31035614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035614" title="St Andrew's Church, Redbourne">
St Andrew's Church, Redbourne

St Andrew's Church, Redbourne, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Redbourne, Lincolnshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the centre of the village, which is to the east of the A15 road, and some south of Brigg.
History.
The church dates from the 14th–15th century. Rebuilding took place in the later part of the 18th century; this included new north and south chapels in the 1770s by William and Thomas Lumby of Lincoln. The plaster ceilings date from 1775–77, and the top two stages were added to the tower in 1785. A new west door, partial rebuilding of the aisles, the chancel, and the clerestory, probably also date from this period. The south chapel was rebuilt in early 19th century as a mausoleum for the Dukes of St Albans. The church was restored in 1888 by the local architect W. W. Goodhand. The restorations included removing the gallery, reordering the seating, and the addition of a new south porch. The church was declared redundant in May 1978. A vestry door was inserted and east side windows were removed in about 1985.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Andrew's is constructed in limestone with some rendering. The nave, aisles and clerestory have lead roofs; the mausoleum, vestry and porch are slated. Its plan consists of a three-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a south porch, a single-bay chancel with a vestry and organ chamber to the north, and the mausoleum to the south, and a west tower. The tower has a rectangular staircase projection to the southeast. It is in four stages, divided by string courses, on a moulded plinth. In the bottom stage on the west side is a blocked doorway, an arched three-light window, and a square-headed two-light window. On the north and south sides are lighting slits. In the staircase turret are three slits, and a sundial. The second stage contains two-light windows, and in the third stage is a clock face on the west side. In the top stage are two-light bell openings, and the parapet is embattled. The aisles have pointed two-light windows and along the clerestory are square-headed two-light windows. In the south aisle there is a blocked doorway to the west, a blocked lancet window to the east, blocked circular windows to the east and west, and a blocked pointed south window. A carved stone dating from the 10th–11th century has been re-set in the west wall. The chancel has an east window. In the vestry are two two-light windows, and the mausoleum has a south door. All the parapets are embattled, some with crocketted pinnacles.
Interior.
The arcades are carried on octagonal piers. The ceilings are plastered, the nave ceiling being decorated with foliate bosses. The floors are flagged. The baluster-shaped font was made in 1775 by Richard Hayward. The east window contains painted glass by William Collins dating from about 1840. This is a copy of "The Opening of the Sixth Seal" (part of the Last Judgment) by Francis Danby. Also by Collins are twelve stained glass windows depicting the Apostles. The organ is no longer present. There is a ring of six bells. Five of these were cast in 1774 by Henry Harrison II, and the undated sixth bell is by James Harrison III.
Memorials.
In the north wall of the chancel is a niche containing a black marble graveslab depicting a knight and angels, and is dated 1410. On the south side of the chancel are marble wall tablets to members of the Carter family with dates in the 18th century, and to the 8th Duke of St Albans, who died in 1825, and his wife. On the north side of the chancel is a memorial to the 9th Duke of St Albans who died in 1851 by J. G. Lough, and to his wife, Harriet, who died in 1837, by Chantrey, and a memorial to Charlotte, Lady Beauclerk, dating from about 1825. In the mausoleum are two tiers of tombs of the St Albans family.
External features.
In the churchyard is a gravestone dated 1737 to Rev Josias Morgan, vicar of the parish, It is listed at Grade II. There are also the war graves of a soldier of World War I, and another of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31035616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035616" title="Coenotes jakli">
Coenotes jakli

Coenotes jakli is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Tanimbar Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="31035622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035622" title="Hunterian transliteration">
Hunterian transliteration

The Hunterian transliteration system is the ""national system of romanization in India"" and the one officially adopted by the Government of India. Hunterian transliteration was sometimes also called the "Jonesian transliteration system" because it derived closely from a previous transliteration method developed by William Jones (1746-1794 CE). Upon its establishment, the Sahitya Akademi (India's National Academy of Letters) also adopted the Hunterian method, with additional adaptations, as its standard method of maintaining its bibliography of Indian-language works.
History.
The original precursor to the Hunterian system was a transliteration method developed by Charles Wilkins, who is sometimes called the ""father of Devanagari typography"" because he was also the creator of the first Devanagari typeface. William Jones, who also founded the Asiatic Society, further developed the transliteration method. It was given a more complete form in the late nineteenth century by William Wilson Hunter, then Surveyor General of India. When it was proposed, it immediately met with opposition from supporters of the phonetic Dowler system, which climaxed in a dramatic showdown in an India Council meeting on 28 May 1872 where the new Hunterian method carried the day. The Hunterian method was inherently simpler and extensible to several Indic scripts because it systematized grapheme transliteration, and it came to prevail and gain government and academic acceptance. Opponents of the grapheme transliteration model continued to mount unsuccessful attempts at reversing government policy until the turn of the century, with one critic calling appealing to """the Indian Government to give up the whole attempt at scientific (i.e. Hunterian) transliteration, and decide once and for all in favour of a return to the old phonetic spelling"."
Additional languages and adaptations.
Over time, the Hunterian method extended in reach to cover several Indic scripts, including Burmese and Tibetan. The Hunterian system was used to establish writing systems that used the Latin alphabet for some Indian languages that were previously not associated with a written script, such as Mizo. In the case of Mizo, the Hunterian-based writing system ""has proved hugely successful"." Provisions for schwa deletion in Indo-Aryan languages were also made where applicable, e.g. the Hindi कानपुर is transliterated as "kānpur" (and not "kānapura") but the Sanskrit क्रम is transliterated as "krama" (and not "kram"). The system has undergone some evolution over time. For instance, long vowels were marked with an accent diacritic in the original version, but this was later replaced in the 1954 Government of India update with a macron. Thus, जान ("life") was previously romanized as "ján" but began to be romanized as "jān". Additional diacritics have been proposed for various purposes, such as disambiguating letters of PersoArabic that map to a single Devanagari grapheme (e.g. ث, س and ص which all map to स). Some languages of the region are tonal, such as Mizo and Punjabi, and accent marks over vowels have been repurposed to indicate tone for some of them.
Vowels.
The main vowels used by Hindi in Devanagari are represented as -
Consonants.
In the Hunterian system, implicit schwas are denoted by the transliterated schwa vowel in Devanagari, "a" (अ), and excluded as necessary under schwa deletion rules. Aspirations are represented by "h". Retroflex graphemes are often represented by a diacritic dot under the Latin consonant that represents the equivalent dental graphemes in proposals (some of which predate even the Hunterian method), though this has not officially been accepted by the Indian government. Halants are indicated by either leaving out a vowel after the transliterated consonant or, in new proposals (not formally approved by the Indian government), with a period after the applicable consonant (e.g. जल्दी - "jal.di"). Initially, italics were sometimes used to differentiate consonants such as ख ("kh") and ख़ (""kh""), but later macrons and diacritics began to be used more extensively.
Examples.
Example: मैं अपने संबंधी से कारख़ाने में मिला और उसने मुझे चाय पिलाई. वो बारिश के कारण फ़सलों को हुए नुक़सान की वजह से चिंतित था. मैंने उसे अपनी ख़बर सुनाई. क्योंकि मुझे निकलना था, इसलिए कुछ देर बाद मैंने क्षमा मांगी और वहाँ से रवाना हुआ.
With diacritics: "maiṅ apne saṃbaṅdhī se kārk͟hāne meṅ milā aur usne mujhe chāy pilāī. vo bārish ke kāraṇ fasloṅ ko hue nuqsān kī vajah se chintit thā. maiṅne use apnī k͟habar sunāyī. k.yoṅki mujhe nikalnā thā, islie kuchh der bād maine kṣhamā māṅgī aur vahāṅ se ravānā huā."
Without any diacritics: "main apne sambandhi se karkhane men mila aur usne mujhe chay pilayi. wo barish ke karan faslon ko hue nuqsan ki vajah se chintit tha. maine use apni khabar sunayi. kyonki mujhe nikalna tha, islie kuchh der bad maine kshama mangi aur vahan se ravana hua."
Notes: संबंधी can interchangeably be written several different ways in Hindi: संबंधी, सम्बंधी, संबन्धी or सम्बन्धी.
Example: इस साल ग्रीष्मकालीन वर्षा ज़्यादा होने से अमरुद और बेर की क़िल्लत देखी गयी. मज़े की बात ये है के सेब और ख़ुबानी की क़ीमतें कम हैं क्योंकि उत्तराखण्ड में गोदाम भरें हैं.
With diacritics: "is sāl g.rīṣh.mkālīn varṣhā zyādā hone se amrūd aur ber kī qil.lat dekhī gayī. maze kī bāt ye hai ke seb aur k͟hubānī kī qīmteṅ kam haiṅ k.yoṅki ut.tarākhaṇ.ḍ meṅ godām bhareṅ haiṅ."
Without any diacritics: "is sal grishmkalin varsha zyada hone se amrud aur ber ki qillat dekhi gayi. maze ki bat ye hai ke seb aur khubani ki qimten kam hain kyonki uttarakhand men godam bharen hain."
Criticism.
The Hunterian system has faced criticism over the years for not producing phonetically-accurate results and being "unashamedly geared towards an English-language receiver audience." Specifically, the lack of differentiation between retroflex and dental consonants (e.g. द and ड are both represented by "d") has come in for repeated criticism and inspired several proposed modifications of Hunterian, including using a diacritic below retroflexes (e.g. making द="d" and ड="ḍ", which is more readable but requires diacritic printing) or capitalizing them (e.g. making द="d" and ड="D", which requires no diacritic printing but is less readable because it mixes small and capital letters in words).

</doc>
<doc id="31035653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035653" title="Ludwig Engländer">
Ludwig Engländer

Ludwig Engländer (October 20, 1853 Vienna, Austria – September 13, 1914) was an Austro-Hungarian-born American composer of more than 30 musicals.
He was born in Vienna, Austria. According to his obituary in the New York Times he had studied with Jacques Offenbach. He immigrated to New York City on October 13, 1882, and became a naturalized American citizen on February 13, 1891.
By the 1890s Engländer was composing prolifically, either for the New York stage, or popular songs (many of which were interpolated into various other productions, such as "A Trip to Chinatown". Already by 1903 he had come in for criticism of his Teutonic sound. Perhaps for that reason he occasionally returned to Vienna near the end of his life to write musicals for that audience. The year before he died he is listed as having residence in Vienna.
At the time of his death he was living in Far Rockaway, Queens with his sister.
Works.
Additionally he wrote many popular songs written with lyricists such as Sydney Rosenfeld, J. Cheever Goodwin, Harry B. Smith, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31035659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035659" title="Shmuel Moreh">
Shmuel Moreh

Shmuel Moreh (, born in Baghdad, December 22, 1932) is professor emeritus in the Department for Arabic Language and Literature at the Hebrew University and a recipient of the Israel Prize in Middle Eastern studies in 1999. In addition to having written many books and articles dealing with Arabic literature in general and Iraqi Jewish Arabic literature in particular, he has been a major contributor to Elaph, the first online daily independent journal. Professor Moreh writes in Arabic, Hebrew, and English.

</doc>
<doc id="31035664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035664" title="Dolbina borneensis">
Dolbina borneensis

Dolbina borneensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malaysia, Thailand and Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="31035675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035675" title="Dolbina schnitzleri">
Dolbina schnitzleri

Dolbina schnitzleri is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="31035688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035688" title="Dolbina paraexacta">
Dolbina paraexacta

Dolbina paraexacta is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China.

</doc>
<doc id="31035696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035696" title="Dolbina mindanaensis">
Dolbina mindanaensis

Dolbina mindanaensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31035707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035707" title="Dolbina luzonensis">
Dolbina luzonensis

Dolbina luzonensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31035712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035712" title="Skopos (disambiguation)">
Skopos (disambiguation)

The term skopos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035717" title="Tuscaloosa Amphitheater">
Tuscaloosa Amphitheater

The Tuscaloosa Amphitheater is an outdoor amphitheater in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, USA that is used primarily for music performances. It has a seating capacity of 7,470.
The amphitheater is located on Jack Warner Parkway, just beside the Hugh R. Thomas Bridge; only minutes away from the University of Alabama campus and blocks from the downtown. It is the largest outdoor theater in West Alabama.
History.
The Tuscaloosa Amphitheater broke ground on July 14, 2009, with an opening date estimated for August 2010. In the next few months, the Tuscaloosa area experienced record rainfall, delaying the opening until 2011. 
Kenny Chesney, along with Uncle Kracker, were originally set to open the amphitheater with a concert on March 31, 2011, but scheduling conflicts led to the show being moved back to May 25. It was later announced that The Avett Brothers and Band of Horses would open the amphitheater on April 1, 2011, followed by Patti LaBelle and The O'Jays the next night.

</doc>
<doc id="31035720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035720" title="Dolbina formosana">
Dolbina formosana

Dolbina formosana is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="31035728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035728" title="Dolbina krikkeni">
Dolbina krikkeni

Dolbina krikkeni is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sumatra.

</doc>
<doc id="31035737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035737" title="Grażyna Brodzińska">
Grażyna Brodzińska

Grażyna Brodzińska née Wayda (b. May 5, 1951 in Cracow) is a Polish soprano, opera and operetta singer, and musical actress, nicknamed "The First Lady of Polish Operetta.
Biography.
Brodzińska was born on May 5, 1951, in Cracow, the daughter of director Edmund Wayda and opera singer Irena Brodzińska. In 1960s she graduated from Danuta Baduszkowa's Actors Studio in Gdynia.
Grażyna Brodzińska performed at Musical Theatre in Gdynia (1969–1976) and later at Musical Theatre in Szczecin, Warsaw Operetta and Roma Theatre in Warsaw. Since 2002 Brodzińska is an actress of Silesian Operetta in Gliwice.

</doc>
<doc id="31035740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035740" title="Bald Mountain (Colorado)">
Bald Mountain (Colorado)

Bald Mountain, elevation , is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The mountain is southeast of Breckenridge in the Arapahoe National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="31035743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035743" title="David Jesson">
David Jesson

David Frederick St John Jesson is a Professor in the Department of Economics at the University of York. He is a recognised expert on specialist schools and value-added performance (CVA).
Early life.
He was born in London in 1935, the son of Frederick John and Florence Jesson and attended the University of Manchester and the University of Cambridge. He became a Maths teacher, teaching in several schools, state and independent.
In 1965 he married Catherine Whitehead; they had three children.
University.
He started working at universities when he joined the University of Sheffield. At Sheffield he developed the value-added system of school performance measurement. This involves looking at the relative improvement of pupils, not their absolute performance - how much 'value' has been 'added'.
In 1995 he joined the University of York as Professor in the Economics department. He works in the CPERM department, in the Department of Economics and Related studies, under Professor David Mayston.
His research.
His work on 'value-added' performance came from the belief that working from absolute exam grades was too crude a measurement, as pupils from different backgrounds and schools found it much more of a challenge to gain the same grades as someone from a more privileged background. It was like comparing apples with pears.
Science education.
In 2007 he found that 68% of all comprehensive schools - around 2,020 - do not offer the three separate science courses at GCSE, and that only one in 20 pupils at state schools take physics, chemistry and biology at GCSE.
Academically bright children.
In a report in April 2008 for the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust, he found that academically bright children at comprehensive schools were likely to do better when there were more academically bright children at the same school. This was from data of more than 150,000 children, and involved his 'value-added' measurements. The higher the proportion of 'able' pupils, the better the value-added performance.
In November 2005, he reported at the Birmingham annual conference of the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust (which represented around 2,400 secondary schools) that pupils at private school in the top academic 5% were almost guaranteed to get three A-grades at A-level, yet for state schools only a third of the top 5% would get three A-grades. He called this a 'severe talent drain' in the state school system. In the same speech he said that Britain's future economic success depended on identifying and nurturing this top 5% of pupils. It had been calculated by tracking performance of pupils from 1999 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="31035756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035756" title="Samaritan Fundraising">
Samaritan Fundraising

Samaritan Fundraising is a national fundraising company solely dedicated to support churches, ministries, schools, and other faith-based organizations reach their fundraising goal.
Headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia, Samaritan Fundraising is owned and operated by Salem Communications, the country's leading Christian radio broadcaster, Internet content provider, and Christian magazine and book publisher.
History.
Tom Freiling originally founded Samaritan Fundraising in April 2009 after leaving Xulon Press, the online book publishing company that he started in September 2001 and eventually sold to Salem Web Network.
Acquisition by Salem Web Network.
Samaritan Fundraising was acquired by Salem Web Network, the online division of Salem Communications Corporation, in September 2010.
Products.
Samaritan Card.
The Samaritan Card is a wallet-size shopping discount card that allows its user access to discounts at over 100,000 participating merchants nationwide.
Users access the discounts through the use of the Samaritan Saver website, from which they can download and print coupons for local and national companies as well as shop online and receive instant savings. The actual wallet-size card is not necessary at the participating merchant, but the pre-printed coupons are. Many of the discounts are also available from the merchants' websites without the card, and the size of the discounts is relatively small for many of the merchants.

</doc>
<doc id="31035759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035759" title="Kerttu Niskanen">
Kerttu Niskanen

Kerttu Elina Niskanen (born 13 June 1988) is a Finnish cross-country skier.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo, Niskanen finished eighth in the 10 kilometre classical event.
At the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi she won two silver medals as a member of team Finland: in 4 times 5 kilometre relay and in team sprint. She also finished fourth in 30 kilometre freestyle.
Her brother Iivo is also cross country skier, gold medalist from men's team sprint at the 2014 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31035806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035806" title="Skopos theory">
Skopos theory

Skopos theory () is a concept from the field of translation studies. It provides an insight into the nature of translation as a purposeful activity, which is directly applicable to every translation project.
It was established by the German linguist Hans Vermeer and comprises the idea that translating and interpreting should primarily take into account the function of both the source and target text.
Aim and audience.
Skopos theory focuses on translation as an activity with an aim or purpose, and on the intended addressee or audience of the translation. To translate means to produce a target text in a target setting for a target purpose and target addressees in target circumstances. In skopos theory, the status of the source text is lower than it is in equivalence-based theories of translation. The source is an "offer of information", which the translator turns into an "offer of information" for the target audience. 
Paul Kussmaul writes about this theory: "the functional approach has a great affinity with "Skopos theory". The function of a translation is dependent on the knowledge, expectations, values and norms of the target readers, who are again influenced by the situation they are in and by the culture. These factors determine whether the function of the source text or passages in the source text can be preserved or have to be modified or even changed.

</doc>
<doc id="31035810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035810" title="Alexandria Opera House">
Alexandria Opera House

Alexandria Opera House or Sayyid Darwish Theatre was built in 1918 and opened in 1921 in the city of Alexandria, Egypt and it was named Teatro Mohamed Ali.
Source.
https://www.facebook.com/Alex.opera.house

</doc>
<doc id="31035811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035811" title="Vienna Celtic RFC">
Vienna Celtic RFC

Vienna Celtic RFC is an Austrian rugby club in Vienna. They are the oldest team in Austria.
History.
The club was founded on 19 January 1978 by a Scotsman, John Skinner, and two Austrians, Johann Schweiger and Bernhard Eigenberger.
Charity Work.
Over the years the club started indulging in and organising charity events.
During the period of
1997 - 2010 Vienna Celtic realised a project in Zimbabwe where firstly a borehole and pump where provided to the community enabling access to clean water, later a school and additionally a clinic where then built.
Since 2005 the club also hosts an annual 10's rugby tournament donating all proceeds to the "Austrian bone marrow register"

</doc>
<doc id="31035825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035825" title="Dolbina exacta">
Dolbina exacta

Dolbina exacta is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from the southern part of the Russian Far East, Japan and the Korean Peninsula, south into China as far as Sichuan, Hubei and Zhejiang. The habitat consists of open parklands and forest edges.
The wingspan is 55–58 mm. Both wings and the abdomen undersides are brownish grey. There are small black basal spots on the abdomen underside.
Adults are on wing from mid April to late August in Korea.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Fraxinus" in China, "Fraxinus" (including "Fraxinus mandshurica") and "Syringa amurensis" in the Russian Far East, "Fraxinus lanuginosa" in Japan and "Ligustrum obtusifolium", "Syringa reticulata" and "Fraxinus rhynchophylla" in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="31035837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035837" title="32nd Armoured Reconnaissance Group">
32nd Armoured Reconnaissance Group

32nd Armoured Reconnaissance Group "(pl: 32 Dywizjon Pancerny)" - polish reconnaissance unit in the Polish September Campaign. 
The 32nd Armoured Reconnaissance Group was mobilised in August 1939 by the 7th Armoured Battalion stationed in Grodno, for the Podlaska Cavalry Brigade. Mjr Stanislaw Szostak was given the command of the group. The group consisted of one tankette squadron with 13 TKS tankettes armed with heavy machine guns, 1 armoured car squadron with 8 type 34-II armoured cars armed with a 37 mm cannon and 2 machine guns and one transport squadron with a repair vehicle, tankers and lorries. On 2 September the tankette squadron supported the 9th Mounted Rifle Regiment to capture Gross Brzosken in East Prussia defended by German border guards and units of the Landwehr. As there were no major German units in the area Polish forces withdrew back into Poland. On 3/4 September Germans broke through the Polish defence lines West of the Podlaska Cavalry Brigade. The brigade was ordered to slow down the German advance. From that day the armoured squadrons of the group gave mobile machine gun and cannon support to the units of the brigade, fighting Panzer Division Kempf and Wehrmacht. The group suffered losses both in armour and men. On 13 September, covering the fighting retreat of the brigade, the group found itself behind German lines near Wyliny-Rus, which was burnt by the Germans as a reprisal for a successful attack by the group.In the village there are graves of two Polish soldiers killed in 1939. The group managed to break through the German lines suffering further losses and, on 14 September, rejoined the brigade, in the Pietkowo forest near Lapy . Gen. Kmicic –Skrzynski,C O of the brigade, decided to withdraw to Bialowieza forest and allowed the group to cross the Narew and proceed to Wolkowysk (Vavkavysk). The river was crossed on 15 September over a railway bridge near Strabla. It reached the town on 16 September having lost the remnants of its armour. On 17 September the Soviets attacked Poland and Mjr Szostak was ordered to drive to Wilno to join the defence of the town. As Wilno was captured by the Soviets, a new order was issued, on 19 September, for the Polish troops to cross the Lithuanian border. Mjr Szostak refused to cross the border and decided to drive to Grodno to fight the Soviets with his men having been joined by a platoon of anti-aircraft artillery(Bofors, 40 mm gun) of the 94th Anti-aircraft Battery commanded by 2nd Lt. Musial. In the morning of 20 September they reached Grodno which was under attack by Soviet forces. 
In the morning of 21 September, from the barracks of the 7th Armoured Battalion, they machine gunned advancing Soviet infantry who found[ themselves in the cross fire and retreated suffering heavy losses. Later in the day, on the orders of Gen. Przezdziecki, the group started to withdraw towards the Lithuanian Border. On 22 September Mjr Szostak organised the defence of Giby but having not received requested anti-tank weapons and explosives decided to continue the withdrawal to Lithuania. On 24 September, Mjr Szostak and his men crossed the border near Szypliszki. About an hour later, Soviet tanks arrived at the Lithuanian border. 
Subsequently, the officers and soldiers of the 32nd Armoured Reconnaissance Group served in the 2nd Polish Corps of the 8th British Army. Lt. Strokowski was killed by a Lithuanian internment camp guard.
Command Structure.
Tankette Squadron:
Armoured Car Squadron
Transport Repair Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="31035839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035839" title="The Sunset Limited (film)">
The Sunset Limited (film)

The Sunset Limited is a 2011 television film based on the play written by Cormac McCarthy. The film stars Tommy Lee Jones and Samuel L. Jackson.
Plot.
Two men with opposing beliefs confront each other in an apartment.
The film starts out with Black (Samuel L. Jackson) and White (Tommy Lee Jones) conversing about White's attempted suicide. White feels as though everything ends up in death, and that his life is minuscule in the throes of time.
From White's point of view, no matter how great someone or something is, all that is created eventually fades away. This is the opposite of what Black believes. He believes that there is a God and that we all must go through the troubles of life to get to paradise (Heaven). By his own account, his story is that of a man who has committed murder and was far away from God, but has now changed.
Black feels that he can persuade White from committing suicide. With Black stopping White right before he was about to kill himself, Black feels that this is destiny. In the end, Black is not able to persuade White from suicide; he lets him leave the apartment. When White leaves, Black is left pondering why God would put him in a position to save this man's life knowing that there is nothing that he can do to stop White from going through with the suicide.
Reception.
The film received generally favourable reviews [http://www.metacritic.com/tv/the-sunset-limited]. However, describing the film as a "dorm-room argument masquerading as a drama," "The New York Times" panned the film. The characters are deemed empty vessels for the author's language and notions, "so purely rhetorical and dramatically inert that you never feel as if you are in the room with them."

</doc>
<doc id="31035847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035847" title="RC Donau">
RC Donau

RC Donau is an Austrian rugby club in Vienna.
History.
The club was founded in 1989 as a youth team of RC Wien. Later that year they won the first Austrian Youth Championships, which they won again in 1991. As the players grew older, they progressed to the RC Wien senior team.
They merged with RC Wien in 1999, although Wien had separate teams up until 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31035865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035865" title="Murder 2">
Murder 2

Murder 2 is a 2011 Bollywood psychological thriller film and the quasi-sequel to the 2004 film, "Murder" and the second film in the "Murder film series". It stars Emraan Hashmi, Jacqueline Fernandez and Prashant Narayanan in leading roles, with Sulagna Panigrahi featuring in a pivotal role. Directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Mukesh Bhatt, the film released on 8 July 2011. The theatrical trailer of the film was revealed on 1 June 2011 and also in cinemas with "Ready". It was the second film in a series of quasi-sequels released under the Bhatt Banner including "Raaz – The Mystery Continues", "Jannat 2", "Jism 2", "Raaz 3D" and "", each of which had nothing to do with their respective prequels, but somehow fell into the same genre following a similar story. "Murder 2" takes the same plot elements from South Korean film "The Chaser" (2008). The film did well in the box office and was declared a 'blockbuster' by Box Office India. It is one of the highest grossing Bollywood films of 2011.
Plot.
Arjun Bhagwat (Emraan Hashmi) is an ex-police officer who is hungry for money and earns his bread by doing wrong things. He is an atheist (Nastik) but regularly visits church to donate money to orphans. Priya (Jacqueline Fernandez), a model, is in a passionate but confused relationship with Arjun. Whilst Priya is in love with Arjun, Arjun merely lusts for her and he forces upon her in the beginning of movie but she too enjoys his company.
Arjun meets a gangster, Sameer, who has been going through a slump in his business due to an unexplained disappearance of his hookers. Sameer offers him a huge amount of money to locate the missing girls, which Arjun accepts. During his investigation, Arjun finds a phone number linked to the missing girls. He tells Sameer to send a prostitute to the number. Sameer decides to send Reshma (Sulagna Panigrahi), a 17-year-old college newcomer in the business, who has entered prostitution to feed her family, though keeps this a secret from them. Reshma is sent to the house of Dheeraj Pandey (Prashant Narayanan), who is actually a psychopath murderer responsible for torturing and killing the missing hookers. He decides to do the same with Reshma and throws her in a dark well, with the intention of torturing her till her death.
Arjun finds out that Dheeraj is the murderer and tells the police. While Dheeraj is held in jail, the commissioner calls a psychiatrist to extract his confession. Dheeraj tells the doctor that he kills women because he thinks they take advantage of men. He also reveals that he castrated himself and became an eunuch to get rid of his sex addiction, with the help of a fellow eunuch and big-shot politician, Nirmala Pandit. Dheeraj is eventually let out under Nirmala Pandit's influence. Meanwhile, Reshma escapes from the well and tries to find her way out through the forest.
Arjun meets Dheeraj's family, who reveal that Dheeraj used to beat his wife. He next meets a private dancer, Sonia, who had also been tortured by Dheeraj, but managed to escape. Arjun then meets an idol-maker who used to work with Dheeraj. The maker tells him that Dheeraj used to make idols of devils instead of deities and killed the factory-owner who tried to stop him.
Inspector Sadaa (Sudhanshu Pandey) informs Arjun that Dheeraj is free, and the police try to track him down as quickly as possible. Nirmala and Dheeraj enter the same temple where Reshma is hiding. Nirmala and the priest, who had both been unaware of Dheeraj's true nature, are killed by Dheeraj, but not before the priest reveals that Reshma is there. Dheeraj finds the terrified Reshma and brutally murders her, escaping just before Arjun and the cops arrive. Arjun finds Reshma's body and breaks down, feeling guilty and responsible for her death.
Dheeraj targets Priya next whom she calls for a photoshoot and tries to torture her, but Arjun saves her, engaging Dheeraj in a fight as police officers show up. They request Arjun not to kill Dheeraj. Dheeraj then plays the tape he recorded when he was torturing Reshma. Hearing Reshma's pleading cries, Arjun, tormented by her death and blaming himself for it, angrily kills Dheeraj, ending his reign of terror once and for all.
The film ends with Arjun visiting a church with Priya, implying that Reshma's near death has made Arjun realise his love for her.
Production and filming.
The film was shot in Mumbai and Goa. Earlier, Bipasha Basu was offered the part of the leading lady, but she refused. Then Mohit Suri offered the leading role to Asin Thottumkal but, she thought the role of leading lady is not so powerful so she also refused to do this role. The part then went to Jacqueline Fernandez, after also considering actress Sonal Chauhan. Basu was also offered the item number "Aa Zara". When she refused, the song was given to Yana Gupta.
The song "Haal-E-Dil" had to be re-shot to make it more suitable for television promos.
Yana Gupta's item number "Aa Zara" was not aired on television promos as it was too explicit and suggestive for audiences under 18. Instead, the number was shot with Jacqueline Fernandez and Emraan Hashmi, which was aired on television. The original number with Yana was retained in the film.
The DVD of the film was released on 1 August 2011.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Murder 2" received mixed to positive reviews from various critics of India. Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave it 4/5 stars and stated ""Murder 2" is one of the finest crime stories to come out of the Hindi film industry. Also, as a film, it lives up to the expectations that you may associate from a sequel of a smash hit." Nikhat Kazmi of The Times Of India gave it 3.5/5 stars coomenting,'Murder 2 has enough to give the masses a mast time'.IANS gave it 3/5 stars. Komal Nahta of Koimoi rated "Murder 2" with 3/5 stars and said – " It doesn’t have too much to offer in terms of entertainment as it is a dark film but its plus points are the abundant sex scenes and the good music. Its reasonable budget on the one hand, and wonderful recovery from sale of its satellite, music and worldwide theatrical rights on the other have ensured that the producers have made a handsome profit before release." Pankaj Sabnani of Glamsham gave it 3/5 stars while writng that'An intriguing plot supported by superb performances, make MURDER 2 a 'killer' film'. Daily Bhaskar also gave it 3/5 stars, stating that ' If Emraan plus Jacqueline under the name 'Murder 2' don't arise your interest enough, then the story will surely do the trick'.
Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV gave the movie 2.5/5 stars. Nikita Kapoor of FilmiTadka rated the film with 2.5/5 stars and said – "Overall "Murder 2" is an adult, violent, and gruesome movie, which is a good thing, however after a time you feel as if the film was written and directed only for Emraan Hashmi (excessive presence in every frame) which doesn’t go down well with me." Raja Sen of Rediff gave it 1.5/5 stars and wrote in his review – ""Murder 2" is flat, boring and not worth talking about. Even Emraan, sporting less stubble than usual, seems baby-faced as he goes through the motions. It might be inspired by some obscure film, but I don't even care enough to look for its name. By now, I've come to accept that the Bhatts have a bigger DVD collection than me. I do wish they'd stop flaunting it, though."
Box office.
The film opened with full houses across India with occupancy ranging from 70–100%, earning . The film grossed in its opening weekend. After the weekend, the film grossed on Monday, on Tuesday and on Wednesday. The film went on to gross in its first week, although collections were affected on 13–14 July due to the bomb blasts in Mumbai on 13 July 2011. As of February 2012, Box Office India claimed that it was the 28th biggest opening week of all time. The movie dominated the single screens despite new releases and grossed in the second week despite limited multiplex release. "Murder 2" grossed approximately at the Indian box office. The all India distributor share stood at . It was elevated to "Blockbuster" status all over India.
Soundtrack.
Tracklist.
The films soundtrack is composed by Mithoon, Harshit Saxena & Sangeet-Sidharath. Lyrics are penned by Mithoon, Kumaar & Syeed Quadri. Songs are as follows : -
Reception.
The album received positive reviews from critics. Joginder Tuteja from Bollywood Hungama gave the album a 3/5 stars saying that ""Murder 2" turns out to be a good deal overall." Musicaloud gave the album 3.5/5 stars.
Sequel.
After the success of the first two installments, the producers released a third film "Murder 3", on 15 February 2013. The film, which was an official remake of Spanish film "The Hidden Face", starred Randeep Hooda, Aditi Rao Hydari and Sara Loren in lead roles. However, unlike the earlier parts, it only performed moderately well at the box office

</doc>
<doc id="31035868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035868" title="Henry Jellett (father)">
Henry Jellett (father)

Early life.
Jellett came from a well-known Cork family, and was born in 1821. He attended Trinity College, Dublin, graduated with a degree in Moral Philosophy in 1841, and was ordained deacon in 1844 and priest the following year.
Ecclesiastical career.
Jellett spent the following 45 years of his ministry in South Ireland, where he was Rector of Ahinagh (in the Diocese of Cloyne) from 1853 to 1889. From 1871 he was also a Chaplain to the Bishop of Cork, and in 1884 was appointed Archdeacon of Cloyne.
In 1889 he was elected Dean of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, where he had for several years been a canon. He was a ""High Churchman of the old school, and his opinions were not those which were popular among Irish clergy"". He had been considered as Bishop in the diocese of Cork in the late 1870s, but was not elected. When he was elected Dean ten years later, rumor had it was by a narrow majority of one vote.
His obituary in "The Times" describe him as "probably, next to the Primate (Dr. Alexander), the most capable preacher in Ireland … He always had something to say, and his magnificent delivery and venerable bearing lent weight to his words".
Jellett died in his post on New Year’s Eve 1901.
He was the author of the following two books:
Family.
His brother was John Hewitt Jellett (1817-1888), Provost of Trinity College, Dublin, and another brother was Serjeant H. P. Jellett, KC, a member of the Irish Bar.
He married his cousin Elizabeth Morgan, daughter of James Morgan, of Cork. They had eight children, of whom three survived him. Their son, also called Henry Jellett, achieved eminence as a Gynaecologist and author.

</doc>
<doc id="31035869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035869" title="Dolbina inexacta">
Dolbina inexacta

Dolbina inexacta is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Pakistan, northern and central India and Nepal across Myanmar, southern China, northern Thailand and northern Vietnam to Taiwan.
The wingspan is 55–86 mm. The thorax, legs and wings undersides are brown. There are large black mesial patches on the abdomen underside. The discal interspace on the forewing upperside is sometimes pinkish grey between the discal cell and the hind margin.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Ligustrum robustum" in China and "Olea", "Lonicera", "Ligustrum", "Fraxinus" and "Osmanthus" species elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="31035894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035894" title="Clyde Gates">
Clyde Gates

Edmond Darell "Clyde" Gates (born June 13, 1986) is an American football wide receiver for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). Gates was drafted by the Miami Dolphins as the 111th overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft. He is the cousin of Baltimore Ravens running back Bernard Scott and St. Louis Rams running back Daryl Richardson.
Early years.
Gates had a rough childhood, growing up in a troubled neighborhood with his father serving 18 years in prison for murder. He intended on playing in the NBA after earning a scholarship to play basketball at Tyler Junior College in Texas. He was asked not to return for a second season; however, which led him to find a new future. He was recruited by Abilene Christian to play football in 2007.
College career.
As a freshmen in 2007, played in 11 games finishing with 12 catches for 285 yards and 1 touchdown. He also carried the ball 14 times for 189 yards and 4 more scores. He had 876 all-purpose yards in 2007. Gates finished his sophomore year playing 10 games, missing two games due to a leg injury early in the season, resulting in 31 catches for 716 yards and 8 touchdowns. His Junior year earned him the "top receiver for the Wildcats" with 702 yards with 5 touchdown, averaging 14.3 yards per catch.
Upon entering the 2011 NFL draft, he was selected in the 4th round with the 111th pick by the Miami Dolphins.
Professional career.
Miami Dolphins.
Gates scored his first touchdown in the Dolphins first preseason game on August 12, 2011 vs Atlanta.
Gates was released by the Dolphins on August 31, 2012.
New York Jets.
Gates was claimed off waivers by the New York Jets on September 1, 2012.
Gates suffered a season-ending shoulder injury on October 13, 2013 and was placed on the injured reserve list two days later.

</doc>
<doc id="31035895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035895" title="Bernhard I">
Bernhard I

Bernhard I may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035900" title="Franco-Moroccan War (disambiguation)">
Franco-Moroccan War (disambiguation)

Franco-Moroccan Wars include:

</doc>
<doc id="31035904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035904" title="Richard Jata">
Richard Jata

Richard Jata (born September 21, 1985 in Dunedin, Florida) is an American soccer player.
Career.
College and amateur.
Jata began his college career at Furman University, where he led the team in points. After one season with Furman he transferred to Campbell University. During his time at Campbell, he was a three-time All-South region midfielder, had 12 game-winning goals, was a three-time All-Atlantic Sun Conference First Team selection (2006, 2007, 2008), and amassed 71 points (28 goals, 15 assists) in 3 seasons. In Jata's senior year at Campbell he led the team to a 14-6 record, including an undefeated record in A-Sun conference play. He also achieved numerous individual awards, including being named the 2008 Athlete of the Year, the 2008 Atlantic Sun Conference Player of the Year, a 2008 NSCAA All-American Second Team selection, and a 3-time NCCSIA All-State team selection from 2006-2008. He finished his college career with 32 goals and 18 assists.
During his college career, Jata played with USL Premier Development League club Carolina Dynamo during their 2007 and 2008 seasons.
Professional.
Jata was drafted in the fourth round (58th overall) of the 2009 MLS SuperDraft by Chicago Fire, but failed to make their final roster and was released by the club during their pre-season. He then proceeded to trial with numerous clubs in the US and Europe, but failed to sign with any of them. Jata eventually returned to USL PDL club Carolina Dynamo to play for them during their 2010 season.
Due to his perceived funny and touching speech at the 2009 MLS SuperDraft, Jata's journey in trying to secure a pro contract were followed and blogged about heavily on the internet, including one run by his brother for Campbell University.
Jata signed his first professional contract in February 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on April 17, 2011 in Wilmington's first game of the 2011 season, a 1-0 win over the Rochester Rhinos. Jata left Wilmington at the end of the 2011 season for personal reasons.
Personal.
Richard has two older brothers, Jacob and Ben. Jacob lives with his wife in Massachusetts and Ben lives in New York City. Ben was also a very talented soccer player in high school, but never pursued any offers to play at the collegiate level. He now works as and editor and fantasy expert for Major League Soccer. He also works as an analyst for Opta Sports and as a high school coach in the Greater New York City area.

</doc>
<doc id="31035908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035908" title="Coprocess">
Coprocess

In computer science, a coprocess is a process that explicitly yields control to other processes or the operating system.
Bash and BETA have language constructs for coprocesses.

</doc>
<doc id="31035909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035909" title="Restless Variations">
Restless Variations

Restless Variations is a compilation album of newer artists (in 1986) that were on Restless Records issued as a single LP in a gatefold sleeve. The album included tracks from several notable acts, including Mojo Nixon & Skid Roper, The Dead Milkmen, Fear and Get Smart! and was compiled by Steev Riccardo, Scott Vanderbilt and Rick Orienza.
A "record release" concert, featuring Mojo Nixon, the Dead Milkmen, John Trubee and 28th Day, was held at Raji's in Hollywood on February 12th, 1986. 
Track listing.
Side One:
Side Two:

</doc>
<doc id="31035922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035922" title="2011 Football League Championship play-off Final">
2011 Football League Championship play-off Final

The 2011 Football League Championship play-off final was a football match contested by Reading and Swansea City on 30 May 2011 at Wembley Stadium to decide the third team to be promoted from the Championship to the Premier League for the 2011–12 season.
Under Championship play-off rules, the final is contested by the two teams which secured an aggregate victory over two-legged semi-finals, with the team that finished sixth in the league table (Nottingham Forest) having played third (Swansea City), and fifth (Reading) having played fourth (Cardiff City).
Swansea City won the final by a scoreline of 4–2. The Welsh side went into half-time 3–0 up thanks to two goals from Scott Sinclair and a third from Stephen Dobbie. Reading came close to bringing the score level in the early stages of the second-half through a Joe Allen own goal and a headed goal from Matt Mills. Swansea however, secured victory in the 80th minute with their second penalty kick of the game, converted by Sinclair for his second career hat-trick.
Venue controversy.
Due to the UEFA Champions League 2011 final being held at Wembley Stadium on 28 May 2011, it appeared that the three Football League play-off finals may have to be played at a different venue for the first time since 2007 due to the double-booking of Wembley. 
Manchester United's Old Trafford had been confirmed as a possible alternative, while Arsenal's Emirates Stadium and the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff were also said to be under consideration to host the Championship, League One and League Two play-off finals.
It was later confirmed that Wembley would host the Championship play-off final on 30 May, while Old Trafford would host the League Two and League One finals on 28 and 29 May respectively.
Route to the final.
The two-legged semi-finals determined that the final would be contested by Reading and Swansea City.
Second legs.
"Swansea City won 3–1 on aggregate."
"Reading won 3–0 on aggregate."
Match overview.
Build-up.
Accountancy firm Deloitte calculated that the Championship play-off final would again be worth about £90,000,000 to the winner, including over £40,000,000 of higher broadcast income, gate receipts and commercial income in the 2011-12 Premier League.
A win would also see Reading return to the Premier League after a three-year absence. Swansea City last played in England's top-flight in 1983, but a victory would make them the first Welsh team to enter the contemporary 'Premier League' since its establishment in 1992.
Summary.
A hat-trick which included two penalty kicks from Scott Sinclair helped Swansea City secure promotion to the Premier League for the first time since 1983. Two goals in two first-half minutes for Sinclair, the first a penalty, and a third from Stephen Dobbie saw the Welsh side go into the dressing room at half-time with a seemingly comfortable 3–0 advantage.
Television reports suggested that in the tunnel at half-time, Reading's assistant manager Nigel Gibbs and unused substitute Jay Tabb were both sent off by referee Phil Dowd.
Reading struck back early in the second half, however, through a Noel Hunt header which deflected in off Joe Allen for an own goal and a headed goal by Matt Mills to pull the score back to 3–2. Reading came close to an equaliser when Jem Karacan's shot was deflected onto the post, but Sinclair sealed it for the Swans with an 80th-minute penalty, and in doing so completing his second career hat-trick.
Statistics.
Source: BBC Sport

</doc>
<doc id="31035925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035925" title="Stalag (pornography)">
Stalag (pornography)

In the early post-shoah Israel (~ 1950-1960s), Stalag (German, abbreviation for "Stammlager"), was the name for certain types of pornographic magazines or erotic stories, whose main theme was about female SS-officers who enact abusive sexual practices upon male Jewish prisoners, and sometimes also the reverse theme, the male Jewish prisoners' sexual revenge on their tormenters.
Sociologically, this pop/youth phenomenon was seen as a youth-like ("revolt") way to deal with the tabooed immediate traumatic past of their whole people (Shoah), having their examination through this type of medium. The "victim topic" was widely silenced by their parents, plus the majority of the Israeli youth of this time never had any real-life experience with Nazi occupied Europe, as they were either already born from Ashkenazi parents in Israel or had non-European roots (Sephardi, Mizrahi).
With the Eichmann trials in the 1960s, which brought a broad public sensitization about the "victim role" within the Israeli society, Stalags' popularity soon decreased.

</doc>
<doc id="31035927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035927" title="Henry Westenra, 3rd Baron Rossmore">
Henry Westenra, 3rd Baron Rossmore

Henry Robert Westenra, 3rd Baron Rossmore of Monaghan (24 August 1792 – 1 December 1860) was an Anglo-Irish Member of Parliament and peer, from 1843 to 1852 Lord Lieutenant of Monaghan.
Life.
Westenra was Member of Parliament for County Monaghan from 1818 to 1830, again from 1831 to 1832 and from May to July 1834, and finally from 1835 to 1842. On 10 August 1842, on the death of his father, he succeeded to the titles of Baron Rossmore of Monaghan in the peerage of Ireland and Baron Rossmore of Monaghan in the peerage of the United Kingdom, the second title giving him a seat in the House of Lords. From 1843 to 1852 he was Lord Lieutenant of County Monaghan.
A member of a family of individualists, Rossmore was a prolific letter-writer, and his surviving letters have been described as "voluminous, frequently vitriolic, and very instructive".
He was also an accomplished player of the Irish pipes, and was considered to be the equal of a good professional piper. In "Twenty Years Recollections of an Irish Police Magistrate" (1880), Frank Thorpe Porter recalled an evening when Rossmore 
On 25 January 1820 he married firstly, at Edinburgh, to Anne Douglas-Hamilton (born c. 1796 – died 1844), daughter of the Duke of Hamilton and Brandon (1756–1799), and of Harriet Pye Bennett. In right of this wife Rossmore inherited an estate on the Scottish Isle of Arran.
On 19 May 1846, after the death of his first wife, Rossmore married secondly at Camla Vale, County Monaghan, his cousin Josephine Julia Helen (née Lloyd), with whom he had six children:
According to Rossmore's second son, the fifth baron, "My father's favourite amusements were yachting, shooting and fishing, and, oddly enough, playing the bagpipes, at which he excelled." He also reported that Rossmore had suffered from a very bad stammer.
Death.
Rossmore died on 1 December 1860 at his country house in County Monaghan, Rossmore Park, and was buried there on 7 December 1860. The house was abandoned in the 1940s, fell into a ruin, and was demolished in 1975.
His granddaughter Kathleen (1872–1955), married the 7th Duke of Newcastle in 1899 and was a dog breeder who influenced the Borzoi and Wire Fox Terrier breeds.

</doc>
<doc id="31035938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035938" title="Fortune Favours the Brave (band)">
Fortune Favours the Brave (band)

History.
Fortune Favours The Brave was formed in late 2006 after the collapse of My Own Enemy (Adam Aldridge, Ashley Dines, Jamie Tritton). They have gone through various name changes including 'Rivers Run Red' and 'Twist the Knife'.<br>
In the first year of being together a 3 track Demo entitled Flourish and Grow was recorded by Adam at his home studio. The songs on the demo have since been re-recorded for a new e.p with new lyrics and vocal patterns.
Their musical style is somewhat frenetic with brutal drumming and shredding guitar solos found prominently on their songs "Between The Bullets And The Bloodstains" and "Call of Duty".
After initially gigging in the Essex area the band started branching out and playing further afield with gigs in London and the like.
Album.
FFTB have recently finished recording their debut album "Through The Bullets And The Bloodstains" which is due for release through Transcend Records April 2011.
They have been touring extensively and have been playing a few songs off of the album which have been met with great reception from fans.
During the recording of their debut album the band have documented the process with a video diary entitled "Between The Bullshit and The Shitstains".
On the 15th March 2011 the Band confirmed that their debut album will be released on 23 May 2011 via their Twitter Page. Long time friend and touring bassist Rob Oliver was confirmed as the bands new bassist on May 22, 2011 and that there has been an amicable split with Transcend Records, both via their Facebook page.

</doc>
<doc id="31035949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035949" title="Dolbina tancrei">
Dolbina tancrei

Dolbina tancrei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East, north-eastern China, the Korean Peninsula and Japan.
The wingspan is 50–82 mm. It can be distinguished from other "Dolbina" species by the green wings and body. It differs from most similar species "Dolbina exacta" by the presence of large black patches and extremely small black dots on the underside of the abdomen. The main distinguishing character however, is the presence of a crescent hook on the aedeagus apex. The abdomen and wings undersides are brownish grey. There are large black mesial patches on the abdomen underside.
Adults are on wing from in May and September in two generations in northern China and in two generations with adults on wing from May to June and in August in Russia. In Korea, adults have been recorded from late May to late August.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Fraxinus" and "Syringa" species in Primorskiy, "Ligustrum japonicum", "Ligustrum obtusifolium" and "Fraxinus rhynchophylla" in Korea and "Ligustrum japonicum", "Ligustrum obtusifolium", "Olea europaea" and "Osmanthus fragrans" in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="31035961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035961" title="The World University">
The World University

The World University (WU) is an educational institution based in Benson, Arizona, United States. It is dedicated to education in esoteric, spiritual, and non-traditional subjects. All courses and programs are offered via distance learning, although some on-campus instruction also takes place.
History.
It was founded by H. John Zitko (1911–2003), who served as WU's president. The World University Roundtable, the university's parent corporation, was proposed in Los Angeles, California, on December 21, 1946, and formed as a nonprofit corporation on February 24, 1947. The World University was established on December 21, 1967, by the Roundtable membership.
In 1969, WU purchased a complex of buildings in Tucson, Arizona, which served as the university's campus. In 1985, WU purchased an property, the "Desert Sanctuary Campus," located at the foot of the Rincon Mountain Range near Benson, Arizona, and in 1987 completed the move of its operations to the latter location. The Benson campus includes a library with 25,000 books, primarily on esoteric subjects. In addition to its Arizona headquarters, WU also maintains regional colleges in India and Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="31035967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035967" title="Philadelphia Science Fiction Society">
Philadelphia Science Fiction Society

The Philadelphia Science Fiction Society (PSFS) is a science fiction club in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. PSFS is the second oldest group in science fiction fandom and hosted what is considered by some to be the first science fiction convention. Anyone living in the greater Philadelphia area and interested in science fiction, fantasy, horror, whether written or on TV or in the movies; SF, fantasy, and horror art; gaming, board games or video games; comic books/graphic novels; and related arts is welcome.
The PSFS Constitution requires that a person must have attended three meetings before being voted into membership. The traditional club greeting for a person voted in is, "Pay your dues!" shouted in unison.
PSFS was formed in October 1935 as a merger of the 11th chapter of the Science Fiction League (chartered the previous January by Milton A. Rothman), and the Boy's Science Fiction Club, founded at about the same time. It adopted its present name in early 1936. According to John Baltadonis (one of its founders), the new name was inspired by an illuminated sign saying "PSFS" on the Philadelphia Savings Fund Society's building. The idea was that the science fiction group could then claim that the building was its clubhouse. In 1944, it merged with another Philadelphia SF club, the Philadelphia Futurians, and retained the PSFS name.
PSFS meets monthly, usually on the second Friday of the month. Meeting usually have a guest speaker. The Annual meeting is held in January and sees the seven members of the PSFS Board (President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, and three at-large members) report on their activities for the past year, and elections for new officers are held.
Since 1981, the July meeting of the Society has featured the Hugo Panel. This panel is made up of five members and a varying number of alternates. Panel members and alternates read all the nominees for the Hugo Awards in the categories of Short Story, Novella, Novelette, Novel, and the long form and short form Dramatic Presentations. One panel member summarizes all the nominees in a category, with the other panelists commented after the summaries. All panelists then vote their preference for each nominee, ranking them and the traditional "No Award." Votes are averaged to get the rankings. The panel is usually held several days before the deadline for voting on the Hugos, and helps those PSFS members who are voting.
Each panel member and alternate also makes a recommendation for Best and Worst of all of the nominees. It is not uncommon for the same work to be nominated for both.
PSFS hosts an annual science fiction convention, Philcon, in or near Philadelphia, usually in November. In 2006, the 70th anniversary Philcon was held at the Sheraton Philadelphia City Center Hotel. The first Philcon was held in 1936, making the convention the oldest science fiction convention in the world.
Since 1982, PSFS has sponsored the Philip K. Dick Award for "Best Original SF Paperback", which is awarded every year at Norwescon.
PSFS is incorporated as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.

</doc>
<doc id="31035983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035983" title="Bernhard III">
Bernhard III

Bernhard III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31035990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035990" title="Fight the Big Bull">
Fight the Big Bull

Fight the Big Bull is a Richmond, Virginia based improvisatory ensemble with two 2010 recordings selected for NPR's best of the year lists. The band was founded in the mid-00s by guitarist Matthew E. White, one of the organizers of the Patchwork Collective, an arts group dedicated to creating a vital local music scene. The original configuration- called simply Fight the Bull- was a trio with drummer Pinson Chanselle and trombonist Bryan Hooten. The group was subsequently expanded to eight players (or nine, with the occasional addition of ex-Agents of Good Roots percussionist Brian Jones.) The band has had several notable collaborations, notably with Chicago saxophonist Ken Vandermark and with NYC-based slide trumpeter/composer Steven Bernstein (the latter captured on the 2010 recording ""All is Gladness in the Kingdom".") They also collaborated with alternative folk singer David Karsten Daniels, with White providing arrangement to his critically well-received 2010 Thoreau project ""I Mean to Live Here Still"." A performance with Daniels at the NYC club "La Poisson Rouge" was reviewed by the New York Times.
In 2011 White formed Spacebomb Records, featuring members of Fight the Big Bull backing musicians including Washington-based indie folk-rocker Karl Blau and NYC jazz bass clarinetist Jason Stein. The label's first release, Matthew E. White's "Big Inner" received international critical acclaim, including positive reviews in the NY Times and selection as "Artist of the Month" by Rolling Stone. 
White and Fight the Big Bull also provided the music for Duke University's 2011 tribute to Alan Lomax's "Sound of the South" field recordings in a concert featuring the band backing Bon Iver's Justin Vernon, Sharon Van Etten and members of Megafaun. 

</doc>
<doc id="31035993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31035993" title="Dolbina grisea">
Dolbina grisea

The Mountain Hawkmoth ("Dolbina grisea") is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from northern Pakistan, Kashmir, eastern Afghanistan, Tajikistan and the western Gissar Mountains of southern Uzbekistan. The habitat consists of light, temperate montane forest, including juniper woodland.
The wingspan is 50-64 mm. Adults are on wing in early April, from early June to August, and (sometimes) from late September to early October. There are two or three generations per year.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Fraxinus potamophila" in Tajikistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31036005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036005" title="Jump (Djumbo album)">
Jump (Djumbo album)

Jump is the first album of the girlband Djumbo. It was released on 9 May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31036012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036012" title="2010 Madagascar coup d'état attempt">
2010 Madagascar coup d'état attempt

The 2010 Madagascar coup d'état attempt was an alleged coup attempt against President of the High Transitional Authority of Madagascar Andry Rajoelina on November 17–18, 2010. The coup attempt leaders were ex-Defense Minister Noel Rakotonandrasanana and Colonel Charles Andrianasoaviana, the head of the Special Intervention Force.

</doc>
<doc id="31036014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036014" title="Central Makran Range">
Central Makran Range

The Central Makran Range is a mountain range in the Makran region, in southwestern section of Balochistan Province, in southwestern Pakistan. 
Geography.
It is one of three ranges in the mountain ranges system. The range's peaks are in elevation.
Mirani Dam across the Dasht River forms a reservoir in the range. are in the range with canals distributing irrigation water
Geology.
The Central Makran Range is primarily made up of limestone and sandstone. It was formed when the northwestern Indian Plate collided with the Asian Plate. 
Adjacent ranges.
There are three main ranges in Balochistan: 

</doc>
<doc id="31036027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036027" title="Virastyar">
Virastyar

Virastyar () is a Persian spell checker, written as an add-in for Microsoft Word. Besides Persian spell checking, Virastyar features Persian character standardization, Pinglish transliteration, punctuation correction and calendar conversion. It also can conjugate more than 46,000 simple verb tense and use inflection and morphological rules to recognize possible extensions of a word. It covers more than 2,800 non-verbal inflections for noun, adjective, adverb, preposition, numeral, classifier, and pronoun.
Virastyar is mostly coded in Microsoft Visual C# using .NET Framework and is a free software, released under the GNU General Public License.

</doc>
<doc id="31036030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036030" title="Gare de Portets">
Gare de Portets

Portets is a railway station in Portets, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Portets:

</doc>
<doc id="31036071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036071" title="Spotlight (Djumbo album)">
Spotlight (Djumbo album)

Spotlight is the second studio album from Dutch girldband Djumbo, released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31036082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036082" title="I Am Belarusian">
I Am Belarusian

"I Am Belarusian" (previously "Born in Bielorussia" or "Born in Byelorussia") is a song written by Evgeny Oleinik, Svetlana Geraskova and performed by Anastasia Vinnikova and was due to represent Belarus at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, after being internally selected by the Belarussian national television. However the song had to be withdrawn after it was discovered that it was sung in public in the summer of 2010. It was changed to another song called "I Love Belarus".

</doc>
<doc id="31036111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036111" title="Vicente Piquer">
Vicente Piquer

Vicente Piquer Mora (born 24 February 1935 in Algar de Palancia, Valencian Community) is a retired Spanish footballer, who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="31036114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036114" title="Anastasia Vinnikova">
Anastasia Vinnikova

Anastasia Vinnikova, (, ) born April 15, 1991 is a singer from Belarus. She represented her country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "I Love Belarus", but failed to qualify to the final.
History.
Anastasia Vinnikova was born in Dzyarzhynsk, BSSR on April 15, 1991. Anastasia attended the Minsk State Linguistic University, School of Translation and Interpreting.
Eurovision.
Anastasia participated in Eurovision in 2011 with the song "I Love Belarus". The song was written by Evgeny Oleinik. Originally, Vinnikova was to perform the song "Born in Bielorussia" until it was discovered that the song had been previously performed in the summer of 2010. Anastasia competed in the second semi final at Eurovision. Belarus placed fourteenth with a total of forty-five points.
Discography.
Singles.
Inconnu :

</doc>
<doc id="31036124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036124" title="Gare d'Arbanats">
Gare d'Arbanats

Arbanats is a railway station in Arbanats, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Arbanats:

</doc>
<doc id="31036125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036125" title="Nikola I">
Nikola I

Nikola I may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31036128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036128" title="Euro club index">
Euro club index

The Euro Club Index is a European association football ranking system, devised and updated by the Dutch sports statistics company, Infostrada Sports.
The Index is updated weekly, and gives a ranking of all 723 clubs in the highest division of all European countries, showing their relative playing strengths at a given point in time, and the development of playing strengths in time.
As well as a way of ranking teams, the Index can be used to generate the probability of outcomes matches between clubs, giving a precise percentage for the probability of a win, draw, or loss in each game.
Calculation.
Details of how the index is calculated can be found on the Euro Club Index website [http://www.euroclubindex.com/asp/Methodology.asp]
Current rankings.
As of 8 November 2011, the current top 10 teams as ranked by the Euro Club Index are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="31036131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036131" title="Magic (Djumbo album)">
Magic (Djumbo album)

Magic is the third album from Djumbo. It was released as a normal version and also a special version with an extra book in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31036160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036160" title="Ken Hall (footballer)">
Ken Hall (footballer)

Ken Hall (born 13 November 1980) is a former Australian rules football player from Tasmania. After playing junior football in his home state and spending two years in the seniors at North Hobart, Hall moved to Victoria in 2001 to play for Essendon Football Club's reserves side in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Hall played for the reserves for a year before being drafted onto Essendon's rookie list for the 2002 season. He was promoted to the senior list midway through 2002 and subsequently made his Australian Football League (AFL) debut, although he did not record a statistic in what was to be his only AFL match. Hall was retained on the Bombers' rookie list for 2003 and was again elevated to the senior list during the season. Although he was often named as an emergency after his promotion, Hall was unable to break into the senior team and Essendon delisted him at the end of 2003, ending his AFL career. After being delisted Hall played with the Tasmanian Devils in the VFL for four seasons, before rejoining his old side, Tasmanian Football League (TFL) team North Hobart, in 2008. He won two best and fairest awards and captained the club in his time with North Hobart before retiring at the conclusion of the 2011 season.
Early career.
A Tasmanian native, Hall played junior football for North Hobart Football Club's under 18 side in the Tasmanian Football League (TFL), as well as representing his under 18 state side, the Tassie Mariners, in the TAC Cup. He broke his wrist while playing for North Hobart's under 18s in 1997 and broke the same wrist again in April 1998, this time while playing for the Mariners. Hall recovered from the injury by August and was back playing for the Mariners. Hall was no longer eligible in the under 18s in 1999 and so became a regular fixture in North Hobart's senior side. He played as a defender, was occasionally required to shut down the opposition's star players, and was regularly named as one of the Demons' better players. Hall started the 2000 season playing as a centre half forward for the Demson, despite his relatively small size. In the first game of the year he kicked a match winning goal as North Hobart defeated Clarence by 11 points. By May Hall was again playing on the half back line. His form in defence was described as "reliable" and "solid" by the middle of the season. The young Demons side unexpectedly reached the finals and caused an upset in the semi final against the heavily favoured Burnie Dockers; Hall was named as the Demons' "best player without question" by "The Mercury". At the conclusion of the season, Hall was named as back pocket in the Tasmanian side and the North Hobart played with the most potential.
With the breakup of the TFL at the end of the 2000 season, many of Tasmania's best young footballers, including Hall, moved interstate to try and break into the Australian Football League (AFL) and other quality leagues. Hall began training with AFL side Essendon in December 2000 in the hope of being drafted. He was not drafted that year as the Bombers' lost draft picks due to salary cap violations, but was instead placed on the Bombers' supplementary list, playing with Essendon's reserves side in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
AFL career.
After impressing with the reserves in 2001, Hall was drafted by Essendon with the 46th selection in the 2002 AFL Rookie Draft, thereby placing him on the Bombers' rookie list. Speaking to "The Mercury", Hall described the opportunity as exciting said that it has always been his dream to play in the AFL. In the lead-up to the 2002 season Hall played in all three of Essendon's pre-season matches, of which the Bombers lost every game. As rookie listed players must be promoted to the senior list before they play a senior AFL match, Hall began the 2002 season playing in the VFL for Essendon's reserves team. When Dean Solomon suffered a season-ending knee injury in late March, Hall was one of three players in contention to be promoted to the senior list in place of Solomon. After approximately one month of assessment Hall was deemed the most impressive of Essendon's three rookies and was elevated to the senior list. In early June, Hall played particularly well in defence for the reserves against the Murray Kangaroos, and was subsequently in consideration to play for Essendon's senior team. The Essendon team had been plagued by injury throughout 2002 and this, coupled with Hall's good form in the VFL, resulted in him making his AFL debut in round 12 against Hawthorn. After a particularly poor performance in his debut match, in which he did not record a statistic and spent most of the match on the bench, Hall was dropped backed to the VFL side the following round. Despite showing good form in the VFL for the remainder of 2002, Hall was unable to break back into the senior Bombers line-up. Although a poor season for Hall in terms of AFL appearances, he played well at VFL level and was third in the reserves' best and fairest award.
Hall was retained on the Bombers' rookie list for 2003. Although Essendon had another poor pre-season, losing four of the five matches they played, Hall played in each of the games. He was described as "performwell" in "The Age" newspaper, and even kicked a goal in the first of the matches. After spending the majority of his career prior to 2003 as a defender, Hall was trialled as a midfielder for the 2003 season, a move which reaped immediate results as he became a "goalscoring weapon" for the Bendigo Bombers—Essendon's new VFL-affiliate side—as well as becoming well known for his penetrating kicking ability. In early August, Hall kicked four goals in a close win against the Northern Bullants in the VFL, and three days later, Essendon coach Kevin Sheedy declared that Hall and two others were in contention to be promoted to the senior list, even though he had missed out on being elevated two weeks prior. Sheedy then proceeded to promote Hall, in place of the injured Joel Reynolds, only a day later to "see if [Hall will be a viable option come finals time". He was immediately named in Essendon's 25-man squad to play against the Western Bulldogs, but failed to make the starting 22. Despite not playing a senior match for the entirety of the regular season, there was media speculation that Hall may be selected for Essendon's elimination final against Fremantle, due to Sheedy stating that he had "little choice" but to select a youthful team for the match and that "it wouldn't worry " to choose an inexperienced player. Despite these comments, Sheedy elected not to play Hall in the match, instead selecting him as an emergency. Essendon won the match and moved on to the semi final, where Hall was again an emergency. Essendon lost the semi final and was eliminated from the finals series, ending the Bombers' season. Although he regularly pushed for selection in 2003 and finished equal second in Bendigo's best and fairest count, Hall was delisted at season's end.
Post-AFL career.
After being delisted by the Bombers, Hall was pursued by multiple clubs; he had offers from VFL sides Coburg, the Tasmanian Devils, Williamstown and Bendigo, as well as South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club West Adelaide before deciding to sign with Devils because he wanted to come home to family and friends. Hall started the 2004 season playing as a forward and despite moving into the midfield by mid-season he was still a regular goalkicker. In June he was named in the VFL representative squad to play against the West Australian Football League, but he missed out on the match due to a hip flexor injury that sidelined him for a month. Hall finished the home and away season in fifth place in the "The Mercury"s Tasmanian Devils Player of the Year award and in equal third place in the Devils' best and fairest award. In 2005 Hall was among the best on the ground in an interstate match between the VFL and the SANFL, finished in third in the Devils' best and fairest count, and was runner up in "The Mercury"s Tasmanian Devils Player of the Year award. The 2006 season saw Hall named best on ground in his 100th VFL match, a 24-point win over Frankston. He was again runner up in "The Mercury"s Tasmanian Devils Player of the Year award and also finished as runner up in the team's best and fairest count. In 2007 journalist Matt Burgan, writing for the AFL website, named Hall in his best 22 players currently from Tasmania, with Hall and Cameron Thurley the only two players who were not listed with an AFL club at the time of selection. Hall began the 2007 season being named in the Devils' leadership group. He represented Tasmania in an interstate match against Queensland and was awarded the Lefroy Medal as best on ground for the Tasmanians. Hall finished the year winning his first Tasmanian Devils Player of the Year award and coming third in the best and fairest.
After 134 matches and 109 goals in the VFL, Hall left the Devils at the end of the 2007 season, citing work and family reasons—his wife Lauren was expecting their first child in December 2007. He proceeded to rejoin North Hobart Football Club in the TFL for 2008. In his first year with the club Hall won the George Miller Medal, awarded to North Hobart's best and fairest player for the season. Although Hall did not win back-to-back best and fairests in 2009, he was described as North Hobart's "star player", represented the TFL in a match against the QAFL, and was his team's only representative in the top 10 of the Tassie Medal, awarded to the league's best and fairest player. By 2010, Hall was the captain of North Hobart, and was one of only four players in the TFL to have senior AFL experience. Hall had another good season in 2010; he won his second George Miller Medal, and was described by his coach as one of the league's five best players and the "best tackler in the competition". Despite carrying a nagging ankle injury, Hall started the 2011 season well, with "The Mercury"s Brett Stubbs stating that he was arguably the second best player in the league. He missed five weeks during the middle of the season and although he was named best on ground in his comeback match, Hall said that another injury would probably be the end of his career. He played out the reason of the season and finished in ninth place in the State League Player of the Year award, was named on the half back flank in the TFL Team of the Year, and finished in the top 20 in the Tassie Medal count. Hall retired from football at the end of the 2011 season; his coach at North Hobart described Hall as irreplaceable.

</doc>
<doc id="31036185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036185" title="Gare de Podensac">
Gare de Podensac

Podensac is a railway station in Podensac, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Podensac:

</doc>
<doc id="31036215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036215" title="Paul S. Farmer">
Paul S. Farmer

Paul Stephen Farmer MBE (born 16 April 1950) is a retired British educationalist who developed the use of pop music in school music education in the 1970s, and is reputed to be the first to devise a public examination in the UK exclusively in pop music. He wrote several music education books and became a London comprehensive school head teacher at the age of 33.
Education.
Farmer was born in Woodford Green, Essex, the son of an examiner in HM Patent Office. After Woodford Green Preparatory School he won an LEA grant to Chigwell School, where he learnt to play the organ. He was accepted as an undergraduate by both the Royal College of Music and Royal Academy of Music and attended the former. There he gained the ARCM diploma and took the joint College and Academy graduate course (GRSM). He began his career as a secondary school music teacher and later studied part-time at London University’s Institute of Education, where he took both the Diploma and MA in Education. In 2013 he was accepted as a graduate student of Cambridge University for a Master's research degree in Education. He became a member of Homerton College.
Awards & Honours.
In 1997 the Chartered Management Institute admitted Farmer to membership as a Fellow (FCMI), recognising his work in school management. In December 2012 he became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts (FRSA) and the following June he was appointed MBE by HM The Queen in the Birthday Honours list, for services to the community in Suffolk.
Teaching career.
In 1974, after two years' teaching, Farmer was appointed Head of Music at Holland Park School, London, where he developed the use of pop music in music teaching. He created the first public examination in pop music, a mode III Certificate of Secondary Education (CSE) which was first administered in 1976. The exam was devised to motivate a group of fourth form pupils who did not want to follow the existing music exam course, including Angus Gaye (aka Drummie Zeb) who went on to form the reggae group Aswad. 
Out of this course emerged what was claimed to be the first classroom textbook in pop music, "Pop Workbook", co-written by Farmer and Tony Attwood and first published in 1978. Demand for the book led to its reprinting in 1979 and 1982. Alongside Holland Park's 4th/5th year course in pop music Farmer devised similar but broader modules for 11-14 year olds which were later published as the "Longman Music Topics".In 1979 the first edition of Farmer's book "Music in the Comprehensive School" was published, written for teachers and students of education, with a slightly larger second edition in 1984.
In 1981 Farmer became Deputy Head of Dick Sheppard School, a mixed comprehensive in Brixton noted for its left-wing activists on the teaching staff. He was subsequently appointed its Head Teacher at the age of 33 and was described as the Inner London Education Authority's (ILEA's) youngest head. His four years of headship were eventful (see WP entry for school) and after successfully applying for the headship of a larger school in 1987, he was eventually succeeded by Philip Lawrence QGM, who was murdered outside the school gates of his own subsequent headship.
Later life.
After the ILEA was abolished Farmer left London for Suffolk and held a number of part-time posts, teaching and examining music, including Choirmaster at Old Buckenham Hall prep school. He also founded and ran the first registered UK charity specialising in exclusively male health problems, "The Men's Health Trust".
In 2003 Farmer was elected to St Edmundsbury Borough Council and Bury St Edmunds Town Council. He has served on St Edmundsbury's cabinet, first as Arts & Culture portfolio holder, where he immediately got embroiled in the "dangerous" headstone controversy and closing the Manor House Museum. The latter action was deeply unpopular with many of his electors and a possible reason that he lost votes in the 2007 election, though still winning by a comfortable majority. From May 2007 he became responsible for finance. He was elected to Suffolk County Council in 2009 and after a spell as town, borough and county councillor resigned from the county council and reduced his borough council responsibilities in 2010 for health reasons. He was re-elected to the town centre historic Abbeygate ward on St Edmundsbury council and Bury St Edmunds town council in May 2011 with a personal record number of votes.

</doc>
<doc id="31036220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036220" title="1948 Desert Hot Springs earthquake">
1948 Desert Hot Springs earthquake

The 1948 Desert Hot Springs earthquake occurred on December 4 at 3:43 p.m. Pacific Standard Time with a Richter magnitude of 6.3 and a maximum perceived intensity of VII ("Very Strong"). The shock was felt from the central coast of California in the north, and to Baja California in the south, and came at a time when earthquake research in southern California was being resumed following the second world war. The earthquake was one of two that have occurred on the southern San Andreas Fault system in modern times, and although damage was not severe, some serious injuries occurred.
Preface.
The United States' involvement in World War II brought about a lapse in earthquake research in California, due to scientists and other technicians being pulled away for defense-related work, and the ongoing process of using earthquake records to establish their epicenters eventually came to end. The Seismological Society of America cancelled their annual meetings and their "Bulletin" was reduced to half its normal size. In the late 1940s though, research resumed at the Caltech Seismological Laboratory in Pasadena and the University of California, Berkeley in the form of monitoring local earthquakes in order to detect the location of active faults. By 1948, Charles Richter had determined that areas where small earthquakes were occurring did not necessarily mean that a stronger shock would take place at the same location in the future.
Tectonic setting.
The San Gorgonio Pass is the site of the largest irregularities of the San Andreas Fault system, where it becomes extraordinarily complex by branching into a group of discontinuous faults. The convoluted nature of the fault strands there makes estimating the source characteristics of future events in that area challenging. Simultaneous rupture of multiple fault strands can produce exceptionally complex earthquakes, like the 1992 Landers earthquake, which was caused by sequential rupture of multiple strike-slip faults. The site of the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake is another example of a simple fault within a relatively complex zone. That shock occurred on an unexposed and unknown strike-slip/reverse fault that lies close in proximity to the San Andreas fault in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
The San Andreas fault system is similarly complex as it moves through the San Gorgonio Pass, with associated oblique reverse faults that are actively uplifting San Gorgonio Mountain, the tallest peak in southern California. The 1986 North Palm Springs earthquake occurred to the west of the 1948 shock, on the Garnet Hill fault or the Coachella strand of the Banning fault, with of surface rupture. Together, these are the only historical shocks to occur on the portion of the San Andreas fault system that lies south of the Cajon Pass.
Damage.
The shock was felt as far north as Santa Maria and south into northern Baja California, and was described by seismologists as having been stronger than the 1933 Long Beach earthquake that heavily affected southern California, but no one was killed and only relatively minor damage occurred. A few injuries, some serious, occurred at the Palm Springs Theater during the rush to evacuate the building, and another man was injured by falling merchandise and required hospitalization. In downtown Los Angeles, buildings swayed, some windows were broken, and cracks appeared in some buildings. Similar types of damage was also present in Twentynine Palms, El Centro, and Yucca Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="31036224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036224" title="Gare de Cérons">
Gare de Cérons

Cérons is a railway station in Cérons, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Cérons:

</doc>
<doc id="31036235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036235" title="Chase (Djumbo album)">
Chase (Djumbo album)

Chase is the fourth album from pop group Djumbo. 

</doc>
<doc id="31036237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036237" title="James Daniel Wilson">
James Daniel Wilson

James Daniel Wilson is an English actor, voice-over artist and writer in various media including lip sync translations of foreign films into English.
Films Wilson has written for include "The Door" starring Helen Mirren and directed by István Szabó, "Vicky and The Treasure of The Gods" and "Vicky the Viking". As an actor he has worked extensively in theatre, TV, film and voice-overs.
Theatre credits include: the inaugural production of "Home" at the National Theatre of Scotland in conjunction with Frantic Assembly and the role of Giles Ralston in the West End production of "The Mousetrap". Wilson worked with Kali Theatre Company on the site specific piece "My Daughter's Trial". The show played to sell-out audiences in the old court room above Browns Restaurants on St. Martins Lane, London.
Wilson's voice can be heard in the feature length animation "Gnomeo and Juliet".
His computer game credits include the voice of the lead character Nowe in "Drakengard 2" and Ser Wesley Vallen in "Dragon Age II".
Wilson regularly records for Dorling Kindersley as a Lucasfilm approved voice. He has recorded a number of DK Readers including "Star Wars The Clone Wars" - "Jedi in Training", "Forces of Darkness" and "Jedi Heroes", and continues to record new titles.
Wilson has also recorded a number of unabridged audiobooks including Alan Hollinghurst's "The Stranger's Child", the follow up to his Booker Prize winning "The Line of Beauty". "Wilson is a triumph, bringing character's voices recognisably from childhood to old age... mesmerisingly examined for meaning." Karen Robinson - The Sunday Times on his reading of "The Stranger's Child". Other titles include John Boyne's "Crippen", Herbie Brennan's "The Ruler Of The Realm" and "Faerie Lord", F E Higgins' "The Eyeball Collector", "The Bone Magician" and "The Black Book Of Secrets", which received the Merit award at the CBI Book of the Year Awards, Matt Haig's "The Runaway Troll" and "Shadow Forest", Janet Foxley's "Muncle Trogg" and the role of Cooper in Mike Gayle's "The Life and Soul Of The Party".
For years, Wilson played Paul, one of the new generation of "The Tomorrow People" in the audio series by Big Finish Productions. The audio series was cancelled due to the discontinuation of a licensing arrangement with Fremantle Media Enterprises in December 2007. Wilson also guest-starred in Big Finish Production's audio productions "Sapphire and Steel - The School", as Max, and in "Doctor Who", as Brian, in "The Rapture".

</doc>
<doc id="31036248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036248" title="List of Neighbours characters (2003)">
List of Neighbours characters (2003)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the Network Ten soap opera "Neighbours" in 2003, by order of first appearance. Ric Pellizzeri took over the role of executive producer from Stanley Walsh, who left the show in November 2002. The 19th season of "Neighbours" began airing on 20 January 2003 and Pellizzeri's name was added to the credits on the 12 May. That same month saw Rhiannon Fish join the cast as Lisa Jeffries. Talent manager Melody Jones arrived in June and Charlie Cassidy followed in July. Oscar Scully, the fifth child of the established Lyn and Joe, was born in August. September saw three introductions; Izzy Hoyland, Detective Alec Skinner and Rocco Cammeniti. Two new members of the Bishop family arrived in October, Liljana and her daughter, Serena. Wendy Stapleton joined the cast as Nina Tucker's mother, Trixie, and Natalie Blair debuted as Carmella Cammeniti. December saw the introduction of Simon Mallory as Chris Cousens.
Lisa Jeffries.
Lisa Jeffries, played by Rhiannon Fish, made her first on-screen appearance on 13 May 2003. Lisa was Summer Hoyland's (Marisa Siketa) best friend. Lisa was Fish's first screen role and she joined the cast when she was eleven years old. Lisa was initially supposed to be Australian, but after Fish was cast, the writers made her Canadian. Fish said that she loved playing Lisa and that she "got to do lots of awesome things." She described her character as being "selfish and mean" and said that she enjoyed Lisa turning into a "total bitch." Fish said that people may feel sorry for Lisa and that some scenes showed that it was her mother that had made her into a horrible girl.
Summer Hoyland makes friends with Lisa at primary school, after they both join the girls' soccer team. They try and persuade Jack Scully (Jay Bunyan) to coach them full-time, but he just teaches them some tricks. Jack later decides to take on the role of assistant coach. Lisa joins Summer's family for a trip to the beach and she and Summer go off to look for treasure and the walk onto a nudist beach. Lisa and Summer later join a pony club. When Summer's father, Max (Stephen Lovatt), splits up with Stephanie Scully (Carla Bonner), Lisa begins picking on Summer. She tells her that Max is too old for Steph and the girls fight. Summer tries to apologise, but Lisa tells her that she is no longer invited to her birthday party. During an orientation day at Erinsborough High, Lisa is paired up with Summer's brother, Boyd (Kyal Marsh), who threatens to flush her head down the toilet if she continues to bully Summer. Lisa then reports him to Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne).
At their next soccer game, Lisa and Summer make up when Summer passes the ball to Lisa and she scores the winning goal. Lisa notices that Max is sad and she tells Summer that it was the same with her mother, when her father left her. Lisa and Summer then decide to get their parents together, so they can be sisters. However, Max and Lisa's mother, Andrea (Gail Beker), have nothing in common. When the girls start at Erinsborough High, they are laughed at for having their socks rolled up and they struggle with the large building. Lisa passes a note around her class about Susan's divorce and even after she is caught, she continues writing more nasty notes. Summer refuses to laugh at the jokes. Summer meets a new boyfriend, Caleb Wilson (Joss Kasper), who gives her expensive gifts. Lisa does not believe that Caleb exists, but she is shocked when he turns up at school to meet Summer for lunch. Lisa is then humiliated when she tries to flirt with Caleb and he rejects her. Lisa begins hanging around with her boyfriend and she encourages Summer to smoke. Summer refuses and Lisa calls her a loser, ending their friendship. Summer starts hanging around with Penny Weinberg (Sally Kingsford) and Lisa steals Penny's diary and reads it out to everyone.
Melody Jones.
Melody Jones, played by Robyn Arthur, made her first on-screen appearance on 13 June 2003.
Melody is a talent manager whose clients included Robbie D (Khi Robertson) and a boy-band called Roger. Melody approaches Nina Tucker (Delta Goodrem) and asks her to sign with her after seeing her perform at Lou's Place. Nina contacts Melody to arrange a meeting and Melody tells her that she does not need her parents to be involved if she wants to sign up. Melody convinces Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver) to give Nina a regular singing gig at the pub, so she can showcase her music. Nina agree to sign up, but she has to forge her mother's signature on the forms to keep her out of her work. Melody makes attempts to get Nina into the world of showbiz and she arranges for Nina to go to a movie premiere with Robbie D. Nina tries to pull out because she is dating Jack Scully (Jay Bunyan), but Melody tells her that it could be her big break and she goes. Robbie kisses Nina at the premiere and the moment is captured by a photographer. Melody points out that Nina's profile has been raised and she is taking bookings for interviews and gigs.
After a few months, Melody tells Nina that she has a place on an Asian tour for her with Robbie D. Nina agrees to go, but cannot take Jack with her. Weeks later, Nina is shocked to hear Robbie D singing one of her songs on the radio. She contacts Melody who explains to her that she signed a contract which handed over all of her recording rights. Nina owns up to her mother, Trixie (Wendy Stapleton). Lou points out that the contract is not valid as Nina forged a signature on it.
The following year, Stephanie Scully (Carla Bonner) is looking for a wedding dress and she finds Melody working in a bridal shop. Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) is surprised and makes a dig about Nina. Melody explains that she had given up managing people because she could not trust anyone. Steph leaves the shop after seeing the prices of the dresses. Melody reinvents herself again as a publisher. Janelle Timmins (Nell Feeney) writes a novel and it gets emailed around the town as part of a joke. Melody sees it and contacts Janelle about publishing the book. Melody meets up with Janelle and tells her that it would need to be longer before it can be published. Only the Timmins family knew that Bree (Sianoa Smit-McPhee) had actually written most of the book. A couple of years later, Melody is back working as a sales assistant in a dress shop. Bridget Parker (Eloise Mignon) and Rachel Kinski (Caitlin Stasey) come in looking for dresses for their school formal. Melody believes that they are going to try everything on without buying anything and the girls leave. Bridget tells her mother and aunt happened and they take Bridget and Rachel back to the shop. They make several purchases with the help of another assistant who gets the commission instead of Melody.
Charlie Cassidy.
Charlie Cassidy, played by Cliff Ellen, made his first on screen appearance on 23 July 2003. Charlie is the brother of Doreen and father to Michael and Lyn.
Ellen said that he enjoyed playing the role of Charlie. He described his character as being "very much in the mould of Cliff Ellen, but with the odd difference thrown in by the writers for good measure, depth?" On Charlie's controversial death storyline, Ellen said that he had no problem with it, but the process was emotional as his wife died during filming.
Charlie has a brief relationship with Valda Sheergold (Joan Sydney) and she falls pregnant. He then starts seeing another girl, Catherine, and Valda's brother-in-law, Henry O'Rourke (Bud Tingwell), blackmails Charlie into leaving Shelley Bay. Henry and his wife adopt Valda's baby, so she is not a single mother. Valda leaves for England and Charlie and Catherine marry and have a son, Michael (David Paterson). Catherine later dies and Charlie goes back to Shelley Bay and sets up a fishing business. Years later, Lyn Scully (Janet Andrewartha) learns that Valda and Charlie are her biological parents and she finds Charlie. They arrange to meet, but Charlie becomes ill and is admitted to hospital. Lyn visits him and she learns the truth about Henry adopting her, she finds it hard to forgive Charlie, but she softens when she learns that he is dying. Months later, Charlie comes to visit his grandson, Oscar Scully and he invites Henry down, so they and Lyn can talk.
The following year, Charlie returns to see his granddaughter, Stephanie (Carla Bonner), marry Max Hoyland (Stephen Lovatt). Charlie makes peace with Valda by giving her a pair of pearl earrings and telling her how much she had always meant to him. On the wedding day, Steph and Max elope and Charlie suddenly proposes to Valda. He tells her that he wants to make up for everything that happened between them and so they marry. During their honeymoon, Charlie and Valda meet up with his sister, Doreen (Anne Phelan). Valda is diagnosed with deep vein thrombosis and has to have bed rest. Charlie realises that he wants to spend his last Christmas with Lyn and Doreen agrees to come with him. Charlie tries to keep the truth about his condition from Lyn, but she sees him having a coughing fit. Charlie is taken to the hospital, but he tells his family that he wants to die at Lyn's home. Charlie's last wish is to go on his boat, Sheergold Scandal. Steph and Doreen take him to the boat, but Charlie becomes too ill before they can get on board. The Scullys bring the boat to Ramsay Street on a trailer and Charlie spends Boxing Day on it. Charlie writes a letter to Valda and while he is chatting to Steph, he tells her that he is ready and he dies.
Oscar Scully.
Oscar Scully, played by Ingo Dammer-Smith, is Lyn and Joe Scully's fifth and youngest child. He was born on-screen on 20 August 2003. Dammer-Smith joined the show when he was a couple of weeks old, he is the son of one of the technical crew.
Lyn (Janet Andrewartha) and Joe Scully (Shane Connor) decide to try for another baby and almost give up hope, when Lyn suddenly announces she is pregnant at Susan (Jackie Woodburne) and Karl Kennedy's (Alan Fletcher)'s wedding reception. Lyn does not have an easy pregnancy, as she is injured during a robbery at the Kennedy house and then learns that her aunt, Valda (Joan Sydney), is actually her mother. Joe and Lyn decide to go away for a few days when Lyn passes her due date and there is no sign of the baby. Lyn has terrible stomach pains and Joe rushes her home. Lyn is told that the baby is in a breach position and she would need a caesarean section to deliver it. Lyn does not like this and goes home to try exercises to turn the baby, which is successful. Lyn goes into labour and Oscar is delivered by Dr. Veronica Olenski (Caroline Lloyd). Both Lyn and Joe are surprised that Oscar is a boy, as Karl had told them he was a girl.
Joe is happy to have another son, but Lyn finds it difficult to bond with Oscar. Lyn does not comfort Oscar when he cries and she tells him that she does not know why she does not love him properly. Oscar was baptised and Susan, Valda, Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) and Gino Esposito (Shane McNamara) are his godparents. Harold and Gino compete to be the better godfather. Lyn leaves Oscar in the car while she goes shopping and she is arrested for shoplifting. Karl diagnoses her with post-natal depression. Joe makes Oscar a promise that he will love him enough for both of them until Lyn gets better. Lyn begins to bond well with Oscar and is happy when she realises that he likes "The Bold and the Beautiful". Joe tries to wean Oscar off the soap, but he does not succeed. Joe leaves the family to look after his father and brother in Bendigo and his marriage to Lyn breaks down. Oscar gets to visit Joe and he has his older siblings, Jack (Jay Bunyan) and Steph (Carla Bonner) around. When Steph becomes pregnant and suffers from breast cancer, she takes Oscar and disappears. She later admits that she was just keeping him safe. Elle Robinson (Pippa Black) babysits Oscar, but he wanders off by Lassiter's lake and loses his in the water. Ned Parker (Daniel O'Connor) rescues Oscar and becomes his nanny. Following her failed marriage to Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis), Lyn decides to take Oscar to live in Shelley Bay. She returns to Ramsay Street a few years later without him and she reveals that Oscar is with his father in Bendigo. She goes to visit him, but he does not want to return home with her.
Izzy Hoyland.
Isabelle "Izzy" Hoyland, played by Natalie Bassingthwaighte, made her first on-screen appearance on 1 September 2003. Izzy is the daughter of Rosie Hoyland (Maggie Millar) and sister to Max Hoyland (Stephen Lovatt). Holy Soap described Izzy as "conniving", while the "Herald Sun" said she is "Ramsay St's resident bad girl" and a "trouble-making schemer." Bassingthwaighte said that it is fun playing Izzy and that being bad is "exciting."
Alec Skinner.
Alec Skinner, played by Kevin Summers, is a Police Detective. He made his first on-screen appearance on 9 September 2003.
Lyn Scully (Janet Andrewartha) leaves her son, Oscar, in the car at a supermarket and a passer-by calls the police. Alec brings Oscar to Lyn and her husband, Joe (Shane Connor), and he explains that the car was in a different car park and that Lyn committed a serious offence. However, Alec says that no further action will be taken. Lyn later takes something from a shop without paying. Alec takes her to the station and she tells him that she did not realise that she had the item. When Oscar starts crying, Alec tells Lyn that he may need feeding or changing, but she snaps at him and he becomes concerned. Lyn tells him that she does not love Oscar and Alec calls Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) as he believes Lyn is suffering from postnatal depression. He explains that his wife went through the same thing. Alec investigates Charlie Cassidy's (Cliff Ellen) death when a high level of painkillers are found in his system and some pillow fibres are also found. He asks Stephanie Scully (Carla Bonner) why she moved Charlie's pillow after he died and after questioning the rest of the family, he tells her to get a lawyer.
Alec later questions her at the police station. Alec also investigates the murder of Gus Cleary (Ben Barrack). He questions Karl and he and his colleague Joanna Douglas (Matilda White) question Boyd Hoyland (Kyal Marsh) and Sky Mangel (Stephanie McIntosh). Alec tells Boyd that he was seen threatening Gus and when Boyd lies that he and Sky were watching a movie the night Gus was killed, Alec proves that he was not. Alec next investigates David Bishop (Kevin Harrington) for fraud. He and his officers take David's computer for evidence, when they discover that there are irregularities with the Helen Daniels Trust. When Alec's wife, Trish, becomes seriously ill, Alec tries to make sure she receives the best care. Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) offers Alec money in exchange for information about the identity of a Lassiter's share holder. Alec accepts, but when Paul tries to bribe him into setting up Janelle Timmins (Nell Feeney), Alec breaks off the deal. Alec goes to see Boyd after he is involved in an accident with Charlotte Stone (Rachel Gordon). Charlotte tells Alec that Boyd kidnapped her and made theats. She also tells him that Boyd was involved in Terrence Chesterton's (Scott Johnson) murder. Boyd, however, tells Alec that Charlotte murdered Terence and that he has a confession on an MP3 player. Alec and his team do not find the MP3 player and he charges Boyd with kidnapping and fraud. Steph finds the MP3 player and Alec arrests Charlotte for murder.
A year later, Alec investigates the murder of Chris Knight (Luke Mitchell). He talks to Bridget Parker (Eloise Mignon) about what happened when she was alone with him and she tells him that she pushed Chris over. Bridget's father, Steve (Steve Bastoni), then confesses to hitting Chris. Alec questions Steve and charges him with murder. When Matt Freedman (Benjamin Mitchell) tries to cover up a hit and run caused by his daughter, Alec arrests him after she confesses and he look at witness statements. The following year, Alec becomes involved with Jill Ramsay's (Perri Cummings) death and the subsequent investigation into Paul Robinson, when he goes on the run. Animal activist Mia Zannis (Alicia Bonnadio) strikes a deal with Alec, whereby she will give him the ring leader of her animal activist group and he will drop any charges against her. Mia tells Alec that Zeke Kinski (Matthew Werkmeister) is the ringleader and he gives her a week to prove it. Mia plants computer files containing plans of a house owned by an animal testing facility's CEO on to Zeke's laptop and she takes him to the house. Alec catches Zeke about to climb through a window and arrests him and Mia. Alec does not find any evidence on Zeke, as he knew about it in advance. He then tells Alec that Mia is the ringleader and he is willing to testify against her.
Rocco Cammeniti.
Rocco Cammeniti, played by Robert Forza, made his first on-screen appearance on 19 September 2003. Rocco is a Businessman and the father of Rosetta and Carmella Cammeniti. "TV Week" called Rocco a "scary underworld figure."
In March 2004, it was revealed that Rocco is having an affair with Sindi Watts (Marisa Warrington). Sindi calls him "Tiny" and does not tell her friends his real name. She later decides to end the relationship and she meets up with Rocco, but he tells her that he does not want her let her go. When Sindi tries again, Rocco tells her that he has left his wife and gives her an engagement ring. At first, Sindi cannot bring herself to tell him that she is in love with someone else, but she manages to end their affair. Rocco is hurt and he decides to have her followed to see why she left him. He is "enraged" when he sees photos of Sindi with Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney). Warrington said "It's an understatement to say that Rocco is not happy about Sindi and Toadie. He goes a bit crazy. He thinks Sindi is his whether Sindi wants to be or not!"
Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver) buys a coffee machine for his pub and he sends Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney) and Connor O'Neill (Patrick Harvey) to collect it. Toadie and Connor meet Rocco and they become convinced that they had found the Erinsborough Mafia. When the machine does not work properly, Rocco gives Lou a lesson in using it. Months later, Rocco asks Lou to employ his daughter, Carmella (Natalie Blair). Rocco notices Connor looking at his daughter and he threatens him. However, he begins to suspect that Carmella is dating Connor and makes plans to stop it immediately. Rocco runs into Connor and lies to him that he is going to leave for Sicily. The next day, he finds Carmella and Connor together in his sauna and sends Carmella away. Lou calls Rocco when he is having some financial problems and Rocco agrees to lend him some money. Rocco makes it clear that the loan is only short term and that he wants the repayments soon. Rocco begins finds a new mistress in Sindi Watts (Marisa Warrington) and he enjoys spoiling and looking after her. He realises that he has strong feelings for her when she tries to call the relationship off. He refuses to give up on her and proposes. Sindi has no choice, but to accept. However, Sindi later admits that she is not in love with Rocco and cannot go through with marrying him.
Rocco gets Lou's car as part payment for his loan and he sends a henchmen to find why Sindi broke up with him. Rocco is furious to see photos of Sindi kissing Toadie and he asks Toadie to join him viewing a potential home. Toadie disappears and Sindi and Stuart Parker (Blair McDonough) know that Rocco has played a part in it. Stuart tries to prove that Rocco is guilty, but cannot find any evidence. Rocco spends his time visiting Toadie, who is actually in a coma in a country hospital. It is revealed that while Rocco's henchman was transporting Toadie to Adelaide to give him a fright, they were involved in an accident, which left Toadie badly injured. Rocco becomes upset and he is comforted by Libby Kennedy (Kym Valentine), who is on her way home to Erinsborough. Libby later tells Sindi and Stuart where she met Rocco. They drive to the hospital and find Rocco leaning over Toadie. Rocco tries to run, but Stuart catches him and he is arrested for his crimes. Three years later, Carmella and her sister, Rosetta (Natalie Saleeba) receive a letter from their father, who claims to be dying. They go to visit him in prison and discover that Rocco was lying. He tells them that he is having trouble with his brother, Raimondo (Jeff Kovski), who is trying to destroy one of the family businesses. He asks the girls to dig up some money, which is buried in a local park, and save the business. Carmella gets the money and rescues the business. Rocco asks Rosetta and her fiancé Frazer Yeats (Ben Lawson) to visit him and after he gives them his blessing, he asks to attend the wedding. A few weeks later, Rocco arrives at the church with a police escort to watch Rosetta marry.
Liljana Bishop.
Liljana Bishop, played by Marcella Russo, made her first on-screen appearance on 9 October 2003. Liljana is the wife of David Bishop (Kevin Harrington) and mother to Serena (Lara Sacher) and Luka Dokich(Keelan O'Hehir). Liljana is the first Serbian to reside in Ramsay Street.
Serena Bishop.
Serena Bishop, played by Lara Sacher, made her first on-screen appearance on 9 October 2003 with her family. Serena is the daughter of David (Kevin Harrington) and Liljana Bishop (Marcella Russo). Sacher was sixteen when she was cast in the role of Serena. The part was her first professional acting job.
Trixie Tucker.
Trixie Tucker, played by singer Wendy Stapleton, is the mother of Nina Tucker. She made her first on-screen appearance on 20 October 2003. Trixie begins a relationship with Lou Carpenter and they later marry.
Trixie arrives in Erinsborough after being dumped by her double act partner and Nina's (Delta Goodrem) father, Nick. Stapleton told "Inside Soap", "It's a blow to Trixie's ego and it leaves her vulnerable. Her act is in ruins. She puts on a front, but underneath it all she is completely shattered." Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver) offers Trixie a solo gig at his pub as he likes her, but she cannot perform in public without Nick, so Nina helps out. Stapleton said that Trixie manages to gain back some confidence and they win the audience over. Stapleton also explained that Nina's relationship with her mother is complicated and there are issues between them. Stapleton and Goodrem did not get much of a chance to explore their character's relationship, as Goodrem was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma three weeks into the storyline. The storyline was kept, but the scripts were changed so Nina was not involved. Stapleton said "You'll see scenes where we pretend she is upstairs until we got the chance to sort it out properly."
Trixie is a singer and performer who spent most of her life touring the world with her partner, Nick. Trixie gives birth to their daughter, Nina, and she travels with her parents to venues across the world. When Nina's schooling begins to suffer the family spend more time in Erinsborough. Trixie spends long periods away from home, but after some bad reviews she realises that her career was coming to an end. When she discovers that Nick has been having an affair with a chorus singer, their personal and professional relationships end. Trixie tries to keep her problems from Nina, but when she attends one of her mother's shows, she sees that Trixie has no confidence. Lou Carpenter sees Trixie, and as he was a fan and had a crush on her, he offers her a regular gig performing in his pub. She accepts, but her first performance is almost a disaster, when she forgets notes and lyrics. Nina joins her mother on stage and rescues the show. Lou and Trixie begin spending more time together and when Trixie tells him that she cannot live with Nick anymore, Lou offers to rent Number 22 to her and Nina. Trixie cooks Lou a meal to say thanks and they kiss.
When Trixie finds out that Nina has signed a contract with Melody Jones (Robyn Arthur) and forged her signature, she is furious. Lou eventually helps Nina get out of the contract. Trixie makes it clear that she and Nick are over and she kisses Lou again. Trixie tells him that she and Nick were not legally married and they can go public with their relationship. Lou encourages Trixie to tell Nina that she is an illegitimate child and when she does, Nina refuses to speak to her mother for a while. Trixie then proposes to Lou, who accepts. Trixie gets an offer of the lead in a touring production of "Hello Dolly" and she asks Lou to invest money in it. Lou and Trixie have a showbiz wedding at Her Majesty's Theatre. Valda Sheergold (Joan Sydney) objects to the wedding and calls Trixie a gold-digger, but she and Lou marry. At the reception, Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) has a stroke and Trixie makes it clear that Harold had ruined her day. Lou cancels their honeymoon to look after Harold and Trixie decides to throw herself into being a housewife. Lou remortgages all of his properties and businesses to raise money to fund the Hello Dolly tour. Trixie is excited and she and Lou hold a press conference to announced the tour and their departure for three months. In Hong Kong, Trixie is shocked when the opening night of the musical is cancelled due to low ticket sales. As Lou is stuck in their hotel due to flu, Trixie lies to him that she performed that night. The next day, she discovers that the entire run of the show had been cancelled. Lou finds out that Trixie lied to him and he decides to go home, as they have no money. Trixie gets a gig in a themed club, but Lou tells her to go back to Erinsborough. Trixie feels that she has failed Lou and she slips away during the night. Months later, she joins Nick and Nina in India.
The BBC said Trixie's most notable moment was "Walking out on Lou when her show "Hello Dolly" was a flop."
Carmella Cammeniti.
Carmella Cammeniti, played by Natalie Blair, made her first on-screen appearance on 26 November 2003. The character of Carmella was created by the writers, following Delta Goodrem's sudden departure due to illness. Three months worth of scripts were rewritten and Carmella was introduced to fill the void left by Goodrem's character, Nina Tucker. Carmella is the youngest daughter of Rocco and Lucia Cammeniti.
Chris Cousens.
Chris Cousens, played by Simon Mallory, made his first on-screen appearance on 2 December 2003. Chris is a "sleazy" photographer who uses his profession to take advantage of vulnerable girls, like Serena Bishop. Chris returned in 2005 and spiked the drink of Janae Timmins.
"TV Week" said that Chris "wreaked havoc on Serena's (Lara Sacher) life" when he first appeared. they described him as an "Erinsborough bad guy." Chris returns in 2005 and meets Janae Timmins (Eliza Taylor-Cotter) at a nightclub. Her boyfriend has left her alone and she gets talking to Chris, who tells her that she should be a model. He buys Janae a drink and when she collapses, she realises that it was spiked.
Serena Bishop sneaks out to a nightclub to see Taj Coppin (Jaime Robbie Reyne) and she is approached by Chris, who asks her to model for him. When Serena discovers that her parents are having financial problems, she decides to take up Chris' offer to earn them some money. She and Sky Mangel (Stephanie McIntosh) go to Chris's studio and he gives her a lot of attention. Sky thinks that Chris is looking for more than just a model, but Serena enjoys his attention. She goes back to the studio alone and Chris touches her to change her position and offers her a dress for her school formal. Chris gains her trust and he asks Serena if she would join him at a hotel. Serena agrees, but at the hotel she begins to feel uncomfortable. Chris offers her drinks, but she decides to leave. Chris chases her, but Serena gets into a taxi. He sends her flowers to apologise. Serena models for Chris again in a swimsuit. Serena's parents, Liljana (Marcella Russo) and David (Kevin Harrington), find the photos and refuse to let Serena see Chris. When he comes into the Coffee Shop, Liljana slaps him. Serena claims that she loves Chris and continues seeing him in secret. On her birthday, Serena goes to see him and he begins to get heavy with her and she becomes uncomfortable. When he leaves the room, Serena notices a webcam and leaves. She tells her parents and they call the police. David breaks in to Chris' studio and takes his hard drive. Serena later meets Lana Crawford (Bridget Neval) who tells her that she too met Chris and had been taken in by him.
The following year, Janae Timmins goes to a nightclub with her boyfriend. When he tries to get her to kiss someone else, she storms off and walks into Chris. He asks is she is a model and Janae laughs, but he mentions that he is a photographer and she agrees to have a drink with him. He gets the drinks and spikes Janae's. She starts losing control of her body and Chris offers to take her home and goes to get their coats. Janae calls home and her siblings, Stingray (Ben Nicholas), Dylan (Damien Bodie) and Bree (Sianoa Smit-McPhee), arrive at the club. As Chris tries to get Janae out of the club, Dylan sees him and refuses to believe that he is just giving her a hand. Bree knees Chris in the groin and Dylan takes him outside to beat him up. Janae later reports him to the police.

</doc>
<doc id="31036254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036254" title="Phil Kelly">
Phil Kelly

Phil or Philip Kelly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31036263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036263" title="Gare de Barsac">
Gare de Barsac

Barsac is a railway station in Barsac, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Barsac:

</doc>
<doc id="31036264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036264" title="Mike Martinez">
Mike Martinez

Michael W. "Mike" Martinez (August 1, 1969) is the current Place 2 Austin City Council member in Austin, Texas. He currently serves as the board chair of the Capital Metropolitan Transit Authority. Martinez was first elected to the Austin City Council in 2006, and he was re-elected in 2009 and 2012. Before taking office in 2006, Martinez worked for the Austin Fire Department for 13 years, a majority of which he was the head of the firefighter's union.
Martinez serves as chair of the Minority-Owned and Women-Owned Business Enterprise and Small Business Council Subcommittee. He is a member of the Judicial Committee, Public Health and Human Services Subcommittee, and he sits on the Capital Metro Board of Directors.
Mike Martinez has served on the Capital Metro Transportation Authority's board of directors since 2007. Mr. Martinez has also served as chairman of the Capital Metro since February 2010.
April 7, 2013 as he addressed the Bloomberg sponsored 'Texas Rally for Gun Sense' Martinez stated his intention to ban guns. Martinez singled out a man holding a "Stop the Gun Ban" sign and said "to the gentleman who is dying for attention, someone needs to inform him that there is no gun ban currently, but because of the work we’re doing here today, we will make your sign legitimate shortly, so you hang on to that." 
Capital Metro.
Mike Martinez has served on the Capital Metro Transportation Authority's board of directors since 2007. Mr. Martinez has also served as chairman of the Capital Metro since February 2010.
Education.
Mike Martinez is currently attending the University of Texas School of Social Work. He is a graduate of Leadership Austin, and the LBJ School of Public Affairs West Point Military Leadership Program, though he is not a military veteran.
Accomplishments.
In 2004, Mike Martinez led a successful campaign to win collective bargaining rights for firefighters in Austin, Texas.
In 2009, Mike Martinez was the lead sponsor on a city ordinance that banned the "writing, sending or viewing electronic messages on a cell phone, BlackBerry, iPhone or any other wireless communication device while driving."
Awards.
Mike Martinez was named "Best Council Member" by the Austin Chronicle in 2009 and 2010.
Controversy.
Council Emails.
On February 25, 2011 it was reported that Councilman Martinez had referred to City Manager Marc Ott and an Assistant City Manager, both of whom are African-Americans, as "jokes" in an email exchange with Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell. Martinez apologized for his e-mail comment, adding "I regret any instance where my criticisms may have been too personal." One day later, the Austin chapter of The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People filed an open records request and an ethics complaint against Martinez and Mayor Leffingwell. The City of Austin Ethics Review Commission dismissed the NAACP complaints against Martinez and Leffingwell on April 12, 2011.
In his initial response to an early 2011 public information request for email exchanges between Austin City Council members, Mike Martinez released fewer than a dozen emails.Later, Martinez acknowledged that his office did not collect and release all of the emails responsive to the request. "This is a complete oversight on my part," Martinez said. "There was never an intent to withhold any responsive e-mails, and I accept full responsibility for the oversight.".
Open Meetings.
On March 7, 2011 it was announced that the Travis County Attorney would be seeking emails and documents from Capital Metro to determine to whether or not Martinez and other members of the board were meeting in small groups to avoid a quorum.
It was reported in the "Austin American-Statesman" on April 5, 2011, that Councilman Martinez, along with all but one other councilmember, had decided to forego the $75 monthly taxpayer stipend for cell phone use. "This is my personal phone, and I want to keep it as such. If there are rules I need to comply with, I need to know what the rules are, and they are very unclear." said Martinez in regards to the on-going open meetings and records investigation by the county attorney.
Close to 5 p.m. on Friday, April 8, 2011 Martinez, released more personal emails. As the "Austin American-Statesman" reported, "Martinez used an obscene, derogatory term to describe opponents of a memorial marker planned for East Live Oak Street to honor slain police officer Ralph Ablanedo. The marker was erected in February. He said Friday night that the language he used in describing the memorial opponents was inappropriate but that he also wrote the email without contemplating whether it would be released."
Election code violation.
While voting on May 3, 2011, Martinez snapped a photo of his completed ballot and posted it to Facebook, an apparent violation of state election law as cameras and recording devices are not allowed within 100 feet of a polling location. Martinez responded by deleting the photo from his account.
2012 Election.
Martinez was reelected in his closest race on Saturday May 12, 2012 over his opponent, Laura Pressley. Pressley, a libertarian, had called for a person with business experience on the council. .

</doc>
<doc id="31036282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036282" title="Virtual fiber">
Virtual fiber

Virtual Fiber is a term that describes wireless data transmission comparable in data throughput to optic fiber. The term was coined in El Salvador, Central America to describe a communications network service provided by Five Nines Communications, S.A. de C.V. Wireless data transmission is used for mobile telephony, mobile internet service, monitoring, and security applications to name a few.
Present applications for Virtual Fiber (or "Fibra Virtual" as it is known in Spanish) are being developed with Salvadoran governmental agencies in order to service educational centers that currently have no access to hard-wired Internet or telephone service. Virtual Fiber installations avoid the need to install expensive fiber or cabled networks in order to access areas not currently covered by existing networks and are a more efficient option to traditional wireless or hard-wired installations. Another advantage of Virtual Fiber is the fact that it can carry a vast array of signalling protocols within the electromagnetic spectrum and it is not limited by legacy issues.

</doc>
<doc id="31036292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036292" title="Gare de Preignac">
Gare de Preignac

Preignac is a railway station in Preignac, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Preignac:

</doc>
<doc id="31036293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036293" title="Nikola II">
Nikola II

Nikola II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31036299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036299" title="Dutch general election, 2010/ Candidate List/ GreenLeft">
Dutch general election, 2010/ Candidate List/ GreenLeft

Below is the party list for the GreenLeft for the Dutch general election, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31036301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036301" title="Greg Schaffer">
Greg Schaffer

Greg Schaffer is an American television producer and writer. 
His producing and writing credits include "Mad About You", "The Tracy Morgan Show", "Rodney", "That '70s Show", "Notes from the Underbelly", "True Jackson, VP", "Oh, Grow Up", "Tucker" and produced and wrote for "That '80s Show". Much of his work prior to the second season of "True Jackson, VP" was with fellow writer and producer Steve Joe; they parted ways in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="31036368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036368" title="Gare de Langon">
Gare de Langon

Langon is a railway station in Langon, Aquitaine, France. The station opened on 31 May 1854 and is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. The station was also located on the line from Gabarret, which closed in 1923.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Langon:

</doc>
<doc id="31036376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036376" title="Abdulnasser Mugali">
Abdulnasser Mugali

Abdulnasser Mugali is a Yemeni poet and writer, living since 1992 in the United States. He has published several collections of poetry and three volumes of fiction starting with "Dhat masa.. dhat raqisa" (One Night.. a Dancer) in 1991. His novel "Rigial al-Thalg" (Snow Men) dealt with the lives of Yemeni immigrants in America. He has recently turned to writing science fiction.
Mugali's work has been translated into Italian and was included in a 2009 anthology of Yemeni literature titled "Perle dello Yemen." He is the chief editor of The Nation Arab American News Network website.

</doc>
<doc id="31036393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036393" title="Green Cinema">
Green Cinema

The Green Cinema was a film theatre that operated for over half a century in Dublin, Ireland until its closure in 1987. 
Originally known as the Stephen's Green Cinema, it was located on the west side of St Stephen's Green. It opened on Wednesday, 18 December 1935 in an official ceremony performed by the Lord Mayor of Dublin, Alfred Byrne. The Green was designed by architects Jones and Kelly and had a seating capacity of 1,500. Some seats were equipped with a Fortephone apparatus which enabled patrons suffering from deafness to hear the soundtrack. The first film to be screened at the Green was "Paris Love Song", starring Mary Ellis and Tullio Carminati. 
In October 1987, the Green Cinema was purchased by the Dublin hotelier, PV Doyle, for £1.5m. The cinema was demolished shortly afterwards and the site remained derelict until 2002 when work began on the construction of a new office block. In 2005, the new building was leased by Bank of Scotland (Ireland) as their Irish headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="31036396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036396" title="Jang Yoon-ju">
Jang Yoon-ju

Jang Yoon-ju (, born November 7, 1980) is a South Korean model and broadcaster. She is known for moderating both Korea's Next Top Model and MBC's Infinite Challenge's Calendar-making project.
In May 2011 Jang along with fashion models, Kim Jae-wook, Ji Hyun-jung, Han Hye-jin and Song Kyung-ah, co-authred a book titled "Top Model". It is based on their experiences in the industry and includes beauty, makeup and styling tips. She is also a regular DJ on KBS 2FM. 

</doc>
<doc id="31036461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036461" title="Thanks! Plain and Simple">
Thanks! Plain and Simple

Thanks! Plain and Simple, Inc. (“Thanks!”), a nonprofit organization established in 2005, creates projects in West Virginia that can be modeled or participated in by many Americans.
Each project that “Thanks!” creates has these criteria: to strengthen a community; to have a high probability of success; to have potential to be modeled or improved by people in many places; to clearly express people’s potential; and to have long-term, positive impacts for people. Model projects help people take action and then reflect on the meaning of what they have done by using experiential learning (see also: action learning, cooperative learning, and service learning). Creating projects that people can participate in while improving society is a major goal of “Thanks!”
The organization encourages those with military training to realize they can continue to serve America and expand their skills and build ties within their own community and between diverse American communities. “Thanks!” creates model projects with model people.
The West Virginia Rosie the Riveter Project: A Model for America.
The West Virginia Rosie the Riveter Project meets these criteria. “Thanks” has developed ways to involve women who worked throughout America during World War II on “men’s jobs” (most notably riveting airplanes and welding ships, but including a broad range of defense industry employment). This work was critical to shortening and winning World War II.
“Thanks!” conducts interviews of these “Rosie the Riveters,” now at least 85 years old, to archive in libraries. Yet, it does more - the project provides opportunities for “Rosies,” themselves, to participate in the decision making of teaching their own legacy. The methods and tangible tools “Thanks!” has created help American communities find and learn from their “Rosies" while adding a distinctive touch to the community's "Rosie" project. For example, a "Rosie" wall can be put in each community with photos of the work of individual and all Rosies. 
TAPP People's Power.
“TAPP People’s Power” is used by “Thanks!” to mean “Tangible, Achievable, Positive Projects to increase People’s Power.” The organization strives to assure that participants: are willing to take part in the experience, reflect on the meaning of the experience, and are involved in decision-making and problem-solving. A basic assumption is that people often want to take part in positive projects. Evaluations are important throughout, and a body of know-how and show-how is expected to be invaluable to society long term.
Future Projects.
Future projects after the West Virginia Rosie the Riveter Project will still meet our mission of meeting a national need while being tested in West Virginia. Each should: 1) meet local and national needs, 2) model good work ethic, 3) be open to continuous improvement and adaptation, 4) be able to raise needed financial and in-kind support, 4) focus on people’s strengths, while recognizing that limitations may exist (for instance, “Rosies” and veterans often have health issues that slow advance; yet, progress is clear).
Anne Montague.
Anne Montague, Founder and Executive Director, is a native West Virginian whose career started in behavioral-change research, then progressed to project management and technology commercialization. Her personal and professional goals center on finding ways for people to contribute, even part time, through work they value. She combines solid experiences in human development (M.A. Harvard Univ.), behavioral methods (learning theory), new-venture planning and marketing, promoting the arts, and management. These multiple skills help her develop strategies for “Thanks!” and for its projects.
References.
I. Media Coverage of Thanks! Plain and Simple’s Rosie the Riveter Project
A. Documentary Film 
• We Pull Together: Rosie the Riveters, Then and Now:
Includes 31 Rosies who worked across the US during WWII in defense, often doing exacting, hard labor to build airplanes, ships and do other jobs that had been considered “man’s work.” Executive Producer, Anne Montague. Producer B.J. Gudmundsson. Supported in part, by the West Virginia Humanities Council. Released June, 2011.
B. Speeches Given to Rosies and the Public by Allied Nations and Others
• Curnutte, Buddie. What it means to me to be a Rosie the Riveter. Pullman Hotel Conference where Blenko Glass art depicting Rosies at work was unveiled and state building was named, “The Rosie the Riveter Building.” May, 22, 2012
• Johns, Ceryl, Col. The Meaning of Rosie the Riveters’ to the Free World. Keynote Speech, Pullman Hotel Conference. May 22, 2013, Huntington, WV
• Barker, F. Raamie, Senior Advisor to Governor Earl Ray Tomblin. A Model for America: The Justice in Patience, the Beauty in Rosies. Keynote speech, Rosie the Riveter Park opening, St. Albans, WV. May 26, 2012
• Moore-Capito, Shelley, U.S. Congresswoman. Rosie the Riveters: West Virginia’s Commitment to Women and Freedom. Read by Elizabeth Eckerton, Senior Staff, Rosie the Riveter Park opening. May 26, 2012
• Johns, Ceryl Lt. Col USAF. The Wing Tells and Keeps Secrets. Charleston, WV. April 23, 2011
• Janes, Annabelle, C. Major, British Army. The Impact of American Rosies for Britain during World War II. Keynote speech. West Virginia State Univ., Institute, WV. November 20, 2010
• Johns, Ceryl Lt. Col. USAF Civil Air Patrol. Every World War II Plane Flying was made by Rosies. November 20, 2010
• Dierecx, Martine, Lt. Col., Belgian Army. Belgium Thanks You, American Rosies. Keynote speech, Shepherd University, Shepherdstown, WV. November 6, 2009
C. Coverage about the Work of “Thanks!”
• New York Times. Belgium says thanks to Rosie the Riveter, by Ashley Southall, Wed., November 11, 2009, http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/11/us/11rosie.html?_r=0
• Le Journal. Thank America Rosie the Riveters, by Zachary Brewser, Ph.D. and Anne Montague, WVSU International News Affairs, Spring 2011. 
• Belgium Today, Belgium says, “Thank you!” to American “Rosies”, December, 2009
• Belgian Laces, “Thank you!” American Rosie the Riveters, Volume 31, #122, 2009
• The Today Show (NBC). Video Taped 50 Rosies in a WWII manufacturing plant in So. Charleston, WV. (Commendation letter on file from Producer, Robin Shindler) March 28-29, 2012
• USA Rise Up The Appalachian Tapestry. Appalachian Threads: A glimpse at an Appalachian Rosie the Riveter’s Daughter at age 70, by Marlene Caroselli, Spring 2011.
• Michael Feldman Show, Public Radio International, Reported that Retired British Royal Navy Commander, Ceryl Johns, and his mother, Elsie Johns, British defense worker visited the Model Rosie the Riveter Community, January 21, 2011, and again when Johns brought the wing of a corsair airplane built and signed by Rosies in 1943-1944, for Rosies to see and describe their work to the public.
• Christian Science Monitor, Veterans learn to Create Novel Projects, October 14, 2007
• Reminisce. Rural women traded rakes and spatulas for drills and rivet guns. By Neva Rees, Spring, 2005. 
• Herald-Dispatch (WV). Editorial: Rosies Impact Shines as Example Yet Today, May 24, 2013
• HNN (WV). Six Million Men and Six Million Women Came Together for WWII Victory, by Tony Rutherford. May 23, 2013
• HNN (WV). IMAGES: Celebrating Rosies That Changed America in World War II, by Tony Rutherford. May 23, 2013
• Herald-Dispatch (WV). Building dedication kicks off Rosie events, May 22, 2013
• Herald-Dispatch.(WV). GALLERY: WWII Rosie the Riveters gather at Pullman Plaza Hotel, by Mark Webb, May 22, 2013
• WOWK. (WV). Blenko Art honors Rosie the Riveters in Huntington, by Ben Moore, May 22, 2013
• HNN. (WV). Rosies helped Win World War II, by Tony Rutherford, May 22, 2013
• WV Gazette. (WV). Huntington Event honors State’s Rosies, by Lydia Nuzum, May 21, 2013
• Herald-Dispatch. (WV). Rosie project to benefit bluebirds, by Jean Tarbett, April 23, 2013
• Herald-Dispatch. (WV). Building to be named for Rosies, by Jean Tarbett Hardiman, April 6, 2013
• Frederick News Post (MD). Veterans parade honors real-life ‘Rosie Riveters’, by Blair Ames, November 5, 2012
• Weirton Daily Times. Weirton Museum looking for Rosies, by Craig Howell, July 22, 2012
• Frederick News Post (MD). Documentary to celebrate WWII’s Rosie the Riveters, by Kevin Gardner. May 29, 2011
• Sunday Gazette Mail. Signed wing of World War II Fighter Traced to West Virginia Rosies, by Veronica Nett. April 24, 2011
• Tennessean. Rosies want place in his-story (feature of Edie Lyons and Mazie Mullins), by Nicole Young. Nashville, June 26, 2010
• Charleston Gazette. Founder of Rosie Project has own riveting story, by Sandy Wells. May 24, 2010
• Akron Beacon Journal. A riveting tale of pride, Four women leave marks on aviation legacy, by Mark J. Price, April 22, 2010 (“Thanks” later found story of deceased Rosies who signed)
• Charleston Gazette. Video project saves Rosies’ histories, by Tijah Bumgarner, April 22, 2010
• The Shepherdstown Chronicle. Home front heroes recognized, by Brittany Melkus, April 2010
• Hagerstown Herald Mail. Thanks for the Rosies, by Erin Julius, November 8, 2009
• The Journal. Thanks! Plain and Simple: Belgium honors ‘Rosies’, by Naomi Smoot. Martinsburg, WV, November 8, 2009
D. Articles about Rosies that Thanks! Plain and Simple Generated 
• Associated Press. W. Va. Women share home front service during WWII, by L. Messina, April 8, 2012 
• Times West Virginian (Fairmont). More than an Icon, by Jonathan Williams, February 1, 2012 (Story of Westinghouse, a defense contractor that hired Rosies)
• Dominion Post (Morgantown). Veterans Day, Honoring, Remembering. (Helen Shope, Rosie in Baltimore), by Jim Bissett, November 11, 2011
• Fayette Tribune. Fayette Rosie joining Celebration (profile of Mazie Mullins, Riveter), by Ceryl Keenan. November 10, 2011
• The Journal. (Martinsburg). Local Journalist Supported War Effort as a Rosie the Riveter, (Story of Ethel Bovey, who wrote poetry on the workroom floor), by Jenni Vincent, October 3, 2011
• The Chronicle. (Shepherdstown). Dot May: One of the Remaining Rosies, by Kelly Cambrel, June 17, 2011
• West Virginia Dept of Education. Rosies Teach Teachers Their Work for America. Workshop for West Virginia social studies teachers, presented by four Rosies (Curnutte, Lyons, Maroney, Sipple) June 16, 2011, Charleston WV
• Thirty-Fourth Annual Appalachian Studies Conference. (Richmond, KY), Proud to be a Riveter and a Miner’s Daughter, Gloria Farmer, facilitated by Zachary Brewster, Ph. D. and Anne Montague in Impact of Appalachian Rosie the Riveters on America, past to the Future. March 12, 2011
• West Virginia Labor History Coalition. (Charleston, WV) “Rosies Speak, We Learn” Series of meeting in which individual Rosies told their stories in the context of labor history. Bill Ramsey, moderator. 2010-2011
• West Virginia State University. (Institute, WV). Faculty Lecture Series. Zachary Brewster, Ph.D. and Garnet Kozielec. My Training and Work as a Riveter Recalled 67 Years after World War II, October, 2010
• Charleston Gazette. Rosie’s stories enrich history, by Edie Lyons (a Rosie). July 21, 2010
• Gazette Mail. Thanks, Rosie: Airplane wing brings recognition to Elkview woman, by Whitney Burdette, June 6, 2010 (Story of deceased Rosie by Daughter)
• Goldenseal Magazine. A Wartime Romance, by Kate Long, Spring 2010
• Weirton Daily Times. City Woman was World War II Welder. (About Edwina Kinda and daughter, Roberta Dulaney.) by Ian Hicks, August 20, 2010
• Sunday Gazette Mail. Riveting, a Wartime Rosie Shares Her Tale, by Sandy Wells. (Article about Mazie Mullins, a Rosie) December 27, 2009
• Logan Banner. Logan County’s Own Rosie the Riveter, by Michael Browning. November 11, 2009
• Calhoun Chronicle. Women Tell Rosie the Riveter Stories (Ola Jarvis, Marilyn Beecher, Jean Miller, Dora Starcher, Jeanette Stump, Irene Dunn, etc.) 2009
• West Virginia Public Radio. Rosie the Riveters Stories, (Interview of Garnet Kozielec, A riveter in Michigan and California) by Beth Vorhees, August 9, 2009
• Braxton Citizens’ News. County Woman One of First to be featured in Rosie the Riveter Documentary. August 4, 2009
E. Unpublished manuscripts
• Montague, Anne. We Pulled Together, (Poems about Rosies, and quotes by Rosies) 2012
• Sipple, Nancy. Then, Now and Forever: What it means for Rosies to be heard.
• Montague, Anne. Mercy Howled on V.J. Day: Mother Returns from “The War Factory.” 2004
• Curnutte, Buddie and Sipple, Nancy. Rosies Did More Than Dance and Make Consumer Products. Critique of on-line article. 2011. 
F. Links to Selected Media Coverage:
http://www.americanrosies.org 
http://wvgazette.com/Opinion/OpEdCommentaries/201007200500, http://www.wsaz.com/news/headlines/95735004.html, http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/11/us/11rosie.html?_r=2, http://www.wvgazette.com/Life/Peoplelife/201006050391, http://www.loganbanner.com/pages/full_story/push?article-Logan+Co-%E2%80%99s+own+Rosie+the+Riveter%20&id=4433645-Logan+Co-%E2%80%99s+own+Rosie+the+Riveter
http://www.tennessean.com/article/20100626/NEWS01/6260326/-Rosie-the-Riveter-wants-place-in-his-tory
http://www.herald-dispatch.com/news/briefs/x2114947762/Building-to-be-named-for-Rosies
http://www.herald-dispatch.com/news/x1925883074/Rosie-project-to-benefit-bluebirds
http://www.wvgazette.com/News/201305210194, http://www.huntingtonnews.net/63130
http://www.wowktv.com/story/22401302/blenko-art-honors-rosie-the-riveters-in-huntington
http://www.herald-dispatch.com/multimedia/galleries/news/x859593494/Gallery-WWII-Rosie-the-Riveters-gather-at-Pullman-Plaza-Hotel
http://www.herald-dispatch.com/news/x1724820294/Building-dedication-kicks-off-Rosie-events
http://www.huntingtonnews.net/63248, http://www.huntingtonnews.net/63275
II. Selected Bibliography by Others 
• American Rosie the Riveter Association. Rosie the Riveter Stories: As told by Real Rosies served in the work force. 2001 (Also see cookbook, romance stories)
• Anderson, Karen. Wartime Women: Sex Roles, Family Relations, and the Status of Women During World War II. Berkley Books, New York: 2001 
• Baber, Bob Henry, Jason Gum, and Mark Romano, eds. Heroes Among Us. Glenville: Glenville State College, 2012 
• Bornstien, Anna 'Dolly' Gillan. Woman Welder/ Shipbuilder in World War II. Winnie the Welder History Project. Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe College. February 16, 2005 
• Bourke-White, Margaret. "Women in Steel: They are Handling Tough Jobs in Heavy Industry." Life. August 9, 1943 
• Bowman, Constance. Slacks and Calluses - Our Summer in a Bomber Factory. Smithsonian Institution. Washington D.C. 1999 
• Branum, Nell, ed. Rosie the Riveter Stories: The Legacy Lives On! : American Rosie the Riveter Association, 2012 
• Brokaw, Tom. The Greatest Generation. Delta Publishing, Division of Random House, Inc. 2001 
• Cabanis, Helen, Woman Riveter in World War II. Rosie the Riveter Collection, Rose State College, Eastern Oklahoma Country Regional History Center. the Riveter Collection, Rose State College March 16, 2003 
• Campbell, D'Ann Women at War with America: Private Lives in a Patriotic Era. Harvard University Press: Cambridge, MA, 1984 
• Carter, C. (1998). Journaling to promote reflection. Action in Teacher Education, 11(4), 39-42.
• Carter, Frances T., ed. 103 Rosie the Riveter Stories: As Told by Real Rosies Who Served in the Work Force or Who Helped through Volunteer Work during World War II. Springs, Ga.: American Rosie the Riveter Association, 2001 
• Colman, Penny. Rosie the Riveter: Women Working on the Home Front in World War II. New York: Crown, 1995 
• Creating Rosie the Riveter: Class, Gender, and Propaganda during World War II. University of Massachusetts Press, Amherst: 1984 
• Dabakis, Melissa. “Gendered Labor: Norman Rockwell’s Rosie the Riveter and the Discourses of Wartime Womanhood.” in Gender and American History Since 1890. ed. Barbara Melosh. Routledge, London and New York: 1993. p. 182-204 
• Gluck, Sherna Berger. Rosie the Riveter Revisited: Women, the War, and Social Change. Twayne Publishers, Boston, MA, 1987. Based on work at School of Social and Behavioral Sciences, Oral History Resource Center, California State University, Long Beach, CA. (In collection of Walter Reuther Library, Wayne State University and other locations) 
• Gregory, Chester. Women in Defense Work during World War II: An Analysis of the Labor Problem and Women’s Rights. Exposition Press, New York, 1974 
• Hartmann, Susan M. The Home Front and Beyond: American Women in the 1940s. Twayne Publishers, Boston, MA, 1982 
• Hresko, Mary and Shiner, Mary Vincher. Women Workers in World War II, May 21, 2012 (Manuscript not finished due to sipple’s death)
• Honey, Maureen. Bitter Fruit: African American Women in World War II. University of Missouri Press, Columbia, MO: 1999 
• Kiernan, Denise. The Girls of Atomic City: The Untold Story of the Women Who Helped Win World War II. New York, NY: Simon & Schuster, 2013 
• Lanktree, Donnaleen, President American Rosie the Riveter Association, Personal conversations. 2009-2012 
• Leatherman, Tom. Superintendent, Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park. Personal Conversations. 2009-2011 
• Panchyk, Richard. World War II for Kids: A History with 21 Activities. Chicago Review, 2002 
• Reid, Constance. Slacks and Calluses: Our Summer in a Bomber Factory. Washington: Smithsonian Institution, 1999 
• Regis, Margaret. When Our Mothers Went to War: An Illustrated History of Women in World War II. Seattle: NavPublishing, 2008. ISBN 978-1-87732-05-0.
• "Rosie the Riveter" (Song). Redd Evans and John Jacob Loeb. Paramount Music Corp., 1942 
• Rupp, Leila J. Mobilizing Women for War: German and American Propaganda, 1939-1945. Princeton University Press, Princeton, NJ: 1978 
• Ware, Susan. Modern American Women A Documentary History.McGraw-Hill:2002.18
• Williams, Hershell Woodrow (“Woody”). Why we can hear Rosies about horrific battles. Personal conversations with this Medal of Honor Recipient, Iwo Jima. 2006-2011.
• Wise, Nancy Baker and Christy Wise. A Mouthful of Rivets: Women at Work in World War II. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass Publishers, 1994 
• Yellin, Emily. Our Mother’s War: American Women at Home and on the Home Front during World War II . Free Press, New York: 2004 
III. National Organizations with which we are Affiliated 
• Rosie the Riveter National Historic Park, Richmond, CA; MOU is with US Park Service.
• American Rosie the Riveter Association, Birmingham; CA; MOU is with board of directors. 
• MAPS Aeronautical Museum, Canton, Ohio
• Women’s History Association 
• Oral History Association 
• American Archivists Association
• Library of Congress, Bob Patrick 
• Walter Reuther Labor History Library, Wayne State University 
Additional Media.
[http://www.allbusiness.com/government/government-bodies-offices-government/12712523-1.html] Charleston Gazette-Mail, August 22, 2009
[http://www.worldwar02.com/wp-content/uploads/UK-Rep-Thanks-WV-Rosies-for-Role-in-WWII-11-20-10.pdf] Charleston Gazette-Mail, November 21, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31036469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036469" title="Henry Jellett (son)">
Henry Jellett (son)

Educated at the University of Dublin, he was later Professor of Midwifery there. During World War I he was Commandant of the Munro Ambulance Corps in Northern Flanders and was Mentioned in Despatches, also winning the Chevalier de l’Ordre de la Couronne de Belgique and the Croix de Guerre, Française (with two stars). When peace returned he was consultant at the Rotunda Hospital, Dublin from 1910 to 1919. Later he was consultant obstetrician to the New Zealand Department of Health. He died on 8 June 1948
His father, also called Henry Jellett, was Dean of St Patrick’s Cathedral, Dublin from 1889 until his death in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="31036482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036482" title="Willy Simonsen">
Willy Simonsen

Willy Raymond Simonsen (1927 – 26 February 2011) was a Norwegian sports official.
He played football for Homansbyens BK during his youth, and after his active career he joined Årvoll IL. Simonsen spent his entire working career in the Football Association of Norway. He started as a delivery boy in 1946. He later held tasks such as judicial adviser and press contact. In the 1980s he was acting secretary-general twice; first after Trygve Bornø quit in 1985 and then after Svein Erik Haagenrud quit in 1988. He served as assisting secretary-general until his retirement in 1997.
In 1996 he was awarded the King's Medal of Merit. He died in February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31036484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036484" title="Vivaan Shah">
Vivaan Shah

Vivaan Shah is an Indian film actor, who made his film debut with "Saat Khoon Maaf" (2011) as Arun Kumar. Thereafter, he signed a three-film deal with director Vishal Bhardwaj, he also got the lead role in "Dreams", His role was initially to be portrayed by Saif Ali Khan. In 2014, He bagged in Farah Khan's film "Happy New Year".
Personal life.
Shah is the younger son of actors Naseeruddin Shah and Ratna Pathak Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="31036492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036492" title="Canadian Spinal Research Organization">
Canadian Spinal Research Organization

The Canadian Spinal Research Organization is a nationally registered charity whose mission is improve the physical quality of life for persons with spinal cord injuries (SCI) and related neurological deficits, as well as reduce the number of spinal cord injuries through awareness and prevention programs.
History.
In 1982, Ray Wickson was involved in an accident leaving him paralyzed. While recovering at the Lyndhurst Rehabilitation Centre, Ray Wickson began to inquire about the possibility of finding a cure for paralysis, learning from SCS, that since 1945 through the 1980s, there had been little research conducted on spinal cord injuries. In 1983, Wickson joined SCS in the US. He was asked to form a Canadian office, of which he did so shortly thereafter.
SCSC (Spinal Cord Society Canada), became a branch office for SCS U.S.A, founded by Dr. Charles Carson. Ray Wickson became the Canadian head of this international organization dedicated to "cure research", which focused on finding a cure for chronic spinal cord injuries. In those early days in the mid 1980s there were two main chapters in existence that were raising funds for research in Ontario. One such chapter in Mississauga Ontario, headed by Jocelyn Lovell, the other in Barrie headed by Antony Gariepy. 
In 1987, Ray Wickson was asked to resign from SCS due to a crisis of leadership, and shortly after this, he quit, leaving him free to create an identical organization in Canada called CSRO. The Canadian Spinal Research Organization was originally a concept from SCS U.S.A. founder, Dr. Charles Carson who observed the long held hopeless dogma promulgated by the medical establishment in respect to finding a cure for spinal cord injuries, and the need to challenge the status quo. 
After his resignation in 1987, Wickson connected with Barry Munro, who was a patient in rehab at Lyndhurst Hospital at the time, after he sustained a spinal cord injury from a diving accident. Wickson started the CSRO on February 14, 1984 under the name Spinal Cord Society of Canada. At that time, no other chapters followed him into this new venture other than his newest recruit Barry Munro. 
Wickson uses the rational and structure of SCS U.S.A., as the basis for CSRO, which originated by Dr. Charles Carson of Fergus Falls, Minnesota. As the name Spinal Cord Society Canada was a legitimate licensed charity in Canada under the hospices of the American headquarters, Wickson's formation of CSRO was done so in attempt to distance himself from them, but at the same time utilizing the funds generated under their name. He even went so far as to litigate the release of funds from Chapters that refused to follow his attempt to tear apart the organization. Wickson eventually paid himself out of these funds because up to this point his involvement was purely on a volunteer basis. CSRO now became a way for him and his new recruit Barry Munro to secure paid positions.
Together, Munro and Wickson using the funds generated under the banner of SCS, formed the CSRO to legitimize their new requirement of receiving a financial renumeration. Initially, operating out of Wickson's house, the charity generated approximately $25,000 in the first few years. On June 12, 1992, the organization changed its name to the Canadian Spinal Research Organization from SCSC to distance their volunteer past.
Mission.
The Canadian Spinal Research Organization is dedicated to the improvement of the physical quality of life for persons with a spinal cord injury and those with related neurological deficits, through targeted medical and scientific research. The CSRO is also committed to the reduction of spinal cord injuries through awareness programs for the general public and prevention programs for targeted groups.
Spinal cord injuries (SCI).
Spinal injury and spinal cord injury results when the body is exposed to forces greater than body parts can withstand. Force in amounts that can cause such damage commonly result from events such as auto crashes, falls from heights, falls, crashes and blows associated with sport and recreation, contact with an unmovable object or surface when diving, or from penetration by gunshot or sharp objects.
Spinal injury.
Sometimes only the bony structures and/or ligaments are damaged, resulting in various kinds of fractures (broken bones and discs or dislocations) and an unstable spine. Though the area affected will probably need to be immobilized until healing results, the spinal cord is not affected.
Spinal cord injury.
When the injury involves the spinal cord, the flow of messages between the brain and the rest of the body is interrupted or broken. The interruption results in a decrease or loss in motor function, sensation, or both below the level of injury and will also affect the bowel, bladder, and sexual function.
Quadriplegia and paraplegia.
Injuries to the spinal cord are classified as quadriplegia or paraplegia depending on the location of damage to the spinal cord, also known as the severity of the injury.
Quadriplegia - The nerves that supply feeling and movement to the arms and hands, as well as the nerves of the diaphragm come from the nerve roots in the cervical spinal cord (C1-C7) or neck region. If the spinal cord is injured in this area, movement and sensation may be interrupted to the arms and hands as well as the rest of the body, including muscles in the abdomen, chest and legs as well as bladder, bowel, and sexual function. If the injury is high enough that the diaphragm is affected, breathing problems will also occur; thus, quadriplegia is a condition that causes paralysis of both the upper and lower limbs.
Paraplegia - An injury to the cord in the thoracic (T1-T12) or lumbar spine (L1-L5) may affect the legs and trunk (abdomen and lower back) as well as bladder, bowel and sexual function, but arms and hands remain unaffected.
SCI & CSRO research.
The CSRO strives to find a cure for paralysis and improve the quality of life for people with spinal cord injuries by funding SCI research. Ninety percent of what we know about SCI has been discovered in the last 20 years. Currently, there is no cure for SCI; however, there have been many advances in the laboratories around the world.
Research previously funded by the CSRO.
The CSRO has supported a number of research efforts over the years, leading to promising discoveries and therapies. A great accomplishment of the CSRO came in late January 2010. After 20 years of development, CSRO and Accorda Therapeutics announced marketing approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for AMPYRA™ (generic name dalfampridine), an oral treatment to improve walking in patients with Multiple Sclerosis (MS). The CSRO has also funded the administration of L1 in promoting nerve regeneration, and Clenbuterol-a potential therapeutic aid towards the limitation of muscle wasting associated with spinal cord injuries.
Projects currently funded by the CSRO.
Currently the CSRO is funding Gene Therapy as well as Enteric Glia.
Cure and care research.
Cure research focuses on the causes of a condition or illness and seeks to not only arrest deterioration, but also reverse the process, thereby achieving complete recovery. While there are a great number of studies, realistically there will not be a solitary finding that provides "the silver bullet" to cure SCI. More probable is the discrete development of a multitude of therapies that used in combination will enable individuals to return to the level of functioning they experience pre-injury. The current areas of cure research are neuroprotection, regeneration, transplantation, and rehabilitation.
Care research focuses on the means of improving the quality of life for individuals living with SCI. One means of achieving increased quality of life is by advancing the ability of persons with SCI to function successfully within the community. Researchers make strides in this area by investigating and improving "best practice models", which caregivers, peers and family members use to treat and educate consumers. One of the primary goals of early intervention and stabilization is to promote the recovery of function. Typically, care oriented research is conducted in clinical settings such as rehabilitation centers. The current areas of care research are physical and psychosocial.
Fundraising and awareness.
The CSRO and ASRO have organized several campaigns and programs that educate the general public about spinal cord injuries and raise money for spinal cord injury (SCI) research.
Shoot for a cure.
One program that the CSRO has been involved in since 2000 is the Shoot For A Cure campaign. Initially involving only the hockey community, Shoot For A Cure has expanded to target the curling, motor-sport, and horse racing industries in order to raise awareness about spinal cord injuries in the general public and raise money for SCI research.
The Shoot For A Cure campaign also seeks to promote prevention of hockey-related spinal cord injuries through the Play it Cool™ prevention program. Since the induction of Shoot For A Cure, over $2,000,000 has been raised to further research and development for continued commitment to find a cure and prevent future injury.
Play it cool.
A program under the Shoot For A Cure awareness campaign is the Play It Cool™ youth injury prevention program. Play It Cool™ is a skill enhancement program, which aims to reduce the incidence of neurotrauma in hockey. This program is used to equip minor hockey players with the knowledge and skills that may prevent a hockey-related spinal cord injury and is developed to target hockey players, parents, coaches, and officials. Built on the foundation of scientific research by Dr. William Montelpare at Lakehead University, the Play It Cool website is an online platform uniting partners from the hockey community across North America to ultimately be the solution for creating a safer more effective game of hockey.
Supporters of Play It Cool include:

</doc>
<doc id="31036512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036512" title="Glenfiddich House">
Glenfiddich House

Glenfiddich House, also known as Harrison Hall, was built in three sections, with the first section completed in 1780. When viewing the house from the street, the left wing of the residence is the original home. Between 1850 and 1860, the main block of the home was built for Henry and Jane Harrison (hence Harrison Hall), by the Norris Brothers of Leesburg, VA, and is a good example of the Italianate style of home. The property still includes historic outbuildings: a log springhouse with V-notched corners, circa 1800, and a brick meat house, circa 1855. 
During the Civil War Harrison Hall became a hospitality center for Confederate officers passing through the area. After the Battle of Ball's Bluff on October 21, 1861, wounded soldiers were tended to at Harrison Hall. Among those was Colonel E. R. Burt of the 18th Mississippi. He died of his wound four days after the battle.
The most famous Civil War visitor was none other than General Robert E. Lee. The general broke one of his hands and sprained the other when his horse, Traveler, shied from a fast approaching courier. On September 4, 1862, General Lee received treatment at Harrison Hall; that evening he held a war council, planning the confederate invasion of Maryland, which ended with the Battle of Antietam. Among the planners in attendance were Generals Lewis Armistead, Thomas “Stonewall” Jackson, James Longstreet, and James Ewell Brown “Jeb” Stuart. 
From 1966-68 poet and author James Dickey resided at Glenfiddich House, an easy commute to his position as poetry consultant to the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. It was during his stay that he began his manuscript for his novel Deliverance. The desk that he wrote the first drafts of the novel is still at Glenfiddich House.

</doc>
<doc id="31036526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036526" title="Peter Cleary">
Peter Cleary

Peter Joseph Cleary (18 September 1950 – 15 April 1976) was an Irish republican and a leading member of the 1st Battalion of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA)'s South Armagh Brigade. He held the rank of Staff Officer and served as the unit's treasurer. He was implicated by journalist and author Joe Tiernan in the killing of Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) corporal and alleged Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) member Robert McConnell. Ten days after the purported killing, Cleary himself was shot dead by the SAS after being arrested at the home of his girlfriend outside Forkhill. He was the first person in Northern Ireland to be killed by the SAS, following their full deployment to Northern Ireland in January 1976. According to the SAS, he was shot after attempting to take the rifle from the officer who was guarding him in a bid to escape.
Irish Republican Army.
Cleary was born on 18 September 1950 in Northern Ireland, the second eldest of the 13 children of Hugh and Mary Cleary. He was brought up in the Roman Catholic religion, and according to author Tony Geraghty he was originally from Newry, County Down; although David McKittrick's book "Lost Lives" states he had lived in Magee Terrace, Belleeks, Newtownhamilton, County Armagh. At some stage after The Troubles broke out in 1968, Cleary joined the 1st Battalion of the South Armagh Brigade of the IRA. He served as the unit's treasurer and held the rank of Staff Officer. He made his living as a scrap-metal dealer.
Author and journalist Joe Tiernan claims that Cleary was part of the three-man IRA unit that ambushed and killed part-time UDR corporal Robert McConnell in the garden of his home at Tullyvallen, near Newtownhamilton. Cleary and his team hid in the bushes and when McConnell appeared, Cleary shot him twice in the head, killing him. McConnell had allegedly been a member of the UVF's Mid-Ulster Brigade and part of the "Glenanne gang" that carried out sectarian killings. In 1993 Yorkshire Television aired a programme, "The Hidden Hand: The Forgotten Massacre", which implicated McConnell in the 1974 Dublin car bombings. The narrator also claimed he was a British Military Intelligence agent with links to Captain Robert Nairac. RUC Special Patrol Group officer John Weir confirmed this in his affidavit and named him as the perpetrator of a series of sectarian attacks. He also alleged that McConnell had been set up by Military Intelligence who passed on confidential information about McConnell to the IRA, through Nairac, in an attempt to infiltrate the organisation. The IRA upon receiving this information ordered the execution of McConnell.
Killing.
Cleary was on the run, living in the Republic of Ireland; however on 15 April 1976 (ten days after the McConnell shooting), he returned secretly to Northern Ireland where he was promptly arrested at the home of his pregnant girlfriend outside Forkhill. He was seized by an SAS team who had been watching the house from observation positions as part of a week-long surveillance job and taken to a field to await transport by a military helicopter, as travelling by road was deemed too risky for British military personnel. On the previous 31 March at 9h30am a group of Scots soldiers and SAS men had raided the Cleary family home in Magee Terrace, Belleeks. In their account of Cleary's killing, the SAS claimed that while four of the men were holding lanterns guiding the aircraft to a landing in the dark, the young officer (who was allegedly on his maiden SAS operation) left to guard Cleary was forced to shoot him twice after the latter made an attempt to wrest the officer's rifle from him in a bid to escape. Cleary, although gravely wounded, was still alive, and an NCO then took the rifle from the officer who had shot him, and killed him with a final, third shot to "end his misery". Before returning the weapon to its owner, he wiped away his fingerprints. An inquest into the killing was held nine months later. A witness who had been inside the house from where Cleary was arrested testified that immediately after the soldiers had taken Cleary away he heard somebody crying over the ditch, then a single shot. Three of the SAS team attended the inquest, a statement was read on behalf of the officer (using the "nom de Guerre" "Soldier A") who first shot Cleary. The statement defended his actions by describing Cleary as "heavier and stronger" than him, as well as a "notorious killer"; "Soldier A" went on to say
An open verdict was returned by the inquest.
Author Mike Ryan claimed in his book "Secret Operations of the SAS" that Cleary had actually managed to escape and was shot by the pursuing soldiers who had ordered him to stop as he tried to make his way to the Republic of Ireland border. Cleary received three shots to the chest.
Peter Cleary was the first person killed by the SAS since they were deployed to Northern Ireland in full force in January 1976 by order of British Prime Minister Harold Wilson in the wake of the Kingsmill massacre; although there had been an SAS presence in the province prior to then, having had a proxy intelligence role through the 14th Intelligence Company, and their sub-unit 4 Field Survey Troop.
John Weir claimed in his affidavit that Robert Nairac's cover had been blown when he was recognised at the SAS shooting of Peter Cleary, the implication being that Nairac had been present when the incident took place.
On 17 April 1976 the "Cork Examiner" described Cleary's killing as "an act of utter folly".

</doc>
<doc id="31036527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036527" title="Walter Raleigh (priest)">
Walter Raleigh (priest)

Walter Raleigh or Ralegh (1586–1646) was an English divine, Dean of Wells from 1641. He died after a violent attack, a prisoner in his own deanery.
Life.
Raleigh was the second son of Sir Walter Raleigh's elder brother, Sir Carew Raleigh, of Downton, Wiltshire. His mother was Dorothy, widow of Sir John Thynne, of Longleat, Wiltshire, and daughter of Sir William Wroughton, of Broadheighton, Wiltshire. He was educated at Winchester School and at Magdalen Hall, Oxford, where he matriculated as commoner on 5 November 1602. He graduated B.A. in 1605 and M.A. in 1608.
Raleigh took holy orders, and in 1618 became chaplain to William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke. In 1620 he was presented by his patron to the rectory of Chedzoy, near Bridgwater, Somerset; in the following year he received the rectory of Wilton St Mary, Wiltshire. About 1630 he was chosen a chaplain-in-ordinary to Charles I, who admired his preaching. In 1632 he was made rector of Elingdon or Wroughton, and in 1635 of Street, Somerset. In 1634 he was minor prebendary of Combe in Wells Cathedral, and received besides the rectory of Street-cum-Walton. In 1636 he was created D.D. In 1637 he became dean and rector of St Buryan, Cornwall, and in 1641 he was chosen to succeed Dr George Warburton as dean of Wells.
Among Raleigh's friends were Lucius Cary, 2nd Viscount Falkland, Henry Hammond, William Chillingworth, and Edward Hyde, Earl of Clarendon. A royalist and a member of the Falkland circle, Raleigh suffered during the First English Civil War. While he was attending the king, his rectory-house at Chedzoy was plundered by the parliamentarians, his property stolen, his cattle driven away, and his wife and children expelled from their home. But in the western counties fortune was for some time favourable to the king, and Raleigh was enabled to return to Chedzoy. He continued to live there in safety until the defeat of George Goring, lord Goring, at Langport in 1645. Raleigh then fled to Bridgwater, and on the fall of the town (21 July 1645) surrendered to the parliamentarians. From Bridgwater he was sent a prisoner to Chedzoy, but on account of his weakness he was allowed to live in free custody in his own house.
The departure of Fairfax and Cromwell was for Raleigh the beginning of new troubles. One Henry Jeanes, being anxious, it is said, to secure the rectory for himself, carried off the dean to Ilchester, and there had him lodged in the county gaol. From Ilchester the prisoner was removed to Banwell, and then to the deanery, Wells, where he was entrusted to the care of David Barrett, a shoemaker.
Death.
Raleigh was harshly dealt with, and mortally wounded in a scuffle. According to Simon Patrick, Raleigh was murdered while attempting to screen from Barrett's curiosity a letter that he had written to his wife. He died on 10 October 1646, and was buried in the choir of Wells Cathedral, before the dean's stall.
Raleigh's eldest son George attempted to bring Barrett to justice. A priest-vicar of Wells named Standish was arrested for having permitted the burial of the dean in the cathedral, and kept in custody. The handling of these matters in the "Sufferings of the Clergy" by John Walker, half a century later, has been used to illustrated the methods and problems of Walker's historiography.
Works.
Raleigh's papers were preserved in the family, and thirteen of his sermons were given by his widow to Simon Patrick, who published them in 1679, with a biographical notice, and a Latin poem written in praise of Raleigh by a Cambridge admirer, who is probably Patrick himself. The volume is entitled "Reliquiæ Raleighanæ, being Discourses and Sermons on several subjects, by the Reverend Dr. Walter Raleigh". The editor praises Raleigh's quickness of wit, ready elocution, and mental powers, but says that he 'was led to imitate too far a very eminent man,' whose name is not given.
In 1719 Laurence Howell published "Certain Queries proposed by Roman Catholicks, and answered by Dr. Walter Raleigh", with an account of Raleigh copied from Patrick. Of a tract on the millennium which Raleigh is said to have written, no trace remains.
Family.
Between 1620 and 1623 Raleigh married Maria, daughter of Sir Ralph Gibbs. During the civil war she took refuge at Downton, where she was joined by her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="31036531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036531" title="Ernie Mills (cyclist)">
Ernie Mills (cyclist)

Ernest Victor Mills (10 April 1913 – 1972), commonly known as Ernie Mills, was an English amateur cyclist who, with his teammate Bill Paul, set the British 12-hour record on a tandem in 1934 and re-established it in 1936 with a 'world's best performance'. In 1937, in Italy, they set the world one-hour tandem record which stood for 63 years until September 2000. The Addiscombe Cycle Club teammates set 20 world and British records at both short and long distances.
Mills represented Great Britain at the 1936 Summer Olympic Games in Berlin and won a bronze medal in the Team Pursuit. At the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney Australia, he won a bronze medal in the 1,000 metre Time-Trial
In 1937 "Cycling Weekly" jointly awarded him and Bill Paul their own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Personal life.
Mills lived in the Addiscombe area near Croydon, London.
Career.
In 1934 Mills was paired with his teammate, William George (Bill) Paul, ('stoker') (1910 - 29 January 2003) also from the Addiscombe Cycle Club in Croydon. Initially they had been on opposing tandem teams but together they covered over 30 miles in one hour in 1936 and won a 10 minute pursuit race in less than four minutes.
Together they set the British 12-hour tandem record in 1934, and, after losing it in 1936 to both G.A.Birtchnell and C.G.Taylor, and later C.C.Melhuish and H.G.Chapman, Mills and Paul then retook the record in September 1936 with a 'world's best performance'.
In 1936 Mills and Paul set a British record for a 30 mile ride on a tandem, covering the distance in 1 hour 5 minutes 3 seconds.
He represented Great Britain at the 1936 Summer Olympic Games in Berlin, and won a bronze medal in the Team Pursuit along with his colleagues Harry Hill, Ernest Johnson and Charles King.
In 1937 Mills and Paul set the 'World Tandem Hour Record', 31.06 miles (49.991 km), at the Velodromo Vigorelli (Velodromo Comunale Vigorelli) track in Milan owned by 'Vigorelli Cycles'. The trip had been funded by readers of "Cycling" magazine. This record stood until Sept 23rd 2000 at Manchester Velodrome when it was beaten by Simon Keeton and Jon Rickard of Rutland Cycling Club.
Mills represented England at the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney Australia, where he won a bronze medal in the 1,000 metre Time-Trial behind the Australians Bob Porter and Tasman Johnson. He finished fourth in the road race and also competed in 10 miles scratch event.
As of 2011 Mills and Paul's 1938 100-mile tandem record at Addiscombe Cycle Club of still stands.
Commemoration.
Addiscombe Cycle Club.
Mills is commemorated every year at Addiscombe C.C. by an array of awards presented in his name for all sporting categories, road, track, ladies, juniors and the open time trial. 
The Golden Book.
Mills & Paul's achievements were celebrated in 1937 when Cycling Weekly awarded them their own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Cigarette cards.
In 1939 Mills and Paul's efforts were celebrated nationally when John Player & Sons issued a Cigarette card of them on their tandem. In a series of 50 cards called "Cycling 1839-1939", they were featured on card no.45 titled "Tandem track position".

</doc>
<doc id="31036545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036545" title="Frankie Teardrop">
Frankie Teardrop

"Frankie Teardrop" is a song by Suicide from their acclaimed first album "Suicide", released in 1977. The song tells a story of a young father and poverty-stricken factory worker whose destitution drives him to insanity. One day, Frankie comes home from work, murders his wife and child, and then commits suicide. The narrative then continues to follow him into hell. The music backing this is sparse, featuring just a simple keyboard riff, drum machine, and the vocal line, creating a chilling atmosphere. Singer Alan Vega's "Dark, inhuman screams" add to the claustrophobic nature of the piece.
Reviews.
The track has had many reviews for its unique nature, both in its disturbing nature (Nick Hornby in his book "31 Songs" described it as something you would listen to "Only once"), and for its political viewpoint, by Allmusic as "More literally and poetically political than the work of bands who wore their radical philosophies on their sleeve". Bruce Springsteen has cited that he loves this song in interviews, and that it was an influence on his album "Nebraska". Pitchfork cited it as "track that gets most of the ink" in terms of critical acclaim, and jokingly as ""Taxi Driver": The Musical" when citing the album "Suicide" in their "100 Greatest 70s Albums" list.

</doc>
<doc id="31036546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036546" title="Keystone State-class crane ship">
Keystone State-class crane ship

The "Keystone State"-class crane ships are six auxiliary crane ships of the U.S. Maritime Administration Ready Reserve Force. The ships can be quickly activated to support military sea transportation needs. These self-sustaining ships are useful in ports that have limited, damaged or undeveloped port facilities. When activated, they come under operational control of Military Sealift Command.
Features.
The auxiliary crane ships are converted container ships with three twin boom pedestal cranes which can lift containers or other cargo from themselves or adjacent vessels and deposit the cargo on a pier or lighterage.
Background.
The ten "Keystone State" ships are conversion crane ships the first of which was completed in 1984 and the last of which was completed in 1997. Five of the ships were deployed to the Persian Gulf in 1990-91. acted as a temporary Army prepositioning ship in 1994. Four of the ten ships have been deactivated and transferred to the reserve fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="31036555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036555" title="ALQ">
ALQ

ALQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31036557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036557" title="The Irish People">
The Irish People

The Irish People has been a title of a number of mostly political newspapers in Ireland and America.

</doc>
<doc id="31036584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036584" title="Turok (video game)">
Turok (video game)

Turok is the 2008 installment in the first-person shooter Turok video games series and is loosely based on comic series under the same name. The game was released in February 2008 for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. It was later ported on to Microsoft Windows in April 2008. "Turok" was developed by Propaganda Games, published by Touchstone Games and distributed by Disney Interactive Studios. A sequel, identified only as ""Turok 2"", was planned for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 but it was cancelled before it was officially announced.
Plot.
The player takes on the role of a soldier named Corporal Joseph Turok. Previously, Turok was a member of the Wolf Pack, a specialized military detachment whose members were trained in black ops by General Roland Kane. After a falling out with the group, Turok was reassigned to a general military unit known as Whiskey Company. The team has been assembled to apprehend his former mentor and return him to Earth. After committing various war crimes, Kane had disappeared three years earlier only to surface on a backwater world. Unbeknownst to Whiskey Company, the planet is under the jurisdiction of the Mendel-Grumman (M-G) Corporation, and Kane is in command of a private army of M-G soldiers and equipment.
At first, the crew shuns Turok, thinking that he is an inexperienced fighter, untrustworthy, and a liability. One particular member, Slade, has a personal grudge against Turok because his brother Robert was also a member of Wolf Pack, and was killed in the same battle in Columbia from which Turok had reputedly fled, earning him his dubious reputation.
On approach to their destination, their starship is shot down from orbit and crash lands on the terraformed surface, where Turok quickly learns that the jungles covering the surface, even the planet are inhabited by dinosaurs. The dinosaurs are wild and dangerous, and the M-G soldiers have been capturing them to be used as experimental weapons for General Kane, meaning a three-way battle between Whiskey Company, the M-G soldiers, and the dinosaurs takes place throughout the game. Upon crashing, many of Whiskey Company are killed by the crash or are either killed by dinosaurs or M-G soldiers.
Turok is first guided through the ship's engine blocks by two unnamed soldiers and then by Sergeant Morris, the senior NCO of the company. Upon seeing where the rest of the ship came down, Morris attempts to contact members of Whiskey Company but is ambushed and killed by a raptor. Turok travels a little further on and discovers Morris' mangled body being eaten by mini raptors. He takes his gun and proceeds to kill them. Turok then proceeds to find other Whiskey Company members on his own, following wreckage and bodies. He soon finds a soldier who is gunned down by an M-G soldier before Turok can help him. He eventually finds Slade, who is less than pleased to meet Turok. They proceed to get to the main crash site, finding Turok's bow in the process. The pair navigate the jungles, an M-G outpost, a dinosaur-infested valley, and a raptor cave. They eventually link up with Reese, Whiskey Company's resident sniper, and stumble upon a group of M-G troops searching starship wreckage for survivors before heading through a lair of feline-like raptors. The group eventually makes their way to the crash site where they find Chief Engineer Carter, heavy weapons trooper Jericho, weapons specialist Logan, Whiskey Company's medic Parker, second-in-command Henderson, Company leader Cole, Chief Security Officer Louis, technician and pilot Shepard,and soldiers Foster and Gonzales. After resting up, Turok is sent by Cole on a mission to find the comm unit from the ship's wreckage to attempt to call for help.
While searching for the unit, he is discovered by Grimes, a member of Wolf Pack and one of Turok's trainers. Grimes left Turok with a warning at knife-point before vanishing as quickly as he appeared. Turok then finds Cowboy engaged by several M-G soldiers. After clearing out a camp, Cowboy is wounded by a hidden enemy's arrow moments before Foster, Gonzales, Parker, Slade and Logan arrive. Slade then accuses Turok of deliberately shooting Cowboy, mocking his native American heritage while he's at it. While Parker, Logan and Slade take Cowboy back to the camp, Turok, Gonzales, and Foster continue looking for the comm unit. Logan at this point starts to exhibit signs of mental trauma.
The marines shortly came across what looked like an abandoned outpost, and Foster, who was on point, got shot by a sniper. Turok and Gonzales assault the outpost, taking out M-G troops and raptors in the process before having to defend said outpost from an M-G counterattack. Moving deeper into the jungle, they finally find more wreckage from the ship and take out the M-G troops patrolling the area. Gonzales finds the comm unit on a rocky ledge and celebrates the fact, only for him to get snatched in by Mama Scarface (A giant T-Rex who has scars on her right side from battles with MG soldiers) and carried off. Turok sets off in pursuit. During the chase, Turok ends up in the nest of the T-Rex and is attacked by her offspring. When he locates the Comm Unit, Mama Scarface herself appears and attacks him. During the battle, she gets her right eye knifed, but she throws Turok off of her and out of her lair. After regaining consciousness, Turok finds that night has fallen and he now has to make his way back to camp while navigating through an abandoned outpost and fighting raptors along the way.
Reaching the camp, he informs the others that Foster and Gonzales didn't make it. Slade is not happy about the news and claims that Gonzales was his closest friend. In a suggestive manner, he challenges Turok to a knife fight and accuses him of being a traitor. Cowboy, having recovered from the arrow, defends Turok, stating that Turok held his own during that ill-fated mission with Wolf Pack, and Jericho drags a defiant Slade out of the way. After that argument, Turok gave the comm unit to Cowboy and thanked him for his support. Cole, about to inform Turok of something, is suddenly killed by an arrow fired from Grimes and a battle ensues at the camp as M-G troops storm the area. Whiskey Company wins the battle, fending off waves of infantry and even a spider tank, but also lost Henderson, Lewis, and Parker. Even worse, the comm unit was destroyed during the fight. A brief clash for leadership occurred until Logan, unofficially, takes command. Jericho then insists that they go hunt down M-G in retaliation for their fellow soldier's deaths but an approaching storm soon changes his mind. Upon hearing a strange noise along with a large light beam in the distance of the forests, Logan orders Turok and Slade to investigate. Knowing that this was a suicide mission, Carter speaks up but is ordered to go with them. The rest of the company then search for a way off of the planet.
While en route to where the light was coming from, Turok and company witness a raptor being pulled down into a giant hole by an unknown force and find more holes of the same kind the closer they got to the light. When they arrived at their destination, a seemingly derelict outpost, they discover that the light emitted was from an APC that was pulled halfway into the ground. Forcing their way into the outpost, they come across a log entry from Kane. Kane details that these scorpion-like bugs have a potent neurotoxin and, after an accident which killed several M-G scientists, states that he had found this interesting element in the bugs' blood and has begun analysis. Carter, who was on a separate computer, soon finds the location of a shuttle in an abandoned substation not far from the main M-G base. Turok relays this info to Logan, only to be attacked by giant scorpion bugs, which drag Carter underground. Managing to escape from the swarm, Turok and Slade find a chopper on a landing pad on the other end of the outpost. Before they can even reach the landing pad, the ground collapses and Turok and Slade are separated. Turok then had to navigate the dark cave system, fending off bugs before reuniting with Slade at an underground river. Their reunion was cut short as a kraken-like creature emerges from the water and Turok manages to kill it by using geothermic gas fissures and a flamethrower. Slade begrudgingly thanks Turok for saving his life, having now come to respect the former Wolf Pack soldier. They eventually escape the caves and linked up with what's left of Whiskey Company. Turok informs them that Carter was killed by the bugs and Logan comments on how people keep dying around him.
Upon seeing a patrolling convoy coming for their position, Logan accuses Turok of drawing M-G soldiers to them since the beginning, and threatens shooting Turok. A battle begins, in which Turok, Shepard, Logan and Jericho are split from the other three, Logan and Jericho are killed in battle. Turok and Shepard go one The two escape the area and link up with Slade, Cowboy and Reese. They reach the hanger where the ship was located, only to discover that the ship was long destroyed by the environment. With no other choice, they decide to get into the main base. Upon discovering a back entrance into the MG base, Reese is killed by an arrow to his eye. The four remaining soldiers enter the base, indirectly helped by Mama Scarface who was rampaging at the Base's gate. Having entered the base, they come across a log from Kane, stating that he had developed a nerve gas from the scorpion-bug's blood, a gas that can kill any living creature before dissipating without a trace. Now the group knows they have to destroy this base to stop this weapon from being spread. Turok sets charges on the generators, fighting off both M-G sentries and flying bugs. However, he and the others are captured by Kane. During the ensuing argument between Kane and Turok, Cowboy speaks out, saying none of them would have survived this long without him and Kane kills him. Turok detonates the charges, which results in the death of Grimes.
Turok, Shepard and Slade navigate their way through the collapsing base, battling MG soldiers and raptors. Soon they reach the ship but Turok refuses to board it and goes to prevent Kane from escaping. He destroys Kanes ship using rocket turrets. After destroying the starship, Turok is faced with an intense knife battle under the ruins of the MG Base with Kane, in which Turok kills Kane. Soon after this event had occurred, Turok is confronted by Mama Scarface, who is driven insane by the loss of her brood, for final time. Turok manages to eventually put Mama Scareface at ease by carefully placing a grenade in its ruptured eye which causes the "T. rex"'s upper jaw to explode. Turok is showered by the blood of the "T. rex" whilst witnessing the other members of Whiskey Company (Shepard and Slade) return to save him in a Starship. Turok enters the ship and the three friends finally escape from the planet.
Characters.
Joseph Turok
The game's main titular protagonist. He was a former member of Wolf Pack, and a former military operative given extensive training in knife fighting and use of the longbow, in addition to training with more conventional firearms. Turok left Wolf Pack because he did not agree with the orders he was given. He joined Whiskey Company and was one of the few that survived. Like Tal'set and Joshua Fireseed in the previous continuity, Joseph has Native American heritage, specifically Kiowa. He is one of only three marines who survives to the end of the game. (Voiced by Gregory Norman Cruz.)
Slade
A member of Whiskey Company that holds a grudge against Turok after his older brother Robert, a member of Wolf Pack, was killed in action, something he blames Turok for. Slade has a short temper that is seen many times throughout the game (sometimes snapping at Carter), and whose best friend is Gonzalez. He takes a particular delight in using the flamethrower. Slade finally respects Turok after Turok saves him from a giant serpent seen underground. One of only three marines who survives to the end of the game. He is a Corporal according to the other characters but, like Cowboy, he bears no insignia on his armor.(Voiced by Ron Perlman.)
Shepard
A technician for Whiskey Company that is prone to complaining and annoys Turok because he talks too much. He is the only one able to pilot a spacecraft in Whiskey Company. One of only three marines who survives to the end of the game. (Voiced by Donnie Wahlberg.)
Cowboy
A marine and the only one that accepts Turok from the start. When Turok first encounters Cowboy, Cowboy is shot by an arrow and Slade blames it on Turok. He is one of the final four marines but is shot in the stomach by Kane for speaking out. (Voiced by Timothy Olyphant.)
Reese
Whiskey Company's sniper, an albino. He saves Turok from a raptor attack. He appeared as a very calm person throughout the game. He never really showed any emotion even during the ambush that killed Cole. Reese is one of the final five marines and dies while assaulting the M-G base when he is shot through the eye with an arrow, likely launched by Grimes. He was a Private First Class based on the insignia on his armor. (Voiced by Gideon Emery.)
Logan
The senior ranking Corporal of Whiskey Company. He becomes increasingly unstable as the game progresses. While attempting to find a spacecraft to escape the dinosaur planet, he accuses Turok of alerting M-G soldiers to their position, and promptly reveals their positions to the soldiers, who hadn't actually been aware of their location. Logan is killed by an M-G helicopter while trying ineffectively to destroy it. Logan had also taken command of Whiskey Company after all higher-ranking officers had died. He suffered brain damage during the crash, something that was not apparent to the others at first though Cole notes that Logan took a bad hit to the head. Unfortunately, he was the highest-ranking member of Whiskey Company after the ambush which killed all the officers. (Voiced by William Fichtner.)
Morris
An NCO of Whickey Company. Morris is the sergeant encountered at the beginning of The Lost Land. He is the senior NCO of Whiskey Company and therefore is fourth in command of the company after Cole, Henderson and Louis. He, besides Turok, is the only one to survive the escape from the engine chunk of the ship after it crashed. He and Turok are also the first ones to encounter the dinosaurs. He notices smoke on the horizon and says that that is where the rest of the ship came down. He then walks off to contact several members of Whiskey company. Just as he comes in contact with someone, he is carried off into the bush and eaten by a raptor. He is also one of the men seen exiting cryo sleep with Turok at the beginning of the game.
Cole
Captain and the leader of Whiskey Company. He is usually calm but can be sharp if needed. When Turok, Slade and Reese arrive at the main crash site, he orders Turok to search for the comm unit. Turok contacts Cole several times throughout the game. After Turok finds Cowboy, he sends Logan, Parker, Foster, Gonzales, and Slade to rendezvous with them. When Turok returns to the camp without Foster and Gonzales he doesn't question it. He is killed by an arrow to the abdomen by Grimes at the start of a large battle with the M-G soldiers. (Voiced by Mark Rolston.)
Jericho
Whiskey Company's heavy weapon specialist. He is dedicated to his men and persisted on going after the M-G soldiers after they killed many marines. Jericho dies when he stays behind, fighting M-G soldiers, to let Turok and Shepard escape to the station.(Voiced by Christopher Judge.)
Gonzalez
A marine with what seems to be latino heritage. He had gone with Turok in one mission to recover the long-range radio but was carried off by Mama Scarface, the massive T. Rex, who likely fed him to her offspring. Slade was his best friend. (Voiced by Lombardo Boyar.)
Carter
Another technician for Whiskey Company. He worries a lot and annoys Slade. Carter was sent with Turok and Slade to go see what was making an odd sound after he had complained to Logan. He was killed by the giant scorpion bugs and dragged underground. (Voiced by Jason Harris Katz.)
Henderson
Whiskey Company's second-in-command. He was only seen once in the game and was said to have died when the M-G soldiers attacked Whiskey Company's campsite. His death was not shown unlike Louis and Cole's deaths. (Voiced by Steve Van Wormer.)
Louis
Another high-ranking officer. He died in the ensuing battle that also claimed the lives of Henderson and Cole. He was gunned down by machine gun turrets.
Foster
A soldier paired with Turok and Gonzalez to retrieve the comm unit. He is shot in the head by an M-G sniper. (Voiced by Jon Curry.)
Parker
Whiskey Company's medic. He tried to treat Cowboy for his arrow wound before taking him back to camp for better treatment. It is unclear how he died, but he does not make it off the dinosaur planet at the end with Turok, Slade, and Shepard. It is thought that he was either killed during the attack as he is not seen during the meeting to decide who will lead Whiskey company or he was killed on the return journey to the main crash site as he is not seen when Turok returns with the comm unit. (Voiced by Josh Gomez.)
Roland Kane
The AWOL leader of Wolf Pack. After Kane left the military he began working with the Mendel-Grumman Company. Kane set up a base on a planet, and among other things, genetically engineered quite a few species of resurrected dinosaurs, and created an incredibly potent toxin that he planned to sell to the M-G Company. Kane also kills Cowboy when he speaks out. He failed in his attempt to escape the dinosaur planet after his facilities were destroyed when Turok blew up his escape vessel and defeated him in a knife fight. Roland Kane was the person that trained Turok to his amazing combat level. (Voiced by Powers Boothe.)
John Grimes
Wolf Pack's second-in-command. He is seen multiple times throughout the game, the first is outside an M-G base on the second level, when he confronts Turok, briefly seen after he killed Cole with his bow and when Kane captures the four remaining members in Whiskey Company. It is unclear whether or not he survives the events of the game. He may have been killed when the reactor room exploded and he was hit by a falling metal beam. Grimes also causes the death of Cole and Reese, and is likely the one who injured Cowboy. His signature weapon is the bow, and his skill with the weapon is exceptional.
Mendell-Grumman Corporation
The paramilitary company that is funding Kane's research on the planet and providing the soldiers that kill the many stranded members of Whiskey Company.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is similar to that of most first-person shooters, with a strong focus on survival in dangerous natural environments. The human enemies, under the leadership of Kane, are the main threat to the player, although dinosaurs may often be found wandering throughout the game. The dinosaurs act as a neutral force and, if the player chooses, can be used as a tool to attack enemy soldiers. This may be done by attracting roaming dinosaurs to a firefight (via: flares, gunshots, etc.) to aid the player and help dispatch the enemy, with possible other ways depending on the situation. The dinosaurs' intelligence are much alike the Earth dinosaurs, so other dinosaurs and all humans, including the player's allies and enemies, may be attacked. The game does not utilize an aim-assist feature.
Propaganda Games has included an additional, stealth mechanic in the game. Because "Turok" takes place mostly in jungle environments with a focus on ambiance, the player may kill enemies with a bow or knife without being heard or use dinosaurs to attract the attention of other enemies and slip by unnoticed. A famed new feature into this game is the Silent Kill, which is done by drawing your knife, then attacking a human or unaware dino from behind. The kill can be utilized against dinosaurs and humans alike as a finishing blow, and can be executed from any side. The knife is also utilized as a self-defense weapon during phases known as "mauls", where the player is attacked by a dino or bug, and must hammer on the according buttons in order to counter-attack or fend off the attack.
At the end of the game, when you fight Kane as a boss, he steals your knife, and you must quickly hammer on the randomly chosen button(s) and finally kill him at the 4th or 5th set of buttons. These gameplay elements have been made optional, meaning the player is never forced to use stealth to their advantage if they wish not to. Well-known among "Turok" fans, the games generally feature a large, creative arsenal, with unconventional futuristic weaponry, much unlike that found in typical first-person shooters.
Multiplayer.
Online multiplayer support is also available. There is a (Team) Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, Wargames, and Assault Capture the Flag. Multiplayer supports up to 16 people, and 4 players for three co-op missions. A feature in the multiplayer—randomly spawning computer-controlled dinosaurs and insects that appear in various locations in levels—adds a new factor to the gameplay. While players must worry about the opposing enemies, they must now also worry about the hostile dinosaurs that will be attempting to kill them. There can be up to 4 A.I controlled dinosaurs or insects on any map at one time. Unfortunately, splitscreen multiplayer is not supported in any form.
Originally, the Xbox 360 version of "Turok" was set to feature an Achievement called "Grab Bag", which required players to kill at least one enemy, one dinosaur, one teammate, and themselves, all in the same match. This caused controversy on the Internet as the Achievement essentially rewarded players for team killing. Josh Holmes, a representative of Propaganda Games, described the creation of the Achievement by saying "What we found was that players playing their first match in "Turok" - almost every player - was (accidentally) killing himself, a team mate and an enemy with a grenade or a Stick Bomb gun and so we thought 'hey, we should give them an Achievement for that', as kind of a joke." He went on to say that developers were planning to release a patch removing Grab Bag if excessive team killing became a problem after launch. In the launch version of the game, however, while the "Grab Bag" Achievement is still present, it removed the requirement of killing a teammate, and is awarded after the player kills an enemy, a dinosaur, and themselves in the same match.
A Map pack called the ""Velociraptor" Pack" has been released, containing 2 new multiplayer maps, one new Co-op map, and 2 refurbished maps, which now take place at Night.
Below is a brief description of the five new maps:
eerie darkness of the night.
PlayStation 3 multiplayer issues.
Since February 2011, the Turok multiplayer servers have been disconnected either by the Turok developers Propaganda Games or their parent company, Disney Interactive Studios. The multiplayer had been running perfectly fine for nearly 3 years until then, when the servers went offline and no-one could access them. This problem has only been reported by PlayStation Network gamers and petitions exist to re-boot the Turok multiplayer again. The main and most recognized campaign to restore turok multiplayer is the Turok Multiplayer Revival Campaign (TMRC) with over 500 supporters.
Reception.
"Turok" received mostly mixed or average reviews, citing undesirable details in the gameworld. As of April 2012, the game holds an aggregate score of 70% on Gamerankings and a 69 out of 100 on Metacritic.
In terms of individual reviews, "Turok" has received a 9/10 from "Play" magazine and a 7/10 from both the "Official Xbox Magazine" and the "Official PlayStation Magazine". Both praised multiplayer but commented on the ""sketchy enemy awareness"" and ""dodgy textures"". Game Trailers, which gave the game 8.3/10, highlighted the game's use of the Unreal 3 Engine, believing it to be "the best use of the tech outside of Epic's own efforts" and praising the modeling and animation of the dinosaurs in particular. 1up.com gave the game a score of C+, specifically complaining about its stealth mechanics, the use of camera shaking, and occasional graphical glitches in the PlayStation 3 version. Gameplasma gave the game a 7 out of 10 claiming that "the storyline is mediocre" and it is "forgettable". "Hyper"'s Yuri Spadeface commends the game for its "solid frame rate". However, he criticised the "frustrating level design and average execution".
"Turok" received 3/5 from "X-Play", commenting on its aim-assist being woefully inadequate both in multiplayer and singleplayer, but praised its graphics and "outlook". In its G-phoria episode, it won the category of "Game Deserves An Uwe Boll Movie". Gamepro magazine reviewed the game, saying that ""Turok" isn't good enough to single handedly repair the franchise's tarnished reputation, but it is good enough that you'll want to forgive some of its ancestors' sins." They gave the graphics a 4.0, the sound a 3.75, the control a 4.75, and the fun factor a 3.75 out of 5.
"Game Informer" magazine reviewed "Turok", and gave it a 7/10, stating "the ecosystem environment does not live up to what it was supposed to or should be. Minor problems like a paper thin story, the constant knocking of the camera from explosives and dinosaurs, the poor multiplayer and poorly spaced checkpoints, drag down what otherwise is a decent shooter." However, they liked the game for its voice talents including Powers Boothe and Timothy Olyphant. It was reviewed by Ben and Bertz, who both agreed on the same score.
Elsewhere, "Turok" was criticized to a further extent. Honest Gamers awarded the game 5/10, citing the unforgiving checkpoint system, badly contextualized story and poor AI as reasons for the mediocre mark; and PC Gamer UK awarded the game 57%, calling it "weary and uninspired."

</doc>
<doc id="31036619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036619" title="Mining in Sierra Leone">
Mining in Sierra Leone

The mining industry of Sierra Leone accounted for 4.5 percent of the country's GDP in 2007 and minerals made up 79 percent of total export revenue with diamonds accounting for 46 percent of export revenue in 2008. The main minerals mined in Sierra Leone are diamonds, rutile, bauxite, gold, iron and limonite.
Mining in Sierra Leone, especially diamond mining, has been seen as one of the key factors for instability in the country and one of the reasons for the country's recent civil war. Traditionally, benefits from diamond mining have ended up with private companies and corrupt officials rather than the country's government and people. The Ministry of Mineral Resources is responsible for the management of the country's minerals sector and the Mines and Minerals Act 2009. Sierra Leone is a candidate for the Extraction Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI). GoSL publishes data on licenses and payments by mining companies in their Online Repository established by Revenue Development Foundation, the repository was launched in January 2012
History.
Organised mining began in the 1920s with bauxite first being recorded in 1920 along the Falaba to Waia road. Diamonds were found in the early 1930s, from 1934 to 1956 the Sierra Leone Selection Trust (SLST) held the monopoly for mining, prospecting for and marketing diamonds throughout Sierra Leone. The Consolidated African Selection Trust Ltd (CAST), which owned mining operation around West Africa, provided the initial capital for the SLST. The monopoly was originally given for 99 years but in 1955 the SLST gave up rights to alluvial deposits outside its lease area. This allowed artisan and small scale mining of alluvial deposits, and by 1965 there had been a large movement from agricultural work to working these deposits. In 1970 a joint SLST and government organisation was formed call the National Diamond Mining Corporation (NDMC).
Before the start of the Civil War in 1991 250,000 people made a living in the mining and quarrying sector with direct and indirect employment accounting for 14% of the country's total labour force. The mineral wealth of Sierra Leone, especially in diamonds, became a key factors in its instability and the outbreak of Civil War.
Resource Curse.
Despite being among the top-ten diamond-producing nations, the mining sector faces many challenges, including weak laws and smuggling issues. Sierra Leone is losing large revenue that could have been earned from taxes and licensing agreements. Those revenues could be reinvested for example in the healthcare sector to help those people whose health is affected by mining operations. Research suggests 50% of Sierra Leone’s diamonds were smuggled annually. NACE argues that with good institutional reforms, Sierra Leone can increase mineral exports seven-fold by 2020. Sierra Leone’s mining performance is extremely poor as compared to Botswana, where mining contributes approximately 38% to their GDP.
Rutile.
Sierra Leone is ranked as one of the top five producers of rutile, a titanium ore, used in paint pigment and welding rod coatings. The government issued leases for mining rutile are held by Sierra Rutile Limited which is owned by Titanium Resources Group which is owned by European and U.S investors. These leases cover 580 km2 of land where there are 19 identified deposits of rutile. In 2009 the Government of Sierra Leone received Le 1,854 million in royalties from rutile mining. In 2009 production decreased by 19.07 percent to 63,860 tons, and exports were worth US$ 35,920,300.
Gold.
Gold mining in Sierra Leone consisted of small scale operation exploiting alluvial deposits. After the end of the Sierra Leone Civil War exploration of gold grew and by 2013 to 2015 new modern mines are expected to be in production. In 2010 Cluff Gold, a British company, found gold deposits in the rocks of the southern Kangari hills and is planning to build a mechanised mine to extract it. In 2009 production levels of gold fell by 17.71 percent to 5060 Troy Ounces (157 kg) from 6150 Troy Ounces (191 kg) in 2008. This was due to a drop in mining activity in the second half of the year and was despite a rise in the price of gold on the global market. The drop may also have been due to increased smuggling as the Government of Sierra Leone had raised the duty to higher than the neighboring countries. The increase in the value of gold meant gold exports were worth 15.73 percent more at US$4,764,000 in 2009 compared to US$4,116,400 in 2008.
Diamonds.
Diamonds are found in about a quarter of Sierra Leone in the south-east and east of the country, with the diamond fields cover 7,700 square miles. The main production areas are concentrated around the drainage areas of rivers in the Kono, Kenema and Bo Districts. In the Kono, Kenema, Bo and Pujehun Districts there are 1,700 artisanal mining licenses in operation. In 2009 the government recorded exports of 400,480 carats (80,096 g) of diamonds, this included 143,620 carats (28,724 g) of industrial diamonds and 256,860 (51,372 g) of gem diamonds. This was and increase of 7.86 percent on the previous year which was a result of legislative changes, in the form of a new mining law, to enable fees and royalties to be collected more effectively and an increase in the amount of diamond mining. Diamond exports were worth US$ 78,373,900 in 2009 accounting for 59 percent of the country's exports. The drop in the value of diamonds on the world market meant that the value of diamond exports decreased by 20.68 percent in 2009 compared to 2008.
The largest diamond found in Sierra Leone, and the third largest diamond in the world, was a 969.8 carat (194 g) rough diamond. It was found in 1972 and named the Star of Sierra Leone.
Sierra Leone should have been one of the world’s richest countries, being blessed with resources, including gold and diamonds. However, it remains one of the world’s poorest countries, ranking 203 out of 206 countries by World Development Report. Wealth that diamonds should have brought is not evident, and Sierra Leone is still emerging from scars from the recent brutal Sierra Leone Civil War, which was fuelled by illicit diamond trading. Revenue from mining in Sierra Leone has not been redistributed to benefit the larger population. The mining industry contributed 4.5% towards its Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in 2007. Economic development is low due to poor management of resources and unrealized potential revenue.
Bauxite.
Sierra Leone's production of bauxite, an aluminium ore, is around one percent of the total global production. Deposits occur between Moyamba and Mano, on the Freetown Peninsular, at Krim-Kpaka in the Pujehun District, southern Sierra Leone; in north on the road from Falaba to Waia, at Kamakwie and Makumre.
Sierra Minerals Holdings is the only company mining bauxite in the country, and the second largest employer in the mining industry. It runs the Sieromco Bauxite Mine as well as holding the mining lease to 321.7 km2. In 2009 production of bauxite fell by 22.17 percent to 742,820 tons. This was due to Sierra Minerals ceasing production from June to September 2009 as a response to falling global demand for aluminum, which is produced from bauxite.
Iron.
Mining for haematite iron ore recommenced at Marampa mine on 11 February 2010 after 35 years. The mine is owned by London Mining which also owns an exploration license covering 319 km².
The Tonkolili region hosts the biggest iron ore deposit in Africa and the third largest in the world, exploited by African Minerals, in the hills around Bumbuna, Mabonto and Bendugu
Governance.
Institutions.
Inefficiency and corruption of Sierra Leone’s institutions are impeding its economic growth. Absence of well-established institutions is the result of the destructive civil war which ended only in 2002. World Bank’s assistance brought reforms but also allowed local government to become lax. The Ministry of Mineral Resources (Sierra Leone)(MMR) administers the regulations and property rights of the Mines and Minerals Act (Sierra Leone) in 2009. However, licences made by mining companies were only published in 2011. This reflects inefficiency in establishing a legal framework due to time-lag.
It is also questionable whether there are proper corruption-checking mechanisms. Although the Sierra Leone Anti-corruption Commission (ACC) investigates corruption cases, critics have that noted it could merely be a political tool to quieten the government’s political opponents. However, the ACC objects to this and claims it is impartial. Pervasive corruption and unstable political environment stymie Sierra Leone’s economic growth and decrease investors’ confidence in Sierra Leone’s business and political climate.
Mining industry and other Economic Sectors.
Policies regarding well-management of mining industry should be done alongside a broader focus for the economy’s development, and greater efforts should be done to expand the manufacturing and service sector, which currently only contribute 12% to the GDP. Sierra Leone produces raw diamonds but gem-quality diamonds are manufactured in developed countries like Belgium. For example, the government of Sierra Leone can provide greater tax incentives for investors to conduct businesses and invest in Sierra Leone, to facilitate the transfer of technology and skills to the native workers. One recent example is the Gemstone School Sierra Leone, which was established as an institution to improve diamond polishing, cutting and jewelry-manufacturing skills to boost job-training and employment opportunities locally and to attract overseas investors. More efforts from the government and Multi-National Corporations can hence be done in the future to build more diamond-processing facilities and plants in Sierra Leone to boost the diamond mining industry.
Sierra leone is rich in resources

</doc>
<doc id="31036624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036624" title="Frank LoPorto">
Frank LoPorto

Frank LoPorto (born 7 February 1978) is an Australian professional boxer and the current PABA Super Welterweight Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="31036626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036626" title="Women Seeking Women">
Women Seeking Women

Women Seeking Women is a pornographic film series from Girlfriends Films. The series won the AVN Award four years in a row for Best All-Girl Series and is about lesbian sex.
History.
The series was started in 2002 by Girlfriends Films owner Dan O'Connell, who admitted in an article in Adult Video News that he was unsure if the series last very long. "I did not think we would ever get to number 100..." "When we got to 10, I was thinking, 'Should I stop this thing and just go on to something else?' That’s what sort of a forward thinker I was!" said O’Connell in the article. Girlfriends Films has since become the leading producer of lesbian-themed video content.
Milestones.
In December 2013, the series release its 100th volume.

</doc>
<doc id="31036630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036630" title="Makran Coastal Range">
Makran Coastal Range

Makran Coastal Range is a mountain range in the Makran region, in southwestern section of Balochistan Province, in southwestern Pakistan. It is one of three ranges in the mountain ranges system. The range rises to around in elevation.
The Makran Coastal Range is primarily made up of limestone and sandstone. It was formed when the northwestern Indian plate collided with the Asian plate. 
Adjacent ranges.
There are three main ranges in Balochistan: 

</doc>
<doc id="31036642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036642" title="Ahmad Amran">
Ahmad Amran

Ahmad Amran is a Yemeni writer. He has a PhD in mineral exploration and mining. In 2000, he published a short story collection entitled "A New Horizon for a Newer World". A story from that book ("A Poet and a Dancer") was translated into Italian and included in a 2009 anthology of Yemeni literature called "Perle dello Yemen".
Amran lived in Hungary for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="31036643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036643" title="Henry Hammond (disambiguation)">
Henry Hammond (disambiguation)

Henry Hammond was an English churchman.
Henry Hammond may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31036645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036645" title="Andres Cuero">
Andres Cuero

Andres Cuero (born July 8, 1989 in Austin, Texas) is an American soccer player currently playing for Austin Aztex in the USL Premier Development League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Cuero played his college soccer at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, where he was third-team NSCAA All-Mid-Atlantic Region Honors and earned All-Tournament honors after leading the 49ers to tournament titles in the Davidson/Adidas Classic.
During his college career, Cuero played with USL Premier Development League club Austin Aztex U23 during their 2008 and 2009 seasons, and with th DFW Tornados in 2010.
Professional.
Cuero signed his first professional contract in February 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on April 17, 2011 in Wilmington's first game of the 2011 season, a 1-0 win over the Rochester Rhinos, and scored his first professional goal on June 4 in a 4-2 loss to Orlando City.
Cuero re-signed with Wilmington for the 2012 season on December 5, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31036663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036663" title="Harry Hammond (disambiguation)">
Harry Hammond (disambiguation)

Harry Hammond (c. 1932–2002) was a British street evangelist.
Harry Hammond may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31036671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036671" title="St. John's Church, Marchington Woodlands">
St. John's Church, Marchington Woodlands

St. John's Church, Marchington Woodlands is a parish church in Marchington Woodlands, Staffordshire, United Kingdom. Built in 1859, this small Country Church is the only church within the parish of Marchington Woodlands.
History.
The church was built in 1859 and was designed by Mark Parsons.
Churchyard.
The churchyard contains the war grave of a World War I soldier of the Royal Field Artillery.
Today.
The church does not currently have a vicar after the resignation of Rev Dominic Stone in 2010. It lies in the Deanery of Uttoxeter and the archdeaconry of Stoke-on-Trent. The Church is part of the Uttoxeter Area of parishes along with Bramshall, Checkley, Gratwich, Kingstone, Leigh, Marchington, Stramshall, The Heath and Uttoxeter.

</doc>
<doc id="31036675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036675" title="Walter Koch">
Walter Koch

Walter Koch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31036684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036684" title="Harlem Desire">
Harlem Desire

"Harlem Desire" is a single by Europop duo London Boys. It was originally released in 1987 to limited success. As a result the single was released again in 1989 and featured on the album "The Twelve Commandments of Dance". It was written and produced by Ralf René Maué, and its cover artwork features photography from Julian Barton. The single peaked at #17 in the UK.
The B-side "Talk! Talk! Talk!" is a distant reworking of the track "Dance Dance Dance" which also appeared on "The Twelve Commandments of Dance" and was released as a 1987 single. The original 1987 release featured the track "Put a Meaning in my Life" which was written by Django Seelenmeyer and Ralf René Maué.

</doc>
<doc id="31036685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036685" title="Frank A. McClintock">
Frank A. McClintock

Frank A. McClintock (January 2, 1921 – February 20, 2011) of Needham, Massachusetts, was an American mechanical engineer in material science. A pioneer in the study of ductile fracture, McClintock was an Emeritus professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Along with Ali S. Argon in 1966 he co-authered a book titled "Mechanical Behavior of Materials".
"His professional contributions revolutionized the understanding of the fracture process in engineering practice, by introducing a physical and mechanistic perspective emphasizing the plasticity aspects of ductile fracture and fatigue crack propagation."

</doc>
<doc id="31036687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036687" title="Pornchai Mongkhonvanit">
Pornchai Mongkhonvanit

Pornchai Mongkhonvanit () is the president of Siam University and the President Emeritus of the International Association of University Presidents. Concurrently, he is also the chair person of the advisory board of the Association of Universities in Asia and the Pacific as well as a member of the administrative board of the International Association of Universities. He is also a former president of the Association of Private Higher Education Institutions of Thailand and former president of the Thailand chapter of Phi Delta Kappa honors society. He is the recipient of numerous honors including: The Medals of Honors of the International Association of University Presidents, The Medal of Honors from Kyung Hee University and Soka University. He was the recipient of Doctor of Educational Management Honoris Causa from Angeles University Foundation and Doctor of Management Honoris Causa from Philippine Women's University. He received distinguished alumni award from Kasetsart University and Saint Gabriel's College as well as being listed as a notable alumnus in the field of Education from University of Wisconsin-Madison. He is an honorary professor at the Autonomous University of Guadalajara and Guizhou University. He holds a Master of Business Administration in finance, investment, and banking from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, a Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering from Kasetsart University. He received a degree from National Defense College, and has studied at the graduate school of education, Institute of Educational Management, Harvard University.
Pornchai is married to Chollada Jungprasert, a scholar in the field of Hotel Studies and Tourism. They have three children: Kritphong Mongkhonvanit, Chutiporn Mongkhonvanit, and Nichapa Mongkhonvanit.

</doc>
<doc id="31036705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036705" title="David Price (soccer)">
David Price (soccer)

David Price (born August 31, 1971) is a former professional soccer player from Liverpool, England and played professionally in both England and the United States.
Youth playing career.
Price captained both the U19 Merseyside Boys team and Cardinal Heenan Catholic High School who won the Great Britain National Championship in 1990. He had a short spell at Bolton Wanderers but moved to the United States after receiving a full-scholarship to play for the University of Bridgeport. In the college off-season he played for Bridgeport Vasco da Gama who went to the final of the 1992 U.S. Open Cup. He transferred to St. John's Red Storm in 1992 and he won two Big East regular season Championships and two Big East Championship games. He was also captain of the team in 1993. In 1994 he won the U23 National Championship representing New York State.
Professional playing career.
Price played over 200 professional games for three teams in the USISL. He was an All-Star in 1995 with the New Jersey Imperials and an A-League All-Star in 1999 with the Long Island Rough Riders. He reached the final four in 1997 with the Riders and ended his playing career with the New York Freedom. He was captain for all three teams.
Coaching career.
Price is an A license coach and has coached at the Youth, College and Professional levels in the United States. As a Head Coach he has taken four different teams to a combination of five National Championship finals. In doing so he became the first coach in the history of the Eastern New York Youth Soccer Association to lead a team to the National Championships for three consecutive years. As a result he was awarded the bigapplesoccer coach of the Year in 2004 and 2005. In 2006 he was named the New York Red Bulls U20 Head Coach and taken them to a National Championship in the same year. From 2010-2012 he was named the U18 Head Coach and U23 Assistant Coach for the New York Cosmos working under Director of Soccer Eric Cantona. He has been a Director of Coaching for both the New York Freedom and Storm Academy and won a National Championship with both organizations. Price has also worked with Leeds United as Chief Scout for the United States guiding them towards players such as Robbie Rodgers and Michael Grella and owns the Storm Soccer Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31036706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036706" title="Willy Christian Simonsen">
Willy Christian Simonsen

Willy Christian Simonsen (13 September 1913 – 4 December 2003) was a Norwegian engineer and business founder.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of chemist Einar Simonsen (1867–1918) and Alice Sophia Andersen (1877–1969). He finished his secondary education at Hegdehaugen School in 1933, and graduated in electrical engineering from the Dresden University of Technology in 1938. He worked as an engineer for Elektrisk Bureau and Chr. Michelsen Institute. During the German occupation of Norway from 1940 he was involved in the Norwegian resistance movement where he cooperated with fellow engineers Odd Dahl and Helmer H. Dahl to wiretap German forces. This was discovered and Simonsen was arrested by Gestapo, but admitted to Ullevål Hospital from which he escaped. He fled to the United Kingdom, where he started working in the Radio Production Unit of the British War Office. He developed the shortwave radio "Sweetheart".
He was hired as a technical consultant for the Norwegian High Command after the war. In 1947 he started the company Simonsen Radio in Oslo, and in 1957 the company Simonsen & Mustad followed in Horten. He received initial capital from Halfdan and John Mustad. The brand name Simrad became known in the communications business, and was leading in echo sounding equipment. He backed out of these companies in 1968 and started Simonsen Elektro (in Oslo) in 1970 and Simonsen Elektro Løkken (in Løkken Verk). These companies produced automatic cell phones, in the NMT 450 system, and were leading in the Norwegian market until the 1980s.
Simonsen was decorated with the Defence Medal 1940–1945, the UK Defence Medal, the Haakon VII 70th Anniversary Medal and the Order of St. Olav, and has received the Reginald Fessenden Award. He died in December 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31036750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036750" title="Geometric stable distribution">
Geometric stable distribution

A geometric stable distribution or geo-stable distribution is a type of leptokurtic probability distribution. The geometric stable distribution may be symmetric or asymmetric. A symmetric geometric stable distribution is also referred to as a Linnik distribution. The Laplace distribution is a special case of the geometric stable distribution and of a Linnik distribution. The Mittag–Leffler distribution is also a special case of a geometric stable distribution.
The geometric stable distribution has applications in finance theory.
Characteristics.
For most geometric stable distributions, the probability density function and cumulative distribution function have no closed form solution. But a geometric stable distribution can be defined by its characteristic function, which has the form:
where formula_2
formula_3, which must be greater than 0 and less than or equal to 2, is the shape parameter or index of stability, which determines how heavy the tails are. Lower formula_3 corresponds to heavier tails.
formula_5, which must be greater than or equal to −1 and less than or equal to 1, is the skewness parameter. When formula_5 is negative the distribution is skewed to the left and when formula_5 is positive the distribution is skewed to the right. When formula_5 is zero the distribution is symmetric, and the characteristic function reduces to:
The symmetric geometric stable distribution with formula_10 is also referred to as a Linnik distribution. A completely skewed geometric stable distribution, that is with formula_11, formula_12, with formula_13 is also referred to as a Mittag–Leffler distribution. Although formula_5 determines the skewness of the distribution, it should not be confused with the typical skewness coefficient or 3rd standardized moment, which in most circumstances is undefined for a geometric stable distribution.
formula_15 is the scale parameter and formula_16 is the location parameter.
When formula_3 = 2, formula_5 = 0 and formula_16 = 0 (i.e., a symmetric geometric stable distribution or Linnik distribution with formula_3=2), the distribution becomes the symmetric Laplace distribution with mean of 0, which has a probability density function of:
The Laplace distribution has a variance equal to formula_22. However, for formula_23 the variance of the geometric stable distribution is infinite.
Relationship to the stable distribution.
The stable distribution has the property that if formula_24 are independent, identically distributed random variables taken from a stable distribution, the sum formula_25 has the same distribution as the formula_26s for some formula_27 and formula_28.
The geometric stable distribution has a similar property, but where the number of elements in the sum is a geometrically distributed random variable. If formula_29 are independent and identically distributed random variables taken from a geometric stable distribution, the limit of the sum formula_30 approaches the distribution of the formula_26s for some coefficients formula_32 and formula_33 as p approaches 0, where formula_34 is a random variable independent of the formula_26s taken from a geometric distribution with parameter p. In other words:
The distribution is strictly geometric stable only if the sum formula_37 equals the distribution of the formula_26s for some "a".
There is also a relationship between the stable distribution characteristic function and the geometric stable distribution characteristic function. The stable distribution has a characteristic function of the form:
where
The geometric stable characteristic function can be expressed in terms of a stable characteristic function as:

</doc>
<doc id="31036754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036754" title="Motijheel Model High School and College">
Motijheel Model High School and College

Motijheel Model High School and College () is a prominent model school in Bangladesh.
History.
Motijheel Model High School and College (MMHSC) established in 1980, is one of the prominent schools in Dhaka. It was founded by Late Mesbah Uddin Sabu (Bir Bikrom). It has 2 branches: the main branch is situated beside Kamalapur Railway Station and the second branch is situated beside Basabo Fly-over.The college has only one branch in Motijheel.
Number of students.
Currently 8,000+ students are studying there in the school branch of Motijheel. Another 3000 students are studying in the school branch of Basabo. In the college approximately 500 students are studying. In the school branch both boys and girls read. But in the college section only girls can read.
Success.
In 2004,the school ranked third in the ranking of most successful schools on the basis of GPA-5 of SSC exam. In 2008, a student of this school stood first on the scholarship exam. The same year more than 30 students got scholarships. In 2011, on the JSC exam, 293 students got A+ and among them, 27 students got a scholarship. Among those 27 students, 11 got scholarship in the talent pool grade, which is a record. In 2012, on the SSC exam, 848 students got A+ with 99% passing. Many of students are now studying in the best institutions of Bangladesh and World.
Motijheel Model Debating Society (MMDS).
Motiijheel model debating club started its journey in 1980.But due to some problems it was stopped. But again in 2009 some previous students met hands to rebuild this club and arranged an inter house debating competition. Then again in 2011 and 2013 the next two inter house competitions has been arranged. The club has also gained success by doing debates outside.
The club has also got a committee. The committee members are:
President: Hasan Mahmud somrat
Vice President(Administration): Md. Khairuzzaman (Arnab)
Vice President(Debate): Mehedi Hasan
Club Moderator; Anjan Kumar Chokroborty
Main branch.
Motijheel Model High School and College (MMHSC) is situated in Motijheel, Dhaka, Bangladesh. In the main branch, there are the grades started from class five.
Basabo branch.
Motijheel Model High School and College (MMHSC) Basabo Branch is situated in Basabo, Dhaka, Bangladesh. It is beside the Khilgaon flyover. Now it will reconstruct its new building.

</doc>
<doc id="31036760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036760" title="HAL HTT-40">
HAL HTT-40

The Hindustan Turbo Trainer-40 aircraft project is a Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) proposal for an indigenous replacement for the Indian Air Force's retired HPT-32 Deepak as a basic trainer.
Design and development.
The HTT-40 will be an all-metal tandem seat aircraft powered by a turbo-prop engine. In early 2012 the company forecast building 106 examples.
By the middle of 2012 the aircraft's future was in doubt as the Indian Air Force ordered 75 Pilatus PC-7 Mk IIs to fill the role envisioned for the HTT-40. In September 2012 the Air Force indicated that it had formally rejected the HTT-40 for service based on its cost per aircraft being double that of the PC-7 Mk II, a proven aircraft already in service worldwide. An MoD official noted, "We would be willing to pay higher rates to build indigenous capability in strategic defence equipment. But can HAL argue that the capability to build basic trainers is strategically vital[?]"
HAL did not confirm the IAF announcement that it will not buy the HTT-40, nor would the company indicate whether the aircraft's development will be continued. A company spokesman said, "We treat all MOD issues/proposals as confidential...All our projects are conceived with national interest in mind though, at times, some of those take time to fructify".

</doc>
<doc id="31036794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036794" title="Pallathuruthy">
Pallathuruthy

Pallathuruthy is a village in the Kuttanad region, in the district of Alappuzha, in the state of Kerala, India. "Pallathuruthy" is a water bound region surrounded by the Vembanad lake. Also, the "Pallathuruthy Canal" passed through the region. Like much of the rest of Kuttanad, most of the land in "Pallathuruthy" is used for paddy cultivation. It is also a hub for many houseboat operators.

</doc>
<doc id="31036810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036810" title="Richard King (sound designer)">
Richard King (sound designer)

Richard King is an American sound designer and editor who has worked on over 70 films. A native of Tampa, Florida, he graduated from Plant High School (1972) and the University of South Florida. He won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing for the films "" (2003), "The Dark Knight" (2008) and "Inception" (2010) and was also nominated for "War of the Worlds" (2005).
King is a member of the International Samobor Film Music Festival's Board.

</doc>
<doc id="31036819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036819" title="Tejo Power Station (working conditions)">
Tejo Power Station (working conditions)

The entire operation of the Tejo Power Station, as well as the evolution of electricity in the city, was only possible thanks to the work carried out by the people who set all of the machinery in motion, day and night, guaranteeing that the power station never interrupted its production.
Since the city’s consumption of electric power never stops, the boilers could never be idle. Thus it was necessary to create a twenty-four-hour work regime at the Tejo Power Station, with three rotational shifts; from 12am to 8am; from 8am to 4pm; and from 4pm to 12am. Due to the constant increases in the power station’s output and size, it became crucial to hire more workers, especially during war times. In the 1940s, there were approximately 550 workers on the payroll, from the more specialised staff to those with the simplest but more difficult tasks, the latter being in greater number.
Division of labour.
The Tejo Power Station is a highly complex industrial body, and the amount of workers it required demanded a hierarchical labour structure subdivided by room, with the harder work coexisting beside the more bearable tasks. Needless to say, those who worked near the boiler suffered more than those who, for example, controlled it from the control desk.
There were approximately 45 types of jobs in the power station, ranging from work in the plant such as that done by the ‘Alcochetanos’ or the stokers, to work done in the workshops and the electricians in the substation.
Work areas in the power station:
In the square, the power station workers called the ‘Square’s Men’ distributed the coal, ensuring that it reached the boilers’ feed system.
On a regular workday, there would be approximately 16 people on each shift, including foremen, machinery maintenance men and those who controlled the bucket elevators and the scale.
One chief engineer supervised the boilers with two men directly under him. To control the boilers, there was the head operator who, from the control desks, controlled steam production, while the sub-head operator gave instructions from the top of the boiler. Regarding the coal burning, the operator controlled the combustion quality, while the stoker, from behind the boiler, pushed the unburnt coal to be re-burned, thereby clearing the combustion conveyor belt.
Working Conditions.
The Tejo Power Station’s working conditions (as in any thermoelectric power station at the time) were in fact not easy: the work was very hard, which meant a poor quality of life for the workers.
The worst jobs in the power station were unloading coal, working near the boiler, collecting ash, and cleaning the refrigeration channels and ash pans.
The operators were located near the boilers and were in charge of supervising and controlling the coal levels on the combustion conveyor belt by opening or moving the silos, ensuring a regular distribution of coal and moving the combustion conveyor at a faster or slower pace. The stokers were situated at the back of the boiler, pushing the unburnt coal back to the middle of the combustion belt. This was an extremely arduous job, one of the worst in the power station, since they had to endure the intense heat of the entire room, facing an opening in the furnace that brought the heat to extreme levels, constantly breathing the coal combustion by-products, such as smoke and boiler slag.
But worse still was the work carried out on the floor beneath the boilers, in the ash section. Collecting ash is the most gruelling job of all, carried out in an environment where the temperatures in the power station reached the highest, filled with fumes and red-hot boiler slag and ash that had to be collected, often manually, and taken to the Praça do Carvão in trolleys to be unloaded in the Ash Skip. Taking the ash outside made these people’s working conditions even worse due to the difference in temperatures inside and outside the power station.
These three jobs deserve special attention because the work, effort and often life-threatening risks made it possible to produce electric power that the workers themselves never had the chance to enjoy. Thanks to them and all of the other workers, it was possible to bring power to Lisbon’s factories and to the higher classes in the city’s more affluent neighbourhoods.
Social Aspects.
The "Companhias Reunidas de Gás e Electricidade" (CRGE – United Gas and Electric Companies) implemented a social policy for their workers, since this was one of the largest companies in Portugal, employing thousands of workers all over the country. Among the most important work carried out in Lisbon, were the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31036839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036839" title="Howard O. McMahon">
Howard O. McMahon

Dr. Howard O. McMahon was Science Director, Vice President, Head of the Research and Development Division, and then President of Arthur D. Little, Inc, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, retiring from the Company in 1977. He made important contributions to the field of cryogenics as inventor, research scientist and engineer during the 1940s through the 1960s, and subsequently as an executive and member of the Board of Directors of both ADL and the Helix Technology Corporation, of Waltham, Massachusetts. McMahon, born in Alberta, Canada, was a naturalized citizen of the United States.
Awards.
1951 Edward Longstreth Medal, Franklin Institute 
1952 Frank Forrest Award, American Ceramic Society 
1979 Samuel C. Collins Award, Cryogenic Engineering Conference
Biography.
McMahon’s parents, Thomas Alexander McMahon and Tryphena Oldford McMahon, moved their family of five children from the prairie province of Alberta to the city of Victoria, in British Columbia, in the mid-1920s. McMahon attended Victoria College there for two years and then went on to earn his B.A. and M.A. degrees at the University of British Columbia, in Vancouver. During his undergraduate years, in the depth of the Great Depression, when his parents were unable to help pay his college tuition, he developed and patented a device later used in bubbling Christmas tree candle lights. The sale of the patent to a Canadian neon sign company for $100 enabled him to return to college, as he later told an interviewer.
For his doctoral work at M.I.T., McMahon worked in the laboratory of Samuel C. Collins, chemist and professor of mechanical engineering, who became McMahon’s mentor. Prof. Collins brought in a very substantial grant from the National Defense Research Committee at the outset of World War II to work on a project to liquefy oxygen “for use on high-flying aircraft,” along with other defense-related work.
After receiving his Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry in 1941, McMahon continued at M.I.T. as a research associate, and joined Dr. Collins in working on the development of a small, portable oxygen machine for the Office for Scientific Research and Development, with funding from the Navy Department. Earl Stevenson, then president of Arthur D. Little, Inc., had recruited Collins and McMahon for this work. When McMahon was hired at ADL in 1943, he continued to collaborate with Dr. Collins on the application of very low temperatures to liquefying gases. Between 1945 and 1947 the Collins Helium Cryostat was engineered and became available for research laboratories. As reported in November 1947,
A 1948 Life Magazine spread on “Absolute Zero,” featuring the Collins Helium Cryostat, publicized both the technological feat of creating a safe and relatively inexpensive apparatus for approaching absolute zero, and the expected industrial and research uses of the machine.
Collins and McMahon both received medals from the Franklin Institute of Philadelphia in September 1951 for their collaborative work on the Collins Helium Cryostat.
In an interview many years later, McMahon said that “One of the first large-scale applications of cryogenic engineering was liquefying hydrogen for the original hydrogen bomb. Until that time, liquid hydrogen had been just a laboratory curiosity. We had to dream up the way to do it.” McMahon was also one of a number of Arthur D. Little scientists and engineers who were employed in supporting roles when the U.S. government was completing development of the first hydrogen bomb at the Los Alamos laboratory of the Atomic Energy Commission in 1952. According to journalist E. J. Kahn, Jr., whose history of the Arthur D. Little Company was based in part on interviews with current and former members of the company, ADL had a contract with the Atomic Energy Commission “to design, manufacture, field test, and operate” special aluminum-foil lined tank trucks that could safely carry hazardous materials. McMahon was one of the ADL staff that accompanied the trucks to Los Alamos for testing. He was also present at the first test explosion of the hydrogen bomb on Eniwetok Atoll, in the Marshall Islands in the Pacific, in October 1952.
In the late 1950s, with an ADL colleague, William E. Gifford, McMahon co-developed the Gifford-McMahon cryogenic refrigerator, based on “a unique method of reliably providing closed-cycle refrigeration at temperatures below 10 degrees Kelvin (-452 degrees Fahrenheit).”. These refrigerators had a variety of applications for further scientific research and technology, and the Gifford-McMahon refrigeration cycle on which they were based became an important standard for the semiconductor industry. Another application was “in support of the early U.S. space program,” when the Gifford-McMahon refrigerator “was used initially to cool microwave amplifiers in ground stations for satellite communications.”.
In the 1960s, as McMahon rose from the research laboratory through the ranks at ADL into managerial positions, the company at the same time increased the proportion of its consulting work that was devoted to a wide variety of management problems brought to it by clients that included corporations, municipalities and governments outside the U.S.; By 1966, in addition to employing 1,300 staff in the Cambridge headquarters, ADL had another 100 employees in branch offices in Zurich, London and Brussels. In his position as President of ADL, McMahon became increasingly visible in public discussions of the relationship of science and technology to social change.
For example, he served on a National Academy of Sciences committee studying environmental pollution during 1966, participated in a well-publicized seminar on air pollution in February that year, and was interviewed on the costs of pollution cleanup when the report came out in May;.
In 1969 he presided as the general chair at the 136th meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, in Boston, at which lively and contentious public discussion took place regarding the roles of science, technology and industry creating as well as potentially alleviating social, economic and political problems in the U.S. and the world. According to one interview-based account, “It was largely on McMahon’s initiative that students and young scientists were invited for the first time to organize a formal critique of science. ‘We knew we were taking risks,’ he said, ‘but we thought it would be worth it.’ At the end of the week, after it was all over, he still thought it had been worth it. ‘The activists prodded the scientists into a greater sense of urgency over the issues of the day—the quality of life, the arms race, population control, hunger, our national scientific priorities. Coupled with the alarming content of many of the sessions, their persistent questioning had a powerful effect.’” 
One of a series of presentations he made at M.I.T. during these years was as a panelist at a seminar held by the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics, on the topic “The Engineering Profession and Social Change,” February 9, 1971.
In 1967, the manufacture of the ADL-Collins Helium Cryostat, originally carried out by a special Division within ADL, was turned over to an ADL subsidiary which soon became an independent company called Cryogenic Technology, Inc. McMahon became Chair of the Board of Directors of the new company in 1972. When McMahon stepped down as ADL President in early 1972, he devoted much of his energy to helping guide the development of new cryogenic products by CTI and its parent company, Helix Technology Corporation.
In the mid 1970s, a cryogenic vacuum pump based on the Gifford-McMahon refrigeration cycle, making possible the processing of silicon wafers for the new microelectronics industry in clean, high-vacuum chambers, was developed at Helix. “Subsequently, the Gifford-McMahon cryogenic refrigeration cycle became the industry standard refrigeration cycle for cryopump applications in the rapidly growing semiconductor industry.”.
McMahon served as a Director of Helix from its inception, and chaired its Board from 1974 to 1979.
At the time of his death in 1990, McMahon held 22 patents and was recognized as an important pioneer in the development of the new field of cryogenics, through his scientific research and, equally importantly, his ability to envision and create practical technological applications for scientific innovations.
Ph.D. Thesis 
"A Flow Calorimeter for the Determination of Joule-Thomson Coefficients and Specific Heats of Gases." Massachusetts Institute of Technology, June 1941. Samuel C. Collins, Thesis Advisor.
Publications 
Howard Oldford McMahon and Melville J. Marshall (1944). "The Molecular Complexity of Some Gases in High Frequency Dischanger." Journal of the Electrochemical Society, Vol. 84, Issue 1. 
Allen Latham, Jr. and Howard O. McMahon (November 1947). "Research at Low Temperatures Simplified by a New Cryostat." The Nucleus, pp. 47, 51. 
H. O. McMahon (1950). Thermal Radiation from Partially Transparent Reflecting Bodies." Journal of the Optical Society of America, pp. 40, 376. 
Howard O. McMahon (March 1951). "Thermal Radiation Characteristics of Some Glasses." Journal of American Ceramic Society, Vol. 34, Issue 3, pp. 91–96. 
Howard O. McMahon (September–October 1957). "Superconductivity: Its Application to Electric Circuits." Electromechanical Design, pp. 98–102. 
Albert E. Slade and Howard O. McMahon (June 1957). "A Cryotron Catalog Memory System." Proceedings of Eastern Joint Computer Conference, pp. 115–120.
Patents:
2,429,474 Apparatus for Determining the Vapor Content of a Gas 
2,494,304 Differential Boiler 
2,537,276 Heat Exchanger (H.O.M. et al.) 
2,553,550 Control for Oxygen Producing Apparatus - co-inventor Samuel C. Collins 
2,607,572 Packed Column for Contacting Two Fluid Phases 
2,620,573 Low-Pressure Product Drying 
2,662,520 Preservation and Storage of Biological Materials 
2,680,352 Apparatus and Method for Pumping Liquefied Gaseous Fluids 
2,906,101 Fluid Expansion Refrigeration Method and Apparatus (H.O.M. & William E. Gifford) 
2,938,356 Method and Means for Controlling Temperature Adjacent Living Bodies 
2,958,836 Multiple-Characteristic Superconductive Wire 
2,975,604 Method of Distribution of Condensable Gases 
2,986,891 Low-Temperature Vessels 
3,026,190 Elastomer Bonded Abrasives (H.O.M. & Paul C. Watson) 
3,045,436 Pneumatic Expansion Method and Apparatus (William E. Gifford & H.O.M.) 
3,062,968 Electric Current Control Circuit 
3,106,648 Superconductive Data Processing Devices (H.O.M. & Albert E. Slade) 
3,108,872 Photo-Thermolytical Vesicular Composition 
3,149,299 Electronic Devices and Process for Forming Same (H.O.M. & John L. Miles) 
3,234,747 Crystal Forming and Melting by Varying Applied Pressure (H.O.M. & George Feick III)

</doc>
<doc id="31036841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036841" title="Paul Nicholson (footballer)">
Paul Nicholson (footballer)

Paul Nicholson (born 10 August 1986 in Whitehaven) is an English footballer currently playing for Wilmington Hammerheads in the USL Professional Division.
Career.
College and amateur.
Nicholson moved from his native England to the United States in 2005 after accepting a scholarship to play college soccer at the University of Rio Grande. He was selected a first team All-American in 2008 and first team All-AMC. Nicholson was named in the All Tournament team for the 2008 NAIA Tournament and was tabbed the tournament’s Most Valuable Defensive Player. He was honorable mention All-AMC in 2007 and was on the second team in 2006.
During his college career, Nicholson also played with USL Premier Development League club West Virginia Chaos during their 2009 season. He also appeared for USL PDL club GPS Portland Phoenix during their 2010 season.
Professional.
Nicholson signed his first professional contract in February 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on 17 April 2011 in Wilmington's first game of the 2011 season, a 1–0 win over the Rochester Rhinos, and scored his first professional goal on 29 April, in a 3–2 win over the Pittsburgh Riverhounds.
Wilmington re-signed Nicholson for the 2012 season on February 13, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31036863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036863" title="Playout247">
Playout247

Playout247 is a provider of networked broadcast automation services for all types of broadcasting: Satellite, Cable and Internet. Like other UK based broadcast transmission services, notably Technicolor SA and Red Bee, Playout247 provides digital transmission monitoring, BSKYB EPG publishing, OfCom compliance recording and redundancy back up. Situated in London, playout247 has a worldwide partner network. The company transmits over 24 channels on the SKY TV network and more than 38 streamed channels on the Internet. Research online reveals that clients include RT, and Renault TV. Both channels are broadcast on the SKY platform and online. The company has a corporate responsibility programme and supports several charities including Human Being Best.
Playout247 offer the following services:
The company is part of a group of companies, that comprises Playout247, Vision IPTV and Soho Data. The Company is privately owned.
History.
Playout247 was founded in 2005 by its chairman, Matt Vidmar and CEO Petra Oblak. In 2006 Playout247 launched their IPTV head-end and IPTV Portal hosting service. In May 2008 Playout247 announced the launch of 7 channels across Europe on the Kabel Kiosk platform in partnership with MME (Music Media Enterprises).
Later in 2008 Playout247 and Playbox formed a partnership to deliver an IP and satellite combined playout operation in central London. The service would support 24 conventional satellite channels and 38 Internet channels at full satellite broadcast quality and was the culmination of a two year development project. In September 2010, on the back of a 40% growth in revenues, Playout247 announced a major investment programme that would more than double this capacity taking it up to 60 channels.
In October 2010 Playout247 and sister company Vision IPTV won the playout account for Renault TV with Publicis Media.
In February 2011 announced the completion of two studios designed to deliver a single solution for live streaming and satellite playout.

</doc>
<doc id="31036879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036879" title="North Bohemia">
North Bohemia

North Bohemia (, ), is a region in the north of the Czech Republic.
Location.
North Bohemia roughly covers the present-day NUTS regional unit of "CZ04 Severozápad" and the western part of "CZ05 Severovýchod". 
From an administrative perspective, North Bohemia is made up of the present day Ústí nad Labem Region ("Ústecký kraj"), Karlovy Vary Region ("Karlovarský kraj") and Liberec Region ("Liberecký kraj").
In German language usage the term North Bohemia or "Nordböhmen" often refers to that part of the Sudetenland once mainly populated by Germans in North Czechia between Karlsbad in the west and the Giant Mountains in the east.
Geography and nature.
North Bohemia is divided into many landscape areas including the Ore Mountains, the Czech Switzerland national park, Mácha’s Country, the Lusatian Mountains and Ještěd Ridge, Frýdlantsko and the Jizera Mountains. It is a popular tourist destination, much of which had been inaccessible until recently. 
The Jizera and Lusatian Mountains are protected landscape areas. The summits of the Jizera Mountains climb to heights of about 1,000 metres above sea level, and the region’s peat bogs have been opened up with interconnecting educational trails. The national nature reserve of the Jizera Mountain Beechwood Forest (Jizerskohorské bučiny) contains the largest beech woodland in the Czech Republic, covering .
Major cities and towns in North Bohemia include Česká Lípa, Děčín, Jablonec nad Nisou, Liberec, Litoměřice, Most and Teplice.
Historic administrative unit.
In the administrative system of the former Czechoslovakia there was a North Bohemia province ("Severočeský kraj") from 1960-1990 that consisted of the present-day region of Ústí nad Labem and parts of Liberecký kraj.

</doc>
<doc id="31036887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036887" title="Immersive virtual musical instrument">
Immersive virtual musical instrument

An immersive virtual musical instrument, or immersive virtual environment for music and sound, represents sound processes and their parameters as 3D entities of a virtual reality so that they can be perceived not only through auditory feedback but also visually in 3D and possibly through tactile as well as haptic feedback, using 3D interface metaphors consisting of interaction techniques such as navigation, selection and manipulation (NSM). It builds on the trend in electronic musical instruments to develop new ways to control sound and perform music such as explored in conferences like NIME.
State of the art.
Florent Berthaut created a variety of 3D reactive widgets involving novel representations of musical events and sound, that required a special 3D input device to interact with them using adapted 3D interaction techniques. 
Jared Bott created an environment that used 3D spatial control techniques as used in known musical instruments, with symbolic 2D visual representation of musical events.
Richard Polfreman made a 3D virtual environment for musical composition with visual representations of musical and sound data similar to 2D composition environments but placed in a 3D space.
Leonel Valbom created a 3D immersive virtual environment with visual 3D representations of musical events and audio spatialization with which could be interacted using NSM interaction techniques.
Teemu Mäki-Patola explored interaction metaphors based on existing musical instruments as seen in his Virtual Xylophone, Virtual Membrane, and Virtual Air Guitar implementations. 
Sutoolz from su-Studio Barcelona was the first experiment to use real time 3D video games technology to allow live performer to construct and play
a fully audio visual immersive environment.
Axel Mulder explored the sculpting interaction metaphor by creating a 3D virtual environment that allowed interaction with abstract deformable shapes, such as a sheet and a sphere, which parameters were mapped to sound effects in innovative ways. The work focused on proving the technical feasibility of 3D virtual musical instruments. Gestural control was based on 3D object manipulation such as a subset of prehension.
Early work was done by Jaron Lanier with his Chromatophoria band and separately by Niko Bolas who developed the Soundsculpt Toolkit, a software interface that allows the world of music to communicate with the graphical elements of virtual reality.

</doc>
<doc id="31036888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036888" title="A Postcognitive Negation">
A Postcognitive Negation

A Postcognitive Negation: The Sadomasochistic Dialectic of American Psychology is a book written by Dr. Matthew Giobbi. It was published in 2010 by Atropos Press, NYC/Dresden. The text was edited by Wolfgang Schirmacher.

</doc>
<doc id="31036922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036922" title="Solithromycin">
Solithromycin

Solithromycin (formerly known as CEM-101 and OP-1068) is a novel ketolide antibiotic undergoing clinical development for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) and other infections. It is expected to be the first macrolide antibiotic available in intravenous, oral, and pediatric suspension formulations in over 20 years.
Solithromycin exhibits excellent "in vitro" activity against a broad spectrum of Gram-positive respiratory tract pathogens, including macrolide-resistant strains. Solithromycin has activity against a wide variety of pathogens, and further research is being conducted for other infections.
Structure.
X-ray crystallography studies have shown solithromycin, the first fluoroketolide in clinical development, has a third region of interactions with the bacterial ribosome, as compared with two binding sites for other ketolides.
The only currently marketed ketolide, telithromycin, suffers from rare, but serious side effects. Recent studies have shown this to be likely due to the presence of the pyridine-imidazole group of the telithromycin side chain acting as an antagonist towards various nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. Since solithromycin, like azithromycin and clarithromycin, lacks this chemical moiety, it is not expected to cause the adverse events seen with Ketek (telithromycin).

</doc>
<doc id="31036944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036944" title="Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Award Party">
Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Award Party

The Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Award Party is an annual party held every year in Los Angeles, California since 1993, following the Academy Awards ceremony. The first party was held in February 1993 at Maple Drive Restaurant and raised $300,000. It had been produced by Patrick Lippert, an AIDS activist who died of the disease just months later. In recent years it has been held at the Pacific Design Center and was attended by 650 people in 2009. It is hosted by Elton John and the AIDS Foundation, and is one of most high-profile parties in the Hollywood film industry, particularly for people of British origin working in Hollywood films or the entertainment industry. The annual party contributes to the foundation fund by its high priced ticket sales which are given by invitation only ($3500 or £2400 as of 2009) and a celebrity auction. The 2010 party raised over $8 million or £4 million.

</doc>
<doc id="31036975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036975" title="Herbert Widmayer">
Herbert Widmayer

Herbert Widmayer (17 November 1913 – 31 July 1998) was a German football player and manager. He was the younger brother of Werner Widmayer.

</doc>
<doc id="31036980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036980" title="Storm Master">
Storm Master

Storm Master is a 1991 video game for the Amiga, Atari ST and PC, produced by the now-defunct French developer Silmarils, which placed the player as the head of government for a fictional semi-medieval country.
Similarly to most of the games produced by Silmarils, Storm Master took place on a European-fantasy world. Gameplay revolved around the governance and management of the country of Eolia in an ongoing war against its neighbour, Shaarkania, with the ultimate goal of sacking (and, by inference, destroying) all enemy cities.
The game was notable for a blend of turn-based strategy interspersed with live-action battles. This took the form of aerial battles against enemy air fleets or air defences and required the player to launch ballistic missiles against enemy ships or batteries. Other real-time elements of the game involved the player conducting a religious ceremony with the goal of increasing the natural wind energy of the nation. This element of gameplay was further enhanced by requiring the player to dispatch government ministers around the country to develop or industrialise various aspects of the state. The game was further noted by Amiga Action as having an innovative 'advance through time' feature, allowing the player some control over the rate at which time passed in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="31036990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31036990" title="Trevor Blumas">
Trevor Blumas

Trevor Blumas (born October 16, 1984) is a Canadian television and film actor and singer-songwriter.
Early life and career.
Blumas was born in London, Ontario, Canada. Trevor Blumas went to school at the Lester B. Pearson School for the Arts, studying drama, music, dance, and art. Blumas was part of the Original Kids Theatre Company in Ontario alongside Rachel McAdams, and Amber Marshall. He was nominated in 1999 Young Artist Award for "Best Performance", for his performance in "Stranger in Town". Blumas co-starred in the Disney film "Ice Princess" (2005) alongside Michelle Trachtenberg. Blumas studied film at Santa Monica College and is currently completing an honors degree in cinema studies and art history at the University of Toronto.
Music.
As a teenager, Blumas took a break from acting to form the reggae band "Staylefish." The band went onto to receive minor success around the Canadian college circuit, before Trevor left for Los Angeles to pursue his acting career. After re-locating back to Toronto, he started Corduroy (or Whatever Happened to Corduroy?) an indie-rock group that independently released a series of PWYC demo ep's they dubbed Demoroy's. Corduroy's music recently appeared in an online campaign for Chevrolet and in an episode of Degrassi: The Next Generation. Corduroy eventually dissolved in 2010. Trevor is currently working on Doom Squad, an electronic music project he started with his two sisters Jaclyn and Allie. In early 2011, Doom Squad released their debut EP entitled "Land O' The Silver Birch" and subsequently set out on a west coast tour to promote it.

</doc>
<doc id="31037007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037007" title="Artur Gold">
Artur Gold

Artur (Arthur) Gold (born 17 March 1897, Warsaw, died 1943 in Treblinka) was a Polish Jewish violinist and dance-music composer during the Interbellum. He closely collaborated with his brother Henryk Gold and with Jerzy Petersburski with whom he arranged music for his famous ensembles; they were among the most popular composers in interwar Poland and many of their hits were sung throughout the whole country. Gold ran an orchestra in the "Qui Pro Quo" theater (1922) and in the Warsaw "Adria" night club (1931–1939).
Life.
Artur Gold was the second son of Michał Gold, a musician in the Warsaw Opera; when Michał died an uncle took Artur to England, where he received his musical education. He later returned to Warsaw and played there for various venues including nightclubs. Some of his noted compositions were the foxtrot "Gdy Petersburski razem z Goldem gra" ("When Petersburski and Gold play together") (1926), the tango "Gdy w ogrodzie botanicznym" ("While in the botanical garden"), "Jesienne róże" ("Autumn roses"), "Nie odchodź ode mnie" (Don't walk away from me), "Nie wierzę ci" ("I don't trust you'"), "Jaśminy" (Jasmine), "Kwiaciarka z Barcelony" (Flower girl from Barcelona), "Oczy czarne" (Black Eyes), "Ostatni jeszcze," and others. Most of the lyrics were by Andrzej Włast.
Artur Gold also performed with English orchestras in the 1920s and recorded for Columbia records. In the 1930s he also recorded several albums for the Polish "Odeon" record company.
Treblinka extermination camp.
After the German and Soviet invasion on Poland in September 1939, Artur Gold was forced into the newly created Warsaw Ghetto, in which he played with an orchestra. He was deported by the Germans with thousands of fellow inmates who boarded the Holocaust trains at the Umschlagplatz in Warsaw, destined for the gas chambers of German Treblinka extermination camp. He was not killed upon arrival there in 1942. He played for the Nazis in their casino, at least on one occasion dressed as a clown. He was murdered in 1943 in Treblinka. According to recollections of some of the Treblinka survivors Gold might have been killed during the uprising at Treblinka which occurred on 2 August 1943.
The melody of his song "Chodź na Pragę (Come to Praga)" (1930) is currently played as a Hejnał of the Warsaw borough of Praga, each day at noon.

</doc>
<doc id="31037021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037021" title="Postcognitive psychology">
Postcognitive psychology

Postcognitive psychology is the postmodern condition of a psychology yet to come as proposed by theorist Matthew Giobbi. The term postcognitive was first used in Giobbi's book A Postcognitive Negation: The Sadomasochistic Dialectic of American Psychology. Psychologists and theorists have discussed the post-cognitive which Giobbi differentiates by exclusion of the -. Giobbi's postcognitive is a folding upon itself in a non-linear fashion which transcends the narrative function of the -, thus leaving the field on a plateau of new ways of doing psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="31037032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037032" title="Rainy River (Motueka)">
Rainy River (Motueka)

The Rainy River is a river of the southern Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its sources north of Saint Arnaud, reaching the Motupiko River east of the Hope Saddle. The Motupiko River is a tributary of the Motueka River

</doc>
<doc id="31037033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037033" title="Chris Allman">
Chris Allman

Chris Allman (born 1969) was born in Burlington, North Carolina. He was the original tenor for Greater Vision, joining in 1990 with fellow Cathedral Quartet members Gerald Wolfe and Mark Trammell. He departed in 1995 to focus on other areas of ministry, also serving as a pastor. He rejoined Greater Vision in April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31037037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037037" title="Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation, University of Portsmouth">
Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation, University of Portsmouth

The ICG is a research institute at the University of Portsmouth devoted to topics in cosmology, galaxy evolution and gravitation. It has nearly 50 staff, post-docs and students working on subjects from inflation in the early Universe to understanding the stellar populations in galaxies.
Research at the Institute is supported by grants from STFC (the UK Science and Technology Facilities Council), the Royal Society and the European Union.
History.
The Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation, or ICG, was established as an independent research department by the University of Portsmouth in January 2002. It was formed from members of the Relativity and Cosmology Group that had been set up by Prof David Matravers, head of the School of Mathematical Studies at the University of Portsmouth, following the arrival of Roy Maartens as a lecturer in 1994. David Wands joined the group as a research fellow in 1996. 
The group won their first major research grant from PPARC (the UK Particle Physics and Astronomy Research Council) in 1998 to study the evolution of cosmological structure. In the UK Research Assessment Exercise in 2001 (RAE2001) research submitted by the group was awarded a grade 5, recognising the international excellence of their work in applied mathematics, and leading to the establishment of the ICG the next year. Bob Nichol joined the ICG from Carnegie Mellon University (Pittsburgh) in 2004 initiating a research programme in observational cosmology. 
In the 2008 UK government Research Assessment Exercise (RAE2008), 75% of the ICG research was judged to be "Internationally Excellent" or better (3* or 4* status, with 4* being the highest). This ranking places the ICG in the top 6 Applied Maths groups in the UK. 
In 2009 the Institute moved from offices in Mercantile House to purpose-built rooms for nearly 50 researchers on the top floor of the Dennis Sciama Building. The building was officially opened by the Astronomer Royal, and former student of Dennis Sciama, Prof Martin Rees.
Roy Maartens was the director of the ICG from January 2002 until October 2010 when he took up a Square Kilometre Array research chair at the University of the Western Cape, South Africa, dividing his time between Portsmouth (30%) and Cape Town (70%). Since October 2010 the directors of the ICG are Bob Nichol and David Wands.
Resources.
The ICG is a member of the following projects:
In addition, the University of Porstmouth is home to the SCIAMA supercomputer

</doc>
<doc id="31037041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037041" title="Pentax DA 40mm lens">
Pentax DA 40mm lens

The SMC Pentax-DA 40mm f/2.8 Limited lens is a pancake lens for the Pentax K-mount. At only 0.6 in (15 mm) long, it was the smallest lens made by Pentax until the 40mm XS lens was introduced. The lens has a 35mm equivalent focal length of 60mm; it is part of the Limited series of high-performance compact lenses.
SMC Pentax-DA 40mm f/2.8 XS.
The SMC Pentax-DA 40mm f/2.8 XS is an even thinner version of the DA 40mm lens, at 0.36 inches thick. It features an aesthetic design by Marc Newson to match the Pentax K-01.

</doc>
<doc id="31037045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037045" title="Frescheville Holles">
Frescheville Holles

Sir Frescheville Holles (8 June 1642 – 28 May 1672) was an English Royal Navy officer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1666 to 1672. He was killed in action fighting in the Anglo-Dutch war.
Holles was the son of Gervase Holles and his second wife Elizabeth Molesworth. His father was MP for Grimsby. Holles was a major in the Westminster militia and commanded a privateer called the Panther. He was recommended him for the navy by George Monck, 1st Duke of Albemarle. He lost an arm at the Four Days Fight in 1666 while commanding HMS "Antelope". He was knighted subsequently. 
In 1667, Holles was elected Member of Parliament for Grimsby in the Cavalier Parliament. In March 1672, he and Sir Robert Holmes sailed from Portsmouth and attacked the Dutch Smyrna convoy in the English Channel on its return home. This foray had official sanction and led to the Third Dutch War. Holles was in command of HMS "Cambridge" at the Battle of Solebay on 28 May 1672 when he was killed at the age of 29. He was given a funeral in Westminster Abbey and was buried in St Edmund's chapel in an unmarked grave.
Holles married Jane Crome (née Lewis).

</doc>
<doc id="31037049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037049" title="Beyond51">
Beyond51

Beyond51 (full name Beyond51 Productions) is an Oslo-based Norwegian music production house and record label. Beyond51 was established on the 26th June 2008 by producers Kjetil Helgesen and Victor Eugen Forberg-Skogeng. Soon after, Marcus Ulstad Nilsen and Andreas Sjo Engen joined the party which forms todays team.
Beyond51 Productions is most famous for writing the music and producing the winning Norwegian entry to the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest in Düsseldorf, Germany performed by Kenyan-Norwegian artist Stella Mwangi and titled "Haba Haba" in collaboration with Big City. The bilingual English/Swahili song won the Norwegian nomination process during the Melodi Grand Prix festival in 2011. 
In 2014 Beyond51 also won the Romanian ESC finals with the song "Miracle", performed by Paula Seeling & Ovi. Recorded, co-written and produced by Beyond51.

</doc>
<doc id="31037052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037052" title="Anjem">
Anjem

Anjem is a male given name.

</doc>
<doc id="31037058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037058" title="Ahmad Mahfuz Umar">
Ahmad Mahfuz Umar

Ahmad Mahfuz Umar (Arabic: أحمد محفوظ عمر ; born in Aden in 1936) is a Yemeni writer. He is considered to be one of the pioneering figures of modern Yemeni literature and was a co-founder of the Yemeni Writers' Union. At an early age, he won a short story competition organised by the journal Al-Nahdah with his story "Murdi'at al-atfal" (1956). His stories often deal with life in the big city and similar gritty themes. He has published several collections of short fiction, including "Al-indhar al-mumazzaq" (1960), "Al-agras al-samita" (1974), "Ya ahl hadha al-jabal" (1978) and "Al-nab al-azraq" (1980).
Umar's work has been translated into Italian and was included in a 2009 anthology of Yemeni literature called "Perle dello Yemen".

</doc>
<doc id="31037086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037086" title="Alessandro Paparoni">
Alessandro Paparoni

Alessandro Paparoni (born 17 August 1981 in San Severino Marche) is an Italian volleyball player. He is a gold medalist of European Championship 2005. He has been playing for Lube Banca Macerata since 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31037088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037088" title="Peter Madden (lawyer)">
Peter Madden (lawyer)

Peter Madden is a Belfast solicitor. He is a member of the Law Society Council and chairman of the Criminal Law Committee. He is also a member of the Access to Justice Committee and an executive member of the Solicitor's Criminal Bar Association which recently appointed Peter as one of the coordinators in the Association's Legal Aid Coordinating Group
Madden is the Managing Partner in Madden & Finucane.
Background.
Peter Madden headed up the Legal Team which represented the majority of the deceased and wounded at the Bloody Sunday Inquiry. He was nominated as Human Rights Lawyer of the Year 2000 by Liberty/Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="31037110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037110" title="Matteo Martino">
Matteo Martino

Matteo Martino (born January 28, 1987 in Alessandria) is an Italian volleyball player. He finished 4th with his team at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Since 2014 he has been playing for French club Montpellier UC.

</doc>
<doc id="31037122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037122" title="John Coleman (musician)">
John Coleman (musician)

John Coleman (sometimes credited as John A. Coleman) is a British conductor and music arranger.
Career.
Coleman started his work as a conductor in 1968 in Val Guest's film Assignment K. He then became music supervisor for the films The Strange Affair and Negatives and then became musical director for The Les Dawson Show. Coleman has conducted the United Kingdom entries for the Eurovision Song Contest on five occasions: 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31037135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037135" title="Lightspeed (magazine)">
Lightspeed (magazine)

Lightspeed is an online fantasy and science fiction magazine edited and published by John Joseph Adams. The first issue was published in June 2010 and it has maintained a regular monthly schedule since. The magazine currently publishes four original stories and four reprints in every issue, in addition to interviews with the authors and other nonfiction. All of the content published in each issue is available for purchase as an ebook and for free on the magazine's website. "Lightspeed" also makes selected stories available as a free podcast, produced by Audie Award-winning editor Stefan Rudnicki.
History.
"Lightspeed" was founded and run as a science fiction magazine by publisher Sean Wallace of Prime Books with John Joseph Adams as editor. Wallace also published "Lightspeed"'s sister companion "Fantasy Magazine"; Adams came on as editor of "Fantasy Magazine" with the March 2011 issue. "Lightspeed" became an SFWA-qualifying market in July of 2011.
In November of 2011 Adams purchased "Lightspeed" and "Fantasy Magazine" from Wallace. With the January 2012 issue, the first published under Adams's ownership, the content of both magazines was combined under the "Lightspeed" masthead, and "Fantasy Magazine" was discontinued as an entity. The "Fantasy Magazine" staff was also absorbed into "Lightspeed". 
In September 2013, "Lightspeed" announced their first Special Issue, titled "Women Destroy Science Fiction", an anthology entirely written and edited by women. This issue was funded via Kickstarter, earning $53,136 with an original goal of $5,000. The additional funds allowed "Lightspeed" to publish further volumes, entitled "Women Destory Fantasy" and "Women Destroy Horror."
Awards and recognition.
"Lightspeed" was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine in 2011 and 2012, and in 2011 its podcast was awarded a Parsec award for Maggie Clark's "Saying the Names."
In 2010 two Lightspeed stories were finalists for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story: Adam-Troy Castro's "Arvies" and Vylar Kaftan's "I'm Alive, I Love You, I'll See You in Reno" and in 2011 "Amaryllis" by Carrie Vaughn was a finalist for the Hugo Award for Best Short story In 2011, Adam-Troy Castro's "Her Husband's Hands" and Tom Crosshill's "Mama, We are Zhenya, Your Son" were finalists for the Best Short Story Nebula, while Jake Kerr's "The Old Equations" was nominated for Best Novella. In 2012, Maria Dahvana Headley's "Give Her Honey When You Hear Her Scream" and Ken Liu's "The Bookmaking Habits of Select Species" were both finalists for the Best Short Story Nebula. In 2014, Ken Liu's "The Litigation Master and the Monkey King" and Christopher Barzak's "Paranormal Romance" were both finalists for the Best Novelette Nebula. In 2014, Matthew Kressel's "The Sounds of Old Earth" and Sylvia Spruck Wrigley's "Alive, Alive Oh" were both finalists for the Best Short Story Nebula. 
Several stories printed in the magazine have been reprinted in anthologies devoted to recognizing excellence in the genre:

</doc>
<doc id="31037141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037141" title="William Mann (mathematician)">
William Mann (mathematician)

William Robert Mann (21 September 1920 – 20 January 2006) was a mathematician from Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Mann worked in mathematical analysis. He was the discoverer and eponym of the Mann iteration, a dynamical system in a continuous function. He was one of Frantisek Wolf's students.

</doc>
<doc id="31037157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037157" title="Thrasos">
Thrasos

In Greek mythology, Thrasos (Greek Θράσος n.) is the personified concept of boldness.
Although the word θράσος itself could be used both in the positive ("courage") and the negative ("over-boldness, insolence") senses, in the only context where Thrasos appears as a personification (a daemon), it is definitely a malicious being, mentioned together with Hybris and Atë and opposed to Dike.

</doc>
<doc id="31037176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037176" title="Active Archive">
Active Archive

Active Archive is a method of tiered storage which gives the user access to data across a virtualized file system that migrates data between multiple storage systems and media types including solid-state drive/flash, hard disk drives, magnetic tape, optical disk, and cloud. The result of an active archive implementation is that data can be stored on the most appropriate media type for the given retention and restoration requirements of that data. This allows less time sensitive or infrequently accessed data to be stored on less expensive media, and eliminates the need for an administrator to manually migrate data between storage systems. Additionally since storage systems such as tape libraries have very low power consumption, the operational expense of storing data in an active archive is greatly reduced.
Active archives provide organizations with a persistent view of the data in their archives and make it easy to access files whenever needed. Active archives take advantage of metadata in order to keep track of where primary, secondary, and sometimes tertiary copies of data reside within the system, in order to maintain online to near-online accessibility to any given file in a file system, regardless of the storage medium being utilized. The impetus for active archive applications, or the software involved in an active archive, was the growing amount of unstructured data in the typical data center and the need to be able to manage and efficiently store that data. As a result, active archive applications tend to be focused on file systems and unstructured data, rather than all of the collective data; however, many have features and functions that address traditional backup needs as well. 
Active archives provide online access, searchability and retrieval to long-term data and enable virtually unlimited scalability to accommodate future growth. In addition, active archives enhance the business value of the data by enabling users to directly access the data online, search it and use it for their business purposes.
Performance.
Since an active archive is built around a cost-performance ratio, the performance standards of these systems vary significantly based on each individual implementation. Within an active archive the quantities and types of media used are determined by the retention and access requirements of the varying types of data. This gives a company the flexibility to determine their own tolerance levels for accessing any given type of data. However, in general, active archive systems can recall data to a use ranging from milliseconds to 2 minutes, depending on what type of media the data is residing.
Important aspects.
Because an active archive is being used for storing both primary, secondary, and tertiary copies of data there are several factors that become necessary for the implementation of an active archive beyond simply the ability to move and access data, data integrity, media monitoring, energy efficiency, and interoperability are all important components of an active archive. Many active archive components include features such as self-healing data within the software, versioning, encryption, and media health monitoring. Reversely, since an active archive is also being used as an archive, features such as automatic migration between storage devices and technologies, vendor neutral formatting, and ILM management are all important components to an active archive as well. Many of these standards are driven due to specific industry compliance requirements such as HIPAA, SOX, PCI Compliance, etc.
Difference between Active Archive and Hierarchical Storage Management (HSM).
While active archiving is often compared to HSM, the two methods have very different implementations. Unlike an HSM, data in an active archive remains online regardless of the age or usage. The access pattern in an active archive is also different than a traditional HSM in that the data is not automatically restored to the "higher tier" storage system when requested, but rather is accessed directly from the storage device that the data is resting on. This makes every storage device in an active archive both primary storage and archival storage.
An active archive is an archive in the sense that it manages the data within the active archive throughout the lifecycle of that data according to each company's particular Information Lifecycle Management (ILM) policies and procedures. This means that while the active archive serves as the primary storage pool, it is also the final storage location for a file at the same time.
Active Archive Alliance.
The Active Archive Alliance is a collaborative industry alliance dedicated to promoting active archives for simplified, online access to all archived data. Launched in early 2010 by founding technology partners Dell, FileTek, QStar Technologies Inc, Silicon Graphics International (SGI) and Spectra Logic, the Active Archive Alliance is a vendor neutral organization open to leading providers of active archive technologies including file systems, active archive applications, cloud storage, and high density tape and disk storage, as well as individuals and end-users. Active Archive Alliance members provide active archive solutions, best practices, and industry testimonials so that organizations can achieve fast, online access to all their data in the most cost effective manner. Active Archive Alliance members include Cleversafe, Crossroads Systems, Dell, DataDirect Networks, Fujifilm, GRAU DATA AG, Hewlett-Packard, Imation, QStar Technologies Inc, Quantum Corporation, Scality, Seven10, Silicon Graphics International, Spectra Logic and XenData.

</doc>
<doc id="31037199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037199" title="John Rice Jones">
John Rice Jones

John Rice Jones (February 11, 1759 – February 1, 1824) was a Welsh-born, American politician, jurist, and military officer. He helped establish the territorial governments in Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. John Rice Jones was the father of U.S. Senator George W. Jones from Iowa.
Early history.
Jones was born in Mallwyd, Wales, the eldest of fourteen children to John Jones, an excise officer. He received his college education at Oxford University, studying both Medicine and Law. He chose Law as a career and established a practice in London, England
In January, 1781 in Brecon, Wales Jones married Eliza Powell, daughter of Richard and Mary Powell. He remained in Brecon setting up as a solicitor, with chambers at Thanet Place in London.
Life in America.
Military officer.
In 1784 John Rice Jones sailed to the United States, settling in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania He returned to Wales within the year to bring his wife and son, John Rice, back to America, though leaving behind his infant daughter, Maria. While in Philadelphia he became friends with prominent Americans Benjamin Franklin and Dr. Benjamin Rush while practicing law with noted early attorney Myers Fisher. After two years in Philadelphia hearing tales of the opportunities awaiting in the new American west, in 1786 he moved to Louisville, Kentucky. In September of that year he joined the frontier army of General George Rogers Clark in the campaign to quash an uprising by the Native Americans of the Wabash Confederacy. As part of the ongoing conflict a garrison was established at Fort Vincennes with Jones appointed its Commissary General. Jones was joined by his family at Vincennes, but tragedy soon befell them as Eliza died in childbirth on March 11, 1787. The child, named Myers Fisher Jones for his Philadelphia friend, died soon afterward.
In the late 1780s John Rice Jones began to invest in land, both around Vincennes and Kaskaskia, in what would become the Illinois Territory. In his job as Commissary General Jones had made several trips to the Kaskaskia area. In March, 1791 his land holdings increased again as he was awarded a land tract near Vincennes by the U.S. Congress in appreciation for his military service. It was also in 1791—on his birthday February 11 in fact—that Jones married for a second time, to Mary Barger. While still maintaining his property and law practice at Vincennes, by the early 1790s Jones had moved his family to Kaskaskia. Fluent in French, Spanish, and English, Jones was able to draw on legal clients from all the white inhabitants of the area and would sometimes act as emissary or go-between for the various nationalities. Early settlers often being cash-poor, Jones would accept land parcels as payment for legal work and became one of the territories largest landowners. It was also in the late 1790s that Jones made his first forays into what would eventually become Missouri. In 1797 he accompanied Moses Austin in exploration of lead mining areas west and north of Ste. Genevieve. Shortly thereafter he would become business partners with Austin and two French territorial officials in a mining operation near Mine a' Breton.
Territorial official.
In 1800 Indiana Territory was created from a portion of the old Northwest Territory. When territorial Governor (and later U.S. President) William Henry Harrison organized his administration in early 1801 he appointed Jones as the first Attorney General. The following year Jones, a pro-slavery advocate, participated in a conference that urged the U.S. Congress to repeal or suspend certain slavery portions of the 1787 Northwest Ordinance. With the reorganization of the territory came a new job for John Rice Jones in 1805 as Governor Harrison appointed him to the territory's Legislative Council, where he served until 1808. In 1808 Jones attempted to be named territorial delegate to the U.S. Congress, however a political and personal falling out with Harrison over slavery and the latter's dismissal of the Legislative Council scuttled Jones' bid to represent Indiana in Washington D.C. Perhaps John Rice Jones longest-lasting impact on Indiana came in 1807 when he helped in the founding of Vincennes University and served on its first board of trustees.
Illinois days.
After his falling out with William Henry Harrison in 1808, John Rice Jones left Vincennes for good, choosing to relocate his law practice and family to Kaskaskia. There he and John Edgar championed the cause of splitting the Illinois counties out of Indiana Territory into their own governing entity. This goal was reached on March 1, 1809. However, Jones found nothing but considerable heartache in the new Illinois Territory. It began in December, 2008 when his son Rice Jones was murdered in Kaskaskia. The younger Jones had been involved it a heated political dispute with Sadrach Bond, Jr. which led to a duel. Neither party was wounded in the affair of honor, but Bond's second, Dr. James Dunlap remained unsatisfied and allegedly arranged for the assassination of Rice Jones on a Kaskaskia street. The murderer was never apprehended. Soon after, Federal authorities ruled against many of John Rice Jones' land claims in Illinois, causing some financial loss.
Missouri.
In 1810 Jones, already with considerable business holdings across the Mississippi River—namely his lead mining venture—left Illinois Territory for the Louisiana Territory (Missouri Territory after June 4, 1812) and settled around Mine a' Breton. For the next several years he largely concerned himself with lead mining and smelting. Once the Missouri Territory was organized, Jones served on the legislative council, as he had before in Indiana. In June, 1820 John Rice Jones was a delegate to the Missouri constitutional convention, his legal expertise often called upon in the drafting of the new states laws and regulations. With statehood came two United States Senators and ones very much desired to be one. David Barton was a first ballot selection to claim one of the seats, while Jones and four others vied for the remaining position. By a margin of one vote it went to Thomas Hart Benton.
As a consolation prize of sorts, but really a position much better suited to his temperament and training, John Rice Jones was named one of the three judges appointed to the Missouri Supreme Court in 1821. On the bench Judge Jones often cast dissenting votes and opinions on the various issues brought before the high court. He died without completing his first term on the court, on February 1, 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="31037220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037220" title="Vs. (magazine)">
Vs. (magazine)

Vs. is an international fashion and lifestyle magazine published bi-annually. Known for its sleek design, luxury fashion stories, editorial edge and large format, glossy, print size. 
"Vs." was founded by Jakob F. Stubkjær and Vibe Dabelsteen in 2005. "Vs."'s offices are based in New York, United States. 
"Vs." features some of the most prominent figures in fashion and mainstream culture from supermodels and celebrities to emerging talents within fashion, beauty, music, art, film and culture. 
Every issue has 4 different covers. Fall/Winter 2010 featured Naomi Campbell, Eva Mendes, Christina Ricci and Rachel Weisz on the front cover, and the Spring/Summer 2011 issues feature Kylie Minogue, Sky Ferreira, Paris Hilton and Oh Land 
Vsmagazinelive.com is the LIVE edition of the printed magazine. With all the notions of web exploited, that is the motion, the audio, the pace, the form. Vsmagazinelive.com features new content every day from historic film clips to exclusive Vs. fashion productions, daily style and fashion news, as well as trends, industry and cultural updates.
Models.
The following models and talent have featured on the front covers of "Vs. Magazine". Spring/Summer 2009 featured Emma Watson, Lou Doillon and Milla Jovovich. Fall/Winter 2009 featured Drew Barrymore, Juliette Lewis and Ellen Page. Spring/Summer 2010 featured Claudia Schiffer Vanessa Paradis, Bar Refaeli and Claire Danes. Fall/Winter 2010 featured Naomi Campbell, Eva Mendes, Christina Ricci and Rachel Weisz. Spring/Summer 2011 featured Kylie Minogue, Sky Ferreira, Paris Hilton and Oh Land. Fall/Winter 2011 featured Kirsten Dunst, Laetitia Casta and Amber Heard. Spring/Summer 2012 features Julianne Moore, Erin Wasson, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Elizabeth Olsen, Shailene Woodley, Helena Christensen.

</doc>
<doc id="31037278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037278" title="Sarah Glaser">
Sarah Glaser

Sarah Glaser (born 18 November 1961) is an American sailor. She won a silver medal in the 470 class at the 2000 Summer Olympics with J. J. Isler.

</doc>
<doc id="31037286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037286" title="Alcolea (disambiguation)">
Alcolea (disambiguation)

Alcolea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31037297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037297" title="Ian Barker">
Ian Barker

Ian Barker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31037304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037304" title="Ordo Equitum Solis">
Ordo Equitum Solis

Ordo Equitum Solis (abbreviated OES) are an alternative music band consisting of French Leithana, pseudonym of Nathalie Herrera (vocals, keyboards, zither, percussions) and Italian Deraclamo, pseudonym of Paolo De Marco (vocals, guitar). The duo formed in 1988, and released albums and toured between 1990 and 2000. In 2001 the band suddenly broke up, but there was a reunion in 2010.
The musical style of OES does not fall into a precise category. While the early albums have pronounced industrial, esoteric darkwave and a touch of medieval influences, with time their musical style matured, embracing multi-faceted sonorities between neofolk, experimentalism and ballad songs. The albums, that include also instrumental tracks, are characterized by a significant switch and mix of genres, making Ordo Equitum Solis' music unusual, various, intimistic and hard to describe. Distinguishing features are Leithana's voice, Deraclamo's folk guitar, lyrics in various languages (English, French, Latin, Italian), highly-emotional melodies, experimental effects, romantic and decadent atmosphere, and remarkable, sometimes provocative arrangements.
Ordo Equitum Solis' releases had often been concept-albums, inspired by symbolic themes or personal experiences. The albums denote also the duality of the band, between Leithana's often inflexible creative genius, and Deraclamo's instinctive inspiration.
History.
Formation.
Leithana and Deraclamo met in 1985 in a post-punk club in Paris (Le Saint), the city where Leithana lived. Deraclamo at that time roamed around London, Paris and Barcelona. They immediately decided to make music together, considering their love for music and the coincidence of their musical taste, especially regarding the dark and post-punk London scene. In addition, both had the same sense of freedom, that would induce a continuous wandering in the following years, a theme developed in their CD "Planetes".
To realize their musical project, in 1987 both moved to Paganotti, a mountain village in Italy, where they made their first album "Solstitii Temporis Sensus". Between 1988 and 1989 Ordo Equitum Solis befriended Tony Wakeford (Sol Invictus), who played on the first two albums of Ordo Equitum Solis. In 1992 Leithana recorded some piano tracks for Sol Invictus. As keyboard-player Leithana also participated in some of Sol Invictus' concerts, in particular during the legendary tour of Death In June, Current 93 and Sol Invictus together (1991).
1990-1997.
On 21 December 1990, the band's first album, "Solstitii Temporis Sensus" was released on the independent label Musica Maxima Magnetica (already label of Sleep Chamber, Vasilisk and numerous other artists). The album had an immediate and unexpected success both in terms of sales and in terms of audience. The cooperation with the label would continue until 1996 with the albums "Animi Aegritudo" (1992), the mini-CD "OES" (1993), the live-album "Paraskénia" (1994), and finally "Hecate" (1995).
The period is characterized by an artistic growth of the music, as well as an increasing popularity especially among gothic and neofolk listeners. Many articles about and interviews with the band appeared in magazines and fanzines. The band played many concerts in Europe, and also did a tour in the USA and Russia in 1993. Ordo Equitum Solis released "Hecate" in 1995, which was innovative and astonishing, and very different from the music scene's standard of the moment.
From 1995 on there were disagreements between Ordo Equitum Solis and the label Musica Maxima Magnetica, because the distributor Audioglobe interfered more with the band's affairs. The recording sessions of their following album "Planetes" started in 1996, but weren't completed until 1998. That same year the band managed to get back all rights regarding Ordo Equitum Solis’ past and future works, and therefore to be fully operational again, after a forced three year stop.
1998-2001.
"Planetes" was released in January 1999 on Ordo Equitum Solis' own label Sinope, through the UK-based World Serpent Distribution. In addition to "Planetes", the band's revival resulted in the release of the mini-album "Signs", the double CD compilation "Octo", the album "Metamorphosis - Personam Impono" and the 7 inch vinyl picture-disc "A Divine Image". During this period the artistic experimentations of the band kept evolving, with a more refined style detached from clichés. A review of "Planetes" stated: "Planetes, with its delicate electro-acoustic ballads and its subtle 'esoteric' keyboard layers, places itself more than worthily in a creative path still in solitary and noteworthy ascent" (Vittore Baroni, Rumore magazine n° 85 – 1999). "Planetes" and the other CD's of this year were reviewed in various international magazines.
Nevertheless, the non-efficient distribution of World Serpent disappointed the band. The general drop in sales faced the band with excessive difficulties. Also, Ordo Equitum Solis found that live-concerts were harder to get or unsatisfying, and the band finally decided to break up, immediately after their concert at the Wave-Gotik-Treffen in Leipzig on 3 June 2001.
Notwithstanding the band's break-up, Leithana and Deraclamo would still continue working on unreleased tracks composed in 1989-90, with the intention of releasing a "posthumous" album. Apart from this, Leithana started working on an solo-album, which she ultimately decided to never publish. In 2002, all musical projects of the band were put on hold.
Since 2010.
In November 2010 an announcement on the band's official website reported the reunion of Ordo Equitum Solis, as well as the release of a brand new album.
Influences and music.
Ordo Equitum Solis is influenced by the gothic and post-punk London music scene of the 1980s, particularly by bands like Joy Division, SPK, Cocteau Twins, Bauhaus, Dead Can Dance, Clair Obscur, Virgin Prunes, Coil, Sol Invictus and Death In June.
The name of the band, which literally means "The Order of the Knights of the Sun" in Latin, was coined by Deraclamo, and was meant to underline a certain vision of the world, willingly anachronistic yet strong and current in the 1990s. The use of the Latin language as well as the look of the band represent some of the innovations introduced by Ordo Equitum Solis, which would be extensively reused in the gothic and alternative music scene. Ordo Equitum Solis is characterized by implicit symbolic and magical themes and more explicit themes of gnosticism, a love of nature and the conceptual union with the elements.

</doc>
<doc id="31037306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037306" title="Marie Løkke">
Marie Løkke

Marie Løkke also Marie Loekke, Marie Mathiesen (January 9, 1877 - February 29, 1948) was a Norwegian born artist. She is most associated with her impressionist landscapes in oil.
Biography.
Marie Løkke was born in Christiana, now Oslo, Norway. After studying art in Norway and in Dresden, Germany (1900–1901), she came to the United States in 1902. In America, she studied with Charles W. Hawthorne at his Cape Cod School of Art in Provincetown, MA. She divided her artistic career between the United States and Europe throughout her life. 
She exhibited principally in Chicago, Illinois, winning prizes on several occasions. Her work was featured at both the Art Institute of Chicago and at the Chicago Norske Klub. She return to painting in Norway (1917–1919). She painted in France and Belgium) (1919–1922). She painted again in Norway (1922–1926).
Her work were exhibited at both the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco, CA and at the Norse-American Centennial Art Exhibit at the Minnesota State Fair in Minneapolis, MN in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="31037329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037329" title="My Love (London Boys song)">
My Love (London Boys song)

"My Love" is a single by Europop duo London Boys. It was originally released in Germany in 1987 to very limited success. As a result the single was released again in 1989 and featured on the album "The Twelve Commandments of Dance". The single was written and produced by Ralf René Maué, and its cover artwork features photography from Martin Becker. The song peaked at #46 in the UK, the first single to peak out of the Top 40 since the duo's rise to fame. It was also the last single of 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="31037338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037338" title="Federal Creek">
Federal Creek

Federal Creek is one of several major tributaries to the Hocking River in southeast Ohio. It drains an area in north-central Athens County, Ohio, as well as an adjacent area in Morgan County, Ohio. This creek is well known for severe flooding. The incorporated village of Amesville, Ohio is located on the creek, while the unincorporated communities of Kilvert, Broadwell, Sharpsburg, and Lathrop are situated on the creek or its tributaries. The confluence of Federal Creek with the Hocking River is located near the unincorporated community of Stewart, Ohio at .
Federal Creek derived its name from early explorers who counted thirteen principal tributaries, thus comparing it to the original United States, with thirteen original states.

</doc>
<doc id="31037341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037341" title="ANJ">
ANJ

ANJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31037351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037351" title="Asher Space Research Institute">
Asher Space Research Institute

The Normal and Helen Asher Space Research Institute (ASRI) is a specialized institute dedicated to multidisciplinary scientific research at Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, in Haifa, Israel.
ASRI was established in 1984. Its members come from five Technion faculties, and it has a technical staff of Technion scientists in a variety of space-related fields (Physics, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Autonomous Systems and Computer Sciences). ASRI is a leading space research center in Israel and is involved in the development of space systems based on advanced and innovative technologies, as well as education through advanced degrees.
History.
Technion is Israel's oldest university, founded in 1912 to bring young people the technical skills they would need to build a nation. In the spirit of anticipating future needs, Technion established the faculty of Aeronautical Engineering in 1948. At the time, it was the only place in Israel teaching and researching aeronautics, and it has been credited in bringing the expertise to create the airforce which guaranteed the survival on the young State of Israel. The Faculty evolved into today's Faculty of Aerospace Engineering at the Technion. Driven by a need for Israel to move into satellite technology in the 1980s, the Asher Space Research Institute was set up in 1984, four years before Israel formally rocketed into space with the launch of the Ofeq-1 satellite in 1988. Today ASRI, is the only center of higher education for space research in Israel.
On February 12, 2009, the Norman and Helen Asher Space Building was dedicated at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa. Chicago resident Helen S. Asher and her late husband Norman provided the $3.5 million lead gift for the building. The occasion also celebrated the 30-year anniversary of Israel's space program.
The Institute is today managed by ASRI Director Prof. Ehud Behar.
ASRI Mission.
ASRI's stated mission is to expand the frontiers of space research; investigate the Cosmos and Earth; combine innovations in science and technology; foster collaboration with industry and academia worldwide; and to promote scientific and technological education.
Selected Laboratories.
In parallel to system development activities, members of the Institute technical staff perform, in collaboration with faculty members, research in various space related fields.
The Distributed Space Systems Laboratory (DSSL).
The Distributed Space Systems Laboratory (DSSL) is focused on dynamics and control of multiple spacecraft formation flying. The experimental facility is designed and equipped to test methods and machinery under circumstances as close to actual operating conditions as possible, including cooperative control, relative position and attitude sensing and space-borne sparse-aperture imaging. The lab includes an air bearing table, model satellites, and sensing devices.
ASRI DSSL is currently working towards the launch of a formation flying mission into an Earth orbit.
Electric Propulsion.
ASRI's research into electric propulsion of small satellites has culminated in the creation of the patented CAMILA, cited as the most efficient and effective rocket propulsion engine for space-craft and satellites.
Working in collaboration with Israel's Soreq National Research Laboratory and RAFAEL, ASRI's Electric Propulsion laboratory is said to be pioneering the next generation of small thrusters. The lab is headed by Prof. Alexander Kapulkin, a rocket scientist from the former Soviet Union.
Laboratory for Space Interferometry (LaSI).
The Laboratory for Space Interferometry (LaSI) at the Asher Space Research Institute seeks solutions for improving the angular resolution of telescopes for both astronomical and Earth observations from space.
Education.
ASRI's educational activities include topical lectures for engineering students, supervision of undergraduate students space projects, and of graduate research theses'. 
One example of ASRI's educational initiatives was the DUSAT project. This consists of two dentical Low Earth Orbit (LEO) microsatellites designed for simultaneous three-dimensional mapping.
A current example is SABRES: a constellation of microsatellites for automated meter reading and other non-real time communication services.
In addition to undergraduate and graduate degrees, ASRI has opportunities for postdoctoral research positions and frequently hosts international scientists.
Gurwin TechSat.
Gurwin TechSat was one of the world's first microsatellites to be designed, built and launched by students.
Operations of TechSat II, also known as TechSat-1b and Gurwin-TechSAT-2, ceased in April 2010 when deterioration of its solar cells reduced power output so that the nominal performance of the satellite systems could no longer be supported.
In the early 1990s, the Technion proposed building three or four small satellites for continuous early warning coverage. The TechSat Gurwin I was named in honour of Joseph and Rosalind Gurwin, whose interest and support of Israeli space research enabled its development.
The flight model was completed in October 1994, but the first TechSat, also known as TechSat-1a, was lost when its Soviet converted ICBM Start launch vehicle failed. 
On 10 July 1998, the next microsatellite in the series, TechSat/Gurwin II, was successfully launched by Zenit 2 from Baikonur Cosmodrome. 
The Asher Space Research Institute (ASRI) at Technion managed and conducted TechSat II operations from the university-based station. The solar cells used thin-film photovoltaic cell technology developed in Russia; they were mounted on four of the six outer aluminium panels. The box-shaped TechSat II carried 6 instruments to perform a range of experiments. 
Operations of TechSat II ceased in April 2010 when deterioration of its solar cells reduced power output so that the nominal performance of the satellite systems could no longer be supported.
The mission has been said to demonstrate that a reduction of the satellite mass, size, and power consumption can be achieved without deterioration of its basic characteristics, such as mission life, payload efficiency and measurements precision.
Education and Outreach.
SpaceIL.
Sharing the vision of creating an "Apollo" moment to inspire young people in science, technology and space research, ASRI is actively supporting SpaceIL - the Israeli team competing in the Google Lunar X Competition to land a small space-craft on the moon by the end of 2012. The team hopes that by successfully landing the Israeli flag on the moon, they will inspire new generations of excellent scientists. They also plan to donate all prize money to educational projects.
Ilan Ramon Space Team Program.
In 2002, ASRI set up the Ilan Ramon Space Club, in collaboration with the Jerusalem-based Society for Excellence in Education.
After the tragic loss of the Columbia Shuttle and its crew, the space club was renamed in honor of Ilan Ramon - Israel's first astronaut. Ramon had conducted experiments in space designed by high school students and commissioned by ASRI and Israel's Ministry of Education.
The club today consists of 12 nationwide groups of 20 high school students each. ASRI researchers prepare the syllabus for the clubs which are run with the help of Technion undergraduates.
Science and Communication.
Part of ASRI's global outreach drive involves a social media initiative to educated and inform the general public about space research in general and projects at Technion's ASRI in particular. This includes an active presence on Facebook, Twitter, and a blog, with regular updates on develops in space research.

</doc>
<doc id="31037352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037352" title="Maria Eugénia Martins de Nazaré Ribeiro">
Maria Eugénia Martins de Nazaré Ribeiro

Maria Eugénia Martins de Nazaré Ribeiro (born 1956) is a Portuguese Judge and a member of the European General Court.
She studied in Lisbon, Brussels and Strasbourg, she's a member of the Bar in Portugal and Brussels. As part of her studies, she also became an independent researcher at the Institut d'études européennes de l'université libre de Bruxelles (Institute of European Studies, Free University of Brussels).
She has now been a Judge since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31037373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037373" title="Canby Herald">
Canby Herald

Canby Herald is a bi-weekly paper published in Canby, Oregon, United States, since 1906, and covering the cities of Canby and Aurora. It is published on Wednesdays and Saturdays and has a circulation of 5,444. The paper shares content with the "Woodburn Independent" in its Saturday edition. In January 2013, the paper was sold to the Pamplin Media Group along with five other papers owned by Eagle Newspapers.
It is one of the state's oldest newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="31037394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037394" title="List of Planet B episodes">
List of Planet B episodes

"Planet B" is a science fiction drama series first broadcast on BBC Radio 7 on 2 March 2009 as part of BBC Radio's science fiction season between February and March 2009. "Planet B" is set in a virtual world called "Planet B" (voiced by Adjoa Andoh) in which people play as life-size avatars. The first series follows John Armstrong (played by Gunnar Cauthery in Series 1 and 3) who attempts to find girlfriend Lioba Fielding (Donnla Hughes in Series 1, Tessa Nicholson in Series 2) who is dead in the real world but alive in Planet B. As he travels between various worlds he becomes entangled in an array of strange scenarios, teleporting from each adventure to the next with his companion Medley (Lizzy Watts in Series 1, Claire Harry in Series 3), a "rogue avatar" who has no human controller. All the while, John and Medley are being watched by an dog-like antivirus programme called Cerberus (Chris Pavlo) who, along with the Planet B Corporation, considers the rogues to be a computer virus that need to be wiped out. In the second series, Lioba is on the run from Planet B and travels the virtual world with computer games expert Kip Berenger (Joseph Cohen-Cole in Series 2, Lloyd Thomas in Series 3) after they are attacked by Cerberus.
The series was created by Sam Hoyle, Jessica Dromgoole and Matthew Broughton with James Robinson. The first series ran for ten episodes and was BBC Radio 7's biggest ever commission for an original drama series.

</doc>
<doc id="31037396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037396" title="Sokolov Basin">
Sokolov Basin

The Sokolov Basin or Falkenau Basin (, formerly also "Falkenau-Elbogen-Karlsbader Becken"; ) is a drainage basin and geomorphological unit in the Czech Republic. It is located in northwestern Bohemia and covers an area of 312 km². The basin has an average width of eight kilometres and runs along the southern foot of the Ore Mountains.
Geography.
To the north rise the Ore Mountains, to the northeast the Sokolov Basin joins the Eger Graben. To the east it is bounded by the Doupov Mountains and to the south by the Kaiserwald. In the west it joins the Eger Basin at the "Kulmer Schwelle". Its highest elevation at 573 metres is the Dvorský vrch ("Casperberg") near Děpoltovice in the Chodau Basin, followed by the Drsný vrch ("Mariahilfberg") on the Kulmer Schwelle at 570 metres.
The main river is the Eger, that flows through the basin from southwest to northeast. From the Ore Mountains come the rivers of the Zwodau, Rolava and Bystřice and the Teplá flows into the basin from the Kaiserwald 

</doc>
<doc id="31037407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037407" title="AFF U-23 Youth Championship">
AFF U-23 Youth Championship

The AFF U-23 Youth Championship is an international football competition contested by the national under-23 teams of the member nations of the ASEAN Football Federation (AFF). The inaugural edition was in 2005 and was only brought back for 2011. The tournament also serves as a preparatory tournament for the Southeast Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="31037408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037408" title="Ian Barker (sailor)">
Ian Barker (sailor)

Ian Barker (born 10 August 1966) is a British sailor. He won a silver medal in the High Performance Dinghy class at the 2000 Summer Olympics with Simon Hiscocks.

</doc>
<doc id="31037433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037433" title="Knockboy, County Waterford">
Knockboy, County Waterford

Knockboy ( meaning "Yellow Hill"), commonly referred to as Ballygunner (), is a suburb and formally a village on the outskirts of Waterford City, Ireland. Originally an independent village, it has become submerged with Waterford City, due to "urban sprawl", and now forms part of the city's "suburbs". It is forms part of the dual parishes of St. Mary's and St Joseph and St. Benildus.
History.
The old village of Knockboy consisted of an old 18th-century church, 19th-century schoolhouse, a row of cottages and a small pub at the base of the hill. In 1948, a new national school was built at the top of the hill. In 1980, the Waterford city boundaries extended, making Knockboy part of the Greater Waterford area. In 1984, the National School was moved to beside the Ballygunner hurling pitch, the old school buildings being developed into a Gaelscoil. In the early 1990s, the cottages were demolished and new council houses were built at the site. In the 2000s, a new housing estate was built adjoining the original village, in practise making it a suburb of Waterford City. In late 2009, redevelopment of the old church began which involved extending two sides of the church. In 2011, the crossroads at the site of "Gaelscoile Baile Mhic Gonair" were redeveloped to feature one single crossroad rather than two along with traffic lights.

</doc>
<doc id="31037443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037443" title="Diego Restrepo">
Diego Restrepo

Diego Restrepo (born February 25, 1988 in Merida, Venezuela), is an American soccer goalkeeper who currently plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies in the North American Soccer League.
Career.
College and amateur.
Restrepo lived in Colombia until he was 11 before moving to West Palm Beach, Florida with his family. He attended American Heritage School, and spent time at the IMG Soccer Academy in Bradenton, Florida, before going on to play three years of college soccer at the University of South Florida. He transferred to the University of Virginia prior to his junior year, and quickly installed himself as his team's starting goalkeeper for Virginia, with whom he won the ACC Championship and the NCAA National Championship in 2009. During his championship season Restrepo broke school records previously held by Tony Meola for games played (25), minutes played (2348), shutouts (16), consecutive shutouts (11) and consecutive scoreless minutes (1176). He was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the ACC Tournament and Defensive Most Valuable Player of the NCAA Tournament.
During his college years Restrepo also played for the Bradenton Academics in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
In January 2011, Restrepo signed a professional contract with Colombian soccer club América de Cali. He made his professional debut on Wednesday, August 31, 2011, in America's 1-1 tie vs. Pereira.
After America were relegated, Restrepo moved to Venezuelan club Deportivo Táchira on December 30, 2011.
On March 20, 2013 the Tampa Bay Rowdies announced that Restrepo had signed a two-year contract with the club. Has excelled after being named the Rowdies starting goalkeeper, playing in 26 matches in all competitions. He was named the "NASL Player Of The Week" 3 times and to the "NASL Team Of the Week" 7 times in 2013. 
International.
Despite being born in Venezuela, Restrepo has represented the United States at youth level. He is a graduate of the USA U-17 Residency Program. In 2005, he was a member of the USA U-17 World Cup squad that participated in the 2005 Youth World Cup in Peru. He has also been a member of the USA U-20 National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="31037463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037463" title="Robin LaFevers">
Robin LaFevers

Robin Lorraine LaFevers is an American children's book writer from California. 
She is the author of the "Theodosia" series (illustrated by Yoko Tanaka) and "Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist" series (illustrated by Kelly Murphy). La Fevers grew up in Los Angeles and now resides on a small ranch in Southern California with her husband and two sons. LaFevers has had a lifelong love of animals, which often make appearances in her novels, and a sensitivity to ecological responsibility best apparent in the Nathaniel Fludd books. She admits to a belief in the magical, which is also a driving element of stories such as "Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos".
Her novel " Flight of the Phoenix" was selected by the Junior Library Guild in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31037484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037484" title="Ian Baker">
Ian Baker

Ian Baker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31037488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037488" title="Waterloo Wildlife Research Station">
Waterloo Wildlife Research Station

The Waterloo Wildlife Research Station is a Ohio state wildlife area located in western Waterloo Township, Athens County, Ohio. Purchase for the area was begun in 1944. The area was greatly expanded in 2005 when 945 acres were added. It was originally named the Waterloo Wildlife Experiment Station. Research was done there over a period of years, until recently. 
The area is surrounded on three sides by the Zaleski State Forest, and Ohio State Route 356, and Ohio State Route 56 forms the border for the fourth (east) side. The entrance to the wildlife area is off Route 356 immediately south of its junction with Route 56. The wildlife area is drained by Hewett Fork, a principal tributary to Raccoon Creek.
A turkey management area of more than 5,000 acres is located partly in this wildlife area, and partly in the adjacent state forest.
This facility has an extensive system of short hiking trails, largely based on old fire roads. However, these are no longer actively maintained.
Waterloo Aquatic Education Center.
The principal building of the site is now the Waterloo Aquatic Education Center, operated by the Raccoon Creek Water-Trail Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31037529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037529" title="Nováci">
Nováci

Nováci is a Czech sitcom that ran for two seasons beginning in 1995. The sitcom's main storyline revolves around a Czech family called Nováci. The family hosts an American student of sociology, Jeremy Washington, who eventually purchases a home from a family involved with the Russian mafia.
Season 1.
"Nováci's" first season, which ran from 19 April 1995 to 27 December 1995, included 72 episodes. Below is a list of episodes 1–16 and 21–72.
Season 2.
In January 1996, production began on Season 2 (sometimes called "Nováci 2"), which had 52 episodes. This was essentially a new series with a new plot, new characters, new actors, and new writers. Only the director Jiří Adamec remained from the original production staff. Below is a list of episodes 1–12.

</doc>
<doc id="31037538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037538" title="Ballygunner">
Ballygunner

Ballygunner (), is a large townland in County Waterford, Ireland. 
The placename is derived, in part, from the Old Norse masculine personal name "Gunnarr".
The boundaries of Ballygunner coincide with that of St. Mary's and St. Joseph & St. Benildus parishes. Ballygunner contains several smaller areas inside it, some that may be classified as Townlands in their own right. These are: Ballygunner Mhór, Ballygunner Castle, Knockboy, the Dunmore Road Area, Granstown, Callaghan & Ballinamuncha.

</doc>
<doc id="31037560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037560" title="BIFA Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a British Independent Film">
BIFA Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a British Independent Film

The British Independent Film Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a British Independent Film is an annual award given to the Best Actor who starred in a British independent film. The award was introduced in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31037561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037561" title="Natasha D'Schommer">
Natasha D'Schommer

Natasha D'Schommer is a photographer located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. D'Schommer is the 2005 recipient of the McKnight Photography Fellowship. D'Schommer photographs rare books and musical manuscripts, including Ludwig van Beethoven’s sketchbooks (1815), the Gutenberg Bible (1455), J.S. Bach's Cantata No. 33, and original copies of all of the first four printed Bibles as well as copy of the Qur'an from about 1700.

</doc>
<doc id="31037569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037569" title="Otto Ipinge">
Otto Ipinge

Otto Ipinge is a Namibian politician. A member of SWAPO, Ipinge was re-elected as mayor of Otjiwarongo. As mayor, Ipinge focused on attracting investment to the city, effective management and efficiency as well as increasing tourism, agriculture and mineral management. As of June 2009, he was the electoral coordinator for SWAPO in his native Otjozondjupa Region. Prior to the 2009 general election, Ipinge was placed on SWAPO's electoral list at number 61. However, SWAPO only received enough votes for 54 seats and Ipinge was not elected to the National Assembly. Ipinge was subsequently elected as the regional councillor for Otjiwarongo Constituency in the 2010 regional elections.

</doc>
<doc id="31037590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037590" title="Michael Griffiths">
Michael Griffiths

Michael Griffiths may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31037605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037605" title="Max Muscle">
Max Muscle

John Czawlytko (born February 22, 1963) is an American former professional wrestler. He is best known for his appearances in World Championship Wrestling under the ring names Max Muscle and Maxx. 
Professional wrestling career.
Early career (1992-1993).
After a career as a bodybuilder, Czawlytko began training to become a professional wrestler. Following his training, Czawlytko adopted the ring name The Brute and began competing as part of a tag team called The Skull Crushers alongside Bryan Carreiro, who performed under the ring name The Beast.
World Championship Wrestling (1993-1997).
In 1993, Czawlytko signed a contract with World Championship Wrestling. He was sent to the WCW Power Plant for seasoning. Later in the year, he debuted on WCW television under the name Big Bad John, making appearances on the promotion's secondary television shows "Saturday Night", "Main Event", and "Pro". In 1995, he was repackaged as a heel under the ring name Max Muscle and became Diamond Dallas Page's bodyguard, where he consistently helped Page cheat in arm wrestling contests. However, Muscle's alliance with Page ended by 1996, as Muscle broke away from Page and briefly turned face. However, this was short-lived, as Muscle joined the Dungeon of Doom later on in the year under the ring name Maxx, reverting into a heel in the process. While a member of the Dungeon, Maxx wrestled and lost to Page on the March 17, 1997 episode of "Saturday Night" and then again on the March 19 episode of "Nitro".
On the April 1, 1997 episode of "Saturday Night", Czawlytko wrestled his final match for WCW as he defeated Roger Boone.
Retirement.
After leaving WCW, Czawlytko took a two-year-long hiatus from wrestling. On March 11, 1999, Czawlytko competed in his return match, then under the tweaked ring name Maxx Muscle, where he and Corporal Punishment wrestled to a no contest for Maryland Championship Wrestling. On April 8, Muscle lost to Punishment in a rematch. Following losses in both singles and tag team matches, Czawlytko left MCW in mid-October and wrestled his final match on January 29, 2000, when he resumed his Maxx ring name as he defeated Felony in a match for Xtreme Pro Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="31037609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037609" title="CAK7">
CAK7

CAK7 is the Transport Canada location identifier for Vancouver (Children & Women's Health Centre) Heliport shared by:

</doc>
<doc id="31037611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037611" title="St Luke's Church, Oseney Crescent">
St Luke's Church, Oseney Crescent

St Luke's Church, Oseney Crescent, Kentish Town, was a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Camden Town, London, under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust until April 15, 2011. At that time a pastoral measure was passed naming Revd Jonathan March as the new parish priest. Renovation work by HTB was completed in January 2012 and services have recommenced as of 29 January 2012
The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building,
History.
The construction in the 1860s of the Midland Railway's London terminus, St Pancras railway station, necessitated the demolition of a number of buildings on Euston Road, one of which was the recently erected St Luke's Church, designed by John Johnson and built in 1856-61 on the corner of Midland Road. The church was taken down and re-erected in 1866-7, with alterations by Johnson, as a Congregational church in Wanstead. The £12,500 compensation provided by the railway company and the £526 which purchased the building for Wanstead were used by the London congregation to build a new St Luke's in Oseney Crescent, Kentish Town.
Architecture.
The new St Luke's was built in 1867-9 to the designs of the 25-year-old Basil Champneys. It was his first church and one of his first buildings. His father, William Weldon Champneys, who commissioned the church, was the vicar of the parish of St Pancras. John Johnson, who had expected to be the architect of the new church, was not pleased to be passed over.
Exterior.
The exterior of the church is largely red brick with stone dressings, and the roof is tiled. The tower with its saddleback gabled roof is in the North German style, with three arcaded openings to the belfry and plate tracery above. The detail of the nave, chancel and aisles is Early English revival.
The nave has four bays with narrow aisles. The chancel is situated beneath the tower. It has a polygonal apse with plate tracery. The west end has three lancet windows, with a plate tracery rose window above. The aisles and clerestory have pointed windows in pairs.
Interior.
The walls are of exposed red brick with two bands of stone. The nave arcades have low cylindrical pillars. Between the arches are shafts which support the principal roof timbers. The floor is paved with red and black tiles. From the crossing, there are three steps up to the brick-vaulted chancel and a further six steps up to the sanctuary, which has decorative tiles and sedilia. The reredos was added in the 1930s. The brass eagle lectern (1882) came from the war-damaged St Paul's Church, Camden Square, one of whose architects was John Johnson, designer of the original St Luke's. The Willis organ was installed in 1893.
The stained glass windows include:

</doc>
<doc id="31037612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037612" title="Ucamco">
Ucamco

Ucamco (formerly Barco ETS) develops and markets software and hardware for the electronics manufacturing services. It’s current products range includes CAM and Pre-CAM software, laser photoplotters and direct imagers. Ucamco headquarters are in Belgium and an R&D center in the Czech Republic. The headquarters and the Ucamco subsidiaries in Japan, China and the USA together with a network of business partners provide a global coverage
Ucamco owns the intellectual property of the Gerber format widely used in CAM software for printed circuit board manufacturing through Barco's earlier acquisition of Gerber Systems Corp. Ucamco further develops the format and brings out new revisions from time to time.
Products.
Printed Circuit Board Manufacturing software
Printed Circuit Board Manufacturing hardware
Markets.
Printed Circuit Board Markets
Other Markets

</doc>
<doc id="31037620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037620" title="Gunter Pauli">
Gunter Pauli

Gunter Pauli (born 1956 in Antwerp) is a serial entrepreneur, author and initiator of The Blue Economy.
Life and Business.
Gunter Pauli was born in 1956. He is a graduate from St. Ignatius Loyola's University in Belgium, Economics (1979) and obtained his MBA from INSEAD (1982) in Fontainebleau, France. He also has an honorary master in Systemic Design from the Instituto Politecnico di Torino (Italy) and an honorary doctorate in economics from the University of Pecs (Hungary).
He has been active as an entrepreneur, lecturer and commentator in culture, science, politics, sustainability innovation, and the environment.
He built the first ecological factory when Chairman and CEO of Ecover, that under his leadership became a worldwide acclaimed ecological building, being completed in 1992.
His first book was the biography of Dr. Aurelio Peccei, founder of the Club of Rome, whose assistant he was from 1979 to 1984.
Since then he has written 20 books printed in 34 languages, and 125 fables for children. Some estimate that 90 million copies of his fables have been distributed worldwide.
In 1989 he was elected as an independent substitute to the European Parliament but never took up the seat.
In 1991 Gunter Pauli was the founder of the "Mozarteum Belgicum", founder (1988) and president of Worldwatch Europe (until 1992).
In 1994 Pauli initiated the Zero Emissions Research Initiative (ZERI), which was named Zero Emissions Research and Initiatives in 1997. The ZERI work started in Tokyo with the support of the Japanese Government and the United Nations University (UNU) and targeted redesigning production and consumption into clusters of industries inspired by natural systems.
He later wrote the book The Blue Economy, which was originally a report to the Club of Rome that became a commercial book. He wrote this book with the twin aims of stimulating entrepreneurship while setting up new and higher standards towards sustainability, where the good for our health and the environment is cheap. The book includes the principles that support the Blue Economy concept and also one hundred business cases that follow the principles. The goals set for the Blue Economy as a Business Model are high: To create 100 million jobs and substantial capital value through 100 innovations in the 2010-2020 decade.
He has lived on 4 continents, is fluent in 7 languages and is a resident of Japan since 1994. He is father of 4 sons, 1 daughter (adopted) and married to Katherina Bach.

</doc>
<doc id="31037630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037630" title="John West (priest)">
John West (priest)

Educated at Trinity College, Dublin, he was ordained in 1830 and began his ecclesiastical career as Curate at Monkstown, County Dublin. He was the incumbent at St Ann’s Dublin and then Archdeacon of the city before his elevation to the Deanery, a post he held for 25 years. He died on 5 July 1890.
His son was an eminent engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="31037646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037646" title="Saif al-Arab Gaddafi">
Saif al-Arab Gaddafi

Saif al-Arab Gaddafi (, "lit. Sword of the Arabs; of the Gaddafa"; 1982 – 30 April 2011) was the sixth son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. From around 2006 to 2010, Saif al-Arab spent much of his time in Munich where he was enrolled at the Technical University Munich. On 30 April 2011, the Libyan government reported that Saif al-Arab and three of his young nieces and nephews were killed by a NATO airstrike on his house during the Libyan civil war. During the beginning of the uprising, Saif al-Arab was put in charge of military forces by his father in order to put down protesters in Benghazi. Saif al-Arab was viewed as the most low-profile of Gaddafi's eight children.
Early life.
Saif al-Arab was born in 1982 in the Libyan capital of Tripoli. His father was Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, and his mother was Safia Farkash, Gaddafi's second wife. Saif al-Arab was wounded in the U.S. bombing attack of 1986 when he was four years old.
Life in Munich.
In 2006 Saif al-Arab enrolled as a student at the Technical University of Munich in Germany. In November that year, while living as a student in Munich, Saif al-Arab became involved in a fight with a nightclub bouncer, after his girlfriend was thrown out of Munich’s "4004" nightclub for performing a strip show for Saif al-Arab. In the resulting scuffle Saif al-Arab received a cut to his head. Although Saif al-Arab was charged, the Munich public prosecutor dropped charges on the basis that a prosecution would not be in the public interest. German police later received reports that Saif al-Arab was planning an acid attack against the bouncer and the Libyan embassy in Germany unsuccessfully attempted to secure diplomatic immunity for Saif al-Arab. By March 2007, Saif al-Arab's location was not known and it was thought that he was not in Germany.
In 2008, Saif al-Arab was again studying in Munich. Excessive noise from the exhaust of his Ferrari F430 led to questions from the German police and his car being impounded. Also that year Saif al-Arab was suspected of attempting to smuggle an assault rifle, a revolver and munitions from Munich to Paris in a car with diplomatic number plates. However, the case was later dropped as the alleged weapons were never found and the German public prosecutor decided that there was insufficient evidence to proceed with a prosecution. The Guardian newspaper reported that German police officers had stated that the case was dropped out of fear that German businesses and residents in Libya would suffer retaliatory action, although this was denied by the German prosecutor's office. In addition to his studies, Al Jazeera reported Saif al-Arab engaged in unspecified business activities and spent much of his time partying while in Munich. Notwithstanding these media reports, Saif al-Arab was viewed as the most low-profile of Gaddafi's sons.
Actions during the Libyan civil war.
In February 2011, following the outbreak of the Libyan civil war, the German press reported that Saif al-Arab had returned to Libya. Subsequently, the Bavarian Interior Ministry stated that he had been declared "persona non grata".
On 26 February 2011, the United Nations Security Council issued Resolution 1970 which imposed a travel ban on Saif al-Arab but stopped short of imposing asset freezing as it did with many other members of the Gaddafi family. An Interpol notice (orange notice) was then issued against him.
Death.
On 30 April 2011, a Libyan government spokesman, Moussa Ibrahim, announced an air strike on Saif al-Arab's house had killed Saif al-Arab, along with three of Muammar Gaddafi's grandchildren. Moussa Ibrahim refused to release the names of the grandchildren killed for "privacy reasons". The government also claimed Muammar Gaddafi was present in the house during the attack, but "escaped". The next day Libyan state TV showed footage of two bodies in a hospital fully covered and veiled, and thus unidentifiable, but claimed that one of them was Saif al-Arab Gaddafi's corpse.
NATO said it struck a command and control center, not a residential structure and that it was not targeting individuals. The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office says it is unable to verify if Saif al-Arab or his relatives were killed.
Members of the opposition centred in Benghazi have speculated that the Libyan government's claim of Saif al-Arab's death was a tactic to gain sympathy. Abdul Hafez Goga, spokesman for the National Transitional Council, said he thinks it could all be fabrication: "Back in 1986, Gaddafi once claimed that Ronald Reagan, then US president, had launched a strike on his compound in Tripoli and killed his daughter. Many journalists since then investigated and found out that the actual child that had died had nothing to do with Gaddafi, that he sort of adopted her posthumously."
NATO claimed that it has no evidence of his death and could neither confirm nor deny Libyan claims. They further said what the Libyan government has called a "residence" actually held an underground bunker which is used as a command and control center and that was the target.
The French surgeon Gérard Le Clouerec who worked at a private clinic in Libya was asked by the Libyan authorities to provide independent verification of the identity of the bodies of one adult and two children. While Le Clouerec was confident that all three had been killed as a result of blast injuries, due to the severity of the injuries he could not identify the bodies of the children. He was able to confirm that the adult corpse was the body of a man aged about 30, with a thin moustache and beard. Le Clouerec was shown a photograph, which he was told depicted Saif al-Arab. The face of the man's body matched that of the photograph and Le Clouerec concluded that the body was "most probably the son of Colonel Gaddafi." The highest-ranking Roman Catholic official in Tripoli, Apostolic Vicar Giovanni Innocenzo Martinelli, also confirmed the death of Saif al-Arab; his body was reported to be shown to the leaders of churches in Libya.
On 25 May, Silvio Berlusconi, the Italian prime minister, dismissed claims of Saif al-Arab's death as propaganda. He said that according to intelligence services, Saif al-Arab was not dead but was living in another unspecified country.
In August, with the pro-Gaddafi forces on the brink of losing Tripoli, Saif al-Arab's brother Mutassim spoke of envying Saif al-Arab as according to Mutassim, his brother had been "martyred" in a NATO airsrike. Mutassim had been speaking privately to his former girlfriend, Talitha van Zon.
Funeral.
About 2,000 of Muammar Gaddafi's supporters attended the funeral of the Libyan leader's son Saif al-Arab, his second youngest, in Tripoli on 2 May 2011, as the regime intensified its attack on the besieged city of Misrata. The elder Gaddafi himself did not attend the funeral, however, two of his other sons, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, who was seen as his father's intended successor, and Hannibal were both observed in the crowd.
Saif al-Arab's body, covered in a cloth of pro-Gaddafi green, was brought to the Al-Hani Cemetery in a black ambulance.
Three of Muammar Gaddafi's grandchildren, identified by the authorities as being a child each of Hannibal, Muhammad and their sister Ayesha, were also buried.

</doc>
<doc id="31037655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037655" title="Ballygunner Castle">
Ballygunner Castle

Ballygunner Castle is a medieval/17th-century castle. Believed to be the site of an original Viking stronghold. Current structure is a combination of a medieval & 17th century building.

</doc>
<doc id="31037672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037672" title="Government efficiency">
Government efficiency


</doc>
<doc id="31037691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037691" title="Medfield Social Library">
Medfield Social Library

The Medfield Social Library (est.1786) was a proprietary library in Medfield, Massachusetts. It incorporated in 1809. By 1816 it consisted of some 700 volumes, among them "The Panoplist", Mary Pilkington's "Mirror for Females", Susanna Rowson's "Invisible Rambler", Claude-Étienne Savary's "Letters on Egypt", Scott's "Lessons in Reading", and George Staunton's "Embassy to China." Librarians included "Dr. Prentiss." As of the 1880s "a remnant" of the library was reportedly "stored at the town farm."

</doc>
<doc id="31037701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037701" title="Karsdorf Fault">
Karsdorf Fault

The Karsdorf Fault ( or "Karsdorfer Verwerfung") is a striking tectonic fracture line, which is part of the Central Saxon Fault, and is located in the eastern Ore Mountains and the Elbe Valley Slate Mountains. It forms the northern geological boundary of the Eastern Ore Mountains in the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge with the Elbe zone, where it is adjoined by the Döhlen Basin and the Kreischa Basin.
It derives its name from the town of Karsdorf near Rabenau, formerly also known as "Wendisch-Carsdorf". As a result the fault line is also called the Wendisch-Carsdorf Fault Line ("Wendisch-Carsdorfer Verwerfungslinie") in historical literature.
Near Karsdorf the fault line runs in a southeasterly direction where it is geomorphologically outlined by the following clearly visible features:
South of the fracture line is an almost level wooded area with remnants of sandstone - the Dippoldiswald and Hirschbach Heaths - which are drained by the Oelsabach, Hirschbach and Lockwitzbach. These woodland areas are part of the Cretaceous Elbe Sandstone and are regionally important for their water supply. The oldest sections of these relicts belong to the earliest Cretaceous deposits ("Niederschöna Formation") in the Dresden region. They are separated from the main Elbe Valley chalk region by the Karsdorf Fault.

</doc>
<doc id="31037702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037702" title="Inland sea">
Inland sea

Inland sea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31037723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037723" title="South African Class 8 4-8-0">
South African Class 8 4-8-0

The South African Class 8 4-8-0 of 1902 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1902 and 1903 the Cape Government Railways placed twenty-three 8th Class steam locomotives with a 4-8-0 Mastodon type wheel arrangement in service, three on the Cape Western System, eight on the Cape Midland System and twelve on the Cape Eastern System. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered but retained their Class 8 classification.
Manufacture.
Evolution.
The first 8th Class locomotives of the Cape Government Railways (CGR) were Consolidation types designed by H.M. Beatty, the Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the CGR from 1896 to 1910. It was later to become the South African Railways (SAR) Class 8X.
While these first Schenectady and ALCO built 2-8-0 locomotives were being subjected to exhaustive testing on all types of traffic and under varying conditions, some trouble was experienced with the leading two-wheeled pony truck and, when designs were prepared at Salt River for a later order for more locomotives, the pony truck was replaced with a four-wheeled bogie.
These twenty-three locomotives were the first 8th Class locomotives of the CGR to be built with a Mastodon type wheel arrangement. In spite of the difference in wheel arrangement, these Consolidations and Mastodons of the CGR were all grouped together into the 8th Class.
Manufacturer.
The new 4-8-0 locomotives were built by Neilson, Reid and Company in 1901 and 1902 and delivered in three batches in 1902 and 1903. The first batch of three, numbered in the range from 801 to 803, went to the CGR’s Western System in 1902. Of the second batch of ten that arrived in 1902, eight were numbered in the range from 358 to 365 and allocated to the Midland System, while the other two became numbers 771 and 772, allocated to the Eastern System. The last batch of ten, numbered in the range from 773 to 782, arrived in 1903 and all went to the Eastern System.
They were conceived as mixed traffic locomotives, equally suitable for goods and passenger work. They had larger driving wheels than the Class 7, bar frames, used saturated steam and had Stephenson valve gear. In service it was found that the four wheeled bogies and the slightly shorter fixed wheelbase made them steadier and easier riding than their 2-8-0 predecessors.
Class 8 sub-classes.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the SAR came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
When these twenty-three locomotives were assimilated into the SAR in 1912, they were renumbered in the range from 1069 to 1091, but they retained their Class 8 classification.
The rest of the 8th Class Consolidations and Mastodons of the CGR, together with the Class 8-L1 to 8-L3 Mastodon locomotives of the Central South African Railways, were grouped into nine more different sub-classes by the SAR. The other locomotives became SAR Classes 8A to 8F and the 2-8-0 locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Modification.
During A.G. Watson’s term as Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the SAR from 1929 to 1936, many of the Class 8 to Class 8F locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, larger bore cylinders and either inside or outside admission piston valves. The outside admission locomotives had their cylinder bore increased from to and retained their existing SAR Class 8 classifications, while the inside admission locomotives had their cylinder bore increased to and were reclassified by having a "W" suffix added to their existing SAR classifications.
Of the Class 8 locomotives, five were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and outside admission piston valves, while retaining their Class 8 classification.
Four locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and inside admission piston valves and reclassified to Class 8W.
The Class 8 and Class 8W works numbers, renumbering and superheating modifications are shown in the table.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8 family of locomotives served on every system in the country and in the 1920s became the mainstay of motive power on many branchlines. Their final days were spent in shunting service and by 1972 they were all withdrawn.
Modifications illustrated.
The main picture shows Class 8 no. 1088, ex CGR no. 779, as built, at East London circa 1930. The following pictures serve to illustrate both sides of the Class 8 locomotive as well as the piston valve and superheating modification.

</doc>
<doc id="31037733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037733" title="Wellington Pit">
Wellington Pit

Wellington Colliery was a coal mine operating on the Manchester Coalfield before 1869 in Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
Originally named Messhing Trees, the colliery was sunk by William Ramsden and, with Nelson Pit, formed Ramsden's Shakerley Collieries. The colliery worked the Trencherbone mine at 360 yards and was ventilated by furnace in 1895. Coal to make gas and household coal was produced in 1896 from the Arley, Hell hole, Trencherbone and Yard mines. Shakerley Collieries employed 422 underground and 87 surface workers. (Total for both pits) 
The colliery lasted until 1935 when the company was taken over by Manchester Collieries and closed the same year.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="31037734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037734" title="Richard Clarida">
Richard Clarida

Richard Clarida (born 1957) is an American economist, C. Lowell Harriss Professor of Economics and International Affairs at the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University and Global Strategic Advisor for PIMCO. He is notable for his contributions to dynamic stochastic general equilibrium models. He is a former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and is a recipient of the Treasury Medal.
Academic career and research contributions.
Since 1988, Richard Clarida has instructed students in Economics and International Affairs at Columbia University, where he is the C. Lowell Harriss Professor of Economics. From 1997 until 2001, Clarida served as chairman of the Department of Economics at Columbia University. Earlier in his career, he had been a member of the Cowles Foundation at Yale University.
Clarida's research centers on dynamic stochastic general equilibrium modeling, a branch of applied general equilibrium theory that is influential in contemporary macroeconomics optimal monetary policy, especially through the lens of time series analysis. His studies with Jordi Galí and Mark Gertler suggest that monetary policy in many countries today resembles a forward looking Taylor rule, whereas the policy makers of the 1970s failed to follow such a forward looking Taylor rule.
Clarida has published numerous frequently cited articles in leading academic journals on monetary policy, exchange rates, interest rates, and international capital flows. He is frequently invited to present his research to the world's leading central banks, including the Federal Reserve, the ECB, the Bank of England, and the Bank of Japan. Recently, he has written on the monetary policy implications of the low-inflation period created by the 2008 financial crisis.
Other professional achievements.
Clarida served as the Assistant Secretary of the United States Treasury for Economic Policy, a position that required confirmation by the US Senate. In that position, he served as chief economic advisor to two Treasury Secretaries, Paul O'Neill and John W. Snow, advising them on economic policy issues, including the U.S. and global economic prospects, international capital flows, corporate governance, and the maturity structure of U.S. debt. In May 2003, Treasury Secretary John W. Snow awarded Clarida The Treasury Medal in recognition for his record of outstanding service to the Treasury Department.
Clarida has served as a consultant to several prominent financial firms, including the Global Foreign Exchange Group at Credit Suisse First Boston and Grossman Asset Management. Since 2006, he has been Global Strategic Advisor with PIMCO. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the National Bureau of Economic Research. Clarida was director of the NBER Project on and Editor of G7 Current Account Imbalances: Sustainability and Adjustment. Since 2004, he has served as co-editor of the "NBER International Macroeconomics Annual" and since 2009 as Co-Managing Editor of the "Journal of Applied Financial Economics".
Clarida appears frequently on Bloomberg media, often as a guest of Tom Keene. He most recently appeared on Bloomberg TV's GOP Debate Coverage, live from Dartmouth College, where he discussed economic policy with Keene and Austan Goolsbee.
Personal life.
Clarida received his BS from the University of Illinois and his MA and PhD from Harvard University. He resides in Connecticut with his wife and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="31037776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037776" title="List of Boeing 727 operators">
List of Boeing 727 operators

The list of Boeing 727 operators lists both former and current operators of the aircraft.
Original commercial operators.
List of operators who purchased or leased aircraft new:
Other commercial operators.
List of operators who purchased or leased aircraft second-hand:
Government, military and other operators.
As well as commercial operators the 727 has been used by military, government and private operators. The United States military used the 727 as a military transport, designated as the C-22.

</doc>
<doc id="31037785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037785" title="Little Hoole">
Little Hoole

Little Hoole is a civil parish in Lancashire, England, It contains the village of Walmer Bridge, and the remaining part is predominantly a farming community. Other nearby villages include Much Hoole and Longton. The parish had a population of 1,815 people in 2001.
Geography.
Little Hoole is near an inlet brook running to the River Douglas. The A59 from Ormskirk to Preston crosses the township from south to north. 
History.
The parish was part of Preston Rural District throughout its existence from 1894 to 1974. In 1974 the parish became part of South Ribble.
Hoole railway station was in the parish, but closed in 1964.
Community.
Locals typically frequent the nearby pubs: the "Walmer Bridge Inn", the "Fox Cub", and the "Longton Arms".
Wind Farm planning application.
In May 2011, a planning application was submitted to South Ribble Borough Council to erect 4 wind turbines on moss land to the East of the village. Local response to the application has been mixed with strong support both supporting and objection to the development; with objections mainly focusing on the development being on green belt land.
The applicant withdrew the application in December 2011 pending further studies.

</doc>
<doc id="31037790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037790" title="Zavodskoy (inhabited locality)">
Zavodskoy (inhabited locality)

Zavodskoy () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31037820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037820" title="Hutchinson's rule">
Hutchinson's rule

The observation that the trophic structures (i.e. mouths) of sympatric congeneric species generally vary by a factor of ~1.3. This variation presumably leads to niche differentiation, allowing coexistence of multiple similar species in the same habitat, by partitioning food resources.

</doc>
<doc id="31037845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037845" title="Michael S. Bernick">
Michael S. Bernick

Michael S. Bernick (born October 1, 1952) served as Director of California’s labor department, the Employment Development Department (EDD) from 1999 to 2004. He is a practitioner and theorist of job training and employment strategies. In a series of articles and books written during the 1980s and 1990s, drawing on his experience in community job training, he argues against the then-expanding social welfare system. He sets out alternative strategies of inner city entrepreneurship and market-based training and job ladders. In the 2000s, his practice and writing turned to worker retraining and reemployment strategies in response to the job losses accompanying globalization, technology, and the impacts of the Great Recession.
Bernick grew up in Los Angeles through Fairfax High School, and attended Harvard University (B.A. 1974), Oxford University (Balliol College, B. Phil. 1976) and the University of California, Berkeley Law School (J.D. 1979).
After graduating from law school, he spent much of the next seven years as executive director of the San Francisco Renaissance Center, a community job training agency that operated a series of literacy and vocational training classes, an early welfare to work program, and five business ventures providing transitional employment. In 1986 Bernick went into private law practice but remained a board member of several community job training agencies until being appointed EDD Director in 1999. Following the recall of California Governor Gray Davis, Bernick returned to law at the Sedgwick firm in San Francisco, and joined the Milken Institute as a fellow in employment policy. He continues to be active with several community job training agencies and work force intermediaries in California and with the Autism Job Club.
Criticism of the Welfare State, and Developing Market-Oriented Job Creation and Training.
In the early 1980s, Bernick began a series of articles and books on job training and employment, written from the viewpoint of the practitioner. "The Dreams of Jobs" (1982) reviews the job training programs in San Francisco from 1960 to 1980, and was followed a few years later by "Urban Illusions" (1986), covering job training experiences at the Renaissance Center.
Bernick was an early proponent of what became welfare reform under President Bill Clinton, and of market-based approaches to vocational and literacy training. He also argued for strategies of inner city entrepreneurship and inner city loan funds.
After becoming EDD Director in 1999, Bernick continued to write about training strategies, particularly job ladders for low wage workers and employment for workers with disabilities. His 2006 book, "Job Training That Gets Results" is an attempt to summarize lessons learned from the job training programs of the past 50 years. It contains the themes of market-oriented training and entrepreneurship, along with the professionalization of the low wage workforces, role of extra-governmental entities, and restructuring of government social services structures.
Worker Retraining and Reemployment Strategies in Response to Job Losses.
After leaving EDD in 2004, Bernick’s practice and writing turned to worker retraining and reemployment strategies. In twice-monthly California employment postings dating from early 2009 for the website Fox & Hounds, he has chronicled the large scale job losses in California employment during the Great Recession and the transformation of California industries. In essays for Zocalo Public Square and other journals, he has examined a range of employment issues: the breakdown in full time employment and rise of alternative forms of employment, the projected growth of the “non-knowledge economy,” the evolving forms of job placement, policies that restrict job creation, crowdfunding and anti-poverty impacts, and why most approaches today to wage inequality are ineffective.
As a practictioner, Bernick joined with workforce intermediaries and businesses in designing worker retraining for growth occupations in engineering, health care, and information technology. He has designed re-employment projects, utilizing the emerging internet job search and sorting tools. 
The Autism Job Club.
Bernick has been involved since 2004 in a series of projects involving adults on the autistic spectrum. He was part of teams developing programs for persons with autism at California State University East Bay and at William Jessup University. He helped develop The Specialists Guild, employing persons with autism in software testing, and the Autism Job Club, for building extra-governmental autism employment networks.
Transit Village Movement.
In 1988 Bernick was elected to the board of directors of the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) rail system and soon began to note the lack of land development linked to rail. With UC Berkeley Professor Robert Cervero, he established a research center at UC Berkeley focused on the link of land use and transit, and together they published a series of articles leading to their 1996 book, "Transit Villages in the 21st Century". The book helped to develop and popularize the transit village concept.
Controversy.
Veteran Bay Area investigative reporters "Matier & Ross" wrote in the San Francisco Chronicle in June 1996 that the newly elected BART Director Michael Bernick "accepted campaign contributions from BART contractors". And "excerpts of a federal wire tap in connection with indictments showed that Bernick regularly talked to contractors about extending a deal for them at the same time they were helping to raise campaign contributions for his re-election." 

</doc>
<doc id="31037857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037857" title="Thomas Reeve (divine)">
Thomas Reeve (divine)

Thomas Reeve, D.D. (1594–1672), was an English royalist and Anglican divine.
Life.
Reeve was born at Langley, Norfolk, in 1594. He was the son of Thomas Reeve, a husbandman, and received his education in a school kept by Mr. Matchet at Moulton, Norfolk. On 30 June 1610 he was admitted a sizar of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1613, M.A. in 1617, B.D. in 1624, and D.D. in 1660. After taking orders he was presented to the incumbency of Waltham Abbey, Essex, succeeding Thomas Fuller (1608–61), and he died there on 21 February 1671–2.
During his incumbency at Waltham Abbey, the Royal Arms of Charles II were put up in the church. They were commissioned in 1662 at a cost of £24, and are still on display. The date may reflect the passing of the Act of Uniformity 1662.
Reeve, who was greatly admired as a preacher, published a number of sermons and devotional works.

</doc>
<doc id="31037859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037859" title="Mohamed Boualem">
Mohamed Boualem

Mohamed "Hamia" Boualem (born August 28, 1987 in Oran) is an Algerian football player. He is currently playing for USM Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Personal.
Boualem was born on August 28, 1987 in the city of Oran. He got his nickname, Hamia, from his father.
Club career.
Boualem started his career with his hometown club of ASM Oran. In January 2010, he was loaned out to USM El Harrach for six months. In the summer of 2010, he was loaned out again to USM El Harrach, this time for one season.
International career.
On November 28, 2010, Boualem was called up to the Algeria A' national football team for a three day training camp in Algiers. He was also preselected by head coach Abdelhak Benchikha in a group of 40 players for the 2011 African Championship of Nations. However, he did not make the final squad for the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31037862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037862" title="Official Board Markets">
Official Board Markets

"Official Board Markets" is a weekly trade publication for independent and integrated paperboard converters and mills, packaging buyers, paper recyclers, packaging end-users, and paper brokers. 
Commonly known as the "Yellow Sheet,", is used as a standard for both transacted containerboard pricing (linerboard and medium) and multiple grades of recovered paper stock pricing. It is also used to track linerboard prices as an economic indicator.

</doc>
<doc id="31037875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037875" title="Patrick Murphy (producer)">
Patrick Murphy (producer)

Patrick Murphy is an American Television producer for the Nine Network of Public Media, the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) affiliate in St. Louis, Missouri. He also serves as the station's Vice President of Production.
Since 1981, Murphy has been known as "Voice of Channel 9", producing and narrating such programing as the popular "Living St. Louis" and the nationally distributed A Time for Champions chronicling the St. Louis University soccer dynasty of the 1960s and 70s. He has also worked locally on many of PBS's national projects such as "The War" and "Facing the Mortgage Crisis", an effort that was managed by The Nine Network.
Murphy has been honored for his outstanding work in television with four Emmys, two Auroras and numerous Tellys.

</doc>
