<doc id="31133016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133016" title="Marian Mihail">
Marian Mihail

Marian Cucchiaroni Mihail (born 7 May 1958 in Brașov) is a Romanian football manager and former player who last served as technical director for the Romanian Football Federation.
In May 2009, at the ceremony to mark the Romanian Football Federation's centenary, Mihail received the Order of Merit for his services to Romanian football.
Playing career.
Mihail played professionally in Romania for 17 years beginning his career as a right winger with his home town club FC Brasov, before moving onto play as a right full-back for the top flight side Sportul Studentesc. His first competitive game for Sportul Studenţesc was in Octobre 1976 against the German side FC Schalke 04 in UEFA Cup. With Sportul Studentesc, he won the Balkans Cup in 1980, and was Romania vice-champion in 1986 and Romania Cup finalist in 1979.
Mihail also won five caps for Romania. He made his international debut on 23 March 1982 against Belgium.
Coaching career.
After his playing career ended, Mihail turned to coaching. He began his career as head coach of several top-flight teams in Romania, such as Sportul Studentesc, FC Brasov and FCM Bacau.
In October 1999 Mihail became head of the Technical Department of Steaua Bucharest, Romania's most successful and famous football club. While at Steaua Bucharest he worked closely with the first team coaching staff in identifying and signing talent as well as developing a draft strategy and has also overseen the direction of the club's youth development efforts. During the 2000-01 season Mihail has contributed to the success of the club in winning the Romanian League title and the Romanian Super Cup.
In the 2001-02 season Mihail had a short stint as technical instructor and lecturer for the Romanian FA Coaching School and also managed the Romanian side AS Rocar Bucharest, before moving to the Middle East where he had successful spells in Syria with
Al Qardaha, when he was also named Syria Coach of the Year in 2003 and, in Saudi Arabia with Al Riyadh.
In June 2004, in order to obtain his UEFA Pro Licence, Mihail returned to Romania. During this same time he helped to set up the youth program of the Romanian Football Federation and also managed the Romanian side FC Sibiu.
In June 2006 Mihail again moved to the Middle East and managed Al Jaish Damascus in Syria, Al Rayyan Beirut in Lebanon and Al Jahra SC in Kuwait. In between he had a spell at the Romanian side Sportul Studentesc.
In June 2009 Mihail became technical director of Al Wahda Abu Dhabi Youth Academy. It was under his technical leadership that the Academy won two UAE Youth League titles, at U-17 and U-19, in 2010. He then returned home to join the Coaching Education Department of the Romanian Football Federation.
In August 2011, Mihail was named as Romania technical director, on a three-year contract. The position was new in the Romanian Football Federation at the time. It included responsibility for the overall management and direction of the technical growth and development of football in Romania. Mihail also supervised the youth national teams and liaised with senior and U21 national teams head coaches. 
After being in the role for four months, Mihail presented a technical master plan to restore the competitiveness of Romanian football.
Over the past three years, the new performance strategy gave the future of Romanian football a significant boost. Improvements have been made on all areas, more especially on the FIFA ranking and on the performance of all youth national teams, both male and female.
Mihail's spell as Romania technical director came to an end in February 2014, just a few weeks before elections for a new President of the Romanian Football Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="31133026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133026" title="Carlos Prates Airport">
Carlos Prates Airport

Carlos Prates Airport is one of the airports serving Belo Horizonte, Brazil. It is named after the neighborhood where it is located and this, in turn, was named after an Engineer that planned parts of Belo Horizonte.
It is operated by Infraero.
History.
The airport was inaugurated in 1944 and has always been dedicated to general aviation and flying schools. Since 1973 it has been administrated by Infraero.
Airlines and destinations.
Currently no scheduled flights operate at this airport.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Belo Horizonte.

</doc>
<doc id="31133031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133031" title="Telecommunication transaction processing systems">
Telecommunication transaction processing systems

Telecommunication networks can generate a vast amount of transactions, each transaction containing information about a particular subscriber's activity. Telecommunication network consist of various interacting devices and platforms, any transaction done by a subscriber if often recorded in multiple devices as it passes through the network. Telecommunication organizations need to be able to extract transaction information from these various network elements in order to correctly bill subscribers for the usage on the network. Transaction processing system is a subset of information systems, and in the telecommunications industry, forms an integral part of the management information system. TPS can be regarded as the link between the various network elements and platforms and the information management uses to drive the business.
CDR Creation.
Each activity occurring on a specific network element within the telecommunication network, is recorded by the particular platform. All available information about the particular transaction is recorded and encoded into different formats. The recorded transactions, is called Call Data Records(CDR). Various formats and protocols are used to encode these CDRs, some example encoding protocols used includes ASN.1, XML and CSV . Some platform vendors develop their own encoding protocols for security reasons. Encoded CDRs are grouped into batches and periodically moved to locations from where the TPS can collect the CDR batches in order to process it.
Gathering of CDR files.
The TPS is configured to periodically check each platform for any new CDR batches becoming available. The TPS uses standard network protocols, including FTP, SFTP and FTPS to transfer the CDR batch file to the TPS. Some platform vendors have developed their own file transfer protocols, in which case the TPS need to be customized in order to retrieve the batch files from these platforms. The TPS is also responsible for ensuring the integrity of each file transferred ensuring that no IP network errors renders the file corrupt. Checking for duplicate files from the particular platform is also a responsibility of the TPS to ensure that no file is processed more than once, resulting in duplication of CDRs. Once batch files are retrieved from a particular network element, they are backed up to long term media. Some governments requires that record of each and every transaction need to be stored infinitely in its raw (encoded) format. The batch sizes and frequency differs for each network element and is also directly related to the number of active subscribers on a particular telecommunication network.
Decoding / Enrichment and Loading of CDRs.
Once the TPS has successfully retrieved all the CDR batches, its first task is to decode the CDRs into human readable (ASCII) format. This is probably one of the most important functions of the TPS within the telecommunication industry, as any error in the decoding process will result in inaccurate, unreliable information being passed onto downstream processes and ultimately to the reports viewed by the management. The TPS usually consists of standard functionality to decode all standard CDR encoding protocols like XML, CSV and ASN.1. Should a particular platform vendor encode CDR's in non standard protocols, customization on the TPS is required. Vendors are then required to supply detailed CDR specifications to the suppliers of the TPS in order to enhance the TPS to recognize the CDR formats and also detailed explanations of which information is contained within the CDR about a particular subscriber's activity on the network. Upon successful completion of the decoding, the decoded CDR batches are then checked for duplicate records. Duplicate CDRs are discarded and reported on. The TPS administrators are responsible for verifying the CDRs flagged as duplicates, are in fact true duplicates.
Depending on the TPS software used, the processes following the CDR duplicate level checking can differ. Some high-end TPS combines information from various elements to create master CDRs before being loaded into the datastore, whilst a lower-end or entry-level TPS directly loads data upon completion of CDR duplicate checking. The datastore used by the TPS consists of a Relational database management system. Some high-end enterprise RDMS includes the likes of ORACLE, Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL. The choice of RDMS to use, is usually driven by company policy, price and recommendations from the TPS supplier. The RDMS should at least be able to support the volumes of CDRs generated by the particular network.
Once all intermediate processing on the CDR batches have completed, the TPS can now load the data into the particular datastore. Separate entities within the RDMS is used to store the data from the different network platforms. The architecture and layout of the RDMS is usually dictated by the particular TPS. The different entities within the RDMS now contains detailed records of each transaction which occurred on any particular platform within the network. Advanced application administrators can now query the detailed data by means of SQL. Depending on network size and subscriber base and particular network platform, the different RDMS entities can become extremely large and queries on these entities requires a high-end hardware architecture. In order to speed up recurring queries and reports on the CDR detail within the RDMS entities, the TPS often summarizes the data based on certain dimensions, also known as aggregates.
Aggregation of loaded data.
Summaries, also known as aggregates, are used to summarize important data that needs to be accessed quickly and easily. Recurring reports i.e. hourly, daily and monthly reports are sourced from aggregates, as retrieving the information from the detail entities can take huge amount of time and requires a lot of hardware resources to accomplish. The summaries regularly retrieve data from the detail entities within the RDBMS and summarizes it based on certain required information (dimensions). Key measures are summed in order to give hourly, weekly or daily summaries depending on the reporting requirements. Some governments require that at least 6 months of detailed data must be readily available in the RDMS. They also require that a minimum of 5 years of summaries should be available. Due to the high costs of storage, telecommunication organization regularly archive data not required anymore. Data older than the set retention period is moved from high cost storage to low cost permanent media (i.e. tape). Should it be required that data older than the retention period be retrieved, the data can be either restored from the raw CDRs (backed up by the TPS upon collection), or it can be restored from the datastore backups.
Reporting.
Management requires reports in order to assess the performance of the business using various KPI's. The data for these reports are processed and stored by the TPS. Summaries are built in order to achieve optimal query and reporting performance. The last function is to present the data in a user friendly, timely and accurate manner. Various tools exists for administrators to present the data to management. BI Tools like ORACLE BI, Business Objects and Cognos can be configured to source data from the TPS datastore summaries giving users the ability to view the data via a web browser. This gives the user up to date information and the ability to cross tabulate and build higher level summaries. Microsoft Excel can also be used to present the data to the end-user. Some TPS providers have the ability of integrating with Microsoft Excel, giving information to the user in a spreadsheet, from where Excel Pivoting can be used to summarize and present the data. Most BI-Tools have functionality to schedule reports which can send reports via e-mail or even SMS to configured users, ensuring timely availability of reports.

</doc>
<doc id="31133038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133038" title="Miodrag Medan">
Miodrag Medan

Miodrag Medan (born 27 April 1970) is a Bosnian Serb former footballer who played as a forward for clubs in Yugoslavia and Greece.
Playing career.
Born in Mostar, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia, Medan began his career playing for local side FK Lokomotiva Mostar. He would spend the next few seasons in Serbian football with FK Bačka, FK Rad and FK Sloboda Užice.
In December 1995, Medan joined Greek first division side Paniliakos F.C. for six months, appearing in 15 league matches for the club. He moved to Greek second division side Panionios F.C. for the following two seasons, helping the club promote to the first division where he led the team in goal-scoring and won the Greek Cup in his second season.
Medan would spend the rest of his playing career in the lower levels of Greek football, leading the second division in goal-scoring while at PAS Giannina F.C. in the 1998–99 season. He also played for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C., Panelefsiniakos F.C., Ilisiakos F.C. and Athinaida Kypseli F.C. before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="31133043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133043" title="Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda">
Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda

Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda ("TDT") was a politician in Nyasaland in the years prior to independence.
He was President-General of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) from 1957 to 1958, and founded the Congress Liberation Party in 1959.
Background.
TDT Banda was a Tonga born in Nkhata Bay on the shores of Lake Nyasa. He had spent many years abroad in Southern Rhodesia before returning to Nyasaland.
The Nyasaland African Congress was organized by James Frederick Sangala and Levi Zililo Mumba, and inaugurated in October 1944 with Mumba as President.
Sangala, Mumba and their associates had a vision of the NAC becoming "the mouthpiece of the Africans", cooperating with the government and other colonial bodies "in any matters necessary to speed up the progress of Nyasaland".
By the mid-1950s, African leaders in European colonies throughout Africa were encouraged by the example of Ghana's independence to take a more aggressive stand in seeking independence. 
NAC Secretary-General.
TDT Banda was elected Secretary-General of the Congress on 30 March 1956. 
Sangala, now President of the Congress, and TDT Banda were arrested by the colonial authorities and tried for sedition in May 1956.
The charges related to a "seditious publication" handed by Banda to the editor of the Nyasaland Times. The charge was the subject of a question in the British House of Commons.
A delegation of women traveled by bus to the High Court in Zomba led by Rose Chibambo, the Treasurer of the NAC and later the organizer of the Malawi Congress Party Women's League after 1958.
The women were arrested after demonstrating, chanting:
Sangala was not an accomplished public speaker, while TDT was in his element at rallies. 
In January 1957, activists persuaded the veteran Sangala to step down and replaced him by the younger TDT.
NAC President.
The colonial authorities had created the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in 1953, an unpopular measure with Congress leaders, and had allocated two seats in the federal parliament for African MPs from Nyasaland. Sangala had accepted the decision of two Congress members to take these seats against opposition from members of the Congress who opposed participation in such an unrepresentative body. 
In 1957, TDT Banda called on the Congress to ask the two MPs to withdraw. When they refused, in July 1957 they were expelled from the party.
In September-October 1957, Congress leaders met government representative to discuss constitutional changes. Observers at this meetings said that TDT did not perform well. He lacked "intellectual clarity and depth" and was often confused. Shortly after, the government withdrew recognition of Congress as the official representatives of Africans.
TDT Banda endorsed a strike by the Transport and Allied Workers Union. 
He was the first to mobilize youth to spread awareness of the NAC as "Kwacha builders".
TDT Banda attended the celebrations in Ghana in March 1957, where he met Dr. Hastings Banda (not a relative) and asked him to return to Nyasaland to lead the nationalist movement.
In July 1958, Hastings Banda did return. TDT had been forced to resign on charges of misappropriating funds, and Hastings Banda was elected President of the NAC in his place.
TDT had failed to satisfy either the radicals or the conservative old guard in his party.
Later Hastings Banda was arrested and the NAC banned.
Later career.
After being ousted, TDT Banda formed the Congress Liberation Party (CLP). All the members of the Nkata Bay branch of the NAC went over to the CLP, including Filemon Phiri.
However, with the release of Hastings Banda from prison in April 1960 and the resurgence of the NAC's successor, the Malawi Congress Party, TDT Banda and other members of the old guard of the Congress faded into oblivion and were rarely heard of again.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31133053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133053" title="South Coast Air Basin">
South Coast Air Basin

The South Coast Air Basin—SCAB is one of several geopolitical regional air basin areas designated by the state of government of California, for the purpose of air quality management and air pollution control in Southern California. The SCAB district was created in 1969. and includes all of Orange County and 
the non-desert regions of Los Angeles County, Riverside County, and San Bernardino County. 
South Coast Air Quality Management District—AQMD.
Initially, the SCAB had four air-quality management agencies, one for each of the four counties. In 1977, the legislature merged these four agencies into the South Coast Air Quality Management District—South Coast AQMD. 
The SCAB is the smoggiest region of the U.S., and the South Coast AQMD provides hourly reports throughout the district. The South Coast AQMD has jurisdiction over stationary sources of pollution, while the California Air Resources Board has jurisdiction for mobile sources of pollution, including automobiles and trucks.
Since 2011 the South Coast AQMD also manages portions of two other desert air basins: the Salton Sea Air Basin in Riverside County, and the Mohave Desert Air Basin in Los Angeles, Kern, and San Bernardino Counties. 
South Coast AQMD governing board.
The governing board has thirteen members selected by a combination of city, county, and state agencies. 
"The South Coast Air Quality Management District is the regional government agency responsible for air pollution control. AQMD regulations must be approved by the state Air Resources Board and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency." 

</doc>
<doc id="31133077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133077" title="FC Torpedo Moscow in European football">
FC Torpedo Moscow in European football

1966–67 European Cup.
Manager:
1967–68 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Manager:
1969–70 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Manager:
1973–74 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Manager:
1975–76 UEFA Cup.
Manager:
1977–78 European Cup.
Manager:
1978–79 UEFA Cup.
Manager:
1982–83 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Manager:
1986–87 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Manager:
1988–89 UEFA Cup.
Manager:
1989–90 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Manager:
1990–91 UEFA Cup.
Manager:
1991–92 UEFA Cup.
Manager:
1992–93 UEFA Cup.
Manager: Yury Mironov.
1993–94 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Manager: Yury Mironov.
1996–97 UEFA Cup.
Manager: Valentin Ivanov.
1997 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Manager: Aleksandr Tarkhanov.
2000–01 UEFA Cup.
Manager: Vitaliy Shevchenko.
2001–02 UEFA Cup.
Manager: Vitaliy Shevchenko.
2003–04 UEFA Cup.
Manager: Sergei Petrenko.

</doc>
<doc id="31133084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133084" title="2007–08 Scottish Junior Cup">
2007–08 Scottish Junior Cup

The 2007–08 Scottish Junior Cup was a competition in Scottish Junior football. It was won for the first time by Bathgate Thistle after they defeated Cumnock Juniors 2–1 in the final at Rugby Park, Kilmarnock.
First round.
These ties were scheduled to take place on Saturday 6 October 2007.
Second round.
These ties were scheduled to take place on Saturday 3 November 2007.
Third round.
These ties were scheduled to take place on 1 December 2007.
Fourth round.
These ties were scheduled to take place on 19 January 2008.
Fifth Round.
These ties were scheduled to take place on 16 February 2008.
Quarter finals.
These ties were scheduled to take place on 15 March 2008.
Semi finals.
These ties were played on 12 April and 19 April 2008, respectively, at Broadwood Stadium, Cumbernauld.
Final.
The final took place on 1 June 2008, at Rugby Park, Kilmarnock.

</doc>
<doc id="31133095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133095" title="Lorry (film)">
Lorry (film)

Lorry is a 1980 Malayalam film directed by Bharathan and written by Padmarajan. It stars Achankunju, Balan K. Nair, Nithya, Meenakumari and Prathap Pothan. 
Plot.
Velan (Achan Kunju) is a street circus performer. He kidnaps and forcibly blinds village children and turn them into fellow circus performers. Once, he falls in love with one of his victims, Rani (Nithya), as does his lorry driver friend Ouseph (Balan K. Nair). Eventually, Ouseph and Velan kills each other allowing Rani to escape with the man she really loves, a lorry cleaner (Prathap Pothen).

</doc>
<doc id="31133097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133097" title="Ontario Genomics Institute">
Ontario Genomics Institute

The Ontario Genomics Institute (OGI) is a not-for-profit organization that manages cutting-edge genomics research projects and platforms. OGI also helps scientists find paths to the marketplace for their discoveries and the products to which they lead, and it works through diverse outreach and educational activities to raise awareness and facilitate informed public dialogue about genomics and its social impacts.
History.
The Ontario Genomics Institute was created as a not-for-profit corporation in 2000 following a landmark announcement made by the Canadian Government to support the science of genomics. In parallel with genome centres in other regions across Canada, OGI was launched in collaboration with the Ontario government to coordinate genomics programs within the province.
Since its foundation in 2000, OGI has identified, developed, funded and managed nearly 50 projects and technology service platforms worth $700 million in funding.
OGI supports projects that focus on a number of application areas, including research in human health and disease; agriculture; biodiversity and conservation; environmental stewardship; and natural resources management.
Core Activities.
OGI’s Research Program sources, cultivates, develops, funds and supports Ontario-led genomics and related research projects with the promise to further enhance Ontario’s position as a leading global contributor to the field of genomics.
OGI has created its own programs to support and assist researchers:
OGI also runs several programs that support the commercialization of research – moving discoveries from the lab into use in the clinic:
Technology development and genomics platforms are integral to research, and OGI has supported a number of projects focused on the creation of new technologies such as informatics tools to analyze sequence data, imaging and automated computer analysis programs, software systems, "microfluidic technologies", microchips able to quantify "microRNA", and mass cytometer technology that aids early disease diagnoses.
OGI also plays a critical role in Ontario’s genomics platforms. Genomics platforms provide services such as DNA sequencing, gene-expression and microarray services, and statistical analysis and biobanking. Ontario’s leading platform is "The Centre for Applied Genomics (TCAG)", which provides services to more than 1,300 laboratories in 28 countries, 300 academic institutions, 44 companies and 13 government and non-governmental organizations.
The International Consortium Initiative (ICI) program was launched in 2003 to help fund unique international projects to enhance Canadian science. ICI partners include the "Structural Genomics Consortium (SGC)", which works to determine the 3-D structures of proteins of medical significance and put them in the public domain. To date, over 1100 structures are in SGC’s database. The UK and Sweden are the major international collaborators on SGC.
The "International Regulome Consortium (IRC)" explores regulation of gene function in mammalian cells during development and its implications for stem cell research and regenerative medicine. The potential for stem cell therapeutics and regenerative medicine is huge with an estimated total market in the US alone of $2 – 3 billion over the next five years. Many other countries are involved in the IRC including France, the Netherlands, Singapore, UK and USA.
"International Barcode of Life (iBOL)" is developing new genomics approaches to make reliable and rapid species identification possible, helping to combat threats including climate change and invasive specific migration, amongst others. 25 countries are involved in iBOL, all working towards building a public resource containing DNA barcodes from five million specimens representing at least 500,000 species over five years. To date, nearly three-quarters of a million DNA barcodes have been sequenced and a global resource containing these DNA barcodes, BOLD, has been created and receives around four million hits per month.
All of the above has resulted in significant outcomes for research in Ontario. Several new resources have emerged including 11 databases and four new software tools.
Outreach Activities.
OGI awards its Genomics Teaching Prize annually to the Ontario secondary school teacher whose teaching best reflects a commitment to introducing the next generation of Ontarians to the effect of genomics and its many applications, outcomes and socio-economic impacts, as well as our understanding of life at the molecular level.
OGI’s Summer Research Fellowships offer undergraduate students a unique opportunity to engage in meaningful, real-life research in genomics, proteomics, bioinformatics, or GE³LS (ethical, economic, environmental, legal, and/or social issues relating to genomics and proteomics research). They form part of OGI’s efforts to build the future of genomics in Ontario.
As part of its outreach function, OGI supports education initiatives and posts a number of educational resources online on its website.
OGI has collaborated with several groups to help reach new audiences through the arts. OGI provided a series of "Facts behind the Fiction" fact sheets to accompany the award-winning Canadian TV science drama "ReGenesis".
OGI also partnered with the "Liz Lerman Dance Exchange" to put on the Canadian premier of "Ferocious Beauty: Genome".
OGI supported artist Joseph Rossano with a series of collections around DNA Barcoding that have been featured at the Bill Lowe Gallery in Atlanta. More information "Bold: The Art of DNA Barcoding" and "Joseph Rossano - Bold: Moorea".

</doc>
<doc id="31133122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133122" title="Leicester's Commonwealth">
Leicester's Commonwealth

"Leicester's Commonwealth (originally titled ") (1584) is a scurrilous tract that circulated in Elizabethan England and which attacked Queen Elizabeth I's favourite, Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester. The work was read as Roman Catholic propaganda against the political and religious policy of Elizabeth I's regime, in particular the Puritan sympathies fostered by Leicester. In doing so it portrayed Leicester as an amoral opportunist of "almost satanic malevolence", and circulated lurid stories of his scandalous deeds and his dangerous plots. 
The text is presented as "a letter written by a Master of Art of Cambridge to his friend in London, concerning some talk passed of late between two worshipful and grave men about the present state and some proceedings of the Earl of Leicester and his friends in England." The title "Leicester's Commonwealth" was first used in the 1641 edition. The book seriously influenced Leicester's historical reputation in the ensuing centuries.
Content.
The book takes the form of a dialogue between a Cambridge scholar, a lawyer, and a gentleman; it begins as a plea for religious toleration, by asserting that Catholics who are loyal to the queen and country should be free to profess their religion. The lawyer, who professes to be a moderate "papist", expresses the view that religious differences do not undermine the patriotism of citizens, giving examples of religiously divided populations who have united to defend their country against external enemies. 
The text quickly veers into an attack on the Earl of Leicester, making all kinds of accusations against him, most notably a number of murders. His first is that of his wife Amy Robsart, who according to the tract was found at the bottom of a short flight of stairs with a broken neck, her headdress still standing undisturbed "upon her head". Leicester's hired assassin later confesses while on his death-bed, as "all the devils in hell" tear him in pieces. Meanwhile the assassin's servant, who witnessed the deed, has already been dispatched in prison by Leicester's agents before he could tell the story. With the expert help of his Italian physician, Dr. Giulio, Leicester goes on to remove the husbands of his lovers Douglas, Lady Sheffield and Lettice, Countess of Essex (ladies referred to as "his Old and his New Testaments"). The Cardinal of Chatillon, Nicholas Throckmorton, Lady Margaret Lennox, and the Earl of Sussex are dispatched in the same manner, by poison. After the murder of Walter Devereux, 1st Earl of Essex, Leicester pays Francis Drake to kill Thomas Doughty, who knows too much about it (Doughty had been executed by Drake for mutiny at sea).
The work also reveals Leicester's monstrous sexual appetite and his and his new wife's lewd private lives, including abortions, illnesses, and other shortcomings. The death of their little son, which occurred shortly before the book's publication, is commented on with a biblical allusion in a stop press marginal note: "The children of adulterers shall be consumed, and the seed of a wicked bed shall be rooted out." 
A born traitor in the third generation who has "nothing of his own, either of his ancestors, or of himself", Leicester is also accused of systematically despoiling the lands the queen has granted him, and of ruthlessly extorting money from those unluckily enough to be in his power. The mathematician Thomas Allen is said to be employing the art of "figuring" to further the earl's unlawful designs and of having endeavoured to bring about a match between his patron and Queen Elizabeth by the black art. Leicester, a "perpetuall dictator" who hates and terrorizes the helpless queen, is to blame that England has no heir of Elizabeth's body since he has prevented her marriage to a foreign prince. This he did by falsely claiming to be engaged to her and showing her suitors' ambassadors "a most disloyal proof" thereof. Having failed to attain the supreme power through marriage, he—who is of no religion himself—is building up a party of misled Puritans that will assist him to dethrone Elizabeth in favour of his brother-in-law, the Earl of Huntingdon. On achieving this, he will get rid of Huntingdon and place the crown on his own head. Leicester's immediate arrest and execution is recommended as the most beneficial act the queen could ever do to her country. 
As the book progresses, it increasingly becomes a defense of Mary Stuart's succession rights, which by 1584 had become imperilled due to her involvement in several plots to assassinate Elizabeth.
Authorship.
The authorship of the pamphlet has been much disputed. Francis Walsingham, in charge of Elizabeth's secret service, thought Thomas Morgan, the exiled agent of Mary Stuart, to be the author when the book first surfaced in August 1584. Dudley likewise believed that Mary was involved in its conception: "Leicester has lately told a friend that he will persecute you to the uttermost", she was informed by one of her spies. The Jesuit Robert Persons soon became popularly associated with it and it was published under his name in later editions; however he denied authorship in his memoirs, although he was involved in smuggling the book from France to England. Scholars now generally believe that Persons was not the author. Ralph Emerson, a Catholic activist, was arrested in possession of several copies, but could not or would not identify the author when questioned.
Modern editions often suggest that there was no single author, and that several members of the exiled Catholic community based in France wrote the text as a group effort; the chief candidates being Charles Arundell and Charles Paget. The original intention of the text is probably linked to a factional struggle at the French court. It favoured the party of the Guises, supporters of the Catholic League, against those with a more positive attitude to Elizabeth and England.
Suppression.
The work was welcomed by exiled Catholics as the best weapon they had; Francis Englefield, who served Philip II of Spain, wrote on hearing of it: "Instead of the sword which we cannot obtain, we must fight with prayer and pen." These kinds of books, he thought, "ought to be to this Queen of England's annoyance ... who I hope shall have a fall at last".
Elizabeth's government made considerable efforts to suppress the work, but according to D.C. Peck, "from the evidence of the book's circulation and its later effects, however, the government's attempts at suppression must be said largely to have failed." The queen published an official condemnation of the libel: "Her majesty in her conscience, before God, unto you, that her Highness not only knoweth in assured certainty, the libels and books against the said Earl, to be most malicious, false and slanderous, and such as none but the devil himself could deem to be true". She offered an amnesty for anyone who handed in the book, but threatened imprisonment for anyone who was found with it in their possession. Attempts to identify and suppress printing of it in France were unsuccessful, but imported copies were seized and Elizabeth managed to get King James VI of Scotland to impound copies. Nevertheless hand-copied versions of the book circulated widely.
Sir Philip Sidney wrote a defence of his uncle against the attacks in "Leicester's Commonwealth." He dismissed most of the charges as alehouse talk and instead concentrated on defending the noble lineage and character of his grandfather John Dudley, Duke of Northumberland; he even rhetorically challenged the author to a duel. Sidney's reply remained unpublished, though. It was eventually printed in Collins's "Sydney Papers" in 1746.
The book highly influenced Leicester's historical reputation, as later writers from William Camden onwards relied heavily on it. Thus it laid the foundation of a historiographical tradition that depicted the Earl as the classical Machiavellian courtier and as the evil spirit of Elizabeth's court.

</doc>
<doc id="31133136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133136" title="Hamilton Harlequins">
Hamilton Harlequins

The Hamilton Harlequins are a New Zealand rugby union team. Membership of the club is restricted to ek-Waikato (County) representatives, All Blacks or members of the New Zealand Services team, and certain invited players. The club is an invitation XV more akin to the famous Barbarian FC than to a normal rugby club with weekly fixtures in a competitive league structure; the aims of the club are:
History.
Following visits to England by the All Blacks, some players decided to form a club based on similar lines to famous clubs in England. As a result the New Zealand Barbarians was formed in Auckland and the Hamilton Harlequins in Waikato.
It was decided to ask the London Harlequins for approval for the club to be called the Harlequin FC and to use the same colours. This permission was granted and the club played its first match in Tauranga in 1939, but before the club could establish itself the Second World War intervened. The club was revived after the war in 1946.
Many All Blacks have played in the New Zealand Harlequin’s jersey over the years and, since the inclusion of the under 17 development programme in 1992, the club has given a clear development pathway for young up and coming Waikato rugby players. Annual matches with NZ Area Schools and the NZ Vikings Club from Northland have become regular features. A NZ Harlequin camp, backed by the NZ Rugby Foundation and supported by the Waikato Rugby Union for approx 40-45 players, is staged at St Paul's Collegiate School annually.

</doc>
<doc id="31133175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133175" title="Thomas Berry (disambiguation)">
Thomas Berry (disambiguation)

Thomas Berry (1914–2009) was a Catholic priest of the Passionist order, cultural historian and ecotheologian.
Thomas Berry may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31133201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133201" title="Thomas Bury (judge)">
Thomas Bury (judge)

Thomas Bury (1655–1722) was an English judge. He took part in the decision regarding the 1704 Aylesbury election. King George I raised Bury to the position of Chief Baron of the Exchequer.
Early life and education.
Bury was born in 1655 to Sir William Bury, knight of Linwood, Lincolnshire. Thomas was the youngest of William Bury's sons. In February 1667, Bury earned a bachelor's degree at Lincoln College, Oxford and entered as a student at Gray's Inn the following year.
Career.
He was called to the bar in 1676, and after some years' practice he became a serjeant-at-law in 1700. Later, on 26 January 1701, when Sir Littleton Powys was removed to the King's Bench, he was made a Baron of the Exchequer. Regarding this appointment, his epitaph says that he "by his Great Application to the Study of the Law, raised himself to one of the highest Degrees in that Profession." Speaker Onslow, in his notes to Bishop Burnet's "History", affirms 'that it appeared from Bury's book of accounts' that he gave Lord-keeper Wright a bribe of £1000 for elevating him to the bench. He was knighted the same year. For fifteen years he continued to discharge the duties of a puisne judge.</ref name=”Sainty”>
Aylesbury election.
In 1704, when corrupt practices had extensively prevailed at the Aylesbury election, the Whigs, who were then defeated, knowing that proceeding by a petition to the House of Commons would be useless, caused actions to be brought in the Queen's Bench division by some of the electors against the returning officers. One of these actions, the leading case of Ashby v. White, after judgment for the defendants in the Queen's Bench, from which Lord Chief Justice Holt dissented, was taken to the House of Lords upon a writ of error, and the judges were summoned to advise the house. Of these judges Bury was one, and his opinion was given in support of that of the Lord Chief Justice in the court below; and Lord Somers being of the same opinion, the decision of the queen's bench was reversed by fifty to sixteen. On 20 and 22 April 1710 he, with Chief Justice Parker and Mr. Justice Tracy, at the Old Baile, tried one Damary for riot and being ringleader of a mob.
Robert Mann.
There is a letter of his (25 June 1713) preserved among the treasury papers to the lord high treasurer, about offering a reward for the apprehension of one Robert Mann.
Later life.
On the death of Sir Samuel Dodd, Bury was raised by King George I to be Chief Baron of the Exchequer 10 June 1716. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1718.
He died on 4 May 1722, suddenly, having been engaged in the discharge of his judicial duties until within a few hours of his death. He was buried, with a handsome tomb, in the parish church of Grantham, Lincolnshire. He never married and left no issue, and his estates at Irby, near Wainfleet, passed to his grandnephew, William Bury, of Lyndwood Grange, Lincolnshire. There is a portrait of him, engraved in mezzotint by Smith, after a picture by J. Richardson dated 1720.

</doc>
<doc id="31133207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133207" title="Dosta!">
Dosta!

'"Dosta!" a Romani word meaning "enough", is a Council of Europe awareness raising campaign which aims to bring non-Roma closer to Roma citizens by breaking down the barriers caused by prejudices and stereotypes.
History of Dosta!
The Dosta! campaign began as part of a wider Council of Europe and European Commission Joint Program called "Equal Rights and Treatment for Roma in South Easter Europe".
It has been implemented in the following countries in 2006 and 2007:
Originally launched as a regional campaign, “Dosta!” sparked the interest of other Council of Europe Member States and consequently, other states have joined or created partnerships:
Dosta !-Congress Prize for Municipalities.
The “DOSTA!-Congress Prize for municipalities” was launched in 2007 by the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities and the Dosta! Campaign as part of their ongoing work to strengthen the role of local authorities in the field of Roma and minority rights’ protection.
The 3rd edition of the Dosta!-Congress Prize is for Municipalities which have implemented innovative and creative initiatives to effectively ensure the long-term integration of the Roma and Traveller communities within their borders, in addition to respecting the diversity of these communities and ensuring their active participation in democratic life.
The top three projects will receive the Dosta!-Congress Prize for Municipalities during a ceremony organised on the occasion of the Congress’ 20th Plenary Session which will take place at the headquarters of the Council of Europe in Strasbourg in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31133212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133212" title="Minuscule 851 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 851 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 851 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε408 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 260 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 19-22 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241 Sections, the last in 16:20), without references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin, incipits, pictures, and verses to John. The Synaxarion and Menologion – liturgical books – were added in the 16th century.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with a mixture of other text-types. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has a mixture of the text-types in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 it has a mixture of the Byzantine text-types. It has some relationship to the group 7 in Luke 20.
History.
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 12th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was written by Basilius.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (851e). C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.
The manuscript once belonged to Borgianus. It was housed in the Vatican Library. Then it was housed at the Antiquariat Quaritch, in London. The actual owner of the codex is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="31133221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133221" title="Grave Circle A, Mycenae">
Grave Circle A, Mycenae

Grave Circle A in Mycenae is a 16th-century BC royal cemetery situated to the south of the Lion Gate, the main entrance of the Bronze Age citadel of Mycenae, southern Greece. This burial complex was initially constructed outside the fortification walls of Mycenae, but was ultimately enclosed in the acropolis when the fortifications were extended during the 13th century BC.
Grave Circle A and Grave Circle B, the latter found outside the walls of Mycenae, represent one of the major characteristics of the early phase of the Mycenaean civilization.
The circle has a diameter of and contains six shaft graves, where a total of nineteen bodies were buried. It has been suggested that a mound was constructed over each grave, and funeral stelae were erected. Among the objects found were a series of gold death masks, additionally beside the deceased were full sets of weapons, ornate staffs as well as gold and silver cups. The site was excavated by the archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann in 1876, following the descriptions of Homer and Pausanias. One of the gold masks he unearthed became known as the "The Death Mask of Agamemnon", ruler of Mycenae according to Greek mythology. However, it has been proved that the burials date circa three centuries earlier, before Agamemnon is supposed to have lived.
Background.
During the end of the 3rd millennium BC (circa 2200 BC), the indigenous inhabitants of mainland Greece underwent a cultural transformation attributed to climate change, local events and developments (i.e. destruction of the "House of Tiles"), as well as to continuous contacts with various areas such as western Asia Minor, the Cyclades, Albania, and Dalmatia. These Bronze Age people were equipped with horses, surrounded themselves with luxury goods, and constructed elaborate shaft graves. The acropolis of Mycenae, one of the main centers of Mycenaean culture, located in Argolis, northeast Peloponnese, was built on a defensive hill at an elevation of and covers an area of . The Shaft Graves found in Mycenae signified the elevation of a native Greek-speaking royal dynasty whose economic power depended on long-distance sea trade. Grave Circles A and B, the latter found outside the walls of Mycenae, represent one of the major characteristics of the early phase of the Mycenaean civilization.
History.
Mycenaean shaft graves are essentially an Argive variant of the rudimentary Middle Helladic funerary tradition with features derived from Early Bronze Age traditions developed locally in mainland Greece. Grave Circle A, formed circa 1600 BC as a new elite burial place, was probably first restricted to men and seems to be a continuation of the earlier Grave Circle B and correlates with the general social trend of higher burial investment taking place throughout entire Greece that time. The Grave Circle A site was part of a larger funeral place from the Middle Helladic period. At the time it was built, during the Late Helladic I (1600 BC), there was probably a small unfortified palace on Mycenae, while the graves of the Mycenaean ruling family remained outside of the city walls. There is no evidence of a circular wall around the site during the period of the burials. The last interment took place circa 1500 BC.
Immediately after the last interment, the local rulers abandoned the shaft graves in favour of a new and more imposing form of tomb already developing in Messenia, south Peloponessus, the tholos. Around 1250 BC, when the fortifications of Mycenae were extended, the Grave Circle was included inside the new wall. A double ring peribolos wall was also built around the area. It appears that the site became a temenos (sacred precinct), while a circular construction, possibly an altar was found above one grave. The burial site had been replanned as a monument, an attempt by the 13th century BC Mycenean rulers to appropriate the possible heroic past of the older ruling dynasty. Under this context, the land surface was built up to make a level precinct for ceremonies, with the stelae over the graves being re-erected. A new entrance, the Lion Gate, was constructed near the site.
Findings.
Grave Circle A, with a diameter of , is situated on the acropolis of Mycenae southeast of the Lion Gate. The site is surrounded by two rows of slabs, while the space between the rows was filled with earth and roofed with slabs. The Grave Circle contains six shaft graves, the smallest of which is measured at 3.0 m by 3.5 m and the largest measured at 4.50 m by 6.40 m (the depth of each shaft grave ranges from 1.0 m to 4.0 m). Over each grave a mound was constructed and stelae were erected. These stelae had been probably erected in memory of the Mycenaean rulers buried there; three of them depict chariot scenes.
A total of nineteen bodies – eight men, nine women and two children – were found in the shafts, which contained two to five bodies each (with the exception of Grave II, which was a single burial). Among the findings, boars' tusks were found in Grave IV, as well as five golden masks in Graves IV and V. One of them, the supposed Mask of Agamemnon, was found in Grave V. Additionally, gold and silver cups, including Nestor's Cup and the Silver Siege Rhyton, were found by the side of the deceased. A number of gold rings, buttons and bracelets were also found. Most of the graves were equipped with full sets of weapons, especially swords, and the figural depictions of the objects show fighting and hunting scenes.
Many objects were designed to signify the social rank of the deceased, for instance, decorated daggers, which were objects d'art and cannot be considered real weapons. Ornate staffs as well as a scepter from Grave IV clearly indicate a very significant status of the deceased. Items such as bulls' heads with a double axe display clear Minoan influences. At the time that the Grave Circle was built, the Mycenaeans had not yet conquered Minoan Crete. Although it seems that they recognized the Minoans as the providers of the finest in design and craftsmanship, most of the objects decorated in Minoan style and buried in Grave Circle A are not of Minoan but of indigenous craftsmanship. On the other hand, certain motifs such as fighting and hunting scenes are clearly of Mycenaean style.
Excavations.
The site of Mycenae was the first in Greece to be subjected to modern archaeological excavation. It was excavated by the German archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann in 1876. Schliemann, inspired by Homer’s descriptions in the "Iliad", in which Mycenae is termed "abounding in gold", began digging there. He was also following the accounts of the ancient geographer Pausanias who, during the 2nd century AD, described the once prosperous site and mentioned that according to a local tradition, the graves of Agamemnon and his followers, including his charioteer Eurymedon and the two children of Cassandra, were buried within the citadel. What Schliemann discovered in his excavation satisfied both his opinion of Homer's historical accuracy and his craving for valuable treasures. Among the objects he unearthed in Grave Circle A was a series of gold death masks, including one he proclaimed "The Death Mask of Agamemnon". Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias. He stopped his exploration after the fifth grave was explored, believing that he had finished excavating the Grave Circle, however a year later Panagiotis Stamatakis found a sixth shaft grave.
It has since been proven that the burials in Grave Circle A date from 16th century BC, before the traditional time of the Trojan War (13th-12th century BC), in which Agamemnon is supposed to have participated.
Historical inferences.
The valuable objects found in the graves suggest that powerful rulers were buried in this site. Although Agamemnon was supposed to have lived centuries later, these graves might have belonged to the former ruling dynasty of Mycenae – according to Greek mythology, the Perseides.
In the 2006 History Channel documentary, "The Exodus Decoded", it was suggested that some of the objects are related to the events of the Exodus, the departure of the Israelites from ancient Egypt. It was argued that the Tribe of Dan is linked with the Danaans of the Greek mythology, though this view is not widely supported.

</doc>
<doc id="31133224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133224" title="BKB">
BKB

BKB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31133228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133228" title="Keli (film)">
Keli (film)

Keli is a 1991 Malayalam romantic drama film written by John Paul and directed by Bharathan. Starring Jayaram, Charmila, Innocent, Murali and Nedumudi Venu in pivotal roles, the film had songs composed by Bharathan himself.
Plot.
The film is about a handicapped young man Narayanankutty, who owns a stationery shop. He falls in love with a school teacher Sridevi. The film takes a turn when Hema, another teacher at the same school, is murdered. Narayanankutty is accused in relation with the case, being trapped by Lazer, a filthy businessman and politician.
Soundtrack.
There are two songs the film, composed by director Bharathan and lyrics penned by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri.
The song "Thaaram Valkkannadi Nokki" is composed in Bharathan's favourite Carnatic raga Hindolam.

</doc>
<doc id="31133229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133229" title="Brive-la-Gaillarde–Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway">
Brive-la-Gaillarde–Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway

The Brive-la-Gaillarde - Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway is a 248-kilometre long French railway line, that connects the rural areas between Brive-la-Gaillarde and the large southern city of Toulouse via Figeac and Capdenac. The railway was opened in several stages between 1858 and 1864.
Route.
The Brive-la-Gaillarde–Toulouse railway leaves the Gare de Brive-la-Gaillarde in a southeastern direction, towards Gare de Saint-Denis-près-Martel. Here the line to Gare d'Aurillac leaves in an easterly direction and the preserved line to Martel in a westerly direction. The line soon crosses the River Dordogne and follows the valley for a short while before it opens out into flat land. The Gare de Figeac is on two curves, where the line from Gare d'Aurillac joins. Shortly after leaving Figeac the railway travels through a 1.3 km tunnel and then travels alongside the River Lot and the preserved railway from Cahors joins, however this line has been disused since 2003. At Gare de Capdenac the line to Gare de Rodez leaves in an easterly direction. The line continues south from here, where after 95 km the line from Gare d'Albi and Gare de Rodez join at Gare de Tessonnières, although most interchanges are made at Gare de Gaillac. From here the line twists and turns around the River Tarn until Gare de Saint-Sulpice-sur-Tarn where the river heads northwest. At Saint-Sulpice the line from Gare de Castres joins and the former line to Montauban leaves. The line continues a further 30 km before arriving at its southern terminus of Gare de Toulouse-Matabiau.
Main stations.
The main stations on the Brive - Toulouse railway are:
History.
The first section that was opened in 1858 led from Lexos to Capdenac. Capdenac and Brive-la-Gaillarde were connected in 1862. Finally, the line was extended from Lexos to Toulouse in 1864.
Before the opening of this line in 1864, trains between Paris and Toulouse would travel via Tours and Bordeaux. The line remained the main link between Paris and Toulouse until 1891 when the Brive-Cahors section of the Orléans–Montauban railway was opened.
In 2010 a complete renewal of all the ballast between Capdenac and Tessonnières (95 km) took place.
Accident.
On 3 August 1985 at 3:48 p.m., at the height of Flaujac-Gare, a serious train accident took place between a Corail intercity train towards Assier and a train towards Gramat.
Services.
The Brive - Toulouse railway is used by the following passenger services:

</doc>
<doc id="31133243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133243" title="Manasseh Dawes">
Manasseh Dawes

Manasseh Dawes (died 1829) was an English barrister and miscellaneous writer.
Life.
Dawes was a barrister of the Inner Temple. He left the bar and lived quietl at Clifford's Inn for the last thirty-six years of his life. He died 2 April 1829.
Works.
Dawes took the Whig side on the American War of Independence, and the law of libel; but defended William Blackstone against Jeremy Bentham, had doubts as to abolishing tests, and held that philosophical truth was beyond reach. His major works were:
Dawes also edited (1784) a posthumous poem by John Stuckey on 'The Vanity of all Human Knowledge,' with a dedication to Priestley.

</doc>
<doc id="31133254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133254" title="Toyen (band)">
Toyen (band)

Toyen was formed in Autumn 1988, officially starting in March 1989. The band name was taken from a nickname of the famous Czech surrealistic woman painter, Marie Čermínova. Three of the four original members were in the legendary band Letadlo, which was banned by the Czech Communist regime in the early 1980s. Toyen formed shortly after the Velvet Revolution. Their songs had Czech lyrics, but they occasionally performed in English as well.
Meeting Murphy.
Scott Murphy from US-NYC, marketing supervisor from ABC-TV, saw the band while frequenting Prague music clubs. He collaborated with Toyen, and helped prepare their first US tour. The band soon began work on their first album, the EP The following the disappeared railroads. This song of the same title was a big hit in the local Czech charts. Their music was characterized as being mid-tempo, with blue mood, little nostalgic, and nice melodic vocals and sophisticated guitars. The CD featured a cover by famous photographer Tono Stano, and is still considered a collectible rarity.
Abroad success.
Toyen started their first US tour with big success at the Broadway club The Shooting Gallery.
The US tour included a concert at legendary CBGB. Czech label Bonton-Sony music subsequently signed an agreement with the band. Their next album, Last free swans!, was done under collaboration with producer Colin Stuart, with lyrics by London's Matt Black. This album featured a stronger, more psychedelic and groovy style. The album cover led to the band's first Czech Grammy nomination.
Toyen were invited during the summer to England and Wales and they played on the Open/air summer Festival in Cardiff. Toyen visited Austria the same year.
At a music competition in BREGENZ, Toyen met Paul King from MTV's 120 Minutes (UK). He ended up featuring video clips from David ONDŘÍČEK and live footage from Prague in a later episode of 120 Minutes.
Changes.
But life is changing, leader guitarist Ivo Heger left the band in the beginning of next year. It was very bad for the band, and the fans were unhappy. Ivo made own project The WAY and Toyen signed new contract with BMG CZ. Scott Murphy has prepared new US tour for the band. The band had decided to replace the guitarist and they took Jiří KŘIVKA, the guitar player, sound engineer and composer, who played with them in the beginning. Band knew he is not perfect composer as Ivo, but the guitarist was generally good. 
But the future show-not for Toyen. They prepared new album for BMG Blue painter in the Czech language "Malíř smutnej". Jan P. Muchow collaborated like the producer-supervisor. Jiří Křivka prepared two excellent dance mix of two songs and the band was still on the top. Toyen got CZ GRAMY 93 nomination, for the cover again. But the British electronic legend Depeche Mode took them, like support band on their Prague concert, including the Devotion tour in 1993.
Ending.
But the members of the band had the families, children, and many concerts and many work took off energy. Jiří Křivka, after US tour 2, left the band. Toyen were on the support tour of CD "Blue Painter-Malíř smutnej", with new guitarist František SAHULA. Members had „little holidays" after this tour. TOYEN came back with new guitarist - Petr VANA, and released next album Ia Orana in 1997, for CZ independent label Indies. The album included new songs, again in English, maybe more by the influence of the first EP. Jiří Šimeček wanted to made on this CD, CD-Extra, with the document history of the band. He did not to know it will be the last album of the band. The band had CZ gigs as usuall, but the atmosphere, inside the band was not so good. Producer of this last album was symbolic Ivo Heger, the ex-guitar player of the band and he played on the CD two tracks on the guitar and Hammond keyboards.
Director David Ondříček prepared movie about Toyen for Czech TV in 1997.
Toyen- with the famous, original line-up: Chromovsky, Heger, Vaclavek, Simecek, started to play again in 2010, we can see them on the special gigs or festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="31133291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133291" title="The Blacks (band)">
The Blacks (band)

The Blacks (originally called 'The Black Family') were an insurgent country band from Chicago, IL. They released two albums through Bloodshot Records.
Career.
The group formed when Danny Black (then called Danny McDonough) met Gina Black. Danny had previously played with a psychedelic hard rock band called 'Cornmother'. The band made its first live performance in 1995. They signed to Bloodshot Records two years later and released their first album, "Dolly Horrorshow", in 1998. After one more album, "Just Like Home" in 2000, the group disbanded.
In 2006, the band reunited for a concert at the "Taste of Randolph" in Chicago.
In 2010, the band reunited to record the 6-song "In Sickness and Health" digital download EP.

</doc>
<doc id="31133305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133305" title="George Browne (died 1661)">
George Browne (died 1661)

Sir George Browne (died 1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Browne was the son of William Browne of Radford Semele, Warwickshire. He was admitted to Gray's Inn in February 1619.
In April 1660, Browne was elected Member of Parliament for Warwickshire in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted on 30 June 1660.
Browne died early in 1661.when the manors of Leamington and Radford Semele passed to his relative Elizabeth Throckmorton, wife of Sir William Throckmorton.
Browne married Mary Littleton, daughter of Sir Edward Littleton, 1st Baronet in 1636 when his father settled on him the manor of Leamington, with view of frank-pledge, and a water-mill. Following his death, she married Sir Robert Fisher Bt.

</doc>
<doc id="31133306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133306" title="Sony Entertainment Television (UK &amp; Ireland)">
Sony Entertainment Television (UK &amp; Ireland)

Sony Entertainment Television is a general entertainment channel in the United Kingdom and Ireland from Sony Pictures Television (SPT), which launched on 7 April 2011.
History.
Sony Entertainment Television was made possible after Sony Pictures Television acquired channel 157 on Sky's EPG, previously owned by Film 24, in November 2010. A one hour timeshift channel was also available from launch after the purchase of Open Access 3's Sky EPG slot on channel 190. Both Film 24 and Open Access 3 closed on 4 April 2011, to make way for previews of Sony Entertainment Television. On 15 December 2011, Sony Entertainment Television was added to Virgin Media. On 2 April 2012, Sony Entertainment Television +1 moved to Current TV's former Sky EPG slot on channel 183, with channel 190 used to launch Men&Movies +1. On 3 July 2012, Sony Entertainment Television +1 moved to channel 181.
BT agreed a deal with Sony Pictures Television to offer its Sony Entertainment Television and Sony Retro programming on-demand on BT Vision from 1 March 2010. The move marked Sony Entertainment Television's debut in the UK market, over a year ahead of the launch of the Sony Entertainment Television channel.
Programming.
The channel is aimed at women aged between 25 and 54 and broadcasts a range of dramas and comedies, including "Hawthorne", "Huff", and '"Til Death". Sony Entertainment Television also brings UK series "Hustle" and "Hotel Babylon", along with the last ever season of "Las Vegas" and reruns of "Crossing Jordan", "Dawson's Creek", "My Boys", "Ned & Stacey", and "NewsRadio". It also shows movies from SET's parent company Sony Pictures Entertainment, such as "The Da Vinci Code", "All the King's Men", "Marie Antoinette", and "Philadelphia". From September 2011, "Holby City" began airing on Sony Entertainment Television. From 16 May 2012, Sony Entertainment Television will show BBC Spy drama "Spooks" from series 1. It was announced on 2 August 2012, that Sony Entertainment Television acquired the rights to broadcast Hot In Cleveland in the UK and Ireland, as it will show season 3 on 14 September 2012, season 1 and season 2 have already been broadcast on Sky Living.

</doc>
<doc id="31133307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133307" title="St Andrew's Church, Gunton">
St Andrew's Church, Gunton

St Andrew's Church, Gunton, is a redundant Anglican church adjacent to Gunton Hall, in the parish of Hanworth, Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in woodland to the east of the hall.
History.
The church was built in 1769. It was designed by Robert Adam for the owner of Gunton Hall, Sir William Harbord, to replace a former medieval church. It is the only building designed by Adam in Norfolk, and his only complete church in England.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Andrew's is constructed in gault brick, parts of which are rendered, with stone dressings. It is in the form of a temple with a tetrastyle (four columns) prostyle (protruding forward) portico. It is in Palladian style. The portico is set on three steps. It has four Doric columns along the front, and another similar column on each side, making it two bays deep. The architrave is plain, the frieze above it is decorated with four rosettes, and the cornice has dentils, as does the pediment. In the centre of he west end of the church is a doorway with a square-headed window on each side. Above each window and the doorway is a blank square with a recessed panel. The body of the church is four bays deep. On both the north and south sides are four niches, three square-headed windows, a plain architrave, rosettes in the frieze and dentils in the cornice. On the east side are three blank rectangular panels, the central one with a memorial tablet inscribed with the date 1665.
Interior.
The doorway leads to a circular entrance lobby with two doors. The door on the right leads to a stairway. The other door leads into the church, which is paved in stone with black diamond-shaped inserts. At the east end of the church is a step, then two curved steps leading up to the altar. Behind the altar is an oak reredos with fluted Corinthian columns having gilded capitals. In the central panel of the reredos is a painting of the Virgin and Child and other figures. The pews have wrought iron candle holders, and at the west end of the church are two box pews with brass gas lamps. The west gallery is supported by fluted pilasters with gilded capitals. The west wall is panelled, and the other walls have ornate plasterwork. In the ceiling is an oval panel containing guilloché and a central rose. On the north, south and west walls are hatchments. In the west gallery is a two-manual organ.

</doc>
<doc id="31133308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133308" title="Kypseli">
Kypseli

Kypseli may refer to the following places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="31133331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133331" title="Thomas Fielding">
Thomas Fielding

Thomas Fielding (fl. 1776–1787), was an English engraver.
Fielding is stated to have been born about 1758. He studied under Bartolozzi, but more especially under William Wynne Ryland, to whom he acted both as pupil and assistant, and was so much engaged on the engravings bearing that artist's name, that few original works of his own exist. After Ryland's disastrous end, Fielding produced some engravings in his own name. Among them were ‘The Meeting of Jacob and Rachael,’ and ‘Moses saved by Pharaoh's Daughter,’ after Thomas Stothard, R.A .; also ‘Theseus finding his Father's Sword and Sandals,’ and ‘The Death of Procris,’ after Angelica Kauffman, R.A. The latter are finely engraved in Ryland's stipple manner, and quite reach the level of that artist's productions. Little is known of his life, and the year of his death is unknown.
Fielding should be distinguished from an engraver, John Fielding, who preceded him, and about 1750 engraved some prints after Hogarth and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31133348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133348" title="2011 Asian Men's Volleyball Championship">
2011 Asian Men's Volleyball Championship

The 2011 Asian Men's Volleyball Championship was held from September 21 to September 29, 2011 in Azadi Sport Complex, Tehran, Iran.
Pools composition.
The teams are seeded by addition of ranking of 2009 Asian Men's Volleyball Championship and FIVB World Rankings divided by 2.
Final standing.
<br>
Team Roster
Javad Mohammadinejad, Amir Hosseini, Mehdi Bazargard, Mohammad Mousavi, Hamzeh Zarini, Farhad Zarif, Alireza Nadi, Farhad Nazari Afshar, Mehdi Mahdavi, Arash Keshavarzi, Arash Kamalvand, Amir Ghafour
Head Coach: Julio Velasco

</doc>
<doc id="31133375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133375" title="Otindi">
Otindi

Otindi is a village in Etayi Constituency, Omusati Region, Namibia. In 2011, 44 homesteads in the village were evacuated after heavy rain flooded the area. A police officer in Oshakati who lived in Otindi said of the flooding, "The whole area is under water, making it difficult for the people to prepare food. Our property has been destroyed, including our food. We have nothing left; we look upon our government to help us".

</doc>
<doc id="31133385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133385" title="Misattribution of memory">
Misattribution of memory

Memory plays an important role in a number of aspects of our everyday lives and allows us to recall past experiences, navigate our environments, and learn new tasks. From this view, information about a source of memory is assumed to contain certain characteristics that reflect the conditions under which the memory representations were attained. Judgments about these sources are made by evaluating the amount and nature of the characteristics. The accuracy of their recall varies depending on the circumstances at which they are retrieved. Generally speaking, misattribution of memory involves source details retained in memory but erroneously attributing a recollection or idea to the wrong source. Misattribution is likely to occur when individuals are unable to monitor and control the influence of their attitudes, toward their judgments, at the time of retrieval. Thus, memory is adapted to retain information that is most likely to be needed in the environment in which it operates. Therefore, any misattribution observed is likely to be a reflection of current attitudes.
Misattribution is divided into three components; cryptomnesia, false memories, and source confusion. It was originally noted as one of Daniel Schacter's, The Seven Sins of Memory. His book, "The Seven Sins of Memory: How the Mind Forgets and Remembers", identifies misattribution as a type of memory distortion or inaccuracy. For example, people may assert that they saw a face in one context when they actually encountered it in another.
Components of misattribution.
Cryptomnesia.
Cryptomnesia is a form of misattribution. It involves the unconscious influence of memory that causes current thoughts to be wrongfully attributed as novel. In other words, individuals mistakenly believe that they are the original generators of the thought. When cryptomnesia arises in literature or scholarly ideas it is often termed ‘inadvertent plagiarism,’ inadvertent because the subject genuinely believes the idea to be their own creation. Inadvertent plagiarism takes two forms. The first involves the plagiarizer regenerating a previously seen idea, but believing the idea to be novel. In the second form, the plagiarizer recalls the ideas of other author's as their own.
For example, a person may falsely recall creating an idea, thought, or joke, not intentionally engaging in plagiarism, but nevertheless believing to be the original source of memory.
False memories.
False memories occur when a person's identity and interpersonal relationships are strongly centered around a memory of an experience that did not actually take place. These false memories are often of a traumatic life experience and can become very detrimental to everyday life. False Memories are often the result of leading questions in a therapeutic practice termed Recovered Memory Therapy. In this practice, psychiatrists often put their patients under hypnosis to recover suppressed memories. This can be detrimental, as the individual may recall memories that never occurred. For example, there are instances of reported cases in which individuals falsely recall sexual abuse and pursue justice. These cases are extremely painful to both the accuser and to the accused, and may result in wrongful conviction. Due to incidents like these, false memories and repressed memories have lost most of their validity and reliability in a court of law.
Source confusion.
Source confusion occurs when an individual misattributes a source of a memory. Understanding the source of one’s memories is important to memory processes necessary for every day living. Memories arise both from perceptual experiences and from one’s thoughts, feelings, inferences, and imagination. Source monitoring theory postulates that memory errors occur when perceptual information is incorrectly attributed as being the source of a past experience. This may take place because one event shares the characteristics of another source. When a person has many sources of perceptual information about an event, their brain is easily able to evoke a memory of that event, even if they did not experience it, thus creating a misattributed memory. 
In one particular case of source confusion, a female rape victim falsely accused a memory doctor of being her rapist. In this case, the doctor had made a television appearance seen by the female victim prior to her attack. The woman misattributed the doctor’s face with that of her attacker. An additional example of source confusion involves Ronald Reagan. In this instance, Ronald Reagan tells a story about a heroic pilot to whom he personally awarded a medal. However, he was actually recalling the story line from a theatrical production entitled “Wing and a Prayer”. Reagan misattributed a real life experience with one he had actually seen in a movie. However, he strongly believed that he was involved in the medal process to this war hero.
Causes.
Cognitive causes.
Causes of cryptomnesia.
Cryptomnesia is a source-monitoring error in which people often have difficulty determining whether a concept was internally generated or experienced externally. People occasionally misattribute the creation of a novel thought or idea as their own, when in fact they are retrieving it from a previous experience. Some individuals fail to establish memories with enough detail to generate a source attribution, causing a misattribution of memory to the wrong source. People often truly believe that the information they plagiarized was actually that of their own.
Unintentional plagiarism is greater for information generated by others than ourselves. Researchers believe this may due to having better memory and associations for words we generate, as self-generated information is better remembered later. Moreover, cryptomnesia increases when information is generated by others before a self-generated idea. This may be due to the likelihood that people were thinking of their next response, rather than processing the source of the information.
Causes of false memories.
False recognition can occur as the result of making an implicit associative response, an automatic association between two concepts in memory. It is believed that associative responses never come to conscious attention, thus the activation of the concept is assumed to be implicit. An implicit associative response has shown to arise when seeing a word such as "car", might cause people to unconsciously think of an associative such as "truck". If the word truck is later presented to them, they may state they recognize seeing the item when they had actually generated it themselves. It is believed that the activation from the shown word may also activate the associative word, allowing the information to be easily accessible to the mind. Research has also shown that the more similar the presented and associative words are, or the more similar list items there are, the more likely it is that a false recognition error will be made.
Gist-based similarity, the robust encoding of semantic information rather than distinctive encoding, is another cause of false recognition. When studying a list of numerous related words, there is a high level of semantic overlap between memory items. The inability to keep each concepts separate and distinct from one another makes it difficult to recollect specific details, subsequently causing people to make responses based on memory gist’s rather than specific details. People may form a well-organized idea of what the semantic gist is, and anything that is semantically similar to that idea may be falsely recognized. Gist-based similarity has also been shown to occur in circumstances in which implicit associative responses are an unlikely source of misattribution. The false recognition error also becomes evident when a time pressure is presented during a recognition decision. Processes that work to discover a source for the basis of recognition take time to execute, as a result of a lack of time, false recognitions errors are made more often.
Fuzzy-trace theory, an opposing theory to source monitoring error, stipulates that memories are composed of two components; gist and verbatim traces. Verbatim traces are the surface details of physical stimuli, which encompass the clear visual images and source information of an experience. Though both traces are encoded simultaneously, they are stored in separate regions of the brain, allowing for each trace to posse a distinct lifespan. Verbatim traces, though readily available when a memory is first encoded, deteriorate quickly. Fuzzy-trace theory thus proposes that misattributed memories arise due to the short lifespan of verbatim traces, being that the quality of source information is rapidly declining. The misattribution of memory is therefore more likely to occur as the time between the encoding of an experience and the recall of the subsequent memory increases.
It has also been noted that misattribution may be a product of adaptive features of memory, rather than a product of a flaw in the memory system. The misattribution error often leads to conclusions of an inefficient memory system, however some researchers believe that the error is a cost associated with the benefits of a functioning and adequate memory system. The misattribution error reflects an adaptive memory system in which information that does not require people to remember all the specific details is lost. Specific details would only be preserved in situations where the specific details need to be remembered, such as memories of a highly emotional experience. The use of semantic gists may be a fundamental mechanism of memory, allowing people to categorize information and generalize across situations, a function associated with higher intelligence.
Neurological causes.
Neurological basis of false recognition.
Brain-damaged patients have provided useful insights into the underlying biological mechanisms involved in false recognition. Results from studies comparing levels of false recognition between patients with frontal lobe damage and age-matched controls, showed a significantly higher level of false recognition amongst the frontal lobe damaged individuals. The damage is believed to have caused disruptions in the adequate encoding of item-specific details or caused defective retrieval monitoring processes. These types of processes are needed to accurately recall the origins of memory representations, and without them, errors of origin can be made. Studies of false recognition in amnesic patients with damage to either the medial temporal lobe or other diencephalon structures, have demonstrated that the same processes involved in accurate recognition, are also involved in false recognition. These cortices play a role in strategic monitoring processing, as they attempt to examine other cortical outputs. If these cortices were damaged, there would be no control over the cortical outputs, increasingly the likelihood of a false recognition error. Additionally, patients suffering from amnesia or Alzheimer's disease have a reduced level of false recognition, believed to be caused by taking too many trials to create the semantic gist information needed for the attribution error.
False memories and PET scans.
A follow-up to the previous research was conducted by Daniel L. Schacter and colleagues. Similar to the study by Henry L. Roediger and Kathleen McDermott, subjects were read a list of associated words before they went into the PET scanner. During the first scan, subjects would make recognition judgments to determine what were the previous presented words. During the second scan, subjects had to make judgments about words that were not presented. For example: bed, rest, dream, tried, and awake would be in the list but not the word “sleep”. As with the study by Henry L. Roediger and Kathleen McDermott, subjects claimed to remember similar amounts of non-presented words as they did the words that were actually presented. The researchers noted that brain activity during the true and false recognition tasks were very similar. Monitoring the blood flow in the brain revealed there were in the left medial temporal lobe for both veridical and illusory recognition.
That is not to say that there were not differences. While monitoring blood flow in the brain during false recognition, a part of the frontal lobe that is thought to be a key monitor of memories actually showed greater activity when presented with a false recognition than with a true one. There seemed to be some discrepancy as subjects attempted to scrutinize the out-placed words, but were overcome by powerful memory illusion. This study demonstrates the ability of technology to help researchers understand to a greater extent the power of false memories.
Source confusion and FMRI scans.
T. Awipi and L. Davachi sought to provide evidence of competing subregions in the medial temporal lobe (MTL) that differed on the type of content they encoded. The researchers conducted a study in which subjects were asked to perform an encoding task in a functional magnetic resonance imaging (FMRI) scanner, where they were presented with 192 full colour photographs of scenes (containing a centrally presented novel scene and a smaller image of one of six objects). Participants were also instructed to imagine using the presented object in each scene, and were asked to report whether they were successful. A memory test was administered after participants were removed from the scanner. The test consisted of all previously viewed scenes (old) and an equal number of novel scenes (new). They were asked to make an old/new judgement, and if the scene was responded as being old, they were asked to report is as being "remembered" or "familiar". They were then asked to pick an object that was paired with that scene. The researchers were trying to determine the levels of activation for source recollection for the objects paired with the scene during encoding.
The researchers found that perirhinal cortex activation was greater for objects recalled, and parahippocampal cortex activation was greater when scenes were recalled. The results provide evidence of distinct encoding activation in the subregions of the medial temporal lobe. The first subregion is the perirhinal cortex, which encodes item information. The second subregion, the parahippocampal cortex, is involved in source information. The evidence provides support for the role of the right perirhinal cortex in attributing an object to the right source. As decreased activation was associated with poorer performance, decreased activation of the right perirhinal cortex could be a possible mechanism for source confusion.
Experimental research.
Misattribution.
In one of the earliest studies involving misattribution, the Canadian cognitive psychologist Bruce Whittlesea presented subjects with a list of common words. Each word was briefly displayed to the subject. The task required the subject to judge whether a target word was semantically related to any word in the list. Unlike Whittlesea’s first experiment involving the recognition of target words, this study involved the manipulation of processing fluency through the conceptual context of the target word, rather than the physical context. After the subjects were given a brief moment to study the list of words, the subjects were presented with sentences that would contain a word that was capitalized at the end of the sentence that would have either been, or not been, from the previously presented list. The word at the end of the sentence was either highly predictable given the context of the sentence, for example: “The stormy seas tossed the BOAT”, or the end word was less predictable such as: “She saved her money and bought a LAMP”. The subjects were then required to state whether the capitalized end word had appeared, or not, on the previous list of words. If not, they were to respond by saying that the word was “new” versus it being “old”.
The study revealed that the new words that were highly predictable were more likely to be incorrectly identified as being previously seen, whereas the new words that were less predictable were not so identified. In fact, subjects actually named predictable words faster than they did unpredictable words. Whittlesea was able to conclude from this study that subjects misattributed their fast responses for highly predictable words as an indication that they had previously experienced the word whereas in fact that was incorrect. As a result, the fluency of processing caused the subjects to misinterpret their quickness as a case of familiarity.
Cryptomnesia.
"Main article":"Cryptomnesia"
Some of the most common experimental designs in the study of cryptomnesia involve solving word puzzles. One such study from Stanford University in 1993 monitored subjects’ memory for solutions found to a word puzzle game when paired against a computer opponent. After several rounds of generating solutions in turn, participants were asked to generate a list of solutions they provided themselves, or a list of new solutions and rate their confidence in the source of each solution listed. Subjects were more likely to plagiarize solutions given by the computer opponent than their own solutions after indicating that they were very confident that the solution was truly novel; when subjects indicated that they were "guessing" whether the solution had been seen before, they were more likely to duplicate solutions they had found during the first round of the test.
In an extension of this test, after each puzzle solution was generated, participants were asked one of two questions: is this word greater than 3 letters long? (physical judgement) or does this word have a positive connotation? (semantic judgement). Participants then generated lists of solutions as in the first test. While the same correlation of confidence level and error type were seen, participants were much more likely to plagiarize answers after making a physical judgement as compared to a semantic one.
False memories.
Researchers Henry L. Roediger and Kathleen McDermott conducted an experiment in 1995 that dealt with a procedure developed by James Deese. This procedure, known as the Deese–Roediger–McDermott paradigm, invites subjects to believe they have experienced a particular word in a given list. The subjects are read a list of associated words by the experimenter. These associated words could be for example: bed, rest, dream, tried, awake, etc. After the subjects have heard these words, they are required to engage in a free recall task in which they must list the words they have heard. The researchers carried out two experiments. The first one involved six lists of associated words. The second experiment involved a wider set of materials, in which twenty-four 15-item lists were read to the subjects.
The results of both experiments demonstrated that the subjects were confident about their incorrect answers regarding words heard in the list. For example, given the list; bed, rest, dream, tried, awake. Many of the subjects heard “sleep” which was not one of the words presented. This false memory effect occurs because the words associated with sleep are in the list leading subjects to believe that the words associated with the words provided in the list have to be right. In fact, with the second experiment the results were 55% false recall rate compared to 40% for the first experiment. This indicated that the more words and lists available the harder it is to actually recall words correctly. This experiment illustrates how subjects can provide false recall without noticing their errors. Even after the researchers indicate that they did not say the mistaken words, subjects still felt very convinced that the researcher had said the word.
False memories can also be created through leading questioning and simple use of imagination. In 1996, Ira Hyman Jr. and Joel Petland published a study showing that subjects can falsely 'remember' anecdotes from their childhood, based on suggestions from the researcher and corroboration of these fictitious events from family members. Subjects' parents were interviewed to create a list of memorable childhood events (vacations, instances of being lost, etc.), to which one false event was added, namely spilling a bowl of punch at wedding reception. For each event, subjects were provided with several cues to aid in memory (age at the time, location, nature of the event, etc.) and asked to describe the situation in as much detail as possible. If a participant was unable to recall any event, they were asked either to quietly think about the event for about a minute and then provide any additional information remembered (control condition) or imagine the event happening and describe the people who would have been involved, what the location would have looked like and how the event might have occurred (imagery condition).
After three interviews in this fashion, 25% of participants from the imagery condition reported remembering the false situation of spilling the punch bowl, as compared to fewer than 10% of subjects in the control condition. An overall improvement in the detail of responses given and the confidence of those responses was observed for both true and false memories in the imagery condition, while those in the control condition showed much less improvement. While participants who 'remembered' the false situation rated this event as being less emotionally intense than the other remembered true events, participants rated their confidence in accurately remembering the false scenario higher than any of the true events.
Applications.
Eyewitness testimony in children.
In legal testimony, the fact that witnesses are under oath does not preclude the occurrence of unintentional false reports: false memory and cryptomnesia present a significant problem in cases of alleged child abuse, in which the principal witness is already at a memory disadvantage. While individual differences exist, it is widely accepted that young children are highly susceptible to leading questioning and biased interviewing techniques, due to their insufficient cognitive development. A wide variety of studies on the subject have revealed that children become more accurate in their recollections with increasing age and their ability to ignore biased questioning practices increases substantially until age 12. As a result, neutral wording is encouraged where a young child’s testimony must be relied upon.
However, the fallibility of children's memories is a complicated issue: memory does not strictly improve over time, but varies in the number of errors made as different skills are developed. Young children are very prone to suggestibility and false memories, even for false story-situations which they provided themselves. This is likely due to memory compensation strategies of imagery and imagination employed at an early age. As children age, other memory strategies such as auditory rehearsal or use of schemas and semantic relationships replace the reliance on imagery, leading to more reliable memories for events, but also presenting greater opportunity for memory errors. By the time children reach high school, memory strategies such as audial rehearsal, schema formation and semantic relatedness become more common; this presents an increased likelihood for memory errors, such as those seen in the Deese–Roediger–McDermott paradigm.
Eyewitness testimony in adults.
As noted, misattribution is likely to occur when individuals are unable to monitor and control the influence of their attitudes at the time of retrieval. Hence, researchers have applied techniques to minimize misattribution by encouraging individuals to focus on distinctive characteristics, rather than on properties that may illicit the influence of personal attitudes. One important question under consideration, is whether people confuse misleading suggestions and personal attitudes for their real memories of a witnessed event. Moreover, misattribution of memory has been especially well investigated in terms of its application to cases of potential eyewitness suggestibility. Currently, researchers have focused on determining the circumstances under which misattribution might occur, and the factors that could increase/decrease these errors, in an eyewitness situation.
In terms of eyewitness testimony, judgements of memory credibility are particularly important in their persuasive impact. At any stage of a legal case, the success or failure of eyewitness persuasion can have consequences. Generally speaking, people assume the testimony of an adult to be more credible and accurate, based on the assumption that adults are better memory reporters. In this context, children are assumed to have poor memory capabilities. Eyewitness testimony in adults differs from that of children in a few other ways. Firstly, adults tend to provide more recalled information, whether accurate and/or inaccurate, to a legal case. Although, the general pattern is to have an increase the amount of correctly recalled information with age. Lastly, objective questions are more accurately answered with less influence of suggestibility in adults.
Source confusion in later life.
In order to usefully remember something, we must later recognise that we've seen it before and correctly remember the context in which we saw it. As we age, the ability to discriminate between new and previous events starts to fail, and we make more errors about how we experienced things. Larry Jacoby of New York University completed a study in 1999 showing how common these errors can become, and giving a better understanding as to why recognition errors are particularly common in Alzheimer's disease. In Jacoby's study, participants were given two lists of words: one to read, and one that would be said out loud to them. All subjects were then given a "test" list which contained some words they had read, some they had heard, and some new words; the subjects had to determine which words were which. Jacoby found that university students and 75–year-olds were equally likely to correctly recognize whether or not the word had been presented, but 75-year-olds are much more likely to mistake whether the word was spoken or read. Cohen and Faulkner discovered similar age-related source confusion errors 10 years earlier when studying short events rather than word lists. Participants were asked to either carry out, imagine, or watch a series of short events (placing a fork on top of a plate, putting a pen inside a mug, etc.), and later asked whether specific events were familiar, and how they happened. The study revealed that elderly subjects are more likely than younger subjects to claim that they recognise events that never happened. Also, these participants were more likely to say that they watched specific actions occurring, when they in fact imagined them occurring, or had never experienced the actions at all.
While we often look for ways to improve our memories, these studies show that simply rehearsing material may not always work. In the Jacoby study, it was seen that if older adults read a word several times, they were likely to accurately judge it as familiar, but were more likely to think they heard the word that they actually read. Jacoby explains that because repetition of a word caused recognition to go up, but ability to correctly remember the source to go down, recognition and source monitoring are likely separate neurological processes. This may shed some light on the common phenomenon of Alzheimer's patients mistaking frequently presented non-famous faces as being those of celebrities, or asking the same question repeatedly. Patients may recognize faces, or identify that the subject of the question is important and was discussed recently, but have no memory for the meaning attached to these common stimuli, and so will mis-attribute this familiarity, or simply ask again.

</doc>
<doc id="31133412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133412" title="Olaf L. Olsen">
Olaf L. Olsen

Olaf L. Olsen (February 1, 1881 in Trysil, Norway – February 6, 1958 in Seattle) was a Republican member of the Washington House of Representatives who represented the 4th District (parts of Spokane County) from 1917 until his resignation in May 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="31133422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133422" title="St. James Church, Kerikeri">
St. James Church, Kerikeri

St. James Church, in Kerikeri, New Zealand, is a historic church. The current building was built in 1878.
History.
St James church is allegedly built on the site chosen by the redoubtable Maori Chief Hongi Hika.(the then paramount chief of the Ngapuhi tribe ) Although the first chapel was started in November 1823 and opened some 6 months later this was not built on the site of the present church.
However the second chapel, which was started sometime early in 1829 was built on the present site and the one Hongi Hika had earlier suggested. When the Mission Station was disbanded in 1848 this chapel fell into disrepair with the result that a new church was built on the same site in 1878. Extract form the Church Gazette reads: "A remarkable neat little church was opened at Kerikeri on December 5th 1878. The services were conducted by Archdeacon Clarke and the Rev H P Tua."
The entire cost of the builidng was two hundred and thirty five pounds: a small debt of ten pounds was all that was owing.
The building was made of Kauri weather boards (boards and battens) shingle roof, and foundations of puriri piles on stone blocks. William Cook and Son of Waimate North, who had built the church of St. John the Baptist in 1871, were also the builders of St James.
St James was dedicated to St James the Greater of Compostella.
(Tradition has it that after his martyrdom in AD 42, the body of St James was placed in a boat without sail or rudder which drifted on to the Spanish coast. His shrine at Compostella became a famous place of pilgrimage and still is today.) 

</doc>
<doc id="31133428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133428" title="Andrew James Morley">
Andrew James Morley

Andrew James Morley (born 10 November 1989) is an Australian actor.
Career.
Morley made his professional acting debut at the age of 20 in Melbourne. He is represented by Craig McMahon at McMahon Management. In late 2010, Morley was cast as the lead role of Brandon Benedict in the Jonathan M. Shiff produced television series "Lightning Point", which began airing from 2012. In January 2013, Morley began appearing in "Home and Away" as Spencer.
Andrew also featured in the My Lasting Reply video clip "Convict Me With Affection" earlier on in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="31133439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133439" title="Nalassus dryadophilus">
Nalassus dryadophilus

Nalassus dryadophilus is a species of darkling beetles belonging to the subfamily Tenebrioninae.
They are mainly present in Albania, Bulgaria, Croatia, France, Italy, Greece, and Romania.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered under bark of old trees.

</doc>
<doc id="31133452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133452" title="Trosley Country Park">
Trosley Country Park

Trosley Country Park is in Trottiscliffe, near Vigo, in Kent, England. Once part of a large woodland estate then after many changes, it was passed to Kent County Council, who turned it into a large country park.
History.
The country park was once part of the Trosley Towers Estate.
In 1870, Sir Sydney Waterlow, 1st Baronet bought large areas of land including the village of Fairseat (near Stansted, Kent - 1 mile west of Trottiscliffe), a major section of Stanstead as well as other pieces of land from Wrotham (2 miles south of Trottiscliffe) to Meopham (2 miles north of Trotiscliffe). The parts of the estate were linked by a small bridge bearing the family crest over Trottiscliffe Road (which is still in evidence today).
In 1887, he built Trosley Towers on the crest of the escarpment on the North Downs, to the east of Trottiscliffe Road. Two drives approached the house, and it was surrounded by wooded grounds. Later, other private drives were constructed, including Hamilton Drive which still survives within the Trosley Country Park and runs from the site of the old House to Commority Road.
When Sir Sidney died in 1906, the estate passed to his son Philip (who also became a Sir). When Philip died in 1931, the estate was sold off. Some of the houses (of the estate) were bought by tenants, one of these was Pilgrims House, (see http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/1177043) with six acres of land, at the bottom of Trottiscliffe Road which went for £600. Trosley Towers and the woodlands around it, were sold to 'Mr E. E. Shahmoon' in 1935, this was also the time of the chalet building.
In 1936, Mr Shahmoon had Trosley Towers demolished and had Hamilton Lodge built along with adjoining stables. One story suggests that the Lodge and stables were built to accommodate the Shah of Persia and his racehorses on his visits to England.
The whole area was still owned by Mr Shahmoon when it was taken over by the army in 1942 during World War II and Hamilton Lodge was to be the HQ of the Army Brigade that was stationed here.
The manor house in the estate was later demolished.
The 170 acre park was opened in 1976 by Kent County Council.
In 2004, an amenity block (with a public toilet facility, offices and store area) was built within the park. It had a sweet chestnut (Castanea sativa) timber cladding from the local trees in the park. Also built with a sedum roof and rainwater drainage system recycled into the toilet flushing systems. The building also won the Public Building category of the 2005 Kent Design Awards.
Ecology.
It is situated on the North Downs and the chalk grassland slopes of the park are a Site of Special Scientific Interest. These slopes were formerly used as grazing for farm animals, but were left to naturalise after the farms moved to the lower and more productive wealdland pastures. After the park was formed, these grasslands were cleared of scrub to allow the rare chalk land plants and animals to re-establish including the Musk Orchid, and Chalkhill Blue butterfly. Other meadow insects found include the Dark Green Fritillary.
Recreation.
The park has various circular trails around the site, within Downs Wood, Great Wood and Butchers Wood. 
Three main trails are marked. The 'Red Route' - 2.5miles which is fairly flat and also uses the North Downs Way.
The 'Yellow Route' - 1.5miles which uses some of the Red Route but is an easier trail. The last trail, the 'Blue Route' - 2miles long, is the most challenging and includes steep hills and climbs. It also passes Little Pell (wood) Great Pell Field (meadow).
The North Downs Way leads via a bridleway through the Country Park on its way to from Wrotham to Upper Halling.
An 'Adventurous Pub Walk' (of 8.5 miles) starts in the park and leads to Ryarsh and Addington, before returning to the park.
The Coldrum Trail also starts in the country park and leads to the Coldrum Stones, before returning to the park.
Location.
Situated off Junction 2 of the M20 motorway, the par is located off the A227 between Meopham and Wrotham.

</doc>
<doc id="31133455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133455" title="What About My Dreams?">
What About My Dreams?

"What About My Dreams?" is a song by Hungarian singer Kati Wolf. It represented Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, in Düsseldorf, Germany. The song was performed in the second half of the first semi-final of the contest on 10 May 2011 and was one of the top 10 songs that qualified for the grand final on 14 May 2011.
The song was composed by Viktor Rakonczai and Gergő Rácz who both represented Hungary at the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 as a member of V.I.P..

</doc>
<doc id="31133465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133465" title="Jeskyns">
Jeskyns

Jeskyns is near Cobham, in Kent, England. A former farm, now large open-space recreational area with areas being developed as new wildlife habitats.
History.
This was once a large farm which was put on the market in 2005, following the death of its owner. The guide price for the land was between £1.1 million and £1.3 million. As one of John Prescott's last acts as the head of the Office of Deputy Prime Minister, money from the ODPM's sustainable communities fund was given to the Forestry Commission to buy the land and turn it into a community woodland. However when tractors ploughed up the arable crop fields and with them went around 60 nests full of newly-born skylarks and their eggs.
A Forestry Commission spokesman later admitted that the ploughing was an "operational misjudgement which we regret". "We certainly had no intention of harming any birds," he said. "We have commissioned an ornithologist to advise us on the way forward."
The design of the new woodland, was similar to Thames Chase (another Forestry Commission Wood http://www.forestry.gov.uk/thameschase). The site is part of the Green Belt around Gravesend. The west part of the site is a Special Landscape Area and east part of the site is in the North Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Since then, 150,000 trees and shrubs have been planted, 2054 traditional orchard trees have been planted, 6.8 km (4 miles) of all accessible paths have been laid (this includes disabled friendly paths as well), 5556m2 of new ponds created (Henhurst Lake - wildlife lake and Ashenbank Pond - quiet, meadowland pond), 765 people planted a tree (or ten!) not including independent contractors, 145 tonnes of rubbish removed from the site (including over 700 tyres, 3 cars and many washing machines!). 
Also 13 local Cobham area schools and 14 uniformed children’s groups have been involved in the project.
The opportunity to reinstate elements of a traditional Kentish farm landscape was also being investigated by the Forestry Commission.
Jeskyns opened to the public in July 2007,
Jeskyns works in partnership with five other sites in the local area. They are Shorne Wood Country Park, Ranscombe Farm Reserve, Cobham Park, Ashenbank Wood and the Cobham Leisure Plots.
Facilities.
The site has five areas for different uses:
Five marked trails lead around the site;- "Court Wood Trail" 1/4 mile (walkers), "Henhurst Lake Walk" 1 1/4mile (walkers and cyclists), "Broomfield Loop" 1 3/4 mile (walkers and cyclists), "Orchard Walk" 2miles (walkers and cyclists) and "Horse trail" 5miles. 
Other major achievements for the site include the creation of ‘natural play features’ including a tree house, a cone pool (based on a children's ball pool but with pine comes instead of plastic balls) and a sandpit, and a number of environmental art sculptures. Mostly all designed and created by Walter Bailey
. Mostly of the huge figures have come from a single piece of oak or sweet chestut and then carved by a chainsaw.
There is a children's play area and an enclosed area for dog training. The site has a car park and in 2013 was granted planning permission for a cafeteria.
Location.
Situated off the A2 dual carriageway at Sole Street/Gravesend junction. Along Henhurst Road towards Sole Street. The car park is on the left.

</doc>
<doc id="31133487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133487" title="Shorne Wood Country Park">
Shorne Wood Country Park

Shorne Wood Country Park is in Gravesend, Kent, England. It was once part of a large estate and then later passed to the council to be used as a country park.
History.
This park was once part of the large Cobham Hall Estate. The main entrance to the Hall, leads through the park with various other carriage rides around the estate.
Then from the 1930s to the 1970s, part of the estate (was leased by Lord Darnley) was used for clay extraction (by a cement company), using clay pit beneath the ancient woodland.
Then in 1987, the of land, came under ownership of Kent County Council, then with the help of Gravesham Borough Council, it was turned into a country park and then opened to the public.
Facilities.
It has large areas of ancient woodland and heathland meadows. The former claypit is being returned to nature (with woodland and wetland areas).
The wetland ponds have many species of dragonflies, which breed in the park. A large part of the park is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) with the designation Shorne and Ashenbank Woods. 
The park also is acreddited with a Green Flag Award by Natural England.
The country park has many colour-coded waymarked paths around the country park. These include; "Purple Route" - Easy 1.4 km, "Red Route" - Medium, "Explorer Trail" - 3.7miles, "Heritage Trail" - 2.2miles. A longer trail (the "Darmley Trail" - 6.2miles) has also been developed taking area outside of Shorne Wood park, including Darnley Mausoleum, Jeskyns (a one-time farm of 360 acres (147 ha), which is being turned into a greenspace area and country park by the Forestry Commission ), Ranscombe Farm and Cobham Hall. 
There is also a horse riding and cycle path route around the park. As well as a Sensory Garden for the less abled. 
Disabled visitors can also use 4*4 electro-scooters (called a Tramper), which can be hired from the visitor centre.
The park also has an eco-friendly visitor centre designed by Lee Evans Partnership. It was the first structure to be constructed using sweetchestnut in the UK. Sweetchestnut structure Oak thinnings were used from Park Wood, Kent near Appledore, as the window and roof joinery.
It is mostly powered by a wind turbine. The centre, has a shop, display boards and cafe.
To the east of the park, are the Furzey Leas Lakes. "Steps Lake" is , and "Long Lake" is These are used as angler permitted lakes, on Day Tickets (obtained from the visitor centre).
Since 2006, the park has had a Community Archaeologist as funded by the Heritage Lottery. Finds from the Stone Age (flint tools) to World War II items have been found. Most work has been taken place around the remains of Randall Manor. This was the home of Sir Henry de Cobham who lived there in 1360 to 1400. The house would have been similar to Ightham Mote but without a moat. The excavations show that it was a substantial timber-framed hall house with a stone built end. It had a garderobe and a separate kitchen making it a high status building. It had outbuildings and three fishponds. It was demolished in 1500 and the building materials re-used in the nearby Cobham Hall, now a girls' school.
More details of what was found in the park can be seen at http://www.kent.gov.uk/leisure_and_culture/heritage/getting_involved/randall_manor_dig_blog_2010.aspx.
One of the '100 Walks in Kent' Book starts in the country park, before heading towards Owletts (a National Trust House), Cobham and Cobham Hall and then returning to the park.
How to get there.
Situated off the A2 Dual carriageway between Gravesend and Rochester. The main entrance for cars is along Brewer's Road leading to Shorne.
parkrun.
Shorne Woods Country park is also home to a parkrun which are a free timed 5k event fully staffed by volunteers. The First Shorne Woods parkrun was ran on the 30th March 2013. On 15th June 2013 Shorne Woods parkrun was ran by Danny Norman (King Danny) parkrun Employee and parkrun show host, Danny was first finisher in a time of 00:18:14.

</doc>
<doc id="31133492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133492" title="Beacon Wood Country Park">
Beacon Wood Country Park

Beacon Wood Country Park is in Bean near Gravesend, in Kent, England. A former industrial claypit then re-claimed as woodland park.
History.
The park has had a mixed history. For over 400 years, it was a rounded hill and ancient woodland. The trees have been used to supply timber for various uses. Including building, fencing and within ship construction. Especially the oak trees.
A beacon was placed at the of the rounded hill (approx 300 feet high) during the Elizabethan times. It was one of the chain of beacons lit to warn of the approach of the Spanish Armada (circa 1580). Later, some of the ancient woods were cleared and orchards were planted in the 19th century.
In 1885, John J. Allchin leased a section of the site, for the yearly rent of £4-10 shillings to the E.C.Powder Company Limited, who began manufacturing smokeless gunpowder.
In 1900, some 27 small, predominantly Kent-based, cement manufacturers and their subsidiaries merged to form the Associated Portland Cement Manufacturers (1900) Ltd., or APCM for short, but also known locally as "The Combine". In 1928 the famous Blue Circle brand name was introduced.
In the 1930s Beacon Wood was taken over for its Clay Reserves, by APCM Ltd. From 1935 to 1964, four million tonnes of clay were excavated, mixed to a slurry and pumped along a 3 km pipeline, from the Bean Clay Pit, to Johnsons Cement Works (between Greenhithe and Stone). The clay was mixed with crushed chalk and burnt in kilns to produce cement.
Although clay extraction ceased in 1964, the land remained in APCM ownership, without public access.
In 1991 Blue Circle Industries leased the disused Clay Pit for 15 years to Kent County Council, who created the Beacon Wood Country Park and an Advisory Group was set up by Groundwork UK (Kent Thames-side) who managed the creation and operation of the park.
Beacon Wood Country Park was created by Groundwork Trust and local Bean residents and then opened to the Public. Who made paths and planted trees within the site.
The Official Opening was on Wednesday 10 July 1991, by Sir Derek Barber, Chairman of the then Countryside Commission (now called Natural England).
Groundwork Trust then set-up a volunteer group maintaining the woodlands.
In 2001, Blue Circle Industries was taken over and the land passed to the Lafarge Group. Lafarge Cement UK, like its predecessor Blue Circle Industries, is the largest cement manufacturer in the United Kingdom, producing cement products under the old Blue Circle brand.
On 1 April 2001, Kent County Council and Dartford Borough Council took over park management from Groundwork Kent Thames-side. KCC/DBC did not continue the meetings of the Beacon Wood Advisory Group.
In 2004, Kent Thameside Green Grid Design Strategy and Guidelines was produced by Kent County Council. It proposed to extend both Beacon Wood and Darenth Country Park to
create a ‘joined’ Darenth and Beacon Country Park.
In October 2005, a feasibility study and proposed action plan, for the creation of an Dartford Ancient Woodlands Country Park (DAWCP), was published. The report was funded by the ODPM and carried out by Gillespies. It proposed linking Beacon Wood Country Park, Darenth Wood (a local SSSI), Darenth Country Park, Lords Wood and Ladies Wood (two other local Gravesham woods). The DAWCP was to cater for increased use, both from large scale development in the area and from further afield. The status of the DAWCP is unclear, as the public consultation phase ended many years ago. No more mentions of the ancient woodland park can be found.
Lafarge granted Kent County Council a 10 year extension to the lease in 2006, making the lease end date 2016.
On April 2012, the country park was closed due to budget cuts within Kent County Council. There has also been a change in the lease agreement between Lafarge and the council, so the site has been returned to the ownership of LaFarge, who are looking for other owners. Nearby Bean residents were worried that this may also include property developers. 
However, land owners Lafarge Cement UK, have entered into a five-year management partnership with Ground Kent and Medway and Bean Parish Council. This agreement means that will reopen the park to the public on Saturday. Jeremy Kite, Leader of Dartford Borough Council joined other VIPs for the 12 pm opening.
Later, the Friends of Beacon Woods Country Park was set up to promote community involvement in managing the park and to encourage local residents to use the park as well as highlight the importance of environmental education and awareness.
How to get there.
Situated off the A2 (dual carriageway near Dartford. Take the B255 Bean Road, through Bean. It then becomes Southfleet Road. The car park is on the left.

</doc>
<doc id="31133515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133515" title="David A. Harris">
David A. Harris

David A. Harris is the President and C.E.O. of the National Jewish Democratic Council.

</doc>
<doc id="31133531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133531" title="Armando Goyena">
Armando Goyena

Armando Goyena (December 7, 1922 – March 9, 2011), born Jose Revilla, Jr., was a Filipino actor and matinée idol who was popular in the 1950s.
Family.
He married to Francisca "Paquita" Roces. They were the parents of 8 children: Maritess, Tina, Johnny, Ces, Pita, Rossi, Malu, and Cita. Two of their daughters became popular movie stars in the 1970s: Maritess and Tina Revilla. His only son, Johnny Revilla, now plays character roles. Among his grandchildren who joined show business are Bernard and Mico Palanca, Bianca Araneta and Lexi Schulze.
Movie career.
Together with his onscreen movie partner, Tessie Quintana, Goyena appeared in "Prinsesang Basahan", "Hawayana", "Tia Loleng", "Virginia", and "Isabelita". Goyena, together with Cecilia Lopez and Jonny Reyes, starred in "Anak ng Berdugo". 
Later years.
He stopped acting in 1958. He then resumed acting in the early 1990s. In 1995, he played Don Eugenio Lopez in Chito Rono’s "Eskapo". Chito got him again in 2001 to play the grandfather of Danilo Barrios in "Yamashita". His last film before his retiement was "Annie B." with Jolina Magdangal in 2004.
Death.
Goyena died on March 9, 2011, aged 88, from a pulmonary embolism.

</doc>
<doc id="31133534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133534" title="Moles de Xert">
Moles de Xert

Moles de Xert (, ) is a long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Community, Spain. Its highest point is Mola Gran (806 m). The other main summits are "Mola Murada," a breast-shaped hill, "Moleta Redona" and "Mola Llarga". These mountains have very original shapes, topped by regular rocky outcrops resembling castles or fortifications. They are frequently covered in snow in the winter. 
The main mountain, Mola Gran, has been disfigured on the southern side by a stone quarry that left a very visible scarred surface with a large rock slide. 
There are remains of an ancient Iberian Ilercavones settlement in the Mola Murada. 
Wildlife, like Spanish Ibex, Roe Deer and Wild Boar, is abundant in these lonely mountains.
Location.
This mountain chain rises above the town of Xert and right to the NE of Serra de l'Espadella, east of the Maestrat mountains of which they could be considered foothills. 
The abandoned villages of La Barcella and Fontanals are located in these mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="31133542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133542" title="Usha Ganguly">
Usha Ganguly

She was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Direction, given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy of Music, Dance & Drama in 1998. She has also been honoured by the West Bengal Government as the best actress for the play "Gudia Ghar".
Early life and education.
Born in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, in a family from village Nerva in Uttar Pradesh, Usha Ganguly learnt Bharatanatyam dance and later moved to Kolkata, where she studied at Shri Shikshayatan College, Kolkata and did her Master's degree in Hindi literature.
Career.
She started her career as a teacher at Bhowanipur Education Society College, Calcutta, an undergraduate college affiliated with University of Calcutta, in 1970. Also in the same year, she started acting with "Sangit Kala Mandir" and also started work for her first play "Mitti Ki Gadi" (based on "Mrichchakatikam" by Shudrak) (1970), where she played the role of Vasantsena. She continued teaching as a Hindi Lecturer at Bhowanipur Education Society College, till her retirement in 2008 and practiced theatre alongside.
She formed a theatre group, "Rangakarmee", in January 1976. Initially since was trained as a dancer, the group invited outside directors, like M.K. Anvase, who directed "Mother", Tripti Mitra directed "Gudi Ghar", an adaptation of Ibsen’s "A Doll's House", besides Rudra Prasad Sengupta and Vibhash Chakravorty, before she started directing herself, having trained under Tripti Mitra and Mrinal Sen.
She started directing in 1980s and soon her energetic style and disciplined ensemble work with young, large casts brought a resurgence of Hindi theatre in the city. Her important productions include "Mahabhoj" (Great Feast) in 1984, based on Mannu Bhandari novel, Ratnakar Matkari`s "Lokkatha" (Folktale) in 1987, "Holi" by playwright Mahesh Elkunchwar in 1989, and "Rudali" (1992), her own dramatized version of a story by Mahashweta Devi, "Himmat Mai", an adaptation of Brecht’s "Mother Courage" and notably "Court Marital" written by playwright Swadesh Deepak. She has written a play "Kashinama" (2003), based on a story, "Kaane Kaun Kumati Lagi" from the Kashinath Singh's classic work, "Kashi Ka Assi" and an original play "Khoj".
She also worked on the script of "Raincoat" (2004) a Hindi film based on O Henry's "The Gift of the Magi", directed by Rituparno Ghosh.
In the coming years, she also translated and adapts plays into Hindi. Rangakarmee started its education wing in the 1990s, today it regularly takes its repertoire on tours across India and undertakes education extension activities in theatre with underprivileged people.
In 2005, Rangkarmee was the only Indian theatre group to perform at the Theatre der Welt Festival in Stuttgart, Germany. It staged the play "Rudali" at "Punj Pani festival" at Lahore in 2006. The group staged its first multilingual production, "Bhor" about the minds of inmates of a drug rehab centre in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31133586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133586" title="Latvia University of Agriculture">
Latvia University of Agriculture

The Latvia University of Agriculture () is a university in Jelgava, Latvia, specializing in agricultural science, forestry, and related areas.
The university originated as the Agricultural Department at the Riga Polytechnical Institute in 1863, which in 1919 became the Faculty of Agriculture at the University of Latvia. It became an independent institution in 1939, when it was established as the Academy of Agriculture in the Jelgava Palace, which had been renovated for that purpose. It was renamed to the Latvia University of Agriculture in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31133587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133587" title="Olaf Olsen">
Olaf Olsen

Olaf Olsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31133592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133592" title="Horacio A. Rega Molina">
Horacio A. Rega Molina

Horacio Rega Molina (1899-1957) was an award-winning Argentine writer and poet.
Birth and death.
Rega Molina was born in 1899 in San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Argentina. He died in Buenos Aires on October 24, 1957, alone because of the political passions of the time.
Influences and work.
Rega Molina was influenced by the writer Leopoldo Lugones and was a friend of Roberto Mariani and Cesar Tiempo.
His most important works include "The Happy Hour" (1919), "The Poem of the Rain " (1922), "The fragrant tree" (1923), "On the Eve of Good Love" (1925), "drawn from a Window Sunday" (1928), "Blue Map " (1931), "Provincial Oda" (1940), "Sentenced to Death Sonnets" (1940), "Root and Crown" (1943), "Homeland of the Field" (1946), "Sonnets My Blood "(1951), "Collection of Poems" (1954).
Honors and posthumous works.
Over the course of his life, Rega Molina won, among other distinctions, the Municipal Poetry Prize in 1925, the Grand National Prize for Poetry in 1951 and the top prize of the PEN Club. In his hometown, the day of his birth (July 10) was declared by municipal ordinance, "the day of nicoleña culture".
In 1994 Plus Ultra released two posthumous books, "Odes of Jail and on Horseback" and "Consecration of the Fire."

</doc>
<doc id="31133594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133594" title="Marcos Gutiérrez">
Marcos Gutiérrez

Marcos Juan Gutiérrez (born 30 November 1970) is an Argentine goalkeeper that his last club was Deportes La Serena of the Chilean Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="31133615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133615" title="Timeline of Google Street View">
Timeline of Google Street View

Google Street View was first introduced in the United States on May 25, 2007, and until November 26, 2008, featured camera icon markers, each representing at least one major city or area (such as a park), and usually the other nearby cities, towns, suburbs, and parks. Many areas that had coverage were not represented by icons.
Timeline of introductions.
Note: Bold indicates locations available in newer 'high quality' view, and italic bold indicates locations partially available in high quality view. Virtually all locations in Europe, Southeast Asia, South Africa, Canada and Latin America have the higher quality view.

</doc>
<doc id="31133616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133616" title="Alderley House">
Alderley House

The present day Alderley House is a mid-19th century Grade II listed country house designed by Lewis Vulliamy and built for Robert Blagden Hale in the small Cotswold village of Alderley, near Wotton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire, England. It was built on the site of "The Lower House", Sir Matthew Hale's original 17th century manor house, and is situated immediately to the southwest of St Kenelm's Church. In 2009 it reverted to a private residence after 70 years serving as the private prepapratory school Rose Hill School, Alderley.
Brief history.
The first 350 years' history of the property is interwoven in a fairly complicated manner with that of the Hale family, with "The Lower House" (the original property on the present day Alderley House site) having been constructed by Sir Matthew Hale after he acquired the manor of Alderley in 1656. In the latter part of the 18th century, "The Upper House" (the original manor house) was rebuilt by another Matthew Hale on the lower slopes of nearby Winner Hill, and this property subsequently became the family's principal seat. In 1859, the position was reversed yet again when Robert Blagden Hale had "The Upper House" completely demolished and "The Lower House" substantially demolished, having the latter rebuilt in a more fashionable style to the designs of Lewis Vulliamy. Materials from both of the earlier houses were used in the construction of the new property, Alderley House as it remains today: a double-pile U-plan block with a north-facing single storey porch to the entrance court forming an E-plan.
Both "The Lower House" and its successor, Alderley House, were principally used by the Hale family as a private residence until the early 20th century. However, c.1925 it started to be used as a crammer and in 1939 it became the home of Rose Hill School when it relocated from Banstead, Surrey following the outbreak of World War II. It was also in this year that the late-10th century will of Æthelgifu was discovered in one of the outbuildings, but it is unclear whether or not these two events are connected. The property proceeded to serve as the private preparatory school Rose Hill School, Alderley for the next 70 years until the summer of 2009 when the school merged with Querns Westonbirt School, with the resulting Rose Hill Westonbirt School co-locating with Westonbirt School in nearby Tetbury. Relocation of the school rendered the site at Alderley redundant, and it was sold: Alderley House once again returned to functioning as a private residence.
Detailed history.
Sir Matthew Hale's original 17th-century house.
The Hales of Alderley were the leading gentry family in the Wotton-under-Edge area of Gloucestershire from the beginning of the 17th century up until the early 20th century, and their lineage can be traced back to William the Conqueror. The story of the Hale family houses in that small village of Alderley is unusually complex.
Alderley is situated 2 miles to the south of Wotton-under-Edge, sandwiched between two brooks, the Ozleworth and Kilcott, underneath Winner Hill, and in the 16th and 17th century it was home to a number of woollen mills. The first of the Hale family's houses in the village was "West End House", built in 1608 by Robert Hale (c.1572-1614), a barrister at Lincoln's Inn. He was the second son of another Robert Hale who had made his money as a successful cloth merchant in Wotton-under-Edge. The younger Robert Hale had acquired land in the village in 1599 through his marriage to Joan Poyntz (1577–1612), the daughter of Matthew Poyntz, a gentleman living in the village at that time. This house was substantially rebuilt in the 18th century, but continued to be called "West End House" until the mid-19th century; today it is known as "The Grange" or "Alderley Grange" and is a Grade II listed building. It was Robert and Joan's only child, the famous 17th century jurist Sir Matthew Hale (1609–1676), who in 1656 - some 50 years after being born in "West End House" - acquired the manor of Alderley in exchange for Meysey Hampton with Andrew Barker of Fairford Park, and between then and 1662 had "The Lower House" built, a new house so called in order to distinguish it from the original manor house ("The Upper House") on the other side of the road.
With both of Sir Matthew Hale's parents dying before he had reached the age of 5 he was brought up by Anthony Kingscot, a close relative and devout puritan. He remained firmly religious throughout his life and it is possible that this influenced his choice of location for the house: immediately to the southwest of St Kenelm's Church, whose origins date back to c.1450. In 1663, the year after the construction of "The Lower House" was completed, Sir Matthew Hale was granted the right of way from his new manor house into the churchyard. "The Lower House" was then to remain the Hale family home for the next 100 years.
"The Lower House" was a substantial property: a nine-bay house with gables at either end and five small dormer windows in between. It was completed in the same year that Parliament introduced the Hearth Tax, and the surviving Hearth Tax Assessment records a house of 18 hearths. 
When ill-health forced him to relinquish his position as Lord Chief Justice in 1676, Sir Matthew Hale retired to his seat at Alderley where he died on Christmas Day the same year; he was buried in St Kenelm's churchyard. His first wife Anne Moore, daughter of Sir Henry Moore and granddaughter of Sir Francis Moore, had borne him 10 children. He outlived all but the eldest daughter and the youngest son and, as a result, had taken into his care some of his grandchildren (after the death of their parents). It was to these grandchildren that he left his estate, while he bequeathed "West End House" to his daughter, Mary; the latter property subsequently passed out of the family when it was sold by one of her descendants in the middle of the 18th century, around which time it was substantially rebuilt.
For a period of more than one hundred years following the death of Sir Matthew Hale, "The Lower House" remained the family seat. However, between 1776 and 1780, another Matthew Hale (possibly Sir Matthew Hale's great-grandson) decided to rebuild "The Upper House" on the lower slopes of nearby Winner Hill (to the east of St Kenelm's Church), after which this became the new family home; consequently, "The Lower House" may have been abandoned for a while.
Lewis Vulliamy's 19th-century redesign for Robert Blagden Hale.
In 1805, during the period of time when "The Upper House" was the main Hale family residence, Robert Hale Blagden Hale (1780-1855) inherited the properties in Alderley. In the 1830s, his eldest son, Robert Blagden Hale (1807-1883, brother of the Rt. Rev. Matthew Blagden Hale) chose "The Lower House" when he set up his own independent establishment. At that time, prevailing Victorian attitudes expanded the number of servants that households were expected to contain, whilst simultaneously endeavouring to ensure that male and female servants were kept separate wherever possible. And so it was that in 1844 he had a new service wing added to the west side of the house: the wing had a distinctive crow-stepped gable to the garden front and is thought to have been designed by Lewis Vulliamy.
Following the death of his father (who had been managing the family estates) on 20 December 1855, Robert Blagden Hale, the then Tory MP for West Gloucestershire, found himself in possession of various properties including "Cottles House" - another manor house in West Wiltshire, built in 1775-78 for Robert Hale and inherited by his father in 1814 - as well as the two large houses in Alderley, both of which were unfashionable and dilapidated. He progressively withdrew from his official appointments in order to devote himself to "the life of a country gentleman" and in 1857 he stood down as an MP and sold "Cottles House". Two years later in 1859 he then had both "The Upper House" and most of "The Lower House" demolished in order to build a new manor house in a more fashionable style: of "The Lower House", the south end of the service wing built in 1844 and the original Jacobean cellars were retained, but the only surviving remnants of "The Upper House" are a pair of 18th century Gatepiers in the village and a restored Gothick Folly of 1779 on the summit of Winner Hill. Alderley House (as the new house was named) was built on the site of "The Lower House" to the designs of Lewis Vulliamy, utilising the original cellars and incorporating the retained part of the 1844 service wing as the property's west wing. Materials from the demolition of both "The Upper House" and "The Lower House", including one of the staircases, were used in the construction, and it is to this design that the property remains today.
The house is built of ashlar with a Cotswold stone slate roof. It forms 3 sides of an entrance court, with a shallow, single storey porch in the middle of the central range making a token gesture at an E-plan. The parapet above the entrance porch features a heron's head motif (the Hale family crest) above the initials of Robert Blagden Hale.
The main body of the house is a double-pile (a type of compact plan in which rooms face outwards in both directions from a central dividing wall), a style that became standard for country houses from the Restoration onwards. Alderley House was one of the earliest examples of a double-pile plan in Gloucestershire, and its entrance court range consists of 3 full storeys whereas the garden side range has 2 storeys and attics.
Including the new decoration and furnishings and the architect's commission, the total cost of building the house was £16,746 15s 8d. This represents the lower end of the range of country house building costs in the Victorian period; it is an extremely modest sum in comparison with the vast cost of Westonbirt House (also designed by Vulliamy) whose construction for Robert Stayner Holford (Robert Blagden Hale's brother-in-law) began after the completion of the redesigned Alderley House.
After Robert Blagden Hale.
Robert Blagden Hale had married Anne Jane Holford in 1832 and they had five children, two males and three females. The two males were Robert Hale (1834–1907) who later became a Major-General in the British military and Mathew Holford Hale (1835–1912) who became a Colonel. The three females were Anne Hale (1833–1912), Georgina Hale (1836–1934) and Theodosia Hale (1838–1922). Of the five children only one (Anne) married and the other four lived at Alderley House for most of their lives. Anne, the eldest daughter married, Thomas Henry Sherwood in 1859 and they had five children, three boys and two girls.
When Robert Blagden Hale died in 1883 the eldest son Major-General Robert Hale inherited Alderley House and the two unmarried sisters Georgina and Theodosia, lived with him. These living arrangements are mentioned by the artist A.S. Hartrick in his memoirs. When Major –General Robert Hale died in 1907 his younger brother Mathew inherited Alderley House. Mathew died in January 1912 and Anne Sherwood, his sister, then inherited. According to the terms of the will of their father Robert Blagden Hale she legally added the name Hale to her surname so that she became Anne Sherwood-Hale in August 1912. Unfortunately she died the following month in September 1912. Her eldest son Thomas Edward Sherwood-Hale then inherited Alderley House.
Thomas Edward Sherwood-Hale JP MBE (1861–1945) lived much of his life in New Zealand. After World War I, he moved into the house for a few years, but after that he resided at the nearby Mount House. which was also owned by the Hale family. In about 1925 Alderley House was let to a Major Lionel Wynne-Wilson who ran it as a crammer. At the outbreak of World War II in 1939, the house was again empty and Rose Hill School was evacuated to it from Banstead in Surrey. It was in the same year that the late 10th century will of Æthelgifu (see History of Hertfordshire) was discovered by James Fairhurst among material in one of the outbuildings. This document formed part of the literary effects of Lord John Selden (1584–1654), of whose estate Sir Matthew Hale was both one of the executors and one of the beneficiaries, but it is unclear whether or not its discovery is a serendipitous consequence of the school moving into the property. The school remained for the duration of the war and when Thomas Sherwood-Hale died in 1945, his son Robert Goodenough Sherwood-Hale inherited the house. Alderley House was subsequently made the permanent home for Rose Hill School, Alderley, with the school trustees purchasing the property freehold in 1950.
In 2009, Rose Hill School, Alderley merged with Querns Westonbirt School to form Rose Hill Westonbirt School. The new school co-located with Westonbirt School in the grounds of Westonbirt House in nearby Tetbury, rendering the property at Alderley surplus to requirements. A change of use for the property was approved by Stroud District Council and it was subsequently marketed as a private residence for c.£3m at the end of 2009. After purchasing the house, the new owners employed the services of "Humphrey Cook Associates" to renovate the house back to its original state in 1860. On 25 October 2010, the "Alderley House Bottling Company LLP" (Company No. OC358994) was established following the discovery of a natural spring beneath one of the former classrooms; bottled at source, this water is the only Cotswold-drawn bottled spring water on the market and is sold under the name "Alderley Cotswold Natural Spring Water".
Miscellany.
Vulliamy's original plans for the redesign were the addition of a range of rooms on the north side of the house, but for some reason this scheme was abandoned and the more radical reconstruction plan adopted.
The portrait of Sir Matthew Hale which hangs in Alderley House is a copy or replica: the original hangs in the Guildhall and was placed there by the thankful citizens of London after Hale offered his services in the aftermath of the Great Fire of London.
In September 2009 the property was used as one of the filming locations for a Season 24 episode of BBC1's hospital drama "Casualty" which aired in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31133620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133620" title="One Jump Ahead (film)">
One Jump Ahead (film)

One Jump Ahead is a 1955 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Paul Carpenter, Jill Adams, Diane Hart and Freddie Mills. It was based on a novel by Robert H. Chapman. A journalist helps police to track down a killer.

</doc>
<doc id="31133634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133634" title="Income inequality in the Philippines">
Income inequality in the Philippines

Income inequality in the Philippines is the extent to which income, most commonly measured by household or individual, is distributed in the Philippines in an uneven manner. It is an important indicator of equity in an economy, and has implications for other social outcomes such as crime and social exclusion.
Overview.
Income inequality has been a long lasting development challenge for the Philippines. In a statement released by the National Statistical Coordination Board in 2005, it was recognized that the income gap between the rich and the poor was wider in the Philippines than in Indonesia and Thailand, indicating serious inequality in the distribution of the country’s economic gains. It is noted that the income of the Philippines’ richest ten percent of the population was in fact twenty times the income of the poorest ten percent.
Data spanning across 1985-2006 in the Philippines have shown that income inequality has been prevalent throughout her history, despite signs of economic growth. It has been observed that since 1985, the richest quintile of the population has consistently commanded more than 50% of total family income in the country, with the poorest quintile at less than 5%. Despite major fluctuations in economic performance during the period 1985-2003, income inequality while very high, has remained relatively stable.
Gini coefficient.
From the Philippines’ National Statistics Office latest released statistical booklet, the Gini coefficient ratio fell, only slightly, from 48.22 in 2000, to 45.80 in 2006. However, this slight fall in income inequality has to been taken into context. The total family income rose from 2,199 billion Pesos to 3,006 billion Pesos in this same period, indicating an income growth of 37% - the 5% fall in Gini coefficient pales in comparison.
Inequality dynamics.
Income inequality has multiple roots, and can be molded by a combination of political, social and cultural forces.
Institutional: Corruption and Political Dynasties.
Philippines’ political culture is dynastic in nature, meaning local officials are often related to each other by blood. It is expected national resources would flow more favorably to provinces which have local governments related to the ruling political figures. These national resources are used to build infrastructure, create employment, and target poverty. Hence such ties only serve to exacerbate income inequality in Philippines.
Interestingly, studies have found an opposite relationship, by running simple regressions. It is found that political dynasties are destructive in a different way. Political dynasties in this case tend to reduce economic efficiency by allocating resources selfishly, and hence inefficiently. Access to basic services is also restricted to the poor in provinces governed by political dynasties. Hence when compared to areas which are more competitive and efficient, the poor continue to remain poor. 
In addition, rampant graft and corruption maintains a society that discriminates against the poor in favour of connected individuals and businesses. It hinders the growth of efficient yet competitive start-ups in the country without any political connection. This accentuates income and wealth inequality in the country.
Education.
Another main contributing factor to income inequality in Philippines is the lack of adequate education opportunity in the country. Through the enhancement of skill and knowledge of the underprivileged sections of the society, education play a vital role in stopping the cycle of generations of poverty among the poor due to a lack of skills and ignorance. Rich Filipinos are able to access significantly better educational resources through better funded schools and private tutoring.
There are also a substantial number of Filipinos who send their children overseas for education to America, Europe and neighbouring countries such as Singapore. Equal access to good education is the main pathway of upward social mobility among the poor. Due to the absence of high quality universal education in the Philippines, many Filipinos are stuck in poverty trap for generations as they are not equipped for knowledge intensive jobs.
Additional research has found that education is significant in determining levels of inequality. The author of the paper also notes several measures taken by the government to target education, like the "Education for All" (EFA) Policy. This policy aims to expand public education, up to at least the level of secondary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31133650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133650" title="Dobrosav Živković">
Dobrosav Živković

Dobrosav “Bob” Živković (Serbian Cyrillic: Добросав Боб Живковић) (born in 1962 in Pirot, Serbia) is a Serbian illustrator living in Belgrade.
Biography.
He graduated in 1987 at the Faculty of Applied Arts in Belgrade.
His works were acknowledged early during his studies, and were published in student magazines Student (1982) and Vidici (1982).
In early eighties he became known as a Science Fiction and Fantasy illustrator. His illustrations were published on the covers of novels of "Znak Sagite" imprint, Science Fiction and Fantasy Almanac "Monolit" and magazine "Alef", later in Politikin Zabavnik.
His career shifted to artwork for children, in magazines "Tik-Tak" and "Zeka" (1987–1998). He created a popular children's comic strip Jajzi that ran in "Tik-Tak". His true breakthrough came as he became a regular illustrator for "Politikin zabavnik".
In late nineties Živković was Art Director and premier illustrator of Saatchi & Saatchi offices in Serbia and Slovenia. He continues working in advertising business as well as a freelancer illustrator. 
He is a promoter of environment awareness, children's rights, and often draws for humanitarian non-profits.
Most of his work in the last two decades was for "Creative Centre" publishing house (more than hundred books, translated into over 40 languages), and helped build their recognizable brand.

</doc>
<doc id="31133669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133669" title="Marvin Ammori">
Marvin Ammori

Marvin Ammori is an American lawyer, activist, and scholar best known for his work on network neutrality and Internet freedom issues generally. He is a Future Tense Fellow (formerly a Bernard L. Schwartz Fellow) at the New America Foundation and serves on the boards of public interest advocacy groups Demand Progress and Fight for the Future. He is the author of an e-book entitled "On Internet Freedom," which was released in 2013.
In 2007, while serving as the General Counsel for nonprofit advocacy group Free Press, he brought the Comcast-BitTorrent case, the first network neutrality enforcement action in the United States. Ammori took part in the debate over the controversial copyright bills SOPA and the PROTECT IP Act, arguing that the bills would violate the First Amendment. Partly for his role in opposing SOPA and PIPA, Ammori was recognized on Fast Company's 2012 "100 Most Creative People in Business." Ammori later proposed a holiday called "Internet Freedom Day," to be celebrated on January 18, the anniversary of the SOPA Blackout.
Ammori was a law professor at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln College of Law, where his scholarship focused on First Amendment doctrine. He remains an Affiliate Scholar with Stanford Law School's Center for Internet and Society and an Affiliate Fellow of the Yale Law School Information Society Project. Ammori is a graduate of the University of Michigan and Harvard Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="31133678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133678" title="Westinghouse Air Brake Company General Office Building">
Westinghouse Air Brake Company General Office Building

The Westinghouse Air Brake Company General Office Building (Known locally as The Castle or Library Hall) in Wilmerding, Pennsylvania is a building from 1890. It was listed on the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation in 1975, National Register of Historic Places in 1987. Originally built as an office building for the Westinghouse Air Brake Company, it now houses The George Westinghouse Museum.
Construction.
Constructed by architect Frederick J. Osterling, the building has a four-sided clock tower, which was operated by a system of chains and pulleys. Additional designs and remodeling were done by Janssen & Cocken in 1927, which added the "Executive Wing", containing executive offices as well as conference and dining rooms.
The architectural style is a mix of Renaissance Revival and Romanesque. It was destroyed by a fire on 8 April 1896; the foundation, being made of brick, stone, and cement survived, however, and the structure was rebuilt upon the same foundation. It was during this reconstruction that the clock tower was added. At the time, the entire first floor was designed for employees' use, with accommodations such as a library, fully equipped gymnasium, restaurant, swimming pool, and bowling alleys.This brought the total area inside the building to . 
The building also housed a boiler house and light station, that supplied both steam and power to the plant, as well as various businesses in the community, such as the Wilmerding YMCA. 
Business history.
This building contained the offices of the Westinghouse Air Brake Company for well over a century. The company was originally established by George Westinghouse in 1869. Westinghouse had developed many companies during this time of industrial growth at the beginning of the twentieth century. The Air Brake plant, that made for improved performance and increased speed on the nations railways, was moved to its new location in Wilmerding, Pennsylvania in 1889. Wilmerding is a small town about outside of Pittsburgh which, at the time, was only inhabited by about 5,000 people. Socialism was strong in Wilmerding and it was a peaceful non-violent farming borough. It was thought to be “The Ideal Town” for the company because of its location right along the Pennsylvania Railroad and its mainly blue collar inhabitants. The Air Brake Company employed 3,000 citizens from the surrounding Pittsburgh area, but its work force was composed almost entirely of individuals from Wilmerding. 
The office buildings were used until the building was vacated in 1985. It was then donated to the American Production and Inventory Control Society. The Westinghouse Air Brake Company merged with MotivePower Industries Corporation in 1999 to form the Wabtec Corporation (). Wabtec still provides employment for more than 1,000 residents of the borough.
Effect on the community.
When the Westinghouse Plant was also moved to Wilmerding, housing for the employees became hard to come by. In response to this, the Westinghouse Air Brake Home Building Company was formed in 1919 with $1,000,000 USD as startup capital. The 400 houses and large amounts of vacant land that were previously owned by the Westinghouse Air Brake Company were transferred to the new company. The new homes were specifically built with different variations to avoid the lack of variety commonly seen in industrial housing at the time. The Westinghouse Air Brake Home Building Company was so successful that within ten years, there were no vacant lots left on the Southern side of Turtle Creek. The extensive town-building, employment, and prosperity that George Westinghouse brought to Wilmerding is still celebrated today in the community, with a festival called "George Westinghouse Days", which takes place in early June each year.
Inside The Castle.
Currently, the building houses The George Westinghouse Museum,a model train display, and a Depression glass room, and is operated by Wilmerding Renewed, Inc. The Westinghouse Castle is operated by a non-profit organization and volunteers. In 2007, the artifacts that were in the Castle museum went to join the Heinz History Center. Since 2007, the Westinghouse Castle has gathered a collection of Westinghouse products and are now on display in their Westinghouse Museum room. 

</doc>
<doc id="31133688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133688" title="Health care provider ratings">
Health care provider ratings

Health care provider ratings are ratings or evaluations of health care providers, potentially including both individuals or institutions.
Technological advances played a key role in facilitating the data collection and number crunching needed to generate health care provider ratings.
Health care provider ratings are coming of age in a time of rising levels of consumer health literacy. Surveys consistently show that consumers rely heavily on friends and family when making healthcare decisions. With social networking and global connectivity, some of these family and friend referrals will include a wider network and will increasingly rely on quality data retrieved from multiple sources. Government, non-profit and private organizations are building public-private collaborations focused on the development of a nationwide system in the United States.
Types of measures.
Quality measures are standards that are used to assess the various aspects of the healthcare system. Using the Donabidien framework, these measures evaluate process of care, healthcare structures and/or outcomes of a healthcare services. This information is translated into report cards that are generated by quality organizations, nonprofit,consumer groups and media. This evaluation of quality is based on:
Measures of Hospital quality
Measures of Health Plan Quality
Measures of Physician Quality
Measures of Quality for Other Health Care Providers
Measures of Patient Experience
Reporting organizations.
Measures are collected and disseminated by a number of quality reporting organizations.
Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems(CAHPS)
The Joint Commission
The National Quality Forum (NQF)
National Quality Measures Clearinghouse
The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF), the largest philanthropy in the United States dedicated to improving health and health care, provides support for multiple efforts dedicated to increasing public awareness of the performance of health care providers:
Possible benefits.
Organizations are sensitive to public reporting
As the healthcare system moves from supply driven to demand driven, transparency of such quality reporting is important for informed decision making and efficiency improvements 
A 2001 retrospective cohort study found that health plans voluntarily generating public reports had higher quality ratings than those that chose not to publicly report. Another retrospective study of HMO’s yielded similar results, revealing that HMOs with lower quality scores were more likely to stop public reporting while higher performing HMOs continued to publicly report. Analysis of hospital performance reporting and consumer selection found mixed results about public perception and market share. A 1997 study “reported that releasing hospital-specific mortality rates was associated with small but statistically significant effects on utilization, whereas press reports of single, unexpected deaths were associated with a relatively large effect.”
More recent studies have identified the potential of public disclosure of performance in encouraging providers to focus on gaps in quality and stimulate performance improvement In addition, from a consumer perspective, health quality reports can encourage patients to preferentially choose high quality healthcare such as best health plans or assess the performance of providers 
Possible challenges.
Low use of ratings.
A 2007 survey of factors impacting individual consumer healthcare provider selections found that only 11 percent of American adults looked for a new primary care physician. Of those 11% went online for information, 38% used doctor or healthplan information. Nearly 40% used multiple sources.
28 percent needed a new specialist physician and 16 percent underwent a medical procedure at a new facility. Few of those relied on price or quality information and relied almost exclusively on physician referrals. Only 3% of patients undergoing procedures and 7% choosing a specialist went online for information.
A 2008 survey of public awareness and use of healthcare quality reports reported that:
20% of Americans surveyed said they had seen quality information about hospitals and only 7% said they used the information to make a decision.
12% of Americans surveyed said they had seen quality information about doctors and only 6% said they used the information to make a decision.
Although public reporting has taken center stage in qualitative and health policy research, there has been a slow uptake. Barriers identified are related to consumer behaviors and challenges with the conceptual framework. Health literacy is a key component to comprehend and use performance data. However, complexity of the performance data, technicality and presentation of the quality data makes the quality reports difficult to understand. Another impediment to the development of health quality reports is the challenge associated with measuring performance at the individual physician level (due to inadequate sample sizes, difficulty adjusting for the severity of patients medical condition) . This has led to group-level reporting which makes these reports less useful for consumers.
Thus, given the changing healthcare landscape, further research to understand consumer behaviors will be important to inform the development and increased uptake of health grade reports.
Accessibility.
There appears to be a breakdown in creative use of technology to get the information in the hands of those interested in using it. As pointed out by Kristen Madison, Senior Fellow at the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics, searching the Internet for “the term ‘hospital quality’ or’ hospital report card’ does not always turn up relevant report cards, even if they do exist”. To make these reports more accessible, large philanthropies, including the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, have funded major initiatives that are focused on performance measurement like the Aligning Forces for Quality program.
History of health quality reporting.
The earliest efforts to report on health professionals or facilities date to the mid-1980s when the Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA) – now the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) – published nationwide hospital-specific mortality data. The information was controversial at the time and HCFA ended publication of the mortality information in the early 1990s.
The media, state governments and the employer community have also contributed to the development of public reporting. Newsday published mortality rates for heart bypass surgery for 140 New York surgeons in December, 1991. The information resulted from a Freedom of Information lawsuit seeking data from the New York State Department of Health. State agencies in California, New York and Pennsylvania also published cardiac surgery hospital and physician information in the early-mid-1990s. Some states also report on other types of hospital and physician information in their licensing and regulatory roles. Information on complaints, sanctions and other disciplinary actions has slowly become available through state licensing boards and Departments of Health. The Cleveland Health Quality Choice Coalition was an early collaborative effort between hospitals, physicians and purchasers that provided public information on hospital quality, though it is no longer in operation.
Largely at the urging of employers implementing managed care plans in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the development of health plan measures and reports began to emerge. Prompted by concerns about possible quality of care problems in managed care plans, the National Committee for Quality Assurance’s (NCQA) Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) was developed to capture information about health plan quality of care. This measure set has been widely used by large employers, states and the Federal government as the basis for accrediting plans and for public reporting. At the same time, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) funded the development of a survey instrument to assess patient experience with receiving care from their managed care plan. The tool, the Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS) has been widely embraced and was embedded in NCQA’s health plan accreditation program. The CAHPS program has expanded over time to include a suite of survey tools to assess patient experience, including the CAHPS Hospital Survey (H-CAHPS) and the Clinician and Group CAHPS Survey.
The federal government re-entered the public reporting field in the late 1990s and the early years of the 21st century with the launch of the Compare websites including [http://www.medicare.gov/find-a-plan Health Plan Compare and Nursing Home Compare, and subsequently Home Health Compare and Dialysis Compare. During the same period, AHRQ was building on its quality indicator work through the Hospital Care and Utilization Project (HCUP) (now Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project) with the development of the AHRQ Quality Indicators in 2001 and the AHRQ Patient Safety measures in 2002. Starting in 2007, AHRQ launched a learning network of community collaboratives (i.e., the Charter Value Exchanges), which were committed to measuring and publicly reporting on provider performance in their communities. Those efforts were supplemented by the regional collaborative work of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation's Aligning Forces for Quality in 17 communities nationwide.
Other key organizations were also forming or expanding their portfolio to include measure development – particularly related to hospitals. The National Quality Forum (NQF) became operational in 2000 with the mission of standardizing health care performance measurement and strategies. Following on the release of the Institute of Medicine report To Err is Human, employers formed the Leapfrog Group, whose mission was to push hospitals to adopt safe practices. Leapfrog asked hospitals to voluntarily complete an annual survey to report on their safety practices, and these results were made public and, in some cases, became embedded in pay-for-performance programs. The Joint Commission was incorporating performance measurement into their accreditation process and multi-stakeholder groups such as the Hospital Quality Alliance (HQA) were working with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services on the development of Medicare's Hospital Compare.
Measure development and reporting on the physician side lagged measurement efforts at the plan and hospital level. In part due to methodological challenges involved in reporting given smaller sample sizes at the physician level, and also due to provider resistance. Recognizing increased pressure to measure performance and reduce variation, physician organizations began their own efforts to develop a set of performance measures. In 2000, the American Medical Association convened the Physician Consortium for Performance Improvement.page (PCPI) to develop, test and maintain physician performance measures. In September 2004, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American College of Physicians, America's Health Insurance Plans and AHRQ created the Ambulatory Care Quality Alliance (AQA) to implement performance measurement at the physician level. Legislation in 2006 created the Physician Quality Reporting Initiative (PQRI), now termed as the Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS), sponsored by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. This “pay-for-reporting” program provides incentive payments to physicians who report quality data; however, to date individual physician performance results are not publicly available for use by consumers. Similar to the hospital compare website, the new Physician Compare website, provides information on physicians and other healthcare professionals who are currently enrolled in Medicare. Data on their affiliation, certification status and participation in CMS quality improvement programs is also made available to the Medicare beneficiaries 
In the last decade the eHealth world for consumers has exploded with the growth of online advocacy and support groups.
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act passed in 2010 also calls for more public reporting of information about health care providers. As efforts by employers and health plans to assess the performance of both the quality and efficiency of individual physicians have grown, physicians have challenged these efforts for lack of transparency on the methods used to score them. In response to a settlement by the New York Attorney General, a coalition of purchasers and consumer groups developed the Patient Charter for Physician Performance Measurement, Reporting and Tiering (The Patient Charter”), which was released in 2008. The Patient Charter provided a process for reviewing the methods used to score providers and a framework for making the methods transparent.
Today, there are hundreds of public reporting activities across many types of health facilities and professionals including hospitals, physician groups, nursing homes, home health agencies, dialysis facilities, hospices and nurses. Some of these reporting activities result from government action, some from internal health professional or facility efforts to become more transparent, some from investigative journalism, some from community collaboratives, and others from employer or consumer groups. The ability to publish and update information through the Internet has facilitated the dissemination of information about health care performance. However, the information available to any given patient or family member still varies substantially in terms of its breadth, relevance and accessibility.

</doc>
<doc id="31133697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133697" title="Blackcube">
Blackcube

Blackcube was a rock band that enjoyed success in 2003 in London after signing a record deal with Genepool/Cargo (Genepool was a Universal Music Group spin-off label). Blackpool also recorded music for EMI Publishing in EMI Studios London. Chrysalis Publishing/Music, a major label at the time, was also said to be seeking the band's signature, led by Chrysalis' Managing Director Alison McDonald. Only in rare instances do heads of recording labels chase a new band for a deal, but Chrysalis Publishing/Music was eager to market this band as the next Guns N' Roses. Blackcube rejected the Chrysalis offer in favor of Genepool/Cargo's, amidst even more potential offers from labels such as EMI, Warner, and Polydor.
Blackcube stood out among other London bands at the time. As part of the "new music scene," Blackcube influenced The Towers Of London and others. Blackcube played alongside "The Libertines" "The Paddingtons" "Towers of London" (then "The Lost Boys") around London and at the famous Whitechapel "Doherty scene" nightclub, The Rhythm Factory. Blackcube became a hot property overnight and were almost certainly destined for bigger and better things. and were showcasing for Terri Hall of Hall or Nothing PR and Scott Thomas of ITB – International Talent Booking, whom they absolutely blew away at a private studio in the West End. Blackcube's raw and energetic sound quickly caught on with a fanbase after some very successful gigs around London.
Band members included Antonio Angelo Coletta (songwriter–backing vocals–bass guitar) Peter Blake (songwriter-guitarist)(also of My21Grams & Kill21) Craig Rushton (lead guitar–songwriter) (also of My21Grams & Kill21) Kye Blacket (songwriter-singer)(also of My21Grams & Easy Kill) Chris Mehrtens (drummer). They were managed and produced by Paul Robinson and John Catto (The Diodes) a lead singer and guitarist in a revolutionary punk band during the 1970s and 1980s.
Blackcube had airplay on XFM and was being plugged by Zoë Ball almost daily at the time. Their first single, "Breve", sold out of copies on the first day of its release. Antonio Coletta befriended Patrick Brannon (Donny Tourette - The Towers Of London) who was around the same venues at the time, and organised a gig at LSE University London, where the bands first played together. Stories circulated of the two bands meeting up and intoxicating themselves around the bars of London before during and after gigs. The two bands became close, and would gig together regularly. Trouble after gigs would sometimes involve the police having to be called and the young promising rock icons would be locked up for the night. Antonio also became friendly with Pete Doherty (The Libertines) after meeting him at a gig in London. The two were planning gigs together at venues for "New Live Music British Bands" to show the world how good the British music scene was becoming just before Pete Doherty split from The Libertines and became Babyshambles. The Left Hand who were also a band around at that time offered Antonio a place in their band just before Blackcube split as a bass player on a tour with Carbon/Silicon (Mick Jones-The Clash) new band. Johnny Borrell (Razorlight) was also rubbing shoulders with Antonio around the music scene in the early days of Blackcubes clime to success. Chris Merhtens (drummer of Blackcube) played with The Left hand supporting The Libertines at a gig at Brixton Academy, to which The Left Hand were signed to Alan Mgees Label.
Blackcube lasted about one year on the music scene, due to the band's wild and drunken behavior that resulted in the bust up of the band in 2004 after a gig headlining The Hammersmith Palais with The Paddingtons as supporting act. A fistfight between the drummer and the lead singer proved fatal to the band's stability, though post fight, it was said to be their best gig ever.
Press.
Logo Magazine
'While the leather-jacketed hordes search for ever more inventive ways of rehashing the glories of the past, Its easy to forget where the music came from in the first place: the heart. The difference comes when you hear this band, they're as different from the rest of the pack as, say, The Stooges were from The MC5 so why am I about to praise them to the skies? For the same reason The Stooges and The MC5 are worshipped today: because they understood that it ain't what you do it's the way that you do it. Blackcube do it with spirit, and sometimes that's all you need in this game.' Cliff Roberts Logo Magazine London.
Recent event.
Antonio has written a book based on the story of the band, and his life before and since. "Blood Sweat And Rock N Roll" will be published in Autumn 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31133715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133715" title="Benin Marina">
Benin Marina

Benin Marina is a four-star hotel in Cotonou, Benin. It is located at Boulevard De La Marina, B.P. 1901 in the Haie Vive neighborhood. It is the largest hotel in the country. It is located in a large building which was formerly a Sheraton hotel,west of the old port of Cotonou. Set in landscaped gardens, the hotel contains two swimming pools, three tennis courts and small 9-hole golf course.The building is only four storeys high but covers a significant area of land. The swimming pool is located next to the beach. The hotel has 200 rooms, 1 Royal Suite, 8 Junior Suites and 12 bungalows. The hotel contains the 'Le Popo' Coffeeshop Restaurant, 'Les Tanekas' Grill Bar by the pool, 'Le Nokoué' Pianobar and the 'Le Tèkè' Night Club / Karaoke Bar. The hotel is occasionally used for important diplomatic meetings in Cotonou and contains 1 conference room and 6 meeting rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="31133725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133725" title="Stan White (politician)">
Stan White (politician)

Stan M. White is a North Carolina politician who served as a member of the North Carolina Senate. A Democrat, he was appointed to represent Senate District 1 following the resignation of Sen. Marc Basnight just before the opening of the 2011 session of the legislature. He went on to lose the 2012 election to retain his seat by 21 votes out of more than 87,000 cast. White announced plans to run for the seat again in 2014.
White, who owns Stan White Realty and Construction on the Outer Banks, is a former Dare County commissioner and board chairman, and a former North Carolina Board of Transportation member.
White attended Manteo High School and is a graduate of East Carolina University.

</doc>
<doc id="31133736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133736" title="Boston Storm (disambiguation)">
Boston Storm (disambiguation)

The Boston Storm were a professional soccer team in the USISL from 1993–1995.
Boston Storm may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31133748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133748" title="International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability">
International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability

Inas (International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability; originally called INAS-FMH and later INAS-FID) was established in 1986 by professionals in the Netherlands who were involved in sport and wanted to promote the participation of athletes with mental handicap in elite sport.
History.
The founding meeting of the first Executive Committee took place in January 1986 and the organisation became a member of the ICC – the International Coordinating Committee – the organisation that later became the International Paralympic Committee.
Inas’ original membership was just 14 nations which has steadily grown into nearly 60 nations today.
In 1989, the 1st World Games for Athletes with an Intellectual Disability were held in Harnosand, Sweden and in 1992, immediately after the Barcelona Paralympic Games, the first Paralympic Games for ‘Persons with mental handicap’ were held in Madrid.
In 1994, INAS-FMH became INAS-FID – the ‘International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability’ and in 1996, for the first time, a small programme of events for athletes with an intellectual disability were included in the Paralympic Games in Atlanta.
A larger programme including Athletics, Swimming and Basketball was included in the Sydney Paralympic Games in 2000, but it soon emerged that a small number of athletes had cheated the system of determining eligibility, resulting in the suspension of events - a suspension that was to remain in place until 2009.
Despite exclusion from the Paralympic Games, the Inas sport programme continued to grow considerably to incorporate more than 10 sports whilst its membership grew to cover all 5 continents.
Inas provides competition opportunities for elite athletes with an intellectual disability within the Paralympic programme, and is different from Special Olympics, which provides non-elite opportunities worldwide.
Eligibility and classification.
Athletes with an intellectual disability are characterised by an IQ of 75 or below, significant limitations in Adaptive Behaviour and the disability must be present before the age of 18. This is based on the American Association for Intellectual and Developmental Disability definition of Intellectual Disability.
Approximately 1.5% of the population are thought to have an intellectual disability.
Current activities.
Today’s sport programme includes some 15 annual events, more than 2500 athletes are registered to compete at an international level, whilst many thousands of people with an intellectual disability have the opportunity to enjoy sport through the work of our member organisations.
Following a partnership between Inas and the International Paralympic Committee to overhaul the process of determining athlete eligibility, events for athletes with an intellectual disability were re-instated to the Paralympic programme by the IPC General Assembly in November 2009, in preparation for the London 2012 Paralympic Games.
In 2010, the organisation was re-branded as ‘Inas' - the International Federation for para-athletes with an intellectual disability.
Global Games.
In 2004 Inas launched a new multi-sport competition - the Global Games. The first event took place in Bollnas, Sweden and featured more than 1000 athletes. The second Global Games took place in Czech Republic in 2009.
With the re-inclusion of athletes with an intellectual disability into Paralympic competition, it was decided to move the Global games to the year preceding the Paralympics. The next Global Games therefore takes place in 2011. After a bidding procedure, Italy was chosen as host nation.

</doc>
<doc id="31133768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133768" title="Oxford Institute of Legal Practice">
Oxford Institute of Legal Practice

The Oxford Institute of Legal Practice (OXILP) was a law school based in Oxford, United Kingdom which specialised in teaching the Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice, also known as the Legal Practice Course (LPC).
History.
The Oxford Institute of Legal Practice was established by the University of Oxford and Oxford Brookes University in 1993 as an Oxford-based law school specialised in the delivery of the Legal Practice Course (LPC), which culminates in the award of the Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice. OXILP diplomas were jointly awarded by the University of Oxford and Oxford Brookes University and its students had access to the facilities of both universities. It was based in King Charles House on Park End Street in central Oxford.
In 2000 OXILP was one of three LPC providers chosen by a group of eight City law firms to provide a new corporate-orientated LPC.
In 2008 the University of Oxford decided to exit the provision of the LPC and, effective 2008, OXILP became a part of the School of Social Sciences and Law of Oxford Brookes, and moved to Headington Hill Hall, a Grade II listed mansion dating back to 1771 owned by Oxford Brookes. 
In March 2011 a former OXILP student who had failed its LPC course lost a bid for damages at the High Court for what she claimed had been "clearly negligent" tuition.
In March 2013 Oxford Brookes announced its intention to cease teaching the legal practice course at the end of the 2012/13 academic year, following a 50 per cent decline in applications over the prior five years. The University of Law subsequently agreed to take over the provision of Oxford Brookes' legal practice course.

</doc>
<doc id="31133770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133770" title="Tiago Alves Sales">
Tiago Alves Sales

Tiago Alves Sales, known as Tiago Alves or simply Tiago (São João do Araguaia, January 12, 1993) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Paraná on loan from Santos as a forward.
Career.
His debut as a professional was on 2 February 2011, in the match against Ponte Preta, in Paulistão, after came off the bench to replace Keirrison. He made his first professional goal in 27 March 2011, in the 3–2 away victory against Ituano.
On 16 May 2012, Tiago was loaned to Série B club Boa Esporte, but on August 2012, after bad appearances, he returned to Santos.
On 3 December 2012, he was loaned to América Mineiro until the end of 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31133784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133784" title="Sheffield United Gas Light Company Offices">
Sheffield United Gas Light Company Offices

The former Sheffield United Gas Light Company Offices is a Grade II listed building situated on the northern side of Commercial Street in the centre of the City of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. It was originally known as Panache House and this is carved above the western doorway of the building, today it is better known as Canada House. While the main outlook of the building is out onto Commercial Street there is also a short frontage onto Shude Hill at its eastern end and this designated as 19 Shude Hill.
History.
The building was constructed for the Sheffield United Gas Light Company in 1874 by M.E. Hadfield & Son in the classical style of a grand Italian villa. The interior contains ornate plaster ceilings and period fireplaces. The general office contains a glazed dome by J.F. Bentley and carvings by Thomas Earp while the board room contains a decorative ceiling by Hugh Stannus. Improvements and additions were made to the building in 1890. The building remained as offices for the Gas Board until 1972 and throughout this period it was informally known as the Gas Office. The vacant building was offered for sale in 1972 but no buyers came forward. Property developers sought consent to demolish the building and redevelop the site but this was opposed by several preservation societies and in June 1973 it was designated as a Grade II* listed building (later downgraded to Grade II).
An inquiry into the building’s future in 1977 resulted in Sheffield’s Assistant Chief Planner David Cathels stating that the building was considered to be “A vigorous and distinguished example of Victorian architecture which should be retained”. Local businessman Les Vickers paid £110,000 for the building in 1978 with a scheme to turn it into a hotel and conference centre, however these plan fell through and in the early 1980s the building’s lower floor was converted into “Turn Ups” nightclub and “Bloomers” pub. In 1990 Canadian Business Parks of Bedfordshire acquired the building with plans to restore it, but this never happened as the company hit financial problems.
The building continued to deteriorate throughout the early 1990s and in 1996 Sheffield City Council served a legal notice on the owners to effect repairs. However, no maintenance was carried out, rain came in through the damaged roof and period fireplaces were stolen by thieves. The Council in partnership with English Heritage sealed the building against further damage and it was then acquired by English Partnerships, the Government agency for regeneration. The building has been restored and at present hosts the No. 1 Oriental Buffet Restaurant on it lower floor with office space above.
Architecture.
The building is constructed in the Italian Renaissance Revival style. Among the highlights of the architecture are the four paired granite Corinthian columns on both the ground and first floor. The main door is round arched with steps and is flanked by two figures of Atlas on pedestals supporting a segmental Pediment. The roof has four square corner pinnacles topped with spires.

</doc>
<doc id="31133793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133793" title="Bilal Duckett">
Bilal Duckett

Kevin Bilal Duckett (born January 9, 1989 in Macon, Georgia) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Charlotte Eagles in the USL Pro.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Duckett played youth soccer in Georgia and played for McIntosh High School where he captained the squad to a state title in his senior season. Duckett joined the Notre Dame Fighting Irish in 2007 and was the starting right back during his last two years with the school.
Professional.
Duckett was drafted first in the third round (37th overall) in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft by Vancouver Whitecaps FC. His versatility impressed coach Teitur Thordarson, who used Duckett, a natural right back, at centre back and left back during the 2011 pre-season. The club signed Duckett on March 15, 2011, and he made his professional debut on June 1 in a game against Chivas USA.
Duckett was waived by Vancouver on November 23, 2011.
Duckett signed with USL Pro team Harrisburg City Islanders on March 27, 2012.
Duckett signed with the MLS team New England Revolution on February 11, 2013.
On February 20, 2014 Duckett signed with USL Pro club Charlotte Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="31133811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133811" title="Aaro Oral">
Aaro Oral

Aaro Oral () is a 1978 Malayalam film written and directed by V. K. Pavithran. It was his debut as a director. It introduced to Malayalam a genre of personal cinema, which is deliberately anti-realist. The film's music is composed by acclaimed film director G. Aravindan.
Plot.
Malathi, a gynaecologist, is childless. To remedy this she divorces her husband and marries his friend Ravi. Some months after, she gives birth to an eight year old child. In the climax, she commits suicide and her husband dies shortly after her death. Meanwhile, it is shown that her former husband finds salvation in religion.

</doc>
<doc id="31133819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133819" title="Sing for Me (Andreas Johnson song)">
Sing for Me (Andreas Johnson song)

"Sing for Me" is an English language song by Swedish singer Andreas Johnson that he presented in Melodifestivalen 2006 in a bid to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest
It was released in 2006, becoming the most successful of all his singles reaching #2 on Sverigetopplistan, the official Swedish Singles Chart and was certified gold. The song also appears on his album "Mr. Johnson, Your Room Is On Fire". The album itself reached #4 on the Swedish Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31133840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133840" title="The Ring of Solomon">
The Ring of Solomon

The Ring of Solomon is a fantasy novel, a prequel to the "Bartimaeus" trilogy, written by Jonathan Stroud. It was first published in 2010 and is set in a fantasy version of ancient Jerusalem.
Plot summary.
The story opens in Jerusalem with the djinni Bartimaeus who is currently in the service of one of King Solomon's 17 High Magicians. His master commands him to retrieve a magical artifact of sorts from the city of Eridu. Bartimaeus succeeds, and then manages to trick the magician into commanding him to use the artifact against him. It sends a spurt of water out at him and knocks him out of his protective circle. Bartimaeus subsequently devours the old man and with the magician's death is released and returns to the Other Place.
King Solomon of Israel, upon learning of Bartimaeus's murder of Ezekiel (the old magician who enslaved Bartimaeus) is insulted that a mere djinni is the perpetrator. To make Bartimaeus pay for his actions he commands Khaba, an Egyptian and another of the 17 to summon Bartimaeus into his service and punish him. He also proposes to the queen of Sheba and is refused.
The scene shifts to the Sheban capital of Marib where Balkis, the aforementioned queen, receives a message from a marid supposedly in Solomon's service: either pay a ransom of 40 sacks of frankincense or be destroyed, and gives her two weeks to pay. Balkis decides to send her loyal guard captain Asmira to Jerusalem to assassinate Solomon.
Back in Jerusalem, after being summoned into Khaba's service, Bartimaeus is commissioned to perform multiple degrading jobs including grain counting, sewage treatment, and artichoke collecting. Another unpleasant element is that one of his fellow slaves is his old rival Faquarl. Khaba assembles the eight djinn under his command and informs them that they have been commissioned to build Solomon's Temple on the Temple Mount and that they are to build it without using any magic whatsoever. After Bartimaeus uses his trademark wit to infuriate Khaba, the magician unleashes his essence flail on the djinn and threatens to place them in his essence cages (devices similar to the Mournful Orb in The Amulet of Samarkand) should they displease him a second time.
At first Khaba and his foliot Gezeri directly supervise the initial stages of construction but after a while they stop showing up at the building site and the attitudes of the djinn grows lax. They begin assuming nonhuman forms and start using magic to build the temple (both actions directly violate Solomon's edicts). Several days later Solomon makes an unexpected appearance on the building site. The other djinn manage to revert to human form and disguise their use of magic but Bartimaeus is caught in the form of a pygmy hippopotamus in a skirt (a comic reference to one of Solomon's 700 wives, "the one from Moab"). The king interrogates Bartimaeus and the djinni reluctantly admits his guilt while covering for the other spirits. As Solomon prepares to use the Ring on Bartimaeus, the djinni resorts to a display of groveling in order to appease the king. Bartimaeus's pathetic display amuses Solomon, who agrees to spare the djinni's life and instead punishes him (and Khaba, whom Solomon blames for failing to keep his spirits in line) by sending them to hunt down the bandits.
Several days later, out in the desert, Bartimaeus and Faquarl find and defeat desert bandits attacking Asmira. Faquarl insists on eating her but Bartimaeus hopes she can intercede with Khaba on their behalf. Asmira is then escorted to Jerusalem by Khaba and manages to persuade him to reluctantly dismiss the two djinn. Faquarl gains his freedom but Bartimaeus is imprisoned in a small bottle by Khaba and his principle slave, the marid Ammet, as punishment for his earlier crimes. Asmira tries to use her feminine wiles to convince Khaba to get her near Solomon and fails. Asmira frees Bartimaeus from the bottle and commands him to help her kill Solomon. The pair sneak through the palace gardens and scale the tower wall to Solomon's chamber almost completely through Bartimaeus' efforts.
They encounter the king in his observatory and Asmira kills him with her dagger only to discover that it is an illusion set up to trap them. Bartimaeus escapes, but Asmira is captured and taken before the true King Solomon. Meanwhile Bartimaeus encounters the trapped afrit Philocretes and learns the secret behind Solomon and the Ring, that it causes immense pain to the bearer, in this case King Solomon. He then sneaks into the chamber where Solomon is interrogating Asmira and steals the Ring. Asmira claims the Ring only to discover that its energies inflict pain upon whoever touches it or uses it. Solomon maintains that he never sent any ransom demand to Sheba, which causes Asmira to doubt herself and her loyalty to Queen Balkis. In the end Asmira does not kill the king, choosing instead to take the Ring back to Sheba in spite of Solomon's warnings and Bartimaeus' demoralizing analysis of her motives. Suddenly Khaba arrives, subdues both girl and djinn and claims the Ring for himself. Khaba commands the Spirit of the Ring to destroy several of his rival magicians as well as Solomon's palace, but Asmira manages to grab her last throwing knife and slices off Khaba's finger, with the ring still on it, and commands Bartimaeus to throw it in the sea. Although weakened by his use of the Ring, Khaba attempts to destroy both Asmira and Solomon who manage to hold off Khaba's other servants for a brief time.
Meanwhile Bartimeaus has fled the palace with Ammet in hot pursuit. The two eventually reach the shores of the Mediterranean Sea and, Bartimaeus dips the ring in the sea, fulfilling his command. In an unexpected move, he then puts the Ring on and commands the Spirit to seal Ammet inside a wine jar at the bottom of the sea for a few thousand years. Returning to Jerusalem Bartimaeus knocks out Khaba and returns the Ring to Asmira who gives it back to Solomon. The king imprisons Khaba and pardons both Asmira and Bartimaeus for their deeds. Solomon then summons Queen Balkis to Jerusalem and clears the misunderstanding. However, a spiteful Balkis disowns her loyal guard from her service. Solomon then offers Asmira the opportunity to work for him instead.
In the aftermath of the attack Asmira willingly dismisses Bartimaeus, revealing her intention to turn down Solomon's offer in favour of choosing her own path in life and the two part ways on friendly terms.
Reception.
The book received generally positive reception and was praised for its portrayal of complex characters.

</doc>
<doc id="31133841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133841" title="Uranus orbiter and probe">
Uranus orbiter and probe

A Uranus orbiter and probe is a proposed mission to probe Uranus, its atmosphere, rings, and moons, was recommended to NASA in 2011 by its Planetary Science Decadal Survey 2013–2022. A mission study was conducted which also considered Neptune; however, for feasibility reasons Neptune was dropped in favor of Uranus. Two white papers on Uranus exploration were also submitted to the decadal survey. The survey listed the Uranus orbiter and probe as the third priority for a flagship mission after the MAX-C rover and the JEO component of the Europa Jupiter System Mission. 
Although a chemical propulsion mission to Uranus is possible, solar-powered electric propulsion is preferred because it allows a larger spacecraft mass. The proposed mission would launch in the years 2020–2023. Travel time to Uranus with solar-electric propulsion would be 13 years, with one Earth-flyby gravity-assist, with launch-windows from Earth of 21 days every year. 
In early 2012, because of the FY2013 budget proposal, NASA flagship-class planetary missions were put on hold. U.S. plans to develop more planetary flagships beyond the $2.5 billion Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) are waiting until the budget situation changes. A cheaper mission might happen as a medium-class mission. There is also a study that recommended a New Frontiers orbiter for Uranus.

</doc>
<doc id="31133871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133871" title="2011 BNP Paribas Open – Men's Doubles">
2011 BNP Paribas Open – Men's Doubles

The 2011 BNP Paribas Open was a tennis tournament played at Indian Wells, California, United States in March 2011. It was the 37th edition of the event, known as the BNP Paribas Open, and was classified as an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event on the 2011 ATP World Tour and a Premier Mandatory event on the 2011 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden from March 7 through March 20, 2011.
Marc López and Rafael Nadal were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka.<br>
Federer and Wawrinka reached the final, but lost to Alexandr Dolgopolov and Xavier Malisse 4–6, 7–6(5–7), [7–10].

</doc>
<doc id="31133892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133892" title="Hotel de la Plage">
Hotel de la Plage

Hotel de la Plage is a hotel in Cotonou, Benin. It is located at Boulevard De La Marina by the old port, opposite the Nigerian Embassy. Described as "the grand old dame of Cotonou's hotels", its is located in a colonial building, with 58 rooms.In 1977, it had a reported 50 rooms and was said to have 10 rooms with private loggias facing the sea.The hotel has a bar and fast food kiosk overlooking the beach. 

</doc>
<doc id="31133906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133906" title="Anderson Carvalho">
Anderson Carvalho

Anderson de Carvalho Santos (born 20 May 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Boavista F.C. in Portugal, as a defensive midfielder.
Career.
Born in Cubatão, Anderson Carvalho made his debut as a professional on 30 January 2011, replacing Rodrigo Possebon in a 2–0 home success against São Paulo, for the Campeonato Paulista championship. Three days later he was handed his first start, playing 56 minutes in a 2–2 away draw against Ponte Preta, but being replaced due to Rafael's ejection.
In August 2012, Anderson Carvalho was loaned to Japanese club Vissel Kobe until December. However, he suffered with muscular injuries in Japan, and returned to Brazil without appearing for the club. On 11 December, Anderson Carvalho was loaned to Penapolense until the end of 2013 Campeonato Paulista.
On 1 July 2014 he was deemed suplus to requirements by new manager Oswaldo de Oliveira, and after rescinding his link with "Peixe", joined Portuguese side Boavista in a three-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="31133907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133907" title="Hugh Auchincloss Steers">
Hugh Auchincloss Steers

Hugh Auchincloss Steers (b. 1962/1963 – March 1, 1995) was a painter whose work is in the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Walker Art Center, and the Denver Art Museum. He died of AIDS at the age of 32. He was the brother of filmmaker Burr Steers. He was the grandson of Hugh D. Auchincloss and Nina Gore, and the son of Newton Steers. He was the half-nephew of both Gore Vidal and Jackie Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="31133921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133921" title="Refrigerated Vehicles">
Refrigerated Vehicles

Refrigerated Vehicles (UK) Ltd, often referred to as RVL, is a manufacturing company focused on the refrigerated vehicle industry, accounting for much of the demand for the UK. It is located in Squires Farm Ind. Estate, nr. Framfield, East Sussex, England, and was founded in the early 1980s. 
The company was founded by Ray Burridge, who has retired, and is run by his son, Paul. RVL has developed as not just a production company but a service company as well, offering breakdown support, refurbishment and repair for refrigerated vehicles.
Company history.
RVL is a family owned and run business. In the early years, it specialised in welding truck bodies and floors via a mobile unit. It then went on to service and repair insulated bodies and refrigeration units, and to then carry out vehicle chassis replacements.
It then began building insulated bodies. Further expansion came with a move to new premises, which enabled it to fully expand manufacturing in the areas of van and vehicle conversions as well as building temperature-controlled bodies.
A large portion of the company's manufacturing focusses on food home delivery vehicles, providing vehicles for food retail companies, including Asda, Sainsbury's and Kent Frozen Foods.
Products.
RV products include vehicle conception and design, building, implementation and a painting/graphics service.
Products available:
Services.
RVL offers mobile support for repair and breakdown support. With the addition of a second depot in Manchester and repair facilities at the main depot in the South East, the company is able to provide a nationwide service.
The capability of the RVL teams ranges from minor accident damage through to total refurbishment and complete body overhauls. The redesign and conversion of vans and other vehicles is a large part of the RVL workshop.

</doc>
<doc id="31133925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133925" title="United States Army Financial Management School">
United States Army Financial Management School

The United States Army Financial Management School is located in Fort Jackson, SC, and has the mission of providing the United States Army with agile military and civilian leaders trained in financial management, and develop complementary concepts, doctrine, organization,across the spectrum of Financial Management in support of America's Armed Forces in war and peace. Students take classes and train in subjects such as advanced accounting and analysis, accounts payable and disbursing operations. While training in financial management at Fort Jackson, soldiers must still participate in physical training and testing.
History.
The Second Continental Congress appointed a Paymaster General of the Army on 16 June 1775, thereby creating a Pay Department consisting of finance soldiers that disbursed pay throughout the Continental Army. The Pay Department became a part of the Quartermaster Corps in 1912; the Finance Department became a separate army branch in 1920. At this point, the U.S. Army Finance Corps became responsible for more than monthly pay when it took on all auditing and budgeting for the entire War Department.
US Code Title 10 § 3022. Financial Management.
(a) The Secretary of the Army shall provide that the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Financial Management shall direct and manage financial management activities and operations of the Department of the Army, including ensuring that financial management systems of the Department of the Army comply with subsection (b). The authority of the Assistant Secretary for such direction and management shall include the authority to—
(1) supervise and direct the preparation of budget estimates of the Department of the Army and otherwise carry out, with respect to the Department of the Army, the functions specified for the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) in section 135 (c) of this title;
(2) approve and supervise any project to design or enhance a financial management system for the Department of the Army; and
(3) approve the establishment and supervise the operation of any asset management system of the Department of the Army, including—
(A) systems for cash management, credit management, and debt collection; and
(B) systems for the accounting for the quantity, location, and cost of property and inventory.

</doc>
<doc id="31133936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133936" title="Old Haileyburians">
Old Haileyburians

Old Haileyburians may refer to the former pupils of two schools called "Haileybury".

</doc>
<doc id="31133948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31133948" title="Muncie Central High School">
Muncie Central High School

Muncie Central High School (MCHS) in Muncie, Indiana, is a public high school which had an enrollment of 899 at the end of the 2010/2011 school year. The school is part of the Muncie Community Schools Corp. It opened in 1868.
History.
Opening in 1868 as Muncie High School, the original graduating class consisted of six students. In 1881 the school was renamed Muncie Central High School, and in 1915 it relocated to a four-story building on South High Street in Muncie. It was one of the first schools in Indiana to adopt a mascot in the early 1920s.
In 1974 the school moved to its present location on Walnut Street in downtown Muncie. The school was originally open concept with almost no interior walls, but it has since been remodeled to a traditional format. 
The school has a strong athletics history, with eight state basketball championships and three consecutive state volleyball championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31134025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134025" title="Old Suttonians">
Old Suttonians

Old Suttonians may refer to the former pupils of 2 schools:

</doc>
<doc id="31134038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134038" title="1998 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
1998 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1998 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from February 26–March 1, 1998 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was Richmond, who received an automatic bid to the 1998 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="31134106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134106" title="2011 A Championship">
2011 A Championship

The 2011 A Championship is the fourth and final edition of the A Championship, the third tier in the Republic of Ireland football league system. It is known as the Newstalk A Championship for sponsorship reasons. The team are the defending champions.
League Rules.
Procedure.
There are 16 participating clubs in the 2011 A Championship - 4 first team sides, as well as the reserve sides from 10 Premier Division clubs and 2 First Division clubs. These teams are geographically split into 2 groups of 8 teams each.
Teams receive three points for a win and one point for a draw. No points are awarded for a loss. Teams are ranked by total points, then goal difference and then goals scored. If there is equality in points, goal difference and goals scored, the clubs involved took part in a play-off to decide their finishing positions.
The top two teams in each group will qualify for the championship play-offs.
First team sides can qualify for a promotion play-off by finishing in the top 3 of their respective groups.
Teams.
Changes before the season.
, , and withdrew from the A Championship. Castlebar Celtic and Tullamore Town both cited uncertainty over the future of the A Championship for influencing their respective withdrawals.
The following teams joined the 2010 A Championship in Pool 1:
League tables.
Updated 17 August 2011
Results.
Updated 17 August 2011
Season Statistics.
Goalscorers.
Last Updated: 17 August 2011
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31134118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134118" title="One Reality">
One Reality

One Reality is the second album by American metalcore band, Texas in July. It was released through Equal Vision Records on April 26, 2011. The album was produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris and is the first release by the band to feature current rhythm guitarist, Chris Davis as well as their first to be released through Equal Vision.

</doc>
<doc id="31134120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134120" title="Wyoming Highway 310">
Wyoming Highway 310

Wyoming Highway 310 is Wyoming State Road located in central Platte County.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 310 begins its western end (southern at this point) at Reservoir Road on the edge of the Wheatland Reservoir #1, southwest of Wheatland. WYO 310 travels due north, named "Hightower Road", for approximately 4 miles until it intersects the southern terminus of Wyoming Highway 311 (N. Hightower Road) near the CDP of Westview Circle. Here WYO 310 turns east toward Wheatland and travels now due east for almost 4 miles before reaching "16th Street", the former routing of US 87 through Wheatland, where it turns south onto "16th Street". Highway 310 travels south for a short distance of only 0.33 miles and ends at an intersection with I-25 Business/US 87 Business and the northern terminus of Wyoming Highway 312.
History.
The length of Highway 310 between its southern terminus and Oak Street in Wheatland was the former routing of US Route 87 prior to its relocation onto Interstate 25. Prior to this, WYO 310 used to end at the intersection of Oak Street and 16th Street (Old US 87), but was later extended south another third of a miles to its current terminus.

</doc>
<doc id="31134142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134142" title="List of mountains in the Valencian Community">
List of mountains in the Valencian Community

This is a list of mountains in the Valencian Community of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="31134155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134155" title="John J. Ballam">
John J. Ballam

John J. "Johnny" Ballam (1882-1954) was an American Marxist political activist and trade union organizer. He is best remembered as a founding member and one of the pioneer leaders of the Communist Party of America and as a leader of the Trade Union Unity League in the textile industry during the 1930s.
Biography.
Early years.
John J. Ballam was born June 9, 1882.
Political Career.
Ballam was a member of the Socialist Labor Party of America from 1898 to 1902.
In 1905, Ballam joined the fledgling Industrial Workers of the World, remaining a member of that organization through 1912.
In 1912, Ballam joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA). He remained a member of the Socialist Party through the 1919 split of the organization.
On June 10, 1918, Ballam was sentenced in Boston to 1 year in jail under the Espionage Act for a speech he delivered against American participation in the first World War. Ballam served time at the Plymouth County Jail until his release on about April 1, 1919.
In 1919, Ballam was a member of the Left Wing National Council, the New York-based group which was the embryo responsible for establishing the Communist Party of America (CPA) that same summer.
Ballam was a delegate to the founding convention of the CPA, held in Chicago the first week of September 1919. He was elected vice chairman by the convention but resigned in protest after just one day in response to internecine factional fighting that dominated the proceedings.
Following the conclusion of the founding convention of the CPA, Ballam edited the biweekly newspaper "The New England Worker," published by the new organization.
Ballam was arrested by the United States Department of Justice in New Orleans, Louisiana on December 2, 1919. He was returned to Massachusetts to face charges of having violated the Massachusetts Anti-Anarchy Act, which he did in January 1920.
Ballam was a member of the first Central Executive Committee of the CPA, elected in 1919. He remained in this position through 1921. District Organizer for an area including the cities of Cleveland and Pittsburgh for that group from April 1920 onwards.
During the first months of American communism, Ballam was regarded as a hardline opponent of unity of the CPA with the rival Communist Labor Party of America or its successor, the United Communist Party of America. Following unification of the CPA with this group, Ballam emerged as the leading English-speaking figure of a dissident left opposition group which split from the CPA late in 1921 over the issue of the forced participation of ostensibly underground party members in a "legal political party." Ballam was chosen to make the trip to Moscow on behalf of his comrades in an attempt to gain recognition for the underground Communist Party dissidents and their "legal" wing, the United Toilers, as the Communist International's official representatives in America.
Early in 1922 the Comintern ruled against the Central Caucus's parallel "Communist Party of America," ordering its members to reunite with the regular party organization and to turn over all of its "records, addresses, connections, and properties" to the main organization within 60 days. 
Ballam agreed to this demand of the Comintern and returned to the regular CPA, which elected him a delegate to the party's ill-fated 1922 Bridgman Convention, held in August. Although he escaped arrest at the time of the raid, Ballam was among 9 of those who surrendered to authorities on March 10, 1923. He was released on a $1,000 bond but was never brought to trial on charges of having violated the Michigan anti-syndicalist law through his participation in the gathering.
In August 1923 Ballam was chosen as the campaign manager for the Workers Party of America's (successor to the underground CPA) effort to raise $100,000 to establish a daily newspaper in America.
During the bitter factional warfare of the 1920s, Ballam was a consistent supporter of the Communist Party faction headed by John Pepper, C.E. Ruthenberg, and Jay Lovestone.
Ballam worked as the Workers Party of America's district organizer for Buffalo and upstate New York state in 1924.
Political campaigns.
Ballam was the candidate of the Workers Party for Governor of Massachusetts in 1924. He ran for United States Senator from Massachusetts in 1926 and again in 1928.
In 1931 Ballam ran for Governor of New Jersey as the candidate of the Communist Party USA. The next year he ran for Governor of Massachusetts, heading the party's ticket in that state.
Ballam's final run for political office came in 1940, when he ran for United States Congress in the 16th Congressional District of New York.
Union activities.
In 1922, Ballam was named the New England organizer for Textile Workers Union of the Trade Union Educational League. 
Ballam was involved as a union leader in the 1926 Passaic Textile Strike. He appeared as himself in the documentary film on the strike produced by the Workers (Communist) Party of America to publicize the plight of the strikers.
Ballam was named the National Organizer of the National Textile Workers Union, part of the Communist Party-sponsored Trade Union Unity League in 1933. In this capacity he was active in helping direct the 1933 strike of workers in the silk industry, a stoppage which involved as many as 65,000 workers in New Jersey and elsewhere in the east.
Death and legacy.
John J. Ballam died in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31134165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134165" title="Hugh Mackay (Quebec politician)">
Hugh Mackay (Quebec politician)

Hugh Mackay (1832 – April 2, 1890) was a Scottish-born businessman and political figure in Quebec. He was a member of the Legislative Council of Quebec representing Victoria division from April 4 to 13 in 1888.
He was born in Caithness, the son of Angus Mackay and his wife Euphemia. Mackay came to Canada during the 1890s and was educated at the École Phillips in Montreal. He was employed by Joseph Mackay and Sons which was owned by his uncles, becoming a partner in 1856. Mackay was president of the Mackay Institute for deaf-mutes, vice-president of the local St. Andrew's Society and a director of the Royal Canadian Insurance Company. He was also a co-founder and director for the Bell Telephone Company of Canada. Mackay later moved to Saint Louis, Missouri, where he died at the age of 57. He was buried in Mount Royal Cemetery.
His brother Robert served in the Canadian senate.

</doc>
<doc id="31134172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134172" title="List of Indiana state lakes">
List of Indiana state lakes

<tr><th align=left>Name<th align=left>Location
<tr><td>"(by alphabetical order)"<td>"(of main entrance)"
<tr><td><td>
<tr><td>Brookville Lake<td>Franklin County
<tr><td>Cagles Mill Lake (Lieber SRA)<td>Putnam County
<tr><td>Cecil M. Harden Lake (Raccoon SRA)<td>Parke County
<tr><td>Hardy Lake<td>Scott County
<tr><td>Mississinewa Lake<td>Wabash County, Indiana 
<tr><td>Monroe Lake<td>Monroe County
<tr><td>Patoka Lake<td>Crawford County
<tr><td>Salamonie Lake<td>Huntington County
<tr><td>Salamonie SF<td>Huntington County
</table>

</doc>
<doc id="31134176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134176" title="Phyre / Phyre2">
Phyre / Phyre2

Phyre and Phyre2 (Protein Homology/AnalogY Recognition Engine; pronounced as 'fire') are web-based services for protein structure prediction that are free for non-commercial use. Phyre is among the most popular methods for protein structure prediction having been cited over 1500 times. Like other remote homology recognition techniques (see protein threading), it is able to regularly generate reliable protein models when other widely used methods such as PSI-BLAST cannot. Phyre2 has been designed (funded by the BBSRC) to ensure a user-friendly interface for users inexpert in protein structure prediction methods.
Description.
The Phyre and Phyre2 servers predict the three-dimensional structure of a protein sequence using the principles and techniques of homology modeling.
Because the structure of a protein is more conserved in evolution than its amino acid sequence, a protein sequence of interest (the target) can be modeled with reasonable accuracy on a very distantly related sequence of known structure (the template), provided that the relationship between target and template can be discerned through sequence alignment. Currently the most powerful and accurate methods for detecting and aligning remotely related sequences rely on profiles or hidden Markov models (HMMs). These profiles/HMMs capture the mutational propensity of each position in an amino acid sequence based on observed mutations in related sequences and can be thought of as an 'evolutionary fingerprint' of a particular protein.
Typically, the amino acid sequences of a representative set of all known three-dimensional protein structures is compiled, and these sequences are processed by scanning against a large protein sequence database. The result is a database of profiles or HMMs, one for each known 3D structure. A user sequence of interest is similarly processed to form a profile/HMM. This user profile is then scanned against the database of profiles using profile-profile or HMM-HMM alignment techniques. These alignments can also take into account patterns of predicted or known secondary structure elements and can be scored using various statistical models. See protein structure prediction for more information.
The first Phyre server was released in June 2005 and uses a profile-profile alignment algorithm based on each proteins position-specific scoring matrix. The Phyre2 server was publicly released February 2011 as a replacement for the original Phyre server and provides extra functionality over Phyre, a more advanced interface, fully updated fold library and uses the HHpred / HHsearch package for homology detection among other improvements.
Standard usage.
After pasting a protein amino acid sequence into the Phyre or Phyre2 submission form, a user will typically wait between 30 minutes and several hours (depending on factors such as sequence length, number of homologous sequences and frequency and length of insertions and deletions) for a prediction to complete. An email containing summary information and the predicted structure in PDB format are sent to the user together with a link to a web page of results. The Phyre2 results screen is divided into three main sections, described below.
Secondary structure and disorder prediction.
The user-submitted protein sequence is first scanned against a large sequence database using PSI-BLAST. The profile generated by PSI-BLAST is then processed by the neural network secondary structure prediction program PsiPred and the protein disorder predictor Disopred. The predicted presence of alpha-helices, beta-strands and disordered regions is shown graphically together with a color-coded confidence bar.
Domain analysis.
Many proteins contain multiple protein domains. Phyre2 provides a table of template matches color-coded by confidence and indicating the region of the user sequence matched. This can aid in the determination of the domain composition of a protein.
Detailed template information.
The main results table in Phyre2 provides confidence estimates, images and links to the three-dimensional predicted models and information derived from either Structural Classification of Proteins database (SCOP) or the Protein Data Bank (PDB) depending on the source of the detected template. For each match a link takes the user to a detailed view of the alignment between the user sequence and the sequence of known three-dimensional structure.
Alignment view.
The detailed alignment view permits a user to examine individual aligned residues, matches between predicted and known secondary structure elements and the ability to toggle information regarding patterns of sequence conservation and secondary structure confidence. In addition Jmol is used to permit interactive 3D viewing of the protein model.
Improvements in Phyre2.
Phyre2 uses a fold library that is updated weekly as new structures are solved. It uses a more up-to-date interface and offers additional functionality over the Phyre server 
as described below.
Additional functionality.
Batch processing.
The batch processing feature permits users to submit more than one sequence to Phyre2 by uploading a file of sequences in FASTA format. By default, users have a limit of 100 sequences in a batch. This limit can be raised by contacting the administrator.
Batch jobs are processed in the background on free computing power as it becomes available. Thus, batch jobs will often take longer than individually submitted jobs, but this is necessary to allow a fair distribution of computing resources to all Phyre2 users.
One to one threading.
One to one threading allows you to upload both a sequence you wish modelled AND the template on which to model it. Users sometimes have a protein sequence that they wish to model on a specific template of their choice. This may be for example a newly solved structure that is not in the Phyre2 database or because of some additional biological information that indicates the chosen template would produce a more accurate model than the one(s) automatically chosen by Phyre2.
Backphyre.
Instead of predicting the 3D structure of a protein sequence, often users have a solved structure and they are interested in determining if there is a related structure in a genome of interest. In Phyre2 an uploaded protein structure can be converted into a hidden Markov model and then scanned against a set of genomes (more than 20 genomes as of March 2011). This functionality is called "BackPhyre" to indicate how Phyre2 is being used in reverse.
Phyrealarm.
Sometimes Phyre2 can't detect any confident matches to known structures. However, the fold library database increases by about 40-100 new structures each week. So even though there might be no decent templates this week, there may well be in the coming weeks.
Phyrealarm allows users to submit a protein sequence to be automatically scanned against new entries added to the fold library every week. If a confident hit is detected, the user is automatically notified by email together with the results of the Phyre2 search. Users can also control the level of alignment coverage and confidence in the match required to trigger an email alert.
3DLigandSite.
Phyre2 is coupled to the 3DLigandSite server for protein binding site prediction. 3DLigandSite has been one of the top performing servers for binding site prediction at the Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction (CASP) in (CASP8 and CASP9). Confident models produced by Phyre2 (confidence >90%) are automatically submitted to 3DLigandSite.
Transmembrane topology prediction.
The program memsat_svm is used to predict the presence and topology of any transmembrane helices present in the user protein sequence.
Multi-template modelling.
Phyre2 permits users to choose 'Intensive' modelling from the main submission screen. This mode:
Applications and performance.
Applications of Phyre and Phyre2 include protein structure prediction, function prediction, domain prediction, domain boundary prediction, evolutionary classification of proteins, guiding site-directed mutagenesis and solving protein crystal structures by molecular replacement. In the CASP8 blind protein structure prediction experiment, Phyre_de_novo (the predecessor of Phyre2) was ranked 4th out of 71 automatic structure prediction servers. In CASP9, Phyre2 was ranked 5th on all template-based modelling (TBM) targets and 2nd on the more difficult TBM/FM (free modelling) targets out of the 79 participating servers.
History.
Phyre and Phyre2 are the successors to the 3D-PSSM protein structure prediction system which has over 1400 citations to date. 3D-PSSM was designed and developed by Lawrence Kelley and Bob MacCallum in the Biomolecular modelling Lab at the Cancer Research UK. Phyre and Phyre2 were Lawrence Kelley in the Structural bioinformatics group, Imperial College London. Components of the Phyre and Phyre2 systems were developed by Benjamin Jefferys, Alex Herbert, and Riccardo Bennett-Lovsey. Research and development of both servers was supervised by Michael Sternberg.

</doc>
<doc id="31134202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134202" title="WVC Dynamo Kazan">
WVC Dynamo Kazan

Dynamo Kazan () is a Russian female volleyball club based in Kazan. The club was founded in 2002 and plays in the super league, the top Russian league.
History.
In 2011 the club won its first cup and some months later its first league. Home arena, the Kazan Volleyball Centre.
Dinamo Kazan won the 2013–14 CEV Champions League held in Baku, Azerbaijan, defeating 3-0 the home owners Rabita Baku in the semifinals and 3-0 to the Turkish VakıfBank İstanbul in the final. With this triumph the club qualified for the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship.
Team Roster.
"As of March 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="31134210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134210" title="Pöschl">
Pöschl

Pöschl is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134237" title="Ladies Merit Cross">
Ladies Merit Cross

The Ladies Merit Cross ("Frauenverdienstkreuz") was founded on 22 October 1907 by King William II of Prussia as a two-class Ladies Order and to reward women and young women, who worked in the field of charity, or in a religious or social field, who rendered outstanding had personal self-sacrificing service. The award was ranked just behind the Order of Louise. To be awarded the first class, a member must have held the second class for ten years. In exceptional cases, this requirement could be waived. The insignia were returnable upon death.
Description of the award.
The badge is made of gold in the first class and of silver for the second class medallion. In the center is a cross fleury with stylized cornflowers between the arms of the cross. The medallion is framed by a string of pearls and is surmounted by a crown. On the edge of the medallion is the blue enameled inscription FÜR VERDIENSTE (For Merit). On the lower half of the edge are laurel branches flanking the intertwined letters AV (Augusta Victoria). The insignia of the order was worn on a white bow on the left chest.

</doc>
<doc id="31134255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134255" title="Hindsight 20/20 (album)">
Hindsight 20/20 (album)

Hindsight 20/20 is a greatest hits compilation album by the Canadian comedy music group The Arrogant Worms. The album consists of twenty songs spanning the band’s twenty-year career and a dance remix of “The Last Saskatchewan Pirate.”

</doc>
<doc id="31134274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134274" title="Zavera Snowfield">
Zavera Snowfield

Zavera Snowfield (, ‘Lednik Zavera’ \'led-nik za-'ve-ra\) is the glacier extending 18 km in north-south direction and 16 km in east-west direction on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is situated in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau, south of Diplock Glacier, north of Mount Wild and northeast of Kopito Ridge, and draining into Prince Gustav Channel in Weddell Sea.
The glacier is named after the Bulgarian liberation uprising of ‘Velchova Zavera’ in 1835.
Location.
Zavera Snowfield is centred at .

</doc>
<doc id="31134278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134278" title="Monica's Gang (TV series)">
Monica's Gang (TV series)

"Monica's Gang" is a Brazilian series of cartoons based on comic book Monica's Gang by Mauricio de Sousa. The series runs on Cartoon Network and on Saturdays in programming da TV Globo, TV program "Globinho".
It was released 6 DVDs with episodes of the series in Brazil, which is distributed by Paramount and Globo displays the newest episodes of DVD's. But new episodes were released on 5 Movies: Cine Gibi, Cine Gibi 2, Cine Gibi 3, 4 and Cine Cine Gibi Gibi 5. New episodes are posted on the programme's official YouTube channel.[http://youtube.com/user/clipsdaturma]
Mônica Toy.
Monica's Gang Toy is an animated series launched in May 2013 and produced by the studio for Tok & Stok's official YouTube channel to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Monica. The animation done in chibi traces shows the confusion of the characters (Monica, Jimmy Five, Smudge and Maggy) dumb humor in just 30 seconds. It is animated in flash.
Episodes.
Monica's gang cartoon has more than 100 episodes. Each episode is part of each film.
Episodes from "O plano sangrento" (1998).
(*) - This episode is available in English Dub as ""A Cartoon Duel"".
Episodes from "Cine Gibi 2" (2005).
(*) - This episode is available in English Dub as ""The Thirsty Jaguar""
Episodes from 2009.
(*) - This episode is available in English Dub As ""Must Bring Doll"".
(**) - This episode is available in English Dub As ""Playing House"".
(***) - This episode is available in English Dub As ""Time Machine - Part II"".

</doc>
<doc id="31134288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134288" title="Thomas Busby">
Thomas Busby

Thomas Busby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134308" title="Anton Hysén">
Anton Hysén

Glenn Anton Hysén (born December 13, 1990) is an English born, Swedish footballer who plays in the National Premier Soccer League for Myrtle Beach FC. He is a former member of the Swedish national under-17 association football team and was given a trainee contract with BK Häcken from 2007 to 2009, but was hindered by injuries and instead joined Utsiktens BK, for whom he plays in his third season. He was previously a member of Torslanda IK. His older brothers are football players Tobias Hysén (half-brother) and Alexander Hysén. He won the seventh season of "Let's Dance", being the first openly gay person to win this competition.
As of March 2014 he has signed with the fourth division team Myrtle Beach FC.
Personal life.
Anton is the son of former Swedish International Glenn Hysén. He came out as gay to the Swedish football magazine "Offside" in March 2011. "Daily Mail" has described Anton as the "first high-profile Swedish footballer to announce that he is gay" and as the second active professional football player to come out, after English footballer Justin Fashanu in 1990. The BBC called him "a global one-off".
Hysén was profiled on Swedish broadcaster TV4 on March 9, 2011, in a debate show moderated by Lennart Ekdal titled "Can gays play football too?".
As of 2011 he worked part-time as a construction worker.

</doc>
<doc id="31134310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134310" title="BMQ">
BMQ

BMQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134318" title="Dawud Pasha of Baghdad">
Dawud Pasha of Baghdad

Dawūd Pasha (Arabic: ""; Georgian: ; ; died 1851) was the last Mamluk ruler of Iraq, from 1816 to 1831. Iraq at this period was nominally part of the Ottoman Empire but in practice largely autonomous. In 1830, the Ottoman Sultan Mahmud II decreed Dawud Pasha's dismissal, which was enforced the following year by an army under Ali Ridha Pasha, who reimposed direct Ottoman rule on Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31134368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134368" title="Thomas Busby (composer)">
Thomas Busby (composer)

Thomas Busby (1755-1838) was an English musical composer.
Early life.
He was the son of a coach-painter. He was born at Westminster in December 1755.
His father was musical, and sang himself; when his son developed a fine treble voice, he decided to bring him up as a musician. Benjamin Cooke, the organist of Westminster Abbey, turned down young Busby (at age 12-13) as too old for a chorister; he was placed under Samuel Champness for singing, and Charles Knyvett for the harpsichord. Subsequently he studied under Jonathan Battishill.
In the summer of 1769 Busby was engaged to sing at Vauxhall Gardens at a salary of ten guineas a week. On his voice breaking, he was articled to Battishill for three years, and worked on both his musical and his general education. On the expiration of his articles he returned to his father's house, and set himself to earn his living by music and literature.
Early works.
His first venture was the composition of music to a play by William Kenrick, "The Man the Master", but this was never finished. He then turned his attention to oratorio, and began a setting of Alexander Pope's "Messiah", at which he worked intermittently for several years. Busby was more successful with literary pursuits than with musical. He was for some time parliamentary reporter of the "London Courant", and assisted in editing the "Morning Post", besides acting as musical critic to the "European Magazine" and Joseph Johnson's "Analytical Review", and contributing to the "Celtic Miscellany" and "Whitehall Evening Post". In 1785 he wrote a poem called "The Age of Genius", a satire in the style of Charles Churchill, containing nearly 1,000 lines. About five years after the expiration of his articles Busby was elected organist of St Mary, Newington.
Marriage and later years.
In July 1786 he married a Miss Angier, daughter of Charles Angier of Earl's Court, Kensington. After his marriage he lived in Poland Street, where he was sought after as a teacher of Latin, French, and music. A few years later he moved to Battersea. In 1798 he was elected organist of St Mary Woolnoth.
In the spring of 1799, his early oratorio was produced by Wilhelm Cramer under the name of "The Prophecy", perhaps to avoid comparison with Georg Handel's 'Messiah.' Busby then set to work on settings of Thomas Gray's 'Progress of Poesy,' Pope's 'Ode on St. Cecilia's Day,' and a cantata from Ossian, 'Comala;' but it is not clear whether any of these were performed. A secular "oratorio", 'Britannia' (words by John Gretton), was sung at Covent Garden in 1801 with Gertrud Elisabeth Mara as the principal soprano. Busby also wrote music for Richard Cumberland's version of Kotzebue's 'Joanna,' which was produced at Covent Garden 16 January 1800, without much success. 
In June 1801, Busby obtained the degree of Mus. Doc. at Cambridge, for which purpose he entered at Magdalene College. His exercise on this occasion was 'A Thanksgiving Ode on the Naval Victories,' the words of which were written by Mrs. Crespigny. In 1802 he wrote music to Thomas Holcroft's melodrama, 'A Tale of Mystery,' the first play of this type which appeared on the English stage. It was produced at Covent Garden 13 November 1802, and was very successful. In the following year Busby wrote music for Anna Maria Porter's musical entertainment, "The Fair Fugitives" (Covent Garden, 16 May 1803); but this was a failure. His connection with the stage ceased with Matthew Lewis's "Rugantino" (Covent Garden, 18 October 1805). The music to all these plays was published.
Final years.
In his latter years Busby lived with a married daughter at Queen's Row, Pentonville, where he died, aged eighty-four, on Monday, 28 May 1838. According to an obituary notice of him he was eccentric, and held 'loose notions on religious subjects.'
Publications.
In 1786 Busby and Samuel Arnold brought out a "Musical Dictionary". Busby went on to issue a serial entitled "The Divine Harmonist", consisting of twelve folio numbers of music, partly selected and partly original. In this work are included some fragments of his oratorio 'The Creation.' The 'Divine Harmonist' was followed by 'Melodia Britannica,' which was to be a collection of English music, but the work was unsuccessful, and was never completed. About the same time Busby completed a translation of Lucretius into rhymed verse. Around 1800 he brought out 'A New and Complete Musical Dictionary,' and started the first musical periodical in England, 'The Monthly Musical Journal,' of which four numbers were produced. 
His translation of Lucretius was published in 1813, and was followed by an attempt to prove that the Letters of Junius were written by J. L. de Lolme (1816), 'A Grammar of Music' (1818), 'A Dictionary of Musical Terms,' 'A History of Music,' 2 vols. (1819) (a compilation from the "Histories" of Charles Burney and Sir John Hawkins), 'Concert-room Anecdotes,' 3 vols. (1825), and a 'Musical Manual' (1828).

</doc>
<doc id="31134383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134383" title="Steeplechase Films">
Steeplechase Films

Steeplechase Films is a documentary production company founded in 1989 by filmmaker Ric Burns. They produce films focusing on events and people in American history, mainly for the PBS series American Experience. Ric and his company are best known for the eight-part, seventeen and a half hour series, New York: A Documentary Film, which premiered nationally on PBS to wide public and critical acclaim when broadcast in three installments in November 1999, September 2001, and September 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31134392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134392" title="2011 Copa Libertadores Finals">
2011 Copa Libertadores Finals

The 2011 Copa Libertadores de América Finals were the final two-legged tie that decided the winner of the 2011 Copa Libertadores de América, the 52nd edition of the Copa Libertadores de América, South America's premier international club football tournament organized by CONMEBOL. The matches were played on June 15 and 22, 2011 between Brazilian club Santos and Uruguayan club Peñarol. Santos made their 4th finals appearance and 1st since 2003. Peñarol made their 10th finals appearance, and first since 1987. The two teams had previously met in the finals in 1962. Santos won the cup after beating Penarol 2-1 in the second leg of the final.
Background.
The final was contested by Brazilian side Santos and Peñarol of Uruguay, a historic repeat of the 1962 finals disputed by legendary players such as Pelé, Alberto Spencer, Gilmar, Juan Joya, Mauro, José Sasía, Mengálvio, Pedro Rocha, Coutinho, Juan Lezcano, and Pepe, with Lula coaching the "Santistas" and Béla Guttmann directing the "Carboneros". This final is also the first between Brazilian and Uruguayan clubs since the 1983 finals in which Peñarol was dethroned by Grêmio. The venues for the finals is the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo and the Estádio Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho (Pacaembu) of São Paulo. Rodrigo Possebon, an Italian player of Santos, became the first European player to participate in a Copa Libertadores finals.
Both teams entered the competition having won it previously, Santos in 1962 and 1963; Peñarol in 1960, 1961, 1966, 1982 and 1987. To reach the final, in the knockout phase Santos beat América, Once Caldas and lastly Cerro Porteño, while Peñarol dethroned defending champion Internacional, beat Universidad Católica and overcame Vélez Sársfield. Santos entered the competition as champions of their domestic cup (the 2010 Copa do Brasil) while Peñarol participated as domestic league winner (winning the 2009–10 Primera División). 
The winners would earn the right to represent CONMEBOL at the 2011 FIFA Club World Cup, entering at the semifinal stage. They would also play against the winners of the 2011 Copa Sudamericana in the 2012 Recopa Sudamericana.
Rules.
The final is played over two legs; home and away. The higher seeded team plays the second leg at home. The team that accumulates the most points —three for a win, one for a draw, zero for a loss— after the two legs is crowned the champion. Should the two teams be tied on points after the second leg, the team with the best goal difference wins. If the two teams have equal goal difference, the away goals rule is not applied, unlike the rest of the tournament. Extra time is played, which consists of two 15-minute halves. If the tie is still not broken, a penalty shootout ensues according to the Laws of the Game.

</doc>
<doc id="31134395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134395" title="James D. Prentice">
James D. Prentice

Captain James Douglas 'Chummy' Prentice was a Royal Navy and Royal Canadian Navy officer who served with distinction in the Battle of the Atlantic. In addition to being credited with the destruction of four U-boats while at sea, he also played a significant role ashore in training the often inexperienced recruits required by the RCN to fulfill its expanded wartime role.
Although born and raised in British Columbia, he decided to join the Royal Navy in 1912 when his father forbade him from joining the newly formed Royal Canadian Navy. He retired from the RN in 1934 as a Lieutenant Commander when cutbacks during the Great Depression ended his possibility of promotion. He returned to British Columbia after his retirement from the RN and had been ranching for a living when war broke out in 1939.
After an initial period ashore in Sydney, Nova Scotia Prentice was appointed Senior Officer, Canadian Corvettes under Commodore Leonard W. Murray. This position gave him the dual responsibilities of developing tactical doctrine for all RCN corvettes as well as being Captain of , part of the Newfoundland Escort Force. It was in this latter capacity that Prentice scored the RCN's first U-boat kill, shared with . This action would lead to Prentice receiving the DSO.
After his time in corvettes, Prentice was assigned to develop training and doctrine for the new Canadian destroyers that entered into service in 1942. He received command of and was appointed Senior Captain, Canadian Destroyers in 1943. After a time as senior officer of Escort Group C5 in the Mid-Atlantic, Prentice became senior officer of Escort Group 11 for Operation Overlord. On 7 July "Ottawa" collaborated in the sinking of in the English Channel. EG11 transferred to the Bay of Biscay in August, where Prentice and "Ottawa" played a part in the sinkings of on the 18th and on the 20th. For these actions, Prentice was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC) on 28 November and bar a week later.
Prentice finished the war as a full Captain. After a time as Aide-de-Camp to the Governor General of Canada, he retired in 1946. He died in British Columbia in 1979.
See also.
Battle of the Atlantic (1939-1945)<br>Royal Canadian Navy<br>Newfoundland Escort Force<br><br><br>Convoy SC 42<br>Leonard W. Murray

</doc>
<doc id="31134397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134397" title="Bugoye Power Station">
Bugoye Power Station

Bugoye Power Station is a 13 MW mini hydroelectric power station in Uganda. In the literature, Bugoye Power Station is sometimes referred to as Mubuku II Power Station.
Location.
The power station is located across the "Mubuku River", in Bugoye, Kasese District, in Western Uganda. This location lies in the foothills of the Rwenzori Mountains, close to the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Bugoye lies approximately , by road, north of Kasese, the location of the district headquarters, and the nearest large city. The coordinates of the power station are:0°18'20.0"N, 30°05'53.0"E (Latitude:0.305560; Longitude:30.098050).
Overview.
The Bugoye Hydropower Project, is a "run of the river" mini-hydropower installation, with installed capacity of 13 MW. The energy generated is fed into the national electric grid at Nkenda Substation, located from Bugoye, via a 33kV transmission line.
The power station is owned and operated by TronderEnergi, a Norwegian power company. Construction began in March 2008 and the plant was commissioned 19 months later in October 2009. Bugoye Power Station is the third mini-hydropower station on River Mubuku. The other two are Mubuku I Power Station, owned by Kilembe Mines Limited (KML), with installed capacity of 5 MW and Mubuku III Power Station, owned by Kasese Cobalt Company Limited (KCCL), with installed capacity of 10 MW.
Construction costs.
The estimated costs for the dam and power plant is approximately US$35 million. The funding was facilitated by a loan from the Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund, (EAIF). This does not include the construction of a 33kV transmission power line linking the power station to the substation where the power is integrated into the national grid. The power line was funded by a grant from the Government of Norway to the Government of Uganda. By mutual consent between the two governments, Tronder Power Limited, assumed the responsibility of developing, constructing, maintaining and servicing the power line. Tronder Power Limited is a Ugandan company co-owned by TronderEnergi and Norfund.

</doc>
<doc id="31134399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134399" title="Thomas Field">
Thomas Field

Thomas Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134423" title="Vera Ulyakina">
Vera Ulyakina

Vera Alexandrovna Ulyakina (Russian: Ве́ра Алекса́ндровна Уля́кина; born 21 August 1986) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship.
References.
[http://www.sb-community.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=611%3Avera-ulyakina-setter&catid=16&Itemid=57]

</doc>
<doc id="31134434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134434" title="Thomas Field (Jesuit)">
Thomas Field (Jesuit)

Thomas Field (1549, Limerick – 15 April 1625, Asunción), was an Irish Jesuit and explorer.
Life.
Field was a son of William Field, a medical practitioner of Limerick, by his wife Janet Creagh, was born in Limerick in 1546 or 1549. He studied humanities at Paris and Douai, and philosophy at Louvain, where he took the degree of MA. He entered the novitiate of the Society of Jesus in Rome, 6 October 1574, and was made a spiritual coadjutor. Proceeding to Brazil he spent many years with José de Anchieta, the apostle of that country. Thence he was ordered into Paraguay. In 1586 he was captured by English pirates, and put into an open boat, without rudder or oars, in which he drifted to Buenos Aires. He died at Asunción in 1625.

</doc>
<doc id="31134451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134451" title="Jurupa Valley, California">
Jurupa Valley, California

__NOTOC__
Jurupa Valley is a city in Riverside County, California. On March 8, 2011, voters approved a ballot measure, designated as Measure A, to incorporate the area into its own city; as a result, the area has been an incorporated city since July 1, 2011.
The city of Jurupa Valley covers approximately , and has an estimated population of 94,235. It is north and west of the Santa Ana River, south of the Riverside-San Bernardino County line, and east of Interstate 15. It includes the neighborhoods of Mira Loma, Glen Avon, Sky Country, Indian Hills, Pedley, Rubidoux, Belltown, Jurupa, Jurupa Hills, and Sunnyslope. Residents of the area had previously voted on incorporation in 1992; however, voters rejected it as well as a competing ballot measure that would have incorporated Mira Loma.
Demographics.
Jurupa Valley was incorporated after the 2010 United States Census, but it is possible to determine an estimated population by summing up the results from the census-designated places of Glen Avon, Mira Loma, Pedley, Rubidoux and Sunnyslope.
According to the United States Census Bureau the 2012 estimated population was 97,426.
Education.
Jurupa Valley is home to the Jurupa Unified School District. The district operates 16 Elementary Schools, 3 Middle Schools, 3 Continuation Schools, and 3 High Schools, including:

</doc>
<doc id="31134460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134460" title="Fermi (Turin Metro)">
Fermi (Turin Metro)

Fermi is a Turin Metro station, located in the Turin suburb of Collegno. Being the westerly terminus of Line 1, there is an adjacent park and ride lot with more than 300 spaces and connecting bus service from Rivoli.

</doc>
<doc id="31134463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134463" title="Bambuser">
Bambuser

Bambuser is a Swedish company, founded in 2007, providing an interactive live video broadcasting service, for streaming live video from mobile phones and webcams to the internet. Bambuser's main office is situated in Stockholm, Sweden, and has a branch office in Turku, Finland. The Turku office works with technology and development while the Swedish office concentrates on business development and marketing.
The Service.
Bambuser, the service, is an interactive mobile video streaming platform that enables users to effortlessly stream and share live video using a smartphone or a computer equipped with a webcam. In addition to being accessible on the Bambuser website, broadcasts can be shared on various social media websites such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and Blogger.
The Bambuser broadcasting mobile phone application is currently available for iOS, Android, Nokia Maemo, Symbian, Bada and Windows Mobile platforms.
Bambuser is free to use for private persons and representatives of charities. Commercial use is allowed but requires purchase of a premium subscription.
Media Coverage.
In 2010, Finnish broadcasting channel YLE adopted Bambuser as an alternative platform for their online- and news-broadcasts. This allowed YLE to get more live-coverage on their webpage, and allowed the viewers to interact with the reporters on the scene.
In November 2010, Bambuser was one of the finalists in The Europas, the European Startup Awards. 33,126 votes were cast across 23 categories, and eight judges deliberated over the results.
On January 1, 2011, the Swedish Pirate party celebrated its five-year anniversary with a Bambuser live broadcast with party leader Rick Falkvinge and vice party leader Anna Troberg. Live in the video, Falkvinge sent a tweet saying he stepped down as party leader, and he announced that his successor would be Troberg.
Presence in The Middle East.
During the demonstrations in Egypt, Bambuser (along with microblogging site Twitter) was blocked by the government. Shortly thereafter most of the country's internet traffic was restricted. During this blackout, Bambuser set up a special Egypt page on their website, collecting all the streams originating from Egypt and the protests on Tahrir Square. This page later evolved into the North Africa/Middle East page.
During the protests in Bahrain, a similar situation emerged, as government officials blocked access to the Bambuser homepage.
In the Syrian civil war, Bambuser has been used to a great extent by citizen journalists in an effort to document and raise awareness of the events taking place inside the country. On 17 February 2012 Syria was reported to have blocked access to the Bambuser website.
During the Gezi protests in Turkey, citizens started broadcasting the police violence and oppression of the AKP regime with the Bambuser app. As a response, the Prime Ministry banned Bambuser in Turkey illegally, without a court decision. The ban was still ongoing as 4 April 2014.
Partnership with The Associated Press.
Since the partnership was announced in April 2012, users of the Bambuser service have had the option to share their broadcasts with The AP. The partnership enables The AP to use Bambuser as a source for user-generated content coming from citizen journalists. In addition to sharing the actual content, users are required to disclose some form of contact information which enables The AP to verify the authenticity of the broadcast material and properly credit the author.
On June 20, 2013 the partnership between the two companies was extended when The AP announced their purchase of a minority stake in Bambuser.

</doc>
<doc id="31134481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134481" title="Margherita de L'Epine">
Margherita de L'Epine

Margherita de L'Epine (also Francesa Margherita de l'Épine; circa 1680 - 8 August 1746 London) was an Italian soprano of the Baroque era. She was among the most popular and successful of London's female singers in the years just before and after Italian opera became introduced to the city. Today, she is best remembered for her performances in the operas of George Frideric Handel, and her longstanding association with the composer Johann Pepusch, whom it seems she married around 1718.
Early career and work in London.
After performing at Venice between 1698–1700, de L'Epine arrived at London in 1702, as the mistress of Jakob Greber, although rumours of an affair (1703) with Daniel Finch, the Earl of Nottingham, indicate that she did not remain exclusive in her affections for very long. In these early London years she danced as well as sang, performing at Drury Lane from 1704–1708, and then at the Queen's Theatre from 1708-1714. Her repertoire initially consisted of songs and cantatas by such diverse composers as Henry Purcell and Alessandro Scarlatti, but from 1706 she starred in such Italian operas as began to appear on London stages at this time, the most popular being Giovanni Bononcini's "Camilla", in which she replaced Catherine Tofts at the fourth performance, singing the role of the heroine.
In May 1703, she received twenty guineas ‘for one day's singing in ye play called ye Fickle Sheperdesse;’ while her appearance at Lincoln's-Inn-Fields Theatre (where she was to sing ‘four of her most celebrated Italian songs’) on 1 June 1703, though announced to be her last, was followed by another on 8 June, when a song called ‘The Nightingale’ was added to her répertoire.
Her great success induced her to remain in London, and thus she became associated with the establishment of Italian opera in England. She first appeared at Drury Lane Theatre, 29 January 1704, singing some of Greber's music between the acts of the play. Thenceforth she frequently performed not only at that theatre but at the Haymarket and Lincoln's Inn-Fields. She sang before and after the opera ‘Arsinoe,’ in 1705; she similarly took part in Greber's ‘Temple of Love,’ 1706, where, according to Burney, she was the principal singer; in "Thamyris", 1707, an opera partly arranged from Scarlatti and Buononcini, by Dr. Pepusch; "Camilla", where she played Prenesto, 1707; "Pyrrhus and Demetrius", as Marius, 1709; "Almahide", the first opera performed here wholly in Italian, 1710; "Hydaspes", 1710; "Calypso and Telemachus", 1712 (as Calypso); Handel's "Pastor Fido" (as Antiocchus, the music demanding much executive power), and "Rinaldo", 1712; "Teseo", 1713; and the pasticcios "Ernelinda" and "Dorinda", 1713. Her services were often engaged for the English operas at Lincoln's Inn-Fields, until 1718, when she married Dr. Pepusch and retired from the stage.
According to Downes, Margherita brought her husband at least 10,000 guineas. These ‘costly canary birds,’ as Cibber called the Italians, increased their income (8l. a week was a singer's salary) by performances at private houses and other special engagements. Margherita's singing must have possessed great merit and cleverness, and was said to be superior to anything heard in England at the time. She had been joined in 1703 by her sister Maria Gallia, who, however, did not become equally popular, and her only important rival was Mrs. Tofts, an established favourite at Drury Lane.
On the second appearance of ‘the Italian gentlewoman’ upon these boards, early in 1704, a disturbance arose in the theatre. Mrs. Tofts's servant was implicated, and Mrs. Tofts felt it incumbent upon her to write to the manager to deny having had any share in the incident. The jealousy between the two singers, whether real or imagined, now became the talk of the town and the theme of the poetasters. The fashionable world was divided into Italian and English parties. Hughes wrote:—
Music hath learn'd the discords of the state,<br>
And concerts jar with whig and tory hate.<br>
Here Somerset and Devonshire attend<br>
The British Tofts, and ev'ry note commend;<br>
To native merit just, and pleas'd to see<br>
We 'ave Roman arts, from Roman bondage free.<br>
There fam'd L'Épine does equal skill employ<br>
While list'ning peers crowd to th' estatic joy;<br>
Bedford to hear her song his dice forsakes;<br>
And Nottingham is raptured when she shakes;<br>
Lull'd statesmen melt away their drowsy cares<br>
Of England's safety, in Italian airs.
Rowe, and others, wrote less pleasantly of ‘Greber's Peg’ or ‘The Tawny Tuscan,’ and her conquests. Posterity has, notwithstanding, judged her character to be one of guileless good nature. The patience with which she endured the name ‘Hecate,’ bestowed upon her in consideration of her ugliness by her husband, has been recorded by Burney.
Dr. and Mrs. Pepusch lived for some time at Boswell Court, Carey Street, where a singing parrot adorned the window. In 1730 they moved to a house in Fetter Lane. Margherita, advancing in years, ‘retained her hand on the harpsichord, and was in truth a fine performer,’ so much so that amateurs would assemble to hear her play Dr. Bull's difficult lessons out of ‘Queen Elizabeth's Virginal Book.’ It appears from a manuscript diary of S. Cooke, a pupil of Dr. Pepusch, that Mrs. Pepusch fell ill on 19 July 1746, and that on 10 August following, ‘in the afternoon, he went to Vauxhall with the doctor, Madame Pepusch being dead.’ She had been ‘extremely sick’ the day before.
A replica in oils of Sebastian Ricci's picture ‘A Rehearsal at the Opera,’ containing a portrait of Margherita, is in the possession of Messrs. John Broadwood & Sons, the pianoforte-makers. In this group of musicians ‘Margaritta in black with a muff’ (as the title runs) is short, dark-complexioned, but not ill-favoured. The original painting is at Castle Howard, the seat of the Earl of Carlisle in Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31134484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134484" title="Barcelona Esporte Clube">
Barcelona Esporte Clube

Barcelona Esporte Clube, commonly known as Barcelona, is a Brazilian football club based in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro state.
History.
The club was founded on December 5, 1999, the club being named after Fútbol Club Barcelona of Spain. They competed in their first professional competition in 2000, in the Campeonato Carioca Fourth Level, finishing in the seventh place, and then they competed in the Campeonato Carioca Second Level in 2001.
Stadium.
Barcelona Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Barcelona Esporte Clube. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31134514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134514" title="Leonora Sparkes">
Leonora Sparkes

Leonora Sparkes (1883-?) was the British mezzo-soprano for the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in the 1910s.
Biography.
She was born in 1883 in England. Dippel heard her sing at Covent Garden and after a private concert offered her a contract at the Metropolitan Opera in 1908.
She appeared in the American premiere of "Boris Godunov" at the Metropolitan Opera as Tsarevna Xenia Borisovna of Russia on March 19, 1913 with Arturo Toscanini conducting.
She sang with Enrico Caruso three times, including in the MET's production of Aida in 1913. Her career was primarily spent in London and New York, but she also sang in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="31134516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134516" title="Petkov Nunatak">
Petkov Nunatak

Petkov Nunatak (, ‘Petkov Nunatak’ \pet-'kov 'nu-na-tak\) is the rocky hill rising to 800 m in the west part of Zavera Snowfield, in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica
The nunatak is named after Nikola Petkov (b. 1951), geologist at St. Kliment Ohridski base in 1995/96 and subsequent seasons, and program organizer of the Bulgarian Antarctic Institute.
Location.
Petkov Nunatak is located at , which is 6.9 km southwest of Rayko Nunatak, 15.32 km north-northwest of Mount Wild, 2.73 km north of Huma Nunatak and 7.11 km east by north of Lobosh Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="31134523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134523" title="Tricoastal records">
Tricoastal records

Tricoastal Records is an American record label, founded in 1986 by Jacomo Versani The label's focus has been developing and branding artists by capitalizing on the Internet, as well as unique marketing tactics that reach into the areas of
Tri Coastal records is an American label founded in 1986 by Jacomo Versani with such hit artist as Norma Lewis "Surprise me Tonight" which was a big hit in the dance club scene, Paul Lekakis "See Me Feel", Jacomo "Let Yourself Go".

</doc>
<doc id="31134528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134528" title="Newcomb Art Gallery">
Newcomb Art Gallery

Newcomb Art Gallery is an art museum located in the Woldenberg Art Center on the campus of Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. It is known for its significant collection of Newcomb Pottery and other crafts produced at Newcomb College, as well as administering the art collections of the university.
History.
In 1886, H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College was founded by Josephine Louise Newcomb in memory of her daughter Sophie for the education of women at Tulane. The College was the first coordinate College for women in the United States.
The endowment was established by Mrs. Newcomb to provide, perpetuate, and protect the women’s college indefinitely. In the 1970s, Tulane sought to use this endowment for the purpose of the entire university during a time of economic hardship. Later, in the 1980s an effort was initiated to close the college and incorporate it into Tulane University. At the time of the Newcomb Centennial Celebration in 1986, concerned graduates of Newcomb College met as an "ad hoc" committee to re-establish the intended purpose of the original endowment and to reaffirm the integrity of Newcomb College and sustain its outstanding educational programs. The Tulane board of trustees ultimately affirmed the status of H.Sophie Newcomb Memorial College and established a Board to administer the Newcomb Endowment.
Early in this process, Mignon Faget, a New Orleans jewelry artist and a member of the committee, suggested establishing a Newcomb Art Gallery to maintain the strong legacy of Newcomb's art program and to ensure the permanence of Newcomb College. In the early 1990s, a grant funded by Joyce Frank Menschel, another Newcomb alumna, ultimately led to the establishment of the Newcomb Art Gallery.
The Gallery then became a part of other educational units of Newcomb College, including the Art Department, The Music Department, the Dance Program, and the Liberal Arts Department.
In 1996, the Newcomb Art Department completed an expansion and renovation that included the addition of the Newcomb Art Gallery, a exhibition space dedicated to presenting contemporary and historic exhibits to the Tulane and New Orleans communities.
Although the Gallery's administrative offices were flooded with four feet of water by Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the art holdings were relatively undamaged. After Katrina, Tulane closed Newcomb College and diverted the school's endowment to other uses. The Newcomb Art Gallery remains as a legacy of the historic presence of the former Newcomb College.
Mission.
The founding faculty members intended that the exhibition gallery should be an integral component of the College’s educational mission, but it was also to serve the community by focusing national and international attention on Newcomb College, New Orleans, and Louisiana. The Gallery aims to present high quality exhibitions that enhance the University’s curriculum, link the city and the University through a common interest in the arts, and bring intellectually stimulating cultural opportunities to the community that other governmental and academic institutions are unable to provide. As a unit of an academic institution, the Gallery is able to present interdisciplinary exhibitions that are challenging, innovative, and socially relevant. The Gallery is intended to be smaller than the typical city museum, broader in scope than a contemporary art center, and more international in reach than most commercial galleries.
Exhibitions.
The Gallery holds on average three to five exhibitions annually. The exhibitions include educational programs such as through school programs, lectures, symposia, artist-led family programs, public tours, performances, studio demonstrations, and partnerships with other organizations. Thematic exhibitions from other cultures, such as those from Africa, Asia, and Central America, alternate with more contemporary shows. The Gallery has also presented exhibitions dedicated to well-known artists such as David Smith, Marsden Hartley, and Ellsworth Kelly, as well as artists with a Newcomb connection like Mark Rothko, Ida Kohlmeyer, and current faculty member Gene Koss. Honoring the legacy of the artistic traditions of Newcomb College, the Gallery regularly presents work by women artists. In 2003 the Newcomb Art Gallery commissioned a new work by artist Carrie Mae Weems that became known as her "Louisiana Project".
Collections.
The Gallery maintains the Newcomb Art Collection, which includes outstanding groups of Newcomb pottery, first produced in 1895, and other objects associated with the Arts & Crafts Movement including embroidery, bound books, and metalwork. The first national coordinate college for women, Newcomb followed industrial trends offering intensive design training for decorative arts production. The Newcomb College Art Department is best known for its distinctive ceramic wares, and the Gallery houses more than 600 fine examples including important pieces made by Sadie Irvine, Harriet Joor, and Marie de Hoa LeBlanc. It also has a significant collection of drawings, watercolors, paintings, and prints by Newcomb-affiliated teachers, artists, and designers. Occasionally, objects are purchased for the collection, but most acquisitions are the result of gifts and bequests. In addition, the Gallery administers the Tulane University Art Collection (TUAC), a teaching collection that includes examples of Louisiana portraiture, neo-classical sculpture, and prints primarily from the 19th and 20th centuries. 

</doc>
<doc id="31134557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134557" title="Isle of Man Airport Police">
Isle of Man Airport Police

Isle of Man Airport Police is a small police force responsible for policing the Isle of Man Airport in Ronaldsway, Isle of Man. Three officers are on duty during opening hours, and cover is provided 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Officers are known as "Aviation Security Officers", and have the same authority and powers as a regular police officer whilst on airport property. They are also authorised to act on behalf of the Coroner at the Airport when required.

</doc>
<doc id="31134559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134559" title="Stephen Stolowski">
Stephen Stolowski

Stephen S. Stolowski (born August 17, 1893) was a printer from Milwaukee who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly for the 14th Milwaukee County district (14th and 24th wards of the City of Milwaukee).
Background.
Stolowski was born in Milwaukee on August 17, 1893. He was educated in the parochial and public schools and also studied economics in the night school of the University of Wisconsin-Extension Division. He became a printer by trade.
Assembly service.
Stolowski had never held any public office until elected to the Assembly in 1920 to succeed Socialist incumbent John Masiakowski (who did not run for re-election). He received 2,800 votes to 2,169 for Republican Klemens Boruki and 1,208 for Democrat Alex Gramza. He was assigned to the standing committee on state affairs.
The Assembly was redistricted in 1920, and his wards were split between the new 8th and 11th Milwaukee County districts respectively. Stolowski did not run for re-election in 1922; both districts elected Socialists (John Polakowski (legislator) and Olaf C. Olsen).

</doc>
<doc id="31134561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134561" title="Charley's Aunt (1930 film)">
Charley's Aunt (1930 film)

"Charley's Aunt" is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Al Christie and starring Charles Ruggles, June Collyer and Hugh Williams. It was an adaptation of the play "Charlie's Aunt" by Brandon Thomas. It marked the film debut of Williams, who then returned to Britain and became a major star. 

</doc>
<doc id="31134571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134571" title="Minister for Kosovo and Metohija">
Minister for Kosovo and Metohija

The Minister for Kosovo and Metohija () is the person in charge of the Serbian government's Ministry for Kosovo and Metohija. The position is currently vacant, because the Ministry was abolished on 27 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31134575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134575" title="2011 in Russia">
2011 in Russia

Events in the year 2011 in Russia.
Events.
Popular culture.
Sports

</doc>
<doc id="31134602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134602" title="Richard Northalis">
Richard Northalis

Richard Northalis (died 20 July 1397) was an Irish cleric and jurist who held the offices of Bishop of Ossory, Archbishop of Dublin and Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
He was born in England, probably in Middlesex; he may have been the son of John Northale, Sheriff of London. He was a member of the Carmelite order. He was Bishop of Ossory from 1386 to 1396. He was apparently a diplomat and statesman of repute: he was envoy to the Holy See in 1388 and was acting as adviser to King Richard II in 1391. He was Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1393 to 1397. He became Archbishop of Dublin in 1396 but died only a year later and was buried in St. Patrick's Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="31134610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134610" title="Soldiers', Sailors', Marines', Coast Guard and Airmen's Club">
Soldiers', Sailors', Marines', Coast Guard and Airmen's Club

The Soldiers’, Sailors’, Marines’, Coast Guard and Airmen’s Club is a private social club founded in 1919 and located at 283 Lexington Avenue between East 36th and 37th Streets in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It is the only private organization in the New York area accommodating U.S. servicemen and servicewomen at subsidized rates. It also caters to military retirees and veterans and their families.
Mission.
According to the club, its mission is:
“To promote the general welfare of men and women of the Armed Forces of the United States and its Allies, and their families, by maintaining and offering club and lodging rooms”
History.
In 1919, Cornelia Barnes Rogers and Eleanor Butler Alexander-Roosevelt, wife of Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., along with General John J. Pershing, founded The Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Club to accommodate servicemen returning from overseas duty in World War I. The Club originally served only active duty enlisted male soldiers and sailors, but it now serves all ranks (officers and enlisted) and services, active and retired, of the United States and its allies. With no U.S. government funding, supported solely by guest proceeds and the donations of private citizens, it has accommodated over 2,500,000 men and women of the US military and their families. 
Currently, about 15,000 such personnel patronize the facility annually. In recent years the SSMAC Club has tended to incur an annual deficit of around $350,000.
Facility.
Since the early 1920s, the SSMAC Club has occupied two adjacent 19th century townhouses on Lexington Avenue between 36th and 37th Streets. These were built in the 1880s as homes for the upper middle class of that period. It is a 79-bed facility that includes a library with two Internet stations, several large event rooms, a television room and a dining room.

</doc>
<doc id="31134614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134614" title="Rockford Central High School">
Rockford Central High School

Rockford High School (est. 1885) is a defunct school in the city of Rockford, Illinois. Rockford, the second largest city in the Land of Lincoln, established a central location for all students to attend high school in 1885. This building would be continuously used as an educational facility until September 1940.
History.
Prior to providing a central location for education, students attended two separate school districts, one being located on the East side of the Rock River, the other on the West side. These school districts were established in 1854, and opened buildings in 1857. By 1862, each district established a high school, creating an East-vs-West issue that would continue on for 20 years, finally uniting in 1884.
In 1884, the two districts came together and established a single high school located at 201 South Madison Street. The first commencement included twenty graduates in 1885. About 100 total students were enrolled in Rockford High School during its inaugural year. That number grew to 600 by 1900 and by the year 1940, that number would multiply to nearly 3,600 students.
By 1935, the attendance at the single high school grew too large. The board of education decided it would be best to, once again, establish two new high schools on the East and West sides of the Rock River. In September 1940, Rockford East and Rockford West High Schools opened. Rockford West, located on North Rockton Avenue on the Northwest side of the city, remained open for 48 years as a high school. It now serves as West Middle School for the Rockford Public School System. Rockford East, located on Charles Street, is still a functioning high school and maintains the traditions of Rockford High School.
Interesting facts.
Rockford High School was built as two separate buildings attached by an underground hallway. This hallway became known as "Rat Alley". It contained rows of wooden lockers and was only accessible by walking through the “haunted area” also known as the shop.
It was the first high school in the United States to organize a band that played at the halftime of a football game, now known as a marching band.
The "Annual", or yearbook as it is called now, was entitled "The Owl". It was founded in 1890 and has been published continually since 1892. Rockford was the second high school in the country to establish a yearbook.
Rockford’s baseball diamonds were used by the Rockford Peaches girls professional baseball team starting in 1940.
Girls basketball preceded the boys program. The first girl’s basketball team was formed in 1901. The 1903 squad gained the school a championship by defeating a Polo squad that had previously been undefeated followed by a victory over Freeport in the championship of "Northern Illinois outside of Cook County" with a final score of 10–6.
The building was home to Rockford Public School District’s central offices and board of education until February 2012.
The school’s colors were red and black with a nickname based on those colors: the ‘’’RAB’s’’’ for Red And Blacks. Rockford East continues to use the nickname, adding an E to the front, creating the word “E-Rabs”.
The school song:
""Let us voice our loy-al-ty, in a stir-ring, ring-ing cheer."
"For the team that fights so splen-did-ly."
"For the colors we re-vere - Hoorah! Rah!"
"Go Rockford go! Right at the foe! Go, Rockford go!"
"Hoorah! Rah! So go Rockford go! "
"We're cheering you nearing the goal line, Rockford go!"
"Plunging, advancing, the ball never yield"
"Victory we must know (Rah! Rah! Rah!)" " 
Athletics.
Rockford was considered a very large school for the IHSA and because of their size, they had a tremendous amount of athletic success. The RABS overall won eight state championships, including three in boys basketball (1911, 1919, 1939), four in track and field (1896, 1927, 1933, 1935), as well as a swimming championship in 1933. Rockford became the first school to win three IHSA championships in Basketball.
Boys basketball.
Based on the IHSA Website (www.ihsa.org), Rockford saw more success from 1910 to 1940 than any other school in the state. During that 30 year span, the RABS not only won three championships, they qualified for the state tournament 12 times..
The IHSA began hosting a state-wide championship for basketball in 1908. Rockford chose not to participate in the inaugural IHSA State Tournament because they were already considered "Champions of the State" and did not want to defend their title in this new tournament. More of what can be expanded on this topic is mentioned in a chapter of the book "100 Years of March Madness" by Scott Johnson, among others.
Football.
Rockford first fielded a football team in 1893. During the history of the school, 405 football games were played with the RABS winning 262 of them.
Boys track & field.
Besides basketball, Rockford’s track and field team excelled above all others. The RABS won four of the school's eight state championships in the arena of track and field. Between 1895 and 1940, Rockford placed in the top 10 of competing schools 11 times, all with the same head coach, Charles E. Beyer.
Future in question.
The Rockford Board of Education voted Tuesday, August 24, 2011, to purchase the former Amcore financial headquarters building at 501 7th Street, Rockford, Illinois, at a cost of $1.825 million. This decision was because the board would have spent $1.7 million on the state-mandated repairs required with the current building. The previous owner of the building was the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
As of February 2014, the district determined it is spending about $3,000 a month to maintain the building. The city of Rockford is looking to build a $21 million indoor sports facility adjacent to the former high school/administration building and would like to put a 115-spot parking lot in its place. Members of the Rockford School Board Operations Committee voted in favor of the idea and, according to the agreement with the city, the school district would demolish the old building by August. In turn, the city would give the district goods and services in the same amount minus $180,000, estimated five-year maintenance expenses at the building. The estimated cost to tear down the building and perform any necessary environmental clean up is $725,000. The goods and services the city promises in the agreement range from road salt, trees, sidewalks for elementary schools and the vacating of an alley near East High School to help make room for a new fieldhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="31134621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134621" title="Gregor von Feinaigle">
Gregor von Feinaigle

Gregor von Feinaigle (1760–1819), was a German mnemonist and Roman Catholic monk.
Life.
Feinaigle was born in Ueberlingen (Margraviate of Baden) on 22. August 1760.
Very little other is known of his early life except that he entered the Cistercian monastery at Salem located along Lake Constance. Obligated to flee the monastery with the other monks due to the Napoleonic invasions, he became an itinerant professor in Karlsruhe, Paris, London, Glasgow and Dublin.
Feinaigle visited Paris in 1806, and delivered public lectures on local and symbolical memory, which he described as a ‘new system of mnemonics and methodics.’ He was accompanied by a young man who acted as interpreter. Count Metternich, the Austrian ambassador, and his secretaries followed the whole course of lectures, and spoke in highly laudatory terms of the system, which, though novel in its applications, was founded on the topical memory of the ancients, as described by Cicero and Quinctilian. Feinaigle was exposed to much criticism and sarcasm in the press, and was ridiculed on the stage by Dieulafoy in a farce called ‘Les filles de mémoire, ou le Mnémoniste.’ By way of reply he gave on 27 February 1807 a public exhibition to an audience of about two thousand persons. He did not himself appear, but was represented by twelve or fifteen of his pupils, who gave illustrations of his art. Afterwards he went on a lecturing tour through various parts of France.
Early in 1811, he came to England and delivered lectures at the Royal Institution and the Surrey Institution in London; and at Liverpool, Edinburgh, and Glasgow. The fee for attending a course of fifteen or sixteen of his lectures was 5l. 5s., and this sum was paid by crowds of pupils, for Feinaigle made a mystery of the details of his method, and was in consequence denounced in some quarters as an impostor. He gained, however, many devoted adherents. The Rev. Peter Baines, afterwards bishop of Siga, introduced his system of mnemonics and also his general plan of education into the Benedictine college of Ampleforth, Yorkshire, and a society of gentlemen founded a school near Mountjoy Square, Dublin, which was placed under Feinaigle's personal superintendence and conducted on his principles. He died in Dublin on 27 December 1819.
Works.
The major exposition of his system is in "The New Art of Memory" (1812). John Millard, assistant librarian to the Surrey Institution, was the editor of this work, according to Thomas Hartwell Horne, who was Millard's brother-in-law, and who helped him with notes of Feinaigle's lectures. Other treatises on the system were:

</doc>
<doc id="31134628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134628" title="Novotel Orisha Cotonou">
Novotel Orisha Cotonou

Novotel Orisha Cotonou is a hotel in Cotonou, Benin, operated by Novotel. It is located at Boulevard De La Marina by the old port, to the west of the main centre, near the Cuban Embassy. One of Benin's best hotels, it has over 100 rooms and 6 suites.Lonely Planet describes the driveway to the hotel as being more grandiose than the hotel itself. 

</doc>
<doc id="31134636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134636" title="Factory Shop">
Factory Shop

Factory Shop may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134658" title="William MacKendree">
William MacKendree

William MacKendree is an American artist. He was born in Augusta, Georgia in 1948. He studied Philosophy and Visual Arts at Georgia State University in Atlanta. Following the completion of his university degrees, he left the U.S. to live and work in Greece between 1975 and 1982.
Biography.
His time in Greece was shared between Thessaloniki and the island of Paros. There were many trips of discovery throughout Greece and the Balkan Peninsula, as well as Turkey, North Africa, and the Mediterranean world. The encounters with Archaic Greek sculpture and Minoan Painting left deep impressions, above all for their provocative simplicity and essence of line. The potential for the figurative within the context of the dominant minimalist visual culture of contemporary art may well have germinated from the initial visual shocks of this imagery. Here was an art that embodied both graphic dynamism and the impulse to vital forms and themes. His six years in Greece provided a relatively isolated cocoon for research and experimental trial-and-error ; moving steadily closer to a way to flesh out his first personal, near-archaic, works.
It was soon after his arrival in Paris that he made the group of paintings that constituted his first gallery exhibition, in 1984. In the aftermath there appeared articles on these works in art magazines such as ‘Eighty’, Opus International, Flash Art, and Art in America. He was invited to participate in the international survey of contemporary art ‘Anniottanta’ at the Museum of Modern art of Bologna in 1985. That same year, he received the Prix de Peinture at the Salon International d’Art Contemporain in Montrouge, and his work was acquired by the Musée Nationale d’Art Moderne et Contemporaine, the Centre Pompidou, in Paris.
Exhibitions in Vienna, Innsbruck, and Rome were held in 1986, and he also began a long-running collaboration with Michael Woolworth publications, creating numerous prints and artist’s books in the intervening years. Other collaborations and commissions have subsequently become an integral facet of his visual production. Mural projects were realized for the Reims Urban Transport headquarters (1998), for the City of Paris (2000), La Grande Arche de la Défense (1991), as well as for private companies in France.
The Centre Regional d’Art Contemporain of Toulouse presented the first large institutional survey of his work in 1990. Since then there have followed regular intervals of exhibitions in galleries throughout Europe.
Exhibitions.
Solo Exhibitions
2012
Galerie Vidal-Saint Phalle, Paris
Galerie Storrer, Zurich
Galerie La Navire, Brest
2011
Galerie Placido, Paris
2009
Galerie La Navire, Brest
2007
Galerie Erich Storrer, Zurich
2005
Galerie La Navire, Brest
Le Quartz, Brest
2004
Galerie Vidal-St.Phalle, Paris
Galerie La Navire, Brest
2002
Art Koln, Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris
2001
Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris
2000
Galerie Nanky De Vreeze, Amsterdam
F.I.A.C., Michael Woolworth Publications
Group Exhibitions.
2012
'Ressources Humaines', Les Abattoirs, Musée d'Art Contemporain, Toulouse
'Louyétu', Maison des Arts, Centre d'Art Contemporain, Carjac
2011
‘Drawing Now’, Salon du Dessin Contemporain ; Carrousel du Louvre, Paris
Galeries Vidal-St. Phalle, La Navire, Placido
‘Woolworth Publications’, Nomad Gallery, Brussels
2010
‘Vingt Ans Apres’, Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris 
‘Art en Edition’, l’Espace Topographie de l’Art, Paris
2009
‘Que du Papier’, Galerie Placido, Paris
2007
‘Sweet Powder’, Aître Saint Maclou, Ecole Regionale des Beaux Arts, Rouen
2006
‘Quinze Ans, Quinze Artistes’, Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris
2005
‘Print it, Damn it’, Museo del Grabado, Fuendetodos
2003
‘Jazz’, Université de Brest, Brest
2001
’10 Ans Aprês’, Galerie Vidal-St.-Phalle, Paris
1999
‘Jeux de Genres’, Espace Electra, Paris
Public commissions.
2006–2008
Mural Installations, Verlingue Courtiers en Assurance, Quimper
2000 
Wall Mural, City of Paris, rue des Dames
1998
Mural Installation, Transport Urbain de Reims Headquarters
References.
Publications
'William MacKendree/Vinyl Vocabulary', published by Hirmer Verlag, Munich, 2012; texts by Alain Mousseigne, Laurie Hurwitz, 156 pages, 100 color reproductions

</doc>
<doc id="31134666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134666" title="Tatiana Kosheleva">
Tatiana Kosheleva

Tatiana Sergeevna Kosheleva (; born 23 December 1988) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship and the 2013 European Championship.
Career.
Kosheleva won the gold medal of the 2013 European Championship, winning the Most Valuable Player award of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="31134678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134678" title="White Face">
White Face

White Face (aka "Edgar Wallace's White Face the Fiend") is a 1932 British crime film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Hugh Williams, Gordon Harker and Renee Gadd. The film is based on a play by Edgar Wallace. 
Plot.
A doctor becomes a blackmailer and a jewel thief in order to raise funds for a hospital in East London but is uncovered by an ambitious reporter. 
Preservation status.
The film is now considered a lost film, but the screenplay still exists. While working on this film, an affair between Hugh Williams and Renee Gadd began.

</doc>
<doc id="31134705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134705" title="Dynamo Kazan">
Dynamo Kazan

Dynamo Kazan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134707" title="U-form">
U-form

In computer science, a U-form is an abstract data type comprising a collection of attribute-value pairs associated with a universally-unique identifier (UUID). A U-form essentially comprises an associative array augmented with a UUID and with keys limited to strings.
The UUID that is associated with a u-form is immutable, however all data "contained" in the u-form are mutable (including the keys/names).
The mutability of contained data combined with an immutable identifier make implementations of fully mutable, replicable digital objects possible.
This has applications in distributed computing, non-relational database systems, information visualization, and knowledge representation systems.
Navigational databases, Entity and associative entity relationships can be implemented by using a UUID, or multiple UUIDs, as attribute values.
The u-form's design goals center around supporting an open, extensible distributed information space, emphasizing the unambiguous identity of data objects and the separation between data storage, data characterization, and schema development. 
The use of non-semantic UUIDs combined with a simple attribute-value model draws a clear distinction between identity and data.
Although u-forms share certain design characteristics with serialization formats such as XML, they should not be confused with such representational formats. Since u-forms are abstract, they do not specify any particular representational format. Indeed they may be stored as or communicated via XML or other types of serialization.
Operations.
The operations defined for a u-form are similar to associative arrays:
Properties.
U-forms have the following properties:
Note that these are not limited to the standards for ISO, Microsoft, or DCE UUIDs though those are examples of acceptable sources of UUIDs.
Copying vs Replication.
An important characteristic of u-forms, of significance to distributed database systems, is that they support a clear distinction between copying and replication of data objects. Copying a u-form involves the creation of a new u-form (i.e., one with a different UUID), but with all attribute-value pairs identical to those of the original u-form. Replicating a u-form involves creating a new instance of the u-form with the same UUID as the original. Note that in a distributed system, two instances of the same u-form may be inconsistent (i.e., they may contain different attribute-value pairs). However, the fact that they have the same UUID means that they are intended to eventually be identical.
History.
U-forms were developed at MAYA Design as part of the Visage Information Visualization System, a joint project of MAYA and Carnegie Mellon University funded by DARPA and The Army Research Laboratory. The name "u-form" derives from the term "e-form", a hypothetical "electronic form" proposed by Michael Dertouzos in his 1997 book "What Will Be". In addition to their continuing use in Visage, they have been used as the basis of a number of significant research

</doc>
<doc id="31134784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134784" title="William Fitz Thomas">
William Fitz Thomas

William Fitz Thomas ( died after 1438 ) was Prior of the Hospitallers at KIlmainham from about 1420 to 1438. He also served twice as Lord Chancellor of Ireland; there is some confusion as to the dates of his terms of office, but he finally stepped down in 1426.

</doc>
<doc id="31134785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134785" title="Eas Mòr">
Eas Mòr

Eas Mòr (Gaelic for "big waterfall") is the name of a number of waterfalls in Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="31134788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134788" title="Barbara Staff">
Barbara Staff

Barbara Ruth Wright Staff (born August 26, 1924) is a retired Republican political activist from Plano, Texas. She was co-chairman of her state's 1976 Ronald Reagan presidential primary campaign.
Background.
Staff was born in Cleburne in Johnson County, a suburb of Fort Worth, to Robert Floyd Wright and the former Hazel Bishop. She graduated from the former Crozier Technical High School, earlier known as Dallas Technical High School in Dallas, and studied at the University of North Texas in Denton and finally received her Bachelor of Arts from Southern Methodist University in University Park in Dallas County. She and her husband, businessman William Stewart Staff (1919–1995), native of Washington and formerly of Illinois, had two daughters, Susan S. Causey (born c. 1952, wife of Paul Franklin Causey) of Grapevine, Texas, and Barbara Ellen Kimberly (1945–1990) of Bastrop, Texas, the wife of a Baptist pastor.
In 1970, Staff took a political science course at the University of North Texas and became "furious ... with my radical liberal professor. I didn't think things were as bad as he was touting them to be." Thereafter, Staff became heavily involved in conservative politics and Republican women's activities. She worked in the campaigns of U.S. Representative James M. Collins of Dallas, whose political career ended in 1982, when he lost a bid for the U.S. Senate to Democrat Lloyd M. Bentsen. She also served as a volunteer in Collins' office, which she described as "quite a training ground. After you've worked in that office, you're equipped to do anything."
Working to nominate Reagan.
Staff was the president of a group called the Council of Republican Women's Clubs of Dallas County, from which position she launched a successful membership program known as "I Believe." In December 1975, Staff, Angelo, and Barnhart attended the two-day Southern Republican Conference in Austin, hosted by state party chairman Ray Hutchison of Dallas. Sitting U.S. President Gerald R. Ford, Jr., himself absent from the gathering, was represented by his first campaign manager, former U.S. Representative Howard "Bo" Callaway, Vice President Nelson A. Rockefeller, U.S. Senator John G. Tower of Texas, and two Cabinet secretaries Earl Butz and William E. Simon. Also present at the conference was the uncommitted John B. Connally, Jr., the former Democratic governor of Texas who switched parties in 1973. Connally had been expected to enter the 1976 race as a dark horse contender, but he did not run until 1980, when he was compelled to withdraw after losing the South Carolina primary.
Staff accused President Ford of having "deviated from the conservative mold and had surrounded himself with liberal advisors." Staff said that "Ford has deviated more and more from Republican party principles while Reagan stands up for those principles. ... I don't know if it's as much Ford's fault as it is the advisors he has surrounded himself with."
In 1976, Staff was named the co-chairman of the Reagan primary campaign for the North Texas region, as the former governor of California challenged President Ford, the favorite of establishment Republicans, including Senator Tower. The two other co-chairmen were Ernest Angelo, an oilman and then the mayor of Midland, who successfully organized West Texas, and Ray Barnhart, a former member of the Texas House of Representatives from Pasadena in the Greater Houston area, who handled the southern portion of the state. Barnhart later was director of the Federal Highway Administration in the Reagan presidential administration. Ultimately, Reagan won all of the ninety-six delegates at stake in the primary held on May 1, 1976, and four other at-large delegates at the state convention. Reagan also gained the support of state Senator Betty Andujar, a Republican from Fort Worth. The Reaganites gathered ten times the number of signatures needed to put the Reagan delegate choices on the primary ballot.
Staff and John N. Leedom, a businessman and later a Republican member of the Texas State Senate from Dallas and Rockwall counties, headed the Reagan delegate candidates in U.S. House District 3, represented by James Collins. One of the four Ford delegate choices in District 3 was future U.S. Representatived and the mayor of Dallas, Steve Bartlett. Leedom led the race with 41,911 votes; Staff followed with 39,030 ballots, and Bartlett trailed with 21,580. Staff recalls the 1976 primary race as a battle between the "establishment" Ford forces and the grassroots insurgents, whom she calls "the volunteers," mostly women. At the time Staff was a member of the large First Baptist Church in downtown Dallas, whose pastor was the nationally known W.A. Criswell. Staff spoke before various groups with the Reagan message. Years later, she recalled the Reagan volunteers as the most dedicated that she had ever encountered in the political arena.
1976 convention highlights.
Staff was a delegate to the national convention in Kansas City, Missouri, having given up a trip to Jamaica with her husband's business. Ford secured a close nomination vote over Reagan, who then returned in 1980 to capture the presidency by defeating Jimmy Carter, the man who had beaten Ford in the 1976 general election.
Staff recalls that Ford delegates were openly hostile to the Reaganites and even pelted them with toilet paper. Staff said that the behavior of the Ford delegates made it difficult for her to support the Ford-Dole ticket, which lost a close race to Jimmy Carter of Georgia and Walter F. Mondale of Minnesota, the last Democratic presidential ticket to win the electoral votes of Texas. "You may just see a big apathetic heartbreak take over. I would say at this point most people here are not going to work for Ford. I don't know what we are going to do to heal the wounds."
Ray Barnhart criticized First Lady Betty Ford for having "danced a jig" with singer Tony Orlando when Nancy Davis Reagan made her entrance to the convention hall; Staff termed Mrs. Ford's behavior "a low, cheap shot" to divert attention from the Reagan campaign. Staff claimed that the Ford managers at the convention deliberately made it inconvenient for the Reaganites. "As far as the seating in the arena, the Texas delegation barely got in. They had us stuck way over to the side where the presiding officer couldn't even see us if we wanted to get recognition. . . . " Gwen Pharo of Dallas agreed with Staff about the "shabby treatment" of the Texas delegation by the Ford backers would undoubtedly mean a lack of enthusiasm for the fall campaign.
Staff took an informal survey of the Texas delegates and found few Reaganites favored Reagan becoming Ford's vice-presidential choice to replace Nelson Rockefeller: "The delegates really don't want to see him in that spot, but I sure don't want him to go home and start rocking on his front porch.". Staff said that a fifth of the Texas delegates would want Reagan in the vice-presidential spot, but more than a fourth favored Connally in the secondary position. There was little support of Senator Howard Baker of Tennessee and no mention of the eventual choice, Robert Dole, she said.
Staff recalled that Senator John Tower spent much of his time at the convention with the Mississippi delegation, which swung to Ford near the end of the deliberations. Tower did not address the phalanx of Reagan backers in his own state delegation. In later years Tower's estrangement from his former conservative backers intensified when he supported abortion and challenged President Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative.
Other activities.
Among her civic activities, Staff has been a volunteer for Parkland Hospital and the Dallas County Heritage Society. She is also a member of the Texas State Historical Association, now based in Denton.

</doc>
<doc id="31134799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134799" title="John Fell (tutor)">
John Fell (tutor)

John Fell (22 August 1735, Cockermouth – 6 September 1797, Homerton Academy) was an English congregationalist minister and classical tutor.
Life.
Fell was born at Cockermouth, Cumberland, on 22 August 1735. His father, Daniel Fell, was a schoolmaster, clerk to the dissenting congregation, and occasional village preacher. Fell was apprenticed to a tailor, and after serving his time obtained a situation in London. His bent was towards the dissenting ministry, and by the help of the King's Head Society he was placed in 1757 at the Mile End academy under John Conder, D.D. The classical tutor was John Walker, D.D., an excellent scholar, who took a great fancy to Fell, and gave him private instructions. On leaving the academy he was for a short time assistant in a school at Norwich. In 1762 he was invited to take charge of an independent congregation at Beccles, Suffolk. He preached there for several years, but declined the pastorate, the church not being organised to his satisfaction.
In May 1770 he succeeded David Parry as minister of the congregational church at Thaxted, Essex, where he was ordained on 24 October. This was his happiest settlement; his congregation grew, he lived on intimate terms with successive rectors of the parish, and with Rayner Hickford, the Saxon scholar; and he had time for literary and theological pursuits and for private tuition. One of his young tutees during this period was Richard Sharp with whom he formed a lifelong friendship, Sharp writing the Introduction to Fell's 'Grammar' (1784) which is listed below. Fell's writings in reply to Hugh Farmer are able, but too acrimonious. In 1787, on the retirement of Benjamin Davies, D.D., he accepted the post of classical tutor in his alma mater, and removed (September 1769) to Homerton Academy. It soon became apparent that Fell could not get on well with his students. His apologist speaks of a spirit of insubordination in the academy prior to his appointment. Matters went from bad to worse till at the annual examination in June 1795 charges and counter-charges were brought forward. After much deliberation the governing body, in March 1796, insisted on Fell's retirement, either at midsummer or Christmas. His friends drew up a protest, which the majority declined to record. Fell left the academy at the end of January 1797, and was succeeded by John Berry.
Doubtless Fell had faults of temper; he offended some by a rigid orthodoxy, others he estranged by his republican sympathies. Through the exertions of a London merchant Fell was provided with an annuity of £100. A committee of eight laymen raised some £200 as remuneration for a course of twelve lectures on the evidences. Fell had delivered four of these to crowded audiences in the Scots Church, London Wall, when his health gave way. He died unmarried on 6 Sept. 1797 at Homerton, and was buried at Bunhill Fields on 15 Sept., a funeral oration being delivered by Joseph Brooksbank. The funeral sermon was preached at the Old Jewry on Sunday evening, 24 September, by Henry Hunter, D.D., of the Scots Church.
Works.
Hunter also mentions reviews of Horne Tooke's "Diversions of Purley" (1786), and Nicholas Savary's ‘Letters on Egypt’ (1786), but does not say where they appeared.

</doc>
<doc id="31134800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134800" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1500 metres">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1500 metres

The men's 1500 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on 10 March at 15:30 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31134807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134807" title="Christine Poon">
Christine Poon

Christine Poon, born c. 1952 in Brentwood, Missouri, is an American business executive. She is the former Vice Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's Board of Directors and Worldwide Chairman of J&J's Pharmaceuticals Group. Poon is currently dean of Ohio State University's Fisher College of Business. She is also member of the Board of Directors of Prudential Financial, Regeneron, and Sherwin-Williams, and member of the Supervisory Board of Royal Philips Electronics.

</doc>
<doc id="31134808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134808" title="John Polakowski (politician)">
John Polakowski (politician)

John J. Polakowski (born July 7, 1896) was a retail clerk, dispatcher and real estate broker from Milwaukee who served one term (1923-1924) as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 8th Milwaukee County district (8th and 14th wards of the City of Milwaukee). He was the brother of Walter Polakowski.
Background.
Polakowski was born in Buffalo, New York, July 7, 1896. He came to Milwaukee with his parents about 1900. He was educated in parochial schools, night and high schools and was described as "a graduate of the American School of Practipadicts." He was working as a salesman at Schuster's department store when elected.
Assembly service.
He had never held public office before, when elected to the Assembly in the November, 1922, election; he received 2,191 votes to 1,471 for Republican Louis Polewczwnski and 856 for Democrat Frank Kubatzki (whom his brother Walter had unseated in 1920). Part of the newly-redistricted district had been represented by Walter, the rest by fellow Socialist Stephen Stolowski. In that same election Walter advanced from the Assembly to the Wisconsin State Senate.
John did not run for re-election in 1924, and was succeeded by fellow Socialist Frank Cieszynski.
After the assembly.
In 1925, Polakowski was appointed as a fire alarm operator for the City of Milwaukee fire department, and was on that job as of the Milwaukee City Hall fire on the evening of October 9, 1929, during which he and two colleagues remained at their posts on the sixth floor of City Hall while firefighters struggled to control the blaze. 
He was working as a real estate broker when his wife Anna died December 26, 1959, at the age of 65, at which time they had eight children: Grace, Audrey, Arline, Ellen, Jean, George, Daniel and John Jr. Daniel's full name was Daniel Webster Hoan Polakowski; he had been named after Socialist Milwaukee mayor Dan Hoan.
In 1965-1970 Polakowski was an organizer of the Allied Council of Senior Citizens, a senior citizens' rights organization in Milwaukee; at one point he was their president. As of 1969, he was supervisor of Project Involve, an anti-poverty program aimed at helping the elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="31134834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134834" title="Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube">
Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube

Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube, commonly known as Audax São Paulo, or simply as Audax, is a Brazilian football club based in Osasco, São Paulo state. The club was formerly known as Pão de Açúcar Esporte Clube, PAEC and Audax São Paulo Esporte Clube.
History.
The club was founded as a city of São Paulo-based club on December 8, 1985 as Pão de Açúcar Esporte Clube, playing their first professional game on April 7, 2007, against Jabaquara, for the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão. They won the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão in 2008, after beating Batatais in the final.
Pão de Açúcar Esporte Clube was renamed to Audax São Paulo Esporte Clube on July 17, 2011, adopting a new logo and new kits. The owner of the club, Grupo Pão de Açúcar, changed the club's name to bring the team closer to its supporters.
The club was sold on September 22, 2013 to Mário Teixeira, president of Bradesco and vice-president of Grêmio Osasco, renamed to Grêmio Osasco Audax and moved to Osasco.
Stadium.
Grêmio Audax Osasco plays they home games at Estádio José Liberatti. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 12,430.
Audax São Paulo Esporte Clube, until 2014, played their home games at Estádio Nicolau Alayon. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 9,660 people.
The club, until 2011, played their home games at Estádio Conde Rodolfo Crespi, nicknamed "Estádio Rua Javari". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31134854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134854" title="Leptocoris">
Leptocoris

Leptocoris is the largest genus of the soapberry bug subfamily. The 41 species of this genus are distributed throughout Africa, South Asia, and Oceania and are thought to have originated in Africa, where the greatest diversity of "Leptocoris" species are found. Members of this genus are large-bodied and have short, wide pronota; they are similar in appearance to the New World genus "Jadera" (of which there is no range overlap). "Leptocoris" species can be easily distinguished from the small, slender "Boisea" (of which there is substantial range overlap). The Australian "Leptocoris tagalicus" has been studied for its ability to rapidly adapt to invasive hosts (e.g. balloon vine) and is seen as a possible means of biocontrol for environmental weeds. The southeast Asian species "Leptocoris vicinus" is common in urban settings, although it is frequently misidentified as "Leptocoris augur".

</doc>
<doc id="31134867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134867" title="2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification">
2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification

The qualification for the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship.
Format.
The teams have been divided into two zones – West (23) and East (16). The teams will be divided into seven groups of six and five teams each. West Zone will have three groups of six and one of five teams while East will have one group of six teams each and two of five. Top two teams from each of the groups and third best team from West and East zones will qualify for the tournament proper.
Seedings.
The draw for the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification will take place at AFC House on 30 March 2011.
Six teams will not take part in this edition: , , , , , .
Groups.
Group A.
All matches were played in Dhaka, Bangladesh (UTC+6).
Group B.
All matches were played in Doha, Qatar (UTC+3).
+Qatar, Kuwait, and Jordan are ranked by their head-to-head results.
Group C.
All matches were played in Tehran, Iran ().
Group D.
All matches were played in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates (UTC+4).
Group E.
All matches were played in Bangkok, Thailand (UTC+7).
Group F.
All matches were played in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (UTC+7).
Group G.
All matches were held in Petaling Jaya (Selangor), Malaysia (UTC+8).
Third-placed qualifiers.
At the end of the first stage, a comparison will be made between the third placed teams of each group. The one best third-placed teams from the West Zone (Group A to D) and one best third-placed team from the East (Group E to G) would also advanced to the AFC U-19 Championship 2012.
West Zone.
Because three groups has one team fewer than the others, following the withdrawal of Afghanistan and Nepal, matches against the sixth-placed team in each group are not included in this ranking. As a result, four matches played by each team will count for the purposes of the third-placed table.

</doc>
<doc id="31134873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134873" title="The Teacher Salary Project">
The Teacher Salary Project

The Teacher Salary Project is a non-profit organization dedicated to raising awareness surrounding the working conditions and salaries of public school teachers throughout America. The mission of The Teacher Salary Project is to address the concerns and issues facing our education system through the eyes and experiences of teachers. It proposes that teacher salary reform is an effective method of attracting and retaining top-quality teachers to the field of education. The project began with the New York Times best-selling book "Teachers Have It Easy: The Big Sacrifices and Small Salaries of America’s Teachers", co-authored by teacher and journalist Daniel Moulthrop, co-founder of 826 National Nínive Calegari, and writer Dave Eggers. In 2011, The Teacher Salary Project released the feature-length documentary film "American Teacher." The film was officially released at select theaters in several major U.S. cities in the Fall of 2011. In fall of 2013, The Teacher Salary Project launched a Governors' Challenge to take stock of and showcase what each of the fifty state governors are doing to recruit and retain the best teaching force that can most effectively serve their states' students.
Teachers Have It Easy.
"Teachers Have It Easy: The Big Sacrifices and Small Salaries of America’s Teachers" was released in June 2005 and is co-authored by Nínive Calegari, Dave Eggers, and Daniel Moulthrop. The book utilizes a large catalog of teacher testimonies in portraying the working conditions of public school teachers throughout various urban and rural areas across America. The subject of teacher salary reform is consistently returned to as many of the teacher accounts portray a job that, however rewarding, is demanding and trying upon one’s time and finances. The book follows the wide range of teacher testimonies with a chapter that contrasts a typical day of a teacher alongside that of a pharmaceutical salesman. The book also investigates several districts and schools that have made successful reforms on the teacher salary level.
Examples of successful reform are highlighted in Denver’s ProComp system, which was initiated in 2006 and rewarded teachers performance bonuses for education, student achievement, and for teaching in hard-to-staff and/or hard-to-serve positions; The Vaughn Next Center Learning in Los Angeles, CA for their innovative methods in evaluating teachers and rewarding them for effective performance; and, lastly, the public school district in Helena, Montana in how they were able to free up $1 million to be used in attracting and rewarding top-quality teachers.
The book has appeared on the New York Times extended best-seller list and has been featured on CSPAN, and NPR’s Marketplace.
American Teacher.
"American Teacher" is a feature-length documentary created and produced by The Teacher Salary Project. Following the format of the book "Teachers Have It Easy: The Big Sacrifices and Small Salaries of America’s Teachers", the film utilizes a large collection of teacher testimonies and contrasts the demands of the teaching profession alongside interviews with education experts and education reform news from around the country.
The Governors' Challenge.
The Governors' Challenge began with the November mailing of "American Teacher," along with a brochure about teachers, teachers' finances, and action steps for governors to take with their staff, to every U.S. governor, governors' spouse, and Chief State School Officer. Based on the premise that, as leaders of their states, governors have tremendous influence and ability to generate political will to prioritize important policies like teacher pay, the Governors' Challenge aims to showcase what each governor is doing (or not) to support improved teacher salaries with the goal of attracting and retaining great teachers for every student. The Teacher Salary Project developed an online interactive map to publish the latest and most innovative efforts to improve teacher pay throughout all fifty states in one comprehensive site, where governors will be applauded for their efforts to help elevate the prestige of teaching in their state and to attract talented individuals to the teaching profession. The site is intended to enable governors across the country to learn from one another and adopt similar strategies for elevating the teaching profession in their own states to be a financially attractive, prestigious, and sustainable profession.

</doc>
<doc id="31134877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134877" title="Lobosh Peak">
Lobosh Peak

Lobosh Peak (, ‘Vrah Lobosh’ \'vr&h 'lo-bosh\) is the ice-covered peak rising to 1000 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, east of the upper course of Boydell Glacier. The feature has precipitous, mostly ice-free west slopes, and surmounts Boydell Glacier to the west and south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Lobosh in Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Lobosh Peak is located at , which is 15.5 km southwest of Povien Peak, 7.11 km west by south of Petkov Nunatak, 3.12 km northwest of the summit of Kopito Ridge, 5.18 km north-northeast of Mureno Peak and 8.34 km east-northeast of Seydol Crag.

</doc>
<doc id="31134890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134890" title="Mary Fitzpayne">
Mary Fitzpayne

Mary Fitzpayne (born 23 March 1928) is an English artist.
Early life and education.
Born Alice Mary Fitzpayne in Catterick, North Yorkshire, and brought up in Leeds. Educated at Leeds College of Art, Central School of Art and Design and the Royal College of Art, studying under the artists Roderigo Moynihan, Carel Weight, John Minton, Francis Bacon and Ruskin Spear. It was while a student there she met the painter Eric Doitch, who was to become her husband. They set up home in London, eventually moving to their house in Camberwell where they pursued their careers as artists. Their house became renowned for the extraordinary collection of art that was hung on the walls, and their circle of friends which included writers such as Elias Canetti, Richard Grunberger and Erich Fried.
Painting and drawing.
Fitzpayne found her subjects among the lives of the street drinkers that populated Camberwell at the time. The artist's lifelong identification with, and concern for those on the margins of society, led her to begin a series of drawings and paintings in the early 1960s depicting those made homeless by the closure of the homeless hostels. These people went on to live in makeshift communes in central London venues. As a person she had sympathy with their plight and was always at great pains to point out that they were human beings who deserved to be treated with fairness and dignity. Fitzpayne made regular visits to the areas where they slept and to the church of St Martin-in-the-Fields which has always offered shelter.
Fitzpayne's paintings of the circus, inspired by a visit made with her children, began an artistic journey that continues to this day. Clowns, harlequins and circus acrobats people the internal landscape of her work. She moved to rural Lincolnshire in 1971. Her work continues to be drawn from mythological and religious subjects in a vivid figurative manner.
Personal life.
Mary Fitzpayne married the Austrian refugee artist Eric Doitch in 1954. They had two children, Käthe Deutsch, the artist, and a son, George.

</doc>
<doc id="31134905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134905" title="Minister for Children">
Minister for Children

Minister for Children may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134910" title="List of buildings and structures in Libya">
List of buildings and structures in Libya

This is a list of notable buildings and structures in Libya, organized by city:

</doc>
<doc id="31134920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134920" title="Aren't We All? (film)">
Aren't We All? (film)

"Aren't We All?" is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Gertrude Lawrence, Hugh Wakefield and Owen Nares. It is based on the play "Aren't We All?" by Frederick Lonsdale.

</doc>
<doc id="31134928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134928" title="Boris Vasilyev (writer)">
Boris Vasilyev (writer)

Boris Lvovich Vasilyev (; 21 May 1924 – 11 March 2013) was a Soviet writer. He is considered the last representative of the so-called "lieutenant prose", a group of former low-ranking Soviet officers who dramatised their traumatic World War II experience.
After his World War II service, Vasiliev enrolled at the Malinovsky Tank Academy. His short novel "The Dawns Here Are Quiet" was a Soviet bestseller, selling 1.8 million copies within a year after its publication in 1969. It was adapted for the stage and the screen; there is also an opera and a Chinese TV series based on the story.
"The Dawns Here Are Quiet" was the first of Vasiliev's sentimental patriotic tales of female heroism in the Second World War ("Not on the Active List", 1974; "Tomorrow There Came War", 1984) which brought him renown in the Soviet Union, China, and other communist countries. Many of his books give a harsh picture of life in Stalin's Russia.
Vasiliev's short novel "Don't Shoot the White Swans" (1973), a milestone of Russian-language environmental fiction, is sharply critical of "the senseless destruction of beautiful creatures and the exploitation of nature for personal gain". It was made into a 1980 Soviet film.
Vasiliev was awarded the USSR State Prize for 1975 and was a member of the jury at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. In 1989, he quit the USSR Communist Party but grew disillusioned with the Perestroika rather quickly. In October 1993, he signed the Letter of Forty-Two. Late in life, Vasiliev turned to historical fiction based on incidents from medieval Russian chronicles.

</doc>
<doc id="31134932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134932" title="Tihomil Beritić">
Tihomil Beritić

Tihomil Beritić (1919–1999) was a Croatian physician.
Born in Herceg Novi, he graduated from the School of Medicine, University of Zagreb in 1943, where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1980. His research focus was hematology and toxicology. He spent most of his career at the Institute for Medical Research and Occupational Health in Zagreb as the founder and head of the Occupational Disease Department. He was also a long-time editor of professional journals "Liječnički vjesnik" and "Arhiv za higijenu rada i toksikologiju".
Beritić was a full member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts, and the chairman of its Allergology Committee. He was an honorary president of the Croatian Toxicological Society.
Beritić was named one of Righteous among the Nations in 1994 as he and his mother, Zina-Gertruda Beritić, had sheltered a Jewish child during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31134933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134933" title="John Polakowski">
John Polakowski

John Polakowski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31134936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134936" title="William Fell (writer)">
William Fell (writer)

(Walter) William Fell (1761/2 – 27 March 1848, Shap) was an English writer.
Life.
William Fell was probably born near Brampton, Cumberland. He was a schoolmaster successively at Manchester, Wilmslow, and Lancaster, and was an industrious writer for the press. After his retirement he lived at Clifton, near Lowther, Westmorland. He died in March 1848 at Shap, aged 86, predeceased by his wife Dorothy and son Edward. He left his substantial property to the children of his elder brother, John Fell of Swindale Head, thereby disinheriting his only surviving son, Henry, who lived in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="31134942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134942" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Women's 3000 metres">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Women's 3000 metres

The Women's 3000m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 10 at 16:30 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31134969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134969" title="Syria national beach soccer team">
Syria national beach soccer team

The Syria National Beach Soccer Team represents Syria in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Syrian Football Association, the governing body for football in the Syria..
Current squad.
The following is the squad picked to play at the 2010 Asian Beach Games in December 2010. A number of these players featured at the 2011 world cup qualifiers. 
"Correct as of December 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="31134971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134971" title="Antimo Palano">
Antimo Palano

Antimo Palano is one of the Italian and international leading experts of hadron spectroscopy.
Biography.
After attaining his degree in Physics in 1972, he participated to the WA76-OMEGA experiment at CERN; he was also appointed as "spokesman" of that experiment. Palano is involved in the BaBar experiment, at SLAC laboratories, Stanford University. He is currently Full Professor of Physics at the University of Bari.
In 2003 he discovered a new particle, dubbed "Ds0*(2317)", unexpected resonance constituted by a charm quark and a strange quark. In the paper in which the discovery of the new particle was reported, there is also an indication about the possible existence of another particle with a mass of about 2460 MeV, the so-called "Ds1(2460)", subsequently confirmed by the Belle experiment, at the KEK laboratories, in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="31134987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134987" title="DA! (band)">
DA! (band)

DA! were a Chicago-based post-punk band of the early 1980s.
History.
DA! was formed by 17-year-old singer/bassist Lorna Donley in 1977, along with guitarist/keyboardist Evelyn Marquis and drummer Dawn Fisher. This lineup performed only once, and guitarist Gaylene Goudreau (who had previously played with all-girl punk band Lois Layne) was added in late 1979. 
The band has been speculated as possibly being the band who recorded "Ready 'N Steady," a lost (and, in modern research, considered to be fictitious) song that managed to appear on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles for three weeks in 1979. None of the members of the band have ever confirmed recording such a record.
By early 1980 DA! had parted ways with Marquis and replaced her with guitarist David Thomas (who had previously played in St. Louis punk bands The Singapores and Cool Jerk). By that summer, they had become a fixture on Chicago's early punk music scene, performing regularly at area clubs like O'Banion's, Tuts, Waves, Exit, Oz and Space Place and opening for visiting groups including The Fall, DNA, Bauhaus and Mission of Burma.
DA!'s manager, Terry Nelson,a local punk radio DJ, formed Autumn Records with producer George Kapoulas. DA! began to record demos in the late summer of 1980 with Timothy Powell and Metro Mobile. Their first single, "Dark Rooms"/"White Castles", was produced at Acme Studios by Kapoulas and Mike Rasfeld. With the spring 1981 release of the single, DA! garnered attention outside of Chicago, and performed in Milwaukee with The Ama-Dots, in Minneapolis with Husker Du, and in Madison with X. Kapoulas, an engineer at WGN-TV, produced a music video for the single and "Dark Rooms" went into heavy rotation on "Rock America", a pre-MTV video cable service available in music clubs.
DA! was featured on the next Autumn Records release, a 1981 compilation LP titled "Busted at Oz". Recorded over three nights, it featured live recordings by DA! and other seminal Chicago punk bands including Strike Under, Naked Raygun, Silver Abuse, The Subverts, and The Effigies.
Following the release of the "Busted at Oz" LP, Fisher was briefly replaced by Strike Under drummer Bob Furem. DA! recorded the "Time Will Be Kind" EP with Powell at Sound Impressions in late 1981, but by the time of its 1982 release, the group had disbanded.
DA! and Lorna Donley were featured in "You Weren’t There" a/k/a "You Weren’t There: A History of Chicago Punk, 1977-1984", a 2007 film about the Chicago punk scene from 1977-1984. In 2010, Factory 25 Records released "Exclamation Point", a vinyl LP compiling the band's previously released and unreleased material. DA! played two Chicago shows in 2010 to support the LP, the first show with Furem on drums, the second with new drummer Jason Batchko.
Donley, later a librarian in the Chicago Public Library system, died on December 1, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31134995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134995" title="Olga Fateeva">
Olga Fateeva

Olga Fateeva (Russian: Ольга Фатеева; born 4 May 1984) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship.
References.
[http://www.sbvolley.ru/person/18.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31134998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31134998" title="Ken Gillard">
Ken Gillard

Ken Gillard is a former professional footballer who is currently a youth team coach at Crystal Palace.
Playing career.
He started his career as a youth player at Luton Town but failed to make a first team appearance. He then joined Northampton Town, where he made 23 appearances in the Football League. After leaving Northampton he played for non-League sides Chesham United and Hitchin Town.
Coaching career.
He joined Nuneaton as assistant manager to his former Northampton team mate Kevin Wilkin in 2008. He had previously held similar roles at Barton Rovers and Hitchin Town.
International career.
Gillard played for the Republic of Ireland under-21 side during the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="31135007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135007" title="Letting in the Sunshine">
Letting in the Sunshine

Letting in the Sunshine is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Albert Burdon, Renee Gadd and Molly Lamont. It was based on a story by Anthony Asquith.

</doc>
<doc id="31135014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135014" title="Victor Pineda (activist)">
Victor Pineda (activist)

Dr. Victor Santiago Pineda (born November 17, 1978) is a social development scholar and disability rights advocate. He is also an international speaker and consultant on accessibility related issues.
Early in his career, he served as the youngest government delegate to participate in the drafting of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and thereafter launched the World Enabled Global Initiative, a disability affiliate program that combines the reach of the world's most active disabled persons’ organizations (DPOs) and intergovernmental agencies. He also launched the Pineda Foundation, a voluntary non-profit that promotes the rights and dignities of young people with disabilities. Both were established in 2003.
Background.
Victor Santiago Pineda was born in Caracas, Venezuela, to, Julio Cesar Pineda, a law professor and former Venezuelan Ambassador to Kuwait, South Korea, and Libya and Dubravka Purkarevic, a visiting professor at the US Naval Postgraduate School (NPS) and former Ms. Venezuela. At the age of two, Pineda was hospitalized with a high fever and for the next five years he demonstrated gradual weakening of his skeletal muscles. By age four, his weakened muscles caused him to fall repeatedly and by age seven, he stopped walking completely. His muscular deterioration would continue and eventually affect his breathing. By the time he was in high school, he needed to use a ventilator at night, and by the time he started his doctoral program in his late-twenties, he required a ventilator twenty-four hours per day.
As a child, Pineda was diagnosed with Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA-Type II), a form of muscular dystrophy. However, as an adult, he was examined by a neurophysiologist who, with the use of electromyography, determined that there was no evidence to suggest Spinal muscular atrophy. The specific cause of Pineda's muscle weakness remains undefined.
Education and advocacy.
Pineda was an active participant in debate, public affairs and government while at Corona Del Mar High School in Corona Del Mar, CA and was selected by his graduating class as a commencement speaker. Upon graduating in 1997, Pineda attended the California Youth Leadership Forum for Students with Disabilities (YLF), where he first realized his passion for education and advocacy. As a freshman at the University of California Berkeley, he received specialized support services provided by the Disabled Student's Office (DSP) and participated in the Disabled Students Residence Program (DSRP).
While at UC Berkeley, Pineda developed his leadership skills. He was an elected Senator for the ASUC student government, defended affordable housing, and helped resurrect the long dormant Disabled Students Union (DSU). He established the Disability Media Initiative (DMI) and the Pineda Foundation to provide 21st century workforce skills to youth with disabilities. Pineda earned a B.A. in Political Economy, a B.S. in Business Administration and, eventually, a Master's Degree in City and Regional Planning (MCP) with a concentration in Regional Economic Development. His experience at UC Berkeley culminated with an internship in Washington, D.C., where he served as a summer associate at the US Treasury's Department of International Affairs.
In 2006, Pineda received a graduate equity and diversity fellowship to pursue a doctoral degree in Urban Planning at the Luskin School for Public Affairs at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) where he wrote his doctoral dissertation in the field of social policy formation. In 2009, he was awarded the US Department of Education's Fulbright-Hays Doctoral Dissertation Research Abroad Fellowship and the Sheikh Saud Qassimi Public Policy Fellowship at the Dubai School of Government. Pineda received his PhD with distinction in 2010 for his dissertation entitled, "The Capability Model of Disability: Assessing the Success of UAE Federal Law No. 29 of 2006 in the Emirate of Dubai".
Philanthropy.
Pineda's commitment to social justice came to him while at UC Berkeley. As a student, Pineda received an award for a short form documentary he directed about life in Cuba and he has used film as a platform to shine a light on human rights issues around the world.
Fond of the arts, Pineda formed an artist collective called, Babylon Arts Group, that featured noted artists like Jasko Begovic. The mission of the organization was to aid in the development of artists across a variety of disciplines.
The Pineda Foundation continues to support Pineda's activism throughout the world. In recent years, the foundation has been able to raise over a million dollars in support of programs that support youth with disabilities. Among the Foundation’s most significant accomplishments are the creation of "It's Our Story", the US National Flagship project that contains over 1,100 video testimonials and thousands of still photos on the current experience of living in America with a disability, the launch of World Enabled (WE) an online platform for information and inspiration sharing innovative user generated videos and success stories for disabled youth, and the Open Hands Initiative Comic Book, which launched in Damascus, Syria on August 1, 2010, and brought together disabled rights advocates from the US and Syria to work with disabled Syrian children to develop a new comic book character. Co-sponsored by Liquid Comics, with the endorsement of former President Bill Clinton, the project led to the creation of the comic book, Silver Scorpion.
Publications.
Pineda has authored work for diverse audiences from children's material to academic journals to the mainstream media. Through a partnership between his World Enabled Initiative and UNICEF, in 2007 Pineda authored an educational publication for children, "It's About Ability", to generate increased attention on youth with disabilities and to explain the Convention on the Rights of Persons With Disabilities. The booklet was translated in 8 languages (English, French, Spanish, Japanese, Khmer, Russian, Arabic, Serbian) with the goal of teaching disabled children about their rights. In 2010, Pineda published a substantial research project, The Capability Model of Disability: Assessing the Success of UAE Federal Law No. 29 of 2006 in the Emirate of Dubai', for his dissertation.
Awards and Honors.
Pineda has received numerous awards for both his domestic and international work. In 2009, Pineda was awarded the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD) Paul G. Hearne Award. Pineda's "It's About Ability" project was honored on February 17, 2011 in Montenegro for the Best Humanitarian Action by UNICEF. Also in 2011, he received the prestigious Mark Bingham Award for Excellence in Achievement by a Young Alumnus/a, Cal Alumni Association for his work in education and human rights.

</doc>
<doc id="31135025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135025" title="General Land Centennial Exhibition (1891)">
General Land Centennial Exhibition (1891)

The General Land Centennial Exhibition was a World's fair held in 1891 in Prague, then in the Austria–Hungarian Empire.
Many buildings were erected for this exposition, including the Průmyslový palace (Industrial Palace).
Summary.
Taking place towards the end of the Austria-Hungarian empire this exhibition was a demonstration of what was to soon become Czechoslovakia's desire for independence. Its date marked 100 years since the first industrial exhibition held in 1791 in Prague's Klementinum when Prague was part of the Habsburg Monarchy. The majority German population in Prague attempted to move the 1891 expo to the following year when it could not be used to mark the century. And then when it was held largely boycotted it.
Sometimes known as the "Prague Jubilee Exhibition" the main site for the fair is now the Prague Exhibition Grounds close to Stromovka Park. The biggest building was the Průmyslový palace designed by Bedřich Münzberger
Opening.
The fair was opened on 15 May 1891 by Archduke Karl Ludwig and attended by government ministers, the governor Count Franz Thun and Prince George Lobkowicz. Josef I did not attend the opening ceremony, but visited the fair later.
The Křižíkova fountain was illuminated.
Legacy.
Many buildings from the fair still exist including the Art Nouveau Hanava Pavilion (close to the huge metronome) which is popular for weddings and Petřín Tower a 60 meter copy of the Eiffel Tower. The Křižíkova fountain was reconstructed recently and is still operational.

</doc>
<doc id="31135028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135028" title="QuarkImmedia">
QuarkImmedia

QuarkImmedia was an Internet and multimedia authoring and viewing application for Mac OS X and Windows, produced by Quark, Inc. Designed for use in conjunction with either QuarkXPress or QuarkXPress Passport it was primarily used for CD-ROM publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="31135038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135038" title="Mammary gland development">
Mammary gland development

Mammary Gland Development is characterized by the unique process by which the epithelium invades the stroma. The development of the mammary gland occurs mainly after birth. During puberty, tubule formation is coupled with branching morphogenesis which establishes the basic arboreal network of ducts emanating from the nipple.
Developmentally, mammary gland epithelium is constantly produced and maintained by rare epithelial cells, dubbed as mammary progenitors which are ultimately thought to be derived from tissue-resident stem cells.
Embryonic Mammary Gland Development.
Embryonic mammary gland development can be divided into a series of specific stages. Initially, the formation of the milk lines that run between the fore and hind limbs bi-laterally on each side of the midline occurs around embryonic day 10.5 (E10.5). The second stage occurs at E11.5 when placode formation begins along the mammary milk line. This will eventually give rise to the nipple. Lastly, the third stage occurs at E12.5 and involves the invagination of cells within the placode into the mesenchyme, leading to a mammary anlage (biology).
The primitive (stem) cells are detected in embryo and their numbers increase steadily during development 
Pre-Pubertal Mammary Gland Development.
Postnatally, the mammary ducts elongate into the mammary fat pad. Then, starting around four weeks of age, mammary ductal growth increases significantly with the ducts invading towards the lymph node. Terminal end buds, the highly proliferative structures found at the tips of the invading ducts, expand and increase greatly during this stage. This developmental period is characterized by the emergence of the terminal end buds and lasts until an age of about 7–8 weeks.
Pubertal Mammary Gland.
By the pubertal stage, the mammary ducts have invaded to the end of the mammary fat pad. At this point, the terminal end buds become less proliferative and decrease in size. Side branches form from the primary ducts and begin to fill the mammary fat pad. Ductal development decreases with the arrival of sexual maturity and undergoes estrous cycles (pro-estrous, estrous, met-estrous, and di-estrous). As a result of estrous cycling, the mammary gland undergoes dynamic changes where cells proliferate and then regress in an ordered fashion.
Estrous Cycles.
Figure Legend: Mammary gland whole mounts from BALB/c mice (Mus Musculus). A) 3 week old mammary gland. B) 6 week old mammary gland. C) 10 week old mammary gland. D) Mammary gland @ Pro-Estrous. E) Mammary gland @ Estrous. F) Mammary gland @ Met-Estrous. G) Mammary gland @ Di-Estrous
Pregnancy.
During pregnancy the ductal systems undergo rapid proliferation and form alveolar structures within the branches to be used for milk production.
Lactation.
After birth, lactation occurs within the mammary gland; lactation involves the secretion of milk by the luminal cells in the alveoli. Contraction of the myoepithelial cells surrounding the alveoli will cause the milk to be ejected through the ducts and into the nipple for the suckling pups.
Involution.
Upon weaning of the pups, lactation stops and the mammary gland turns in on itself (involution). This process involves the controlled collapse of mammary epithelial cells where cells begin to apoptosis in a controlled manner, reverting the mammary gland back to a pubertal state.
Estrogen receptors.
Development is caused by activation of estrogen receptor alpha, progesterone receptors, and prolactin receptors contained in mammary cells.
Estradiol, progesterone and prolactin normally activate the respective receptors that cause breast growth throughout stages of development.
Some phytoestrogens, like 8-prenylnaringenin, may activate these estrogen receptors to stimulate mammary gland development. Estrogen receptor expression in the mammary gland is controlled by the GATA-3 transcription factor 

</doc>
<doc id="31135041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135041" title="Albert Burdon">
Albert Burdon

Albert Burdon (1900–1981) was a British film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31135046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135046" title="Roger Moylan-Jones">
Roger Moylan-Jones

Rear Admiral Roger Charles Moylan-Jones (born 18 April 1940) is a former English cricketer and Royal Navy officer. Moylan-Jones was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. He was born in Torquay, Devon and educated at King Edward VI Grammar School in Totnes.
Moylan-Jones first represented the Royal Navy in cricket in 1959. This was also the year in which he made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Devon against Dorset. An infrequent performer for Devon due to his naval commitments meant he was limited to just 28 appearances for the county between 1959 and 1975, playing his final match for them against the Soemrset Second XI. He played just one first-class match, which came for the Combined Services against Oxford University. In the Oxford University first-innings he took his only 2 first-class wickets, those of Maurice Manasseh and Richard Gilliat, for the cost of 36 runs. With the bat he scored 3 runs in the Combined Services first-innings before being dismissed by John Martin and in their second-innings he scored 31 runs, being dismissed this time by Andrew Barker.
In the Royal Navy, Moylan-Jones rose to the rank of Rear Admiral and later served as the President of the Royal Navy Cricket Club 1993-95 and Director General Aircraft (Navy) from 1992 to 1995. Moylan-Jones became chairman of Devon County Cricket Club in 1997, a post he held until 2009 when he stepped down, being replaced by Geoff Evans. Following this he became club president, taking over from the late David Shepherd.

</doc>
<doc id="31135047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135047" title="Tio Sam Esporte Clube">
Tio Sam Esporte Clube

Tio Sam Esporte Clube, commonly known as Tio Sam (, "Uncle Sam"), is a Brazilian football and futsal club based in Niterói, Rio de Janeiro state. They finished as Taça Brasil de Futsal runner-ups once.
History.
The club was founded on March 18, 1990.
Football.
They won the Campeonato Carioca Fourth Level in 1995, and the Campeonato Carioca Third Level in 1996.
Futsal.
Tio Sam won the Rio de Janeiro city editions of the Campeonato Carioca de Futsal in 1993, 1996, and the Rio de Janeiro state versions of the competition in 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997 and in 2004. Tio Sam finished as runner-up in the 1998 edition of the Taça Brasil de Futsal.
Stadium.
The Tio Sam Esporte Clube football team play their home games at Estádio Gragoatá. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31135082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135082" title="Gang of Four (film)">
Gang of Four (film)

Gang of Four () is a 1989 French drama film directed by Jacques Rivette. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won an Honourable Mention.

</doc>
<doc id="31135091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135091" title="Healey (surname)">
Healey (surname)

Healey is a surname originally from the Sligo area of Ireland and the Gaelic word Ó hEalaighthe, which derives from 'ealadhach' meaning ingenious. The surname has a number of spelling variations, the most common being 'Healy'.
People bearing the surname Healey include:

</doc>
<doc id="31135102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135102" title="Jailbirds">
Jailbirds

Jailbirds is a 1940 British comedy crime film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Albert Burdon, Harry Terry and Charles Farrell. It was based on an idea by Fred Karno. After escaping from prison two criminals attempt to hide stolen jewels in a loaf of bread. However it accidentally gets sent to the wrong house leading to their ultimate capture.

</doc>
<doc id="31135113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135113" title="Morocco national beach soccer team">
Morocco national beach soccer team

The Morocco national beach soccer team represents Morocco in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Royal Moroccan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Morocco.
Current squad.
"Correct as of May 2014"
Key.
GK – Goalkeeper
FW – Forward
DF – Defender
MF – Midfielder

</doc>
<doc id="31135118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135118" title="Kismat (TV series)">
Kismat (TV series)

Kismat was an Indian drama television series which airs on Sony Entertainment Television from Monday to Thursday at 11:00 pm IST. The series is produced by YRF Television and premiered on 14 February 2011. It is an Indian adaptation of British author Jeffrey Archer's 1979 novel, Kane and Abel. The story is set in Mumbai, India. It revolves around the stories of two men born worlds apart. They have nothing in common except the same date of birth (15 August 1947) and a zeal to succeed in life. Aditya Raj Merchant is a wealthy and powerful industrialist while Kabir Khan is in a situation of great poverty.
Synopsis.
Kismat is a saga spread over sixty years that takes us through the lives of two men—Adityaraj Merchant and Kabir Khan, who share a strange karmic bond imposed by destiny.
Born on the same historic day of 15 August 1947, life takes them both through diverse experiences each on different paths, that ultimately define the course of their lives and their character as men.
Aditya Merchant, son of an affluent, successful industrialist Madhav Merchant and his wife Devika, also has an autocratic Grand mother—Gayatri Devi, who is a big influence in his life. His life is charted out for him even before he is born and he has every privilege he could possibly ask for. But in return he must stay true to the Merchant name and the ideals of excellence that it is identified with and he must strive to always be the best in order to be worthy of that name. He learns early on in life that winning is all that matters, and at any cost.
Kabir Khan, on the other hand born to Muslim parents, miraculously finds refuge in a Hindu family's house in a downtrodden village near Hyderabad. He is nurtured and showered with love by his Hindu mother Gunwanthi and older sister Saraswathi. But not for long. Facing adversities at a very early age, Kabir has to soon fend for himself and deal with every possible misfortune that life throws at him. Beaten and honed in these hardships, Kabir is forged into a determined man focussed only on becoming rich, successful and powerful.
Destiny rules that both Aditya and Kabir's paths must cross and keep crossing.
In time, this immutable play of destiny brings Aditya and Kabir, face-to-face in a conflict that has far reaching implications. A twist of fate, an unfortunate turn of events, coincidence, Kismat—all conspire to make this conflict grow bigger with each passing year until this tug of war between Aditya Merchant and Kabir Khan, for Revenge, Power and Prestige eventually becomes the sole reason for their existence.
Cast.
The serial was last telecasted on 2 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31135160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135160" title="Svetlana Kryuchkova">
Svetlana Kryuchkova

Svetlana Kryuchkova may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31135187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135187" title="Robert Beake">
Robert Beake

Robert Beake (died 22 September 1708) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1679. He supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
Beake was a Presbyterian alderman and draper of Coventry, and was commissioned into the parliamentary army. In 1654, he was elected Member of Parliament for Coventry in the First Protectorate Parliament. He became mayor of Coventry in 1655 and was elected MP for Coventry in the Second Protectorate Parliament in 1656. In 1657 he wrote his diary which showed how zealous he was in his puritan duties enforcing strict Sabbatarianism and suppressing disorder. Those who travelled on Sundays were put in the stocks or the cage, and even a man whose journey was in order to be a godfather was fined. On Sundays Beake spent his time in the park, observing 'who idly walked there'. He took action to suppress the sale of unlicensed ale and visited all the unlicensed alehouses in three wards in person. He was re-elected MP for Coventry in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament. 
In 1660, Beake was elected in the Convention Parliament However a parliamentary enquiry declared the election illegal, and in the following by-election, he lost his seat to William Jesson. Beake was elected again as MP for Coventry in 1679. He only sat for a short time, but voted for the first Exclusion Bill.
Beake's diary is held in the local record office.

</doc>
<doc id="31135195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135195" title="Burgh Walls Camp">
Burgh Walls Camp

Burgh Walls Camp is a multivallate Iron Age hill fort in the North Somerset district of Somerset, England. The hill fort is situated within Leigh Woods approximately north-east from the village of Long Ashton near Bristol, above the banks of the River Avon. The hillfort has some alternative names such as Bower Walls Camp, Burwalls, or Bowre Walls.
Burgh Walls Camp is one of three Iron Age fortifications overlooking the Avon Gorge, the others being Stokeleigh Camp and Clifton Camp on the opposite side of the gorge, on Clifton Down near the Observatory.
Background.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ores necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I wouldn't see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".

</doc>
<doc id="31135201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135201" title="Silas Totten">
Silas Totten

Silas Totten (March 26, 1804 – October 7, 1873) was the second President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1859-1862. Totten served as Professor of Moral and Intellectual Philosophy at the College of William and Mary in Virginia (1849-1859).[http://scrc.swem.wm.edu/wiki/index.php/Past_Faculty]

</doc>
<doc id="31135203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135203" title="Auto Shopper">
Auto Shopper

The Auto Shopper Magazine was established by Showcase Publications, Inc. of Toms River, New Jersey in 1978. In 1991, after expanding throughout the Northeast, the Auto Shopper established a second branch in Lakeland, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31135217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135217" title="H. H. Bloomer Award">
H. H. Bloomer Award

The H. H. Bloomer Award is an award of the Linnean Society established in 1963 from a legacy by the amateur naturalist Harry Howard Bloomer, awarded to "an amateur naturalist who has made an important contribution to biological knowledge."

</doc>
<doc id="31135222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135222" title="Camer Park Country Park">
Camer Park Country Park

Camer Country Park is in Meopham, in Kent, England. It is a former estate landscape, with grassland and woodland.
History.
This park was originally the country estate of the Smith-Masters family. It was one of the largest estates in Meopham, where there had been a farmstead in the area since the 13th century. The estate reached its peak size in the 18th and 19th centuries under the Smith-Masters.
The family included William Smith-Masters, an English cricketer, who died in Meopham on 27 August 1937. The last known resident was Kate (or Catherine) Smith-Masters. Her son George Smith then inherited the estate. He kept the house but sold the rest of the estate, and it was bought in 1967 by the Strood Rural District Counci, for the sum of £9,750.
The council converted the estate into a Country Park.
It was opened in the early 1970s by Kent County Council, who still manages it.
The Smith-Masters estate house (a Grade II listed building) was built in 1716. It still exists in private hands and can be seen from the park.
Walking in the park.
Visitors to the park can choose to either wander at ease admiring the variety of original trees of the mature parkland or go on one of the series of walks devised by Meopham Footpaths Group through the adjoining woodland of the park. Camer Park covers more than 40 acres of ancient parkland and woods, it is listed as an Area of Outstanding Beauty.
The book "A Year of Walks, Kent" has an 11 mile walk starting in the park car park and leading through the estate to Meopham, Havel, Luddesdown, Cobham and back to the park.
How to get there.
From the A2 dual carriageway near Gravesend, take the A227 towards Wrotham. Pass through the village of Meopham and turn left into Green Lane and turn right into Camer Park Road. It has a free entry car park.

</doc>
<doc id="31135224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135224" title="Healey (automobile)">
Healey (automobile)

The surname Healey is used variously in the automotive industry: 

</doc>
<doc id="31135232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135232" title="Greg DeLong">
Greg DeLong

Gregory Andrew DeLong (born April 3, 1973) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League. He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 1995. He played college football at North Carolina.
DeLong also played for the Baltimore Ravens and Jacksonville Jaguars.

</doc>
<doc id="31135239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135239" title="Oliver M. Spencer">
Oliver M. Spencer

Oliver M. Spencer (1829 – July 27, 1895) was the third President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1862-1867.

</doc>
<doc id="31135247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135247" title="Castanhal Esporte Clube">
Castanhal Esporte Clube

Castanhal Esporte Clube, commonly known as Castanhal, is a Brazilian football club based in Castanhal, Pará state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on September 7, 1924. Castanhal competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2001, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Ponte Preta. They won the Campeonato Paraense Second Level in 2003.
Stadium.
Castanhal Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Maximino Porpino Filho. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31135252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135252" title="BMZ">
BMZ

BMZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31135264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135264" title="2011 Victoria Cup">
2011 Victoria Cup

The 2011 Victoria Cup was scheduled to take place in June and July 2011; it will be the second Victoria Cup with the national teams from Zimbabwe, Kenya and Uganda competing in a round robin tournament, with both home and away fixtures. Kenya are the reigning champions after winning all 4 of their matches in 2010.
Schedule.
Click on the date in the first column to see more details on that match.
Match 1.
Tangai Nemadire put the Sables 5-0 up eight minutes into the game. Justin Kimono, top try scorer at the recently concluded Bamburi Rugby Super Series restored parity for the home side on thirty minutes. The diminutive Kimono, making his national team debut scored again two minutes later. Tichafara Makwanya's thirty fifth minute penalty narrowed the deficit to 10-8 just before half-time. Prop forward Denford Mutamangira scored a try on forty eight minutes with Makwanya's conversion putting Zimbabwe 15-10 ahead. Gardner Nechironga scored a try and Makwanya's conversion put Zimbabwe 22-10 ahead on fifty minutes. Makwanya scored a drop goal with an hour gone before Robert Seguya scored a late pushover try for Uganda. Final score 25-15 to Zimbabwe.
Defending champions Kenya played a series of friendlies against the Mpumalanga Pumas from South Africa. Kenya coach Michael Otieno is expected to name his travelling party on Tuesday 21 June to play Zimbabwe in Bulawayo on the 25th June. 

</doc>
<doc id="31135281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135281" title="Semibeings">
Semibeings

The Semibeings were an alternative rock band based in Mercerville-Hamilton Square, New Jersey, and active in the 1990s. The band released Sickness and Health on Shimmy Disc in 1995 and Three Pawns Standing on Seattle’s C/Z label in 1997, both produced by Mark Kramer and recorded at his Noise New Jersey studio. The band’s primary members were brother’s Joe and Pat Baker and Keith Monacchio. Playing numerous shows at the City Gardens club in Trenton, the group disbanded in 1999 to pursue other interests. The Semibeings' music was featured on a number of seasons of MTV's "The Real World" and "Road Rules" during the 1990s.
Beginnings.
It can be said that The Semibeings started with the pseudo band “The Political Manifestos” in 1989. Joseph Baker and Keith Monacchio became friends while attending Notre Dame High School in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, during the 80’s. Joe and brother Pat were involved in music from an early age. Joe purportedly has hundreds of cassette tapes filled with homemade albums he has made with the assistance of his brother from 1980 to the present including home made album covers and liner notes for each. Irrationally fearing the criticism he felt he would receive if his peers knew of his hobby, Joe had kept this other life "in the closet" till he chose to reveal his secret to Keith who was interested in much of the same music Joe was into. Keith who was known around school as having a great singing voice had aspired to get involved with music himself, but had never had the opportunity until he discovered Joe’s secret. While living at Long Beach Island, N.J. during the summer of 1989, Joe and Keith started writing songs together and recording them on cassette tapes as “albums” in the same way Joe had previously been doing and titled their band “The Political Manifestos”. During this time, Patrick Baker who had developed into a truly gifted guitarist and musician in his own right was busy with the role of lead guitarist as one of the original members of the local hard-core band Mouthpiece, co-writing their first EP. 
After spending several years writing and recording music together just for its own sake, feeling that their music was good enough that others would like it, Keith persuaded Joe to try their hands at truly coming out of the closet and having a go professionally. Joe, whom feared they would be ridiculed decided that at 20 years old it was "now or never" and decided to give it his best effort. However, Keith had the voice but couldn’t play any musical instruments, while Joe had the creative ideas and wrote the songs but as a musician he was technically limited so it was inevitable that Pat should join. They originally called the band “The Jamboree”. After secretly rehearsing as a 3 piece for about 3 months, they played their first official show at Stevie T’s in Trenton in November 1991 playing a mixture of covers (from the likes of Jane's Addiction and R.E.M.) and originals.
Etymology.
The band continued to play shows and during a brainstorming session with Keith, Joe came up with the name “Semibeings” to title the band based on the idea that as people they perhaps were not living as fully or to their potential thus “semi-being”. It was also a pun about being crazy; i.e. someone who is not quite “all there”. The word is only now starting to be used in the vernacular and as yet cannot be traced to being used before the band.
Demos as art.
At the time bands recorded “demos” which were usually cassette tapes consisting of 2 to 4 of the group’s best songs to send around to clubs or labels for potential shows or interest. The threesome decided to reinvent the demo format by recording full length albums right away and sending those out in their entirety as their “demos”. The band’s first album was the self-titled “The Semibeings” released in early 1992 and which contained 8 songs followed later that year by the 17 song An Emotional Buffet both self produced and recorded at SS Sound Studios in Hamilton, N.J. under the tutelage of the studio’s owner and engineer John Bailey whom the band affectionately nicknamed “Mama”. “The Semibeings” was more of a folk oriented album consisting of Keith and Joe sharing lead vocals with Joe and Pat sharing guitar duties and Pat handling the bass. All songs were written by Joe or with Joe and Keith collaborating on lyrics to Joe’s music. Wanting to make the music that was closer to their hearts; that being rock music, Joe, Pat and Keith realized that they needed to expand the band to include a full-time bassist and drummer. Tom McDonald joined as bassist and Dave Von Bargen joined as drummer, both having been friend’s of Pat’s and involved in the local basement music scene in Hamilton. Pat, Tom and Dave had previously formed the metal based band Spiritual Sky, having opened for Rob Zombie’s White Zombie at the Fastlanes in Asbury Park, N.J. in the early nineties. 
The follow-up to the first album was recorded as a five piece. Titled “An Emotional Buffet”, it wound up becoming a local classic. The tape even garnered attention from Alternative Press magazine who wrote “This release is truly one eclectic gem. There are lots of surprises in the seventeen songs. I was seduced to keep listening to each and every one” (AP July 1994). The band’s philosophy of sending out full length albums as demos seemed like suicide to most, but wound up paying off for upon listening to “An Emotional Buffet” local promoter Randy Now i.e.; (Randy Ellis) decided to book them as an opening act for the band Live at City Gardens. An unsigned local band opening up for national acts at the club was fairly unprecedented at the time, The Semibeings over the ensuing years opened for various national band’s at City Gardens including Jawbox, Shudder To Think, The Poster Children, and Superchunk as well as headlining at the club.
Shimmy Disc And C/Z.
Around this time Joe moved to Boston and attended Boston College as a literature major while simultaneously traveling back and forth to New Jersey to complete “An Emotional Buffet” and play shows, eventually dropping out of school altogether. It was during this time that Keith started learn to play guitar and write his own songs as well as collaborating on songs with Pat. With Joe’s songs dominating “An Emotional Buffet” and the song writing collaborations between the two lessening, perhaps Keith's survival instincts kicked in.
In early 1994 local label “Inkling Records” released a vinyl EP of new Semibeings work, which Keith promptly sent to legendary eccentric indie producer Kramer who immediately booked the band for sessions at his Noise New Jersey studio. The ensuing album Sickness and Health produced by Kramer was released on Shimmy Disc in early 1995. At one point Kramer was quoted on the Shimmy Disc website as stating that he considered “Sickness and Health” among the five best Shimmy Disc releases of all time. KnitMedia eventually purchased “Sickness and Health” along with much of the rest of Shimmy Disc’s back catalogue. 
"Option Magazine" reviewed the album stating “This New Jersey quintet makes a Kramer-produced psychedelic sound that's got one foot in the grave, one foot at a rave, and the middle leg pissing on the alterna-rock scene” (Option 1995). 
During this time, the band played a Shimmy Disc showcase at New York’s Knitting Factory alongside Kramer and Low (band). Neil Strauss covering the show for the New York Times reported “The Semi-Beings were two bands in one. The songs that the singer Joe Baker yowled were hazy, psychedelic rockers imbued with a touch of blues and a dash of dissonance; the numbers sung by the gentler-voiced Keith Monacchio droned instead of rocked and were usually supported by the chiming and ringing of three acoustic guitars”. (New York Times, 1995). 
The band at this point started describing their music as “acoustic folk punk” and both their live sets and recordings included playing acoustic guitars through large Marshall amplifiers at high volumes which created a ringing feedback wall of sound.
Kramer and the band completed the follow-up Three Pawns Standing in 1996, with the album being picked up and the band being signed to the legendary Seattle label C/Z which by this point was owned by former Skin Yard member Daniel House. C/Z also released their song Disco Of Bums on the final Teriyaki Asthma compilation. 
The band played various Shimmy Disc showcases with Hugh Hopper and King Missile as well as making the rounds of east coast clubs like New York’s Brownies or The Stone Pony in Asbury Park, N.J, playing shows with Amandla, Chris Harford and regularly with Laura Dawn and her first band Fluffer as well as Shimmy Disc label mates Tin Ear. The band also played the West Beth Theatre in New York as a part of C/Z’s showcase in the 1997 CMJ music festival along with Gerald Collier and Moonshake.
The band also went on a cross country tour in the summer of 1997, but mainly played in Seattle while crashing at Daniel House’s house. They played a show with Damon and Naomi at Seattle’s Showbox.
Throughout all this the band lost and then regained Tom McDonald as bassist (Dana Wasserman was bassist in the interim although never recording with the band) as well as losing Dave Von Bargen and cycling through too many drummers to count. Eventually Pat would play drums on their recordings.
Endings.
The four piece Semibeings of Joe, Pat, Keith and Tom went on to record The Semibeings Are Bums in 1998 at SS Sound Studios. The album was originally to be put out by C/Z but the label essentially dropped the band due to its own financial hardships. (C/Z folded shortly after, with Daniel House eventually releasing tracks from "Bums" on his online label Weedfiles). Also, since 1994 they had worked on a concept album based around a "nervous breakdown" called Tales From the Microvoid. During the 1999 sessions, the fighting between the band members particularly between Keith and Joe escalated to the point where Keith left the band altogether. More and more it became evident that the two primary songwriters were writing very different material with the “two bands in one” getting to the point of being incompatible. The three remaining Semibeings finished off “Tales from the Microvoid” and disbanded. 
The band in fact did split up into two very different bands with brothers Joe and Pat forming the short lived Junkygood and Keith and Tom forming The Commons. Junkygood made some recordings, most notably with Andrew Weiss from Rollins Band and Ween fame. Keith and Tom’s Common's self released a number of albums and in 2007 announced that they were disbanding. As of 2010, Joe and Pat have formed a new band titled Bake, self-releasing their debut EP "Summer Joy".
In reference to The Semibeings work, RollingStone.com stated “Their intricate, dreamy songs have a propulsive and hard-edged quality that at times sounds like a non-distorted Screaming Trees or a more varied, faster Codeine. Some of the songwriting is shockingly gorgeous”.

</doc>
<doc id="31135285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135285" title="James Miller (athlete)">
James Miller (athlete)

James Miller (born 4 June 1974) is a retired Australian pole vaulter.
He won the bronze medal at the 1994 Commonwealth Games and competed at the 1995 World Championships without reaching the final.
He became Australian champion in 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996 and 1997. His main domestic competitor was Simon Arkell. His personal best jump was 5.75 metres, achieved in February 1996 in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="31135292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135292" title="Old Collegians">
Old Collegians

Old Collegians may refer to former pupils of various colleges. 
It may also refer to clubs associated with old pupils of a college, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="31135295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135295" title="Nathan Ransom Leonard">
Nathan Ransom Leonard

Nathan Ransom Leonard (November 29, 1832 – July 8, 1917) was an acting president of the University of Iowa, serving first from 1867–1868 and again from 1870-1871.

</doc>
<doc id="31135304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135304" title="Bon Appétit (disambiguation)">
Bon Appétit (disambiguation)

Bon Appétit is an American food and entertaining magazine.
Bon Appétit may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31135306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135306" title="Anthony Galsworthy">
Anthony Galsworthy

Sir Anthony Charles Galsworthy (born 20 December 1944) is a retired British diplomat (former ambassador to China) and amateur naturalist. He currently works for Bekaert [http://www.bekaert.com/en/About%20us/Management%20and%20organization/Board/Sir%20Anthony%20Galsworthy.aspx].
He is the son of Arthur Galsworthy. He was appointed CMG in 1985 and KCMG in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31135308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135308" title="Elephant trunks">
Elephant trunks

Elephant trunks are formations of interstellar matter found in space. They are located in the neighborhood of massive O type and B type stars, which, through their intense radiation, can create expanding regions of ionized gas known as H II regions. Elephant trunks look like massive pillars or columns of gas and dust, but they come in various shapes, lengths, and colors. Astronomers study elephant trunks because of their unique formation process and use 2D and 3D simulations to try to understand how this phenomenon occurs. 
Formation.
O type and B type stars are a classification of stars that strongly emit ultraviolet (UV) radiation. The UV radiation causes the surrounding cloud of hydrogen gas to ionize, forming H II regions. The gas does not ionize evenly throughout the cloud, therefore there are randomly generated clumps of denser gas scattered throughout the cloud. These dense clumps are called evaporating gaseous globules (EGGs), and they are the starting point for the formation of an elephant trunk. The pillar shape is formed when the EGGs act as a shield for the gases that lay behind them from the stellar winds. Stellar winds are a continuous flow of gas that is ejected from the stars and causes the lighter and less dense gas to erode away. The EGGs and the column of gas "downwind" from them is the basic formation of an elephant trunk.
Structure.
Elephant trunks form on the outer wall of the H II region cloud. Astronomers can only study the structure of the surface of the trunks because the opaqueness of the gas obscures the internal core. The length of the columns are measured in light years, which is the distance that it takes light to travel in one year. Astronomers can calculate the densities and temperatures of the EGGs and the trunks by using infrared, millimeter, and radio observations. They have determined that elephant trunks have cold cores (20K) surrounded by warm gas (60K) with an outer hot shell (250-320K).
Examples.
Pillars of Creation.
The most famous example of an elephant trunk is the Pillars of Creation. NASA was able to produce a picture of this formation by compiling multiple images together taken from the Hubble Space Telescope. It is 7,000 light years away and located in the Eagle Nebula, which is a cluster of stars that are the same age in the constellation Serpens. There are multiple elephant trunks in the Pillars of Creation and one of the columns is around seven light years long. Astronomers have discovered that the Pillars of Creation no longer exist because they were destroyed 6,000 years ago by the shock waves of a stellar explosion called a supernova.
Rosette Nebula.
The Rosette Nebula is an example of an unusual shape that an elephant trunk can form. It has a double helix structure instead of the normal straight column. The double helix is caused by the presence of magnetic fields and electric currents lined up along the trunks axis. This makes the filaments of the columns wavy instead of straight like they are in normal trunks. These filaments wrap around each other rather than line up next to each other which forms the twisted structure.

</doc>
<doc id="31135313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135313" title="William Holliday (disambiguation)">
William Holliday (disambiguation)

William Holliday is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31135320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135320" title="Richie Norman">
Richie Norman

Richie Norman (born 5 September 1935 in Newcastle-upon-Tyne) is a former English footballer who is working as a physio at Football Conference Premier side Nuneaton Town.
He started his career at Horden Colliery Welfare, before joining Leicester City where he played for nearly 10 years. A brief spell at Peterborough United followed, before leaving the Football League to join Burton Albion.
During the late 1970s he worked under Colin Addison at Derby County.

</doc>
<doc id="31135321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135321" title="BQD">
BQD

BQD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31135326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135326" title="Arthur Galsworthy">
Arthur Galsworthy

Sir Arthur Norman Galsworthy Order of St Michael and St George (1 July 1916 – 7 October 1986) was a British soldier and diplomat. He was educated at Emanuel School and the University of Oxford. In 1967, he was established a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG).
In 1970, he was appointed by the British government to serve as the Governor of Pitcairn Islands and High Commissioner to New Zealand. In 1973, he was established the Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland, where he served from 1973–1976.
Personal background.
Galsworthy is the father of the diplomat, Sir Anthony Galsworthy. His brother, Sir John Galsworthy KCVO, CMG was the British Ambassador to Mexico 1972–1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31135339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135339" title="Civic Center (Miami)">
Civic Center (Miami)

Civic Center (also known as the Health District) is a neighborhood in the city of Miami, Florida USA. Civic Center is bound roughly by Northwest 20th Street and 14th Avenue to the northwest, the Dolphin Expressway and the Miami River to the south and west, and the Midtown Interchange and I-95 to the east.
Civic Center has the country's largest concentration of medical and research facilities after Houston. The neighborhood is composed primarily of hospitals, research institutes, clinics and government offices, and is the center of Miami's growing biotechnology and medical research industry. Civic Center is the home of the University of Miami (UM) Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine and the UM Life Science and Technology Park. Civic Center is approximately five minutes north of Downtown Miami via rapid transit on the Miami Metrorail.
History.
The neighborhood has its roots as a health district with the opening of Jackson Memorial Hospital in 1915, with some of the original buildings, such as "The Alamo" still standing. Today, the Alamo serves an era museum of Jackson's history throughout the years. Jackson Memorial Hospital is the major public hospital of Miami, and Jackson's hospital in Civic Center is the health system's primary hospital.
Hospitals and research institutes.
Civic Center is the center of Miami's medical, research and biotechnology industries, and as such is home to many of the city's largest hospital systems. The largest is the public hospital, Jackson Memorial Hospital, which also has two branch hospitals in northern and southern Miami-Dade County. Jackson has affiliations as teaching hospitals with the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine since 1952 and more recently with Florida International University Herbert Wertheim College of Medicine. Other hospitals include: Miami VA Medical Center, University of Miami Hospital (formerly Cedars Medical Center), and Holtz Children's Hospital.
Some of the research institutes in Civic Center are:
Transportation.
Civic Center is served by Metrobus throughout the area, and by the Miami Metrorail at:
Civic Center Station connects directly to all the major hospitals and research centers in Civic Center, and connects Civic Center to Downtown Miami, Dadeland, and Hialeah, as well as to Miami's commuter rail system, Tri-Rail. In March 2012, the new Miami Trolley system inaugurated its first route which passes through Civic Center on its way to the new Marlins Ballpark.

</doc>
<doc id="31135361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135361" title="Heroes (season 2)">
Heroes (season 2)

The NBC science fiction serial drama series "Heroes" follows the lives of people across the globe who possess various superhuman powers as they struggle to cope with their everyday lives and prevent foreseen disasters from occurring. The second season premiered on September 24, 2007. The second season was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 26, 2008. 
Within the seasons of "Heroes" are "volumes", which allow the writers to focus on shorter story arcs. The second season comprises a single volume of 11 episodes called "Generations".
The second season was designed to contain three volumes called "Generations", "Exodus", and "Villains". "Exodus" was scrapped due to in part to viewer criticism (some fans thought that the show had too slow of a build-up) but mainly due to the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike; whilst "Villains" was carried over to the show's third season. As a result, the second season consisted of only 11 episodes, 13 fewer than were originally ordered by NBC. Originally, the second season of "Heroes" was to be followed in April and May 2008 by six stand-alone episodes of a new series, "". The spin-off was intended as an alternative to a long mid-season hiatus, which led to a drop in ratings for "Heroes" in its first season. The project, which was later planned to be 12 episodes, was indefinitely postponed due to a decline in viewership and the strike and eventually cancelled.
Plot.
"Generations" begins four months after the events of Kirby Plaza. The main plot arc of "Generations" deals with the Company and its research on the Shanti virus. This research is explored through the Company's founders, whose identities are revealed, as well as through the effects of various strains of the virus. The heroes ultimately come together in an attempt to stop the release of a deadly strain of the virus and avert a global pandemic.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Reception.
The second season of "Heroes" was criticized by commentators and fans for a much slower pace, less engaging storyline and lack of focus compared to the first season. Milo Ventimiglia stated that "when there's a little bit of a delay, there's not that instant, rewarding scene or moment or episode... people get impatient, so it has been extremely important for them to strike a balance between giving and getting." In an interview with "Entertainment Weekly", "Heroes" creator Tim Kring commented on criticisms of season two, and the series' 15% decline in ratings. Kring said that he felt he had made mistakes with the direction of season two. He had thought that the audience was looking for a "build-up of characters and the discovery of their powers", when viewers were instead looking for "adrenaline." Kring also outlined what he felt were problems with plot development, stating that the second season "took too long to get to the big-picture story", explaining that Peter's vision of the viral armageddon should have occurred in the first episode instead of the seventh. He feels that it would have been better to introduce new characters within the context of the main storyline, as with Elle, rather than in unattached arcs such as that of Maya and Alejandro. Kring also admitted that he should have resolved the "Hiro in Japan" storyline much more quickly, and that the romantic stories are not working well. With regard to Claire and West, and Hiro and Yaeko, he said, "I've seen more convincing romances on TV. In retrospect, I don't think romance is a natural fit for us."
In season two, the opener was consistent in the ratings, however, week-by-week, the ratings continued to dive, reaching another new low for the series on episode seven, "Out of Time", with only 9.87 million viewers. Although the ratings were lower than average, this episode was considered to be a turning point for the declining season, as a major plot twist was introduced and the volume's "big picture storyline" was presented. The season two/volume 2 finale generated 11.06 million viewers in the ratings, down more than 3 million viewers from the season opener and series pilot.
Home media.
The DVD and Blu-ray was released on August 26, 2008 in Region 1.

</doc>
<doc id="31135372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135372" title="Théodore Dézamy">
Théodore Dézamy

Alexandre Théodore Dézamy (4 March 1808 – 24 July 1850) was a French socialist, a representative of the Neo-Babouvist tendency in early French communism, along with Albert Laponneraye, Richard Lahautière, Jacques Pillot and others. He was also an early associate of Louis-Auguste Blanqui. He and his colleagues formed a link between the extreme left wing of the French Revolution (Babeuf) and Marxism.
Life.
Alexandre Théodore Dézamy was born in Luçon (Vendée). He worked as a schoolteacher in Luçon before moving to Paris in the 1830s, where he became superintendent of a rooming house. Dézamy had already been developing ideas for a reorganisation of society on republican, communalistic and collectivist principles. He admired Gracchus Babeuf and Philippe Buonarroti and was influenced by the writing of the utopian communist Étienne Cabet. In Paris he joined Cabet's association and for a time worked as his secretary. He also contributed to Cabet's journal "Le Populaire". Dézamy also made contact with several revolutionary secret societies. In particular, he joined the 'Society of the Season' of Auguste Blanqui and Armand Barbès, which carried out an unsuccessful insurrection in 1839. Blanqui and Barbès went to prison, where they became enemies. Dézamy was arrested but in 1840, he was free and collaborated with Jacques Pillot and others in organising the first communist banquet at Belleville. (Banquets were a common way of circumventing prohibitions against political demonstrations, with oppositional speeches disguised as toasts; in the 1840s, republican opponents of the Orléanist monarchy organised a nationwide campaign of banquets, but most were liberal in orientation.)
Dézamy subsequently broke with Cabet, whom he considered too opportunistic and reformist; instead of appealing to the "bourgeoisie" for sympathy with the proletariat, as Cabet was doing, Dézamy thought the workers should organise themselves and achieve their own liberation. Instead of hoping for reforms from a benevolent monarch, workers should support a revolution and the establishment of a unitary, centralised, egalitarian republic. Dézamy also deplored Cabet's religiosity, seeing the Church as an enemy of the people. He envisaged a republic of federated communes, each comprising about 10,000 people and combining industrial, agricultural and cultural work. Private property was to be abolished; work was to be assigned on the basis of ability; goods were to be distributed on the basis of need. Dézamy combined this social system with militant anti-clericalism, atheism and a materialist metaphysics derived from d'Holbach. Dézamy called his system 'unitary communism' and propagated it in his own journal, "L'Égalitaire". In 1842 he published his best-known book, "Code de la Communauté." In "The Holy Family" (1844), Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels wrote that 'the more scientific French Communists, Dézamy, Gay and others, developed the teaching of materialism as the teaching of real humanism and the logical basis of communism.'
In 1846, Dézamy founded his own association, the 'Egalitarian Communists'. They devoted themselves to revolutionary propaganda and education among workers, in preparation for a revolution and the establishment of a communitarian society. They also tried to combat the influence of religious and reformist communists like Cabet and Lamennais. When the Revolution of 1848 occurred, Dézamy joined the newly liberated Blanqui in founding the 'Central Republican Society', one of the most radical republican socialist clubs of the period. Dézamy also launched a new journal, "Les Droits de l'Homme", with the slogan: 'Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, Association, Alliance of Peoples'. He also stood for elections to the National Assembly.
Louis Bonaparte became President in 1849 and the Second Republic took an increasingly conservative turn, with the Second Empire looming on the horizon. Dézamy returned to Luçon, where he died, aged 42. Besides Babeuf and Cabet, his ideas were also influenced by the eighteenth-century utopians Morelly and Mably and by Charles Fourier.
Works.
Dézamy's works are not generally available in English. His French works include:
"Question proposée par l'Académie des sciences morales et politiques : les nations avancent plus en connaissances, en lumières qu'en morale pratique..." Paris, L.-E. Herhan et Bimont, 1839.
"Conséquences de l'embastillement et de la paix à tout prix, dépopulation de la capitale, trahison du pouvoir." Paris, 1840.
"M. Lamennais réfuté par lui-même, ou Examen critique du livre intitulé "Du passé et de l'avenir du peuple"." Paris, 1841.
"Code de la communauté." Paris, Prévost, Rouannet, 1842.
"Calomnies et politique de M. Cabet. Réfutation par des faits et par sa biographie." Paris, Prévost, 1842.
"Dialogue sur la réforme électorale entre un communiste, un réformiste, un doctrinaire, un légitimiste." Paris, Prévot, 1842.
"Le Jésuitisme vaincu et anéanti par le socialisme, ou les Constitutions des Jésuites et leurs instructions secrètes en parallèle avec un projet d'organisation du travail." Paris, 1845.
"Examen critique des huit discours sur le catholicisme et la philosophie, prononcés à Notre-Dame, en décembre 1844 et en janvier 1845, par M. l'abbé Lacordaire ; précédé d'une notice historique sur l'ordre des Dominicains et de la biographie de M. l'abbé Lacordaire, Paris, les libraires, 1845, 35 pages
Organisation de la liberté et du bien-être universel..." Paris, Guarin, 1846.
Sources.
Billington, J.H., "Fire in the minds of men: origins of the revolutionary faith." New Jersey, 2009.
"The great Soviet Encyclopedia." Moscow, 1979.
Bravo, G.M., "Les Socialistes avant Marx." Paris, Éditions Maspero, Petite collection Maspero, 1979.
Tumminelli, R., "Dézamy e l'utopia sociale." Milan, A. Giuffrè, 1984.
Maillard, A., "La communauté des Égaux. Le communisme néo-babouviste dans la France des années 1840." Paris, Kimé, 1999.
Angenot, C., "Les Grands récits militants du XIXe et XXe siècles. Religions de l'humanité et sciences de l'histoire." Paris, L'Harmattan, 2000.
Garaudy, R., "Les Sources françaises du Socialisme scientifique." Paris, 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="31135380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135380" title="Edward Hartley">
Edward Hartley

Edward Robertshaw Hartley (1855–1918) was a British socialist politician.
Hartley began work in a mill at the age of ten, before becoming a warehouse clerk and then a butcher. He became an active socialist in 1885, in reaction to serious unemployment in his home town of Bradford. He was a founder member of the Bradford Labour Union and the Independent Labour Party (ILP). He stood for the party in Dewsbury at the 1895 UK general election, taking 10.4% of the vote, but was not elected. However, he did gain election to Bradford City Council that year, representing Manningham, and held his seat for over a decade. At the 1900 UK general election, he was nominated in Pudsey, but withdrew on the eve of the poll.
Hartley was intended as the ILP candidate for the Dewsbury by-election, 1902, with the support of the local trades council and the Labour Representation Committee, but the rival Social Democratic Federation (SDF) nominated Harry Quelch. Initially, neither candidate would withdraw, but the trades council convinced the ILP to drop Hartley's candidacy. Quelch did not gain the support of the local labour movement, nor of the ILP leadership. Angered by what he saw as pandering to the right-wing of the labour movement, Hartley actively supported Quelch's candidacy and joined the SDF. He founded a new SDF branch in Bradford, in 1904, and was elected to the SDF's executive for seven years, using the position to advocate socialist unity. Yet he remained part of the ILP group on Bradford Council, and was re-elected on the ILP ticket in Bradford Moor in 1905.
Hartley stood for the SDF in Bradford East at the 1906 UK general election, where he held joint meetings with Fred Jowett, Labour Party candidate for Bradford West, and he secured the support of the local ILP. He won 22.8% of the vote, but again missed election. He next stood for the party in the Newcastle by-election, 1908, then back in Bradford East in the January 1910 UK general election.
From 1910 until 1912, Hartley was the secretary of "The Clarion" Van Movement. He then toured Australia and New Zealand for eighteen months. On his return, he stood in the Leicester by-election, 1913. Sitting MP Ramsay Macdonald had persuaded the Labour Party not to stand a candidate, in the hope of a Liberal victory, but this enabled Hartley to attract the support of many ILP members, ultimately taking 11.4% of the vote. On the outbreak of World War I, Hartley became strongly pro-war and left the SDF to join the British Workers League, in the process losing most of his political support.

</doc>
<doc id="31135381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135381" title="Claude Antoine Compère">
Claude Antoine Compère

Claude Antoine Compère (21 May 1774 – 7 September 1812) was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars. He was killed at the Battle of Borodino.
He was the brother of the General Louis Fursy Henri Compère (1768–1833).

</doc>
<doc id="31135383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135383" title="John Galsworthy (diplomat)">
John Galsworthy (diplomat)

Sir John Edgar Galsworthy KCVO CMG was a British diplomat, ambassador to Mexico, 1972–1977, and counsellor to the UK delegation to the EEC. He was appointed in 1975. 
He was educated at Emanuel School and the University of Oxford, and served in World War II in the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry.
Galsworthy's brother, Sir Arthur Galsworthy KCVO, was the Governor of the Pitcairn Islands and High Commissioner to New Zealand from 1970-1973. In 1973, he was appointed Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland, where he served from 1973–1976. Arthur Galsworthy is the father of the diplomat, Sir Anthony Galsworthy. 

</doc>
<doc id="31135405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135405" title="Al Waddan Hotel">
Al Waddan Hotel

The Al Waddan Hotel opened in 1936 as the Uaddan Hotel & Casino. It is a historic hotel in Tripoli, Libya, located overlooking the bay, just east of Grand Hotel Tripoli. Historically it was the grandest hotel in Tripoli and was referenced by an American journalist as being "the Waldorf Astoria of Tripoli" and was also named "a jewel of modern African architecture". It was built in 1935 at the same time as the Hotel Al Mehari.It was designed by Italian architect Florestano Di Fausto, with the collaboration of Stefano Gatti-Casazza.It contained a casino and a 500 seat theatre.
It was recently completely restored as an international luxury hotel and is managed by InterContinental Hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="31135417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135417" title="Ahane, Brosna, Co. Kerry">
Ahane, Brosna, Co. Kerry

Ahane is four miles west of Brosna village in County Kerry. Three counties meet at Ahane: Kerry, Cork, and Limerick. The village consists mostly of dairy farming with about twenty houses in total. The combined acreage of Ahane is approximately three hundred acres.

</doc>
<doc id="31135419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135419" title="Laccabawn">
Laccabawn

Laccabawn is a townland north of Castleisland in the parish of Castleisland, County Kerry in the southwest of Ireland. It covers 350 statute acres approx of hilly up land. There is a national school.

</doc>
<doc id="31135423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135423" title="Anablatha">
Anablatha

Anablatha is a small townland in Ireland ten miles from Killarney, County Kerry. The land is of mixed quality.

</doc>
<doc id="31135424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135424" title="Edenburn">
Edenburn

Edenburn is a locality in Rockfield, in the parish of Ballymacelligott, County Kerry, in Ireland. Edenburn is situated between Tralee and Castleisland. There was a hospital in the area years ago which was known as Edenburn Hospital. Paul Simon was admitted there once in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31135425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135425" title="Maglass">
Maglass

Maglass is in the parish of Ballymacelligott, which is situated between two towns, Tralee and Castleisland, County Kerry, Ireland. Ballymacelligott is the biggest parish in Munster. Maglass is a farming area, the nearest shop and post office is approximately 1 mile from Maglass in Ballydwyer, the church is a further mile in Clogher, there is also a National School in Clogher.

</doc>
<doc id="31135428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135428" title="Dooneen Castleisland Co Kerry">
Dooneen Castleisland Co Kerry

Dooneen is approx two miles from Castleisland Co. Kerry on the main road to Limerick. The golf course which is well renowned for a great round of golf is also situated in Dooneen. There is also a wood called "Dooneen Wood" which is a lay by for tourists and for drivers who needs a break or families can have a picnic as there are tables provided for a well earned rest. The great journalist Con Houlihan was born in Dooneen and some of his family members lived there until recently.

</doc>
<doc id="31135441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135441" title="Household Cavalry Coach Troop">
Household Cavalry Coach Troop

The Household Cavalry Coach Troop is a unit of the British Army's Household Cavalry based at Combermere Barracks in Windsor. It consists of 6 Carriages with 6 Horses, a Head Coachman, a Second Coachman and 3 Grooms. 

</doc>
<doc id="31135456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135456" title="Egypt national beach soccer team">
Egypt national beach soccer team

The Egypt national beach soccer team represents Egypt in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Egyptian Football Association, the governing body for football in Egypt.
Current squad.
"Correct as of July 2009"
Coach: Badr El Din Mahmoud

</doc>
<doc id="31135458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135458" title="Jeffrey Gibson">
Jeffrey Gibson

Jeffrey A. Gibson (born March 31, 1972) is a Choctaw-Cherokee painter and sculptor.
Background.
Early life.
Born in Colorado, as a child his family moved frequently. As a youth he lived in Germany and Korea. Important to his role as an artist, press releases state that "This unique combination of cultural perspectives and exposure are essential to understanding Gibson’s artworks that combine and transform seemingly disparate references drawn from both Western and non-Western sources."
Higher education.
In 1995 Gibson earned his Bachelors of Fine Art from the Art Institute of Chicago. In 1998 he received his Masters of Fine Arts from the Royal College of Art, which was paid for by the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians. Gibson on this opportunity provided for him: "My community has supported me...My chief felt that me going there, being a strong artist, made him stronger."
Current life.
He is currently an Artist in Residence at Bard College and teaches in Studio Art. In 2010 he was a visiting artist at the California College of the Arts. He lives and works in Hudson, New York.
Fine art career.
Utopia was important for me to envision and relates to my being Native American and having grown up solely in a Western consumer culture. My desire to act out the role of an explorer depicting an inviting landscape, via painting and specimen retrieval, was a reaction to Native tribes’ being consistently described as part of a nostalgic and romantic vision of pre-colonized Indian life. The aesthetic of these paintings and sculptures came from turn-of-the-century Iroquois whimsies, contemporary and historic powwow regalia, cultural adornment of non-Western cultures, techno rave and club culture, and earlier utopian models.
Influences.
Gibson pulls influences from events that revolve around dancing, pulling inspiration from Leigh Bowery and his dramatic nightclub persona. Pow-wows, nightclubs, and raves provide contrasts as rural and urban venues, serving as spaces for dancing, movement, and dramatic fashion/regalia. Keeping with regalia, 19th-century Iroquois beadwork also provides inspiration, as colorful beads often find their way into Gibson's artworks. Gibson also provides his own spin on graffiti, which is seen frequently in his works.
He also credits his nomadic lifestyle as a major influence, bringing together what he describes as:
...varying aesthetics of each place. Some have had specific cultural aesthetics, language barriers, cultural barriers, etcetera. These differences funnel through me, a queer Native male born toward the end of the 20th century and entering the 21st century. I consider this hybrid in the construction of my work and attempt to show that complexity.
Works.
"Rawhide Paintings".
Gibson's current practice involves painting in oil and acrylic on rawhide-clad wood panels. He is recycling found objects such as antique shaving mirrors and ironing boards and coveres them in untanned deer-, goat-, or elkskin. Gibson combines domestic, Native American and Hard-edge modernist references. His punching bag made from found Everlast punching bags, US army wool blankets, glass beads, tin jingles and the artist's repurposed paintings exemplify the dialogue between US pop culture and Native traditions.
"Atmospheric landscapes".
Before that Gibson's most notable works, his at times 3-D wall abstracts, have been described as "atmospheric landscapes". Working in oil paint he also brings together objects that have become a signature to his works: pigmented silicon, urethane foam, and beads.
Airbrushing.
Airbrushing is another common tool used in his paintings, sculptures, and prints, incorporating oil paint and spray paint to create neon colored abstracts such as "Singular" (2008) and "Submerge" (2007). These works also find inspiration in graffiti, reflective of Gibson's urban life in New York City.
Totems.
Creating his own totem sculptures, in 2009 Gibson produced the "Totems" series for an exhibition at Sala Diaz in San Antonio, Texas. This series of sculptures involved Gibson arriving five days before the opening to put together a collection of found objects to create what have been described, by the artist, as "fantasy sex partners, objects of desire".
The "Totems" feature objects such as mannequins acquired from Craigslist, a wig, plastic flowers, toys, cowboy boots, flower pots, his signature spray paint and other objects. In the end Gibson created two human-like figures and a totem pole from the flower pots. Writer Ben Judson described "Totems" as way Gibson "uses the stereotyping of his own people as a way of exploring the use of metaphor in identity formation, cultural critique and consumerism without forfeiting lyricism or indulging in self-righteousness (apart, that is, from his press release)."
Creation process.
In order to keep regular studio hours, Gibson prefers to work between the hours of 10am and 6pm. His computer, cell phone and a movie are generally at his reach if a break is needed while working. Music usually plays in the background, sometimes random, sometimes a specific record with genres ranging from African funk, jazz, punk, pop music, rap, R&B, disco, as well as East Indian drumming.
Reception.
Gibson's abstract works have been compared to artists such as Martin Johnson Heade, Cy Twombly, Chris Ofili, and Indigenous Australian art. Artist and poet Jimmie Durham declared that Gibson "might be our Miles Davis", "our" referring to Native America. While some celebrate him as a Native artist, others celebrate his ability to move freely in and out of Native and non-Native contemporary art worlds.
Notable exhibitions.
Gibson has also exhibited at numerous events such as the New Art Dealers Alliance Fair, ARCOmadrid, as well as many private galleries and public institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31135465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135465" title="Brina Svit">
Brina Svit

Brina Švigelj-Mérat (alias, "Brina Svit"; born May 31, 1954 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian writer.
She studied French Philology and Comparative Literature at the University of Ljubljana, and she moved to Paris in 1980

</doc>
<doc id="31135509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135509" title="Parties in the European Council during 2011">
Parties in the European Council during 2011

This article describes the party affiliations of leaders of each member-state represented in the European Council during the year 2011. The list below gives the political party that each head of government, or head of state, belongs to at the national level, as well as the European political alliance to which that national party belongs. The states are listed from most to least populous. More populous states have greater influence in the council, in accordance with the system of Qualified Majority Voting.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31135524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135524" title="Andris Reiss">
Andris Reiss

Andris Reiss (Kuldīga, 10 March 1978) was a Latvian cyclist who had a brief professional career early in the 21st century.
Palmares.
1998
2000
2001 - Oktos-Saint-Quentin (France)
2002 - Index-Alexia Alluminio (Italy)

</doc>
<doc id="31135527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135527" title="Panther Bior">
Panther Bior

Panther Garang Bior is one of the 27,000 Lost Boys of Sudan. His journey was featured in the National Geographic Society's 2007 award-winning documentary, "God Grew Tired of Us" (executive produced by Brad Pitt and narrated by Nicole Kidman).
Biography.
Panther was born in the village of Mareng in Bor, Sudan (now in South Sudan) in 1981. In the late 1980s, Panther was far from his home watching cattle when his village was attacked by the Muslim Sudanese Government. Escaping to the jungle, Bior, along with the other "Lost Boys", spent the next five years trekking more than 1,000 miles barefoot throughout Kenya and Ethiopia, seeking refuge from the genocide, disease, and starvation. In an interview with the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, Panther described the hellish journey, "We were told to run east, through the desert, to Ethiopia," he says. "We were surviving by drinking the muddy water, and from the backs of leaves and whatever fruit we could find, maybe a little bit of grass. Many people lost their lives." Panther went on to describe how his best friend had been killed by a lion and his young nephew didn't survive the journey because his feet were torn up by the miles of walking, "We had to leave him in the desert," Bior says. "He died."
Finally arriving at Kakuma's refugee camp in Kenya, the "Lost Boys"' numbers had been dramatically decreased. In 2001, assisted by Catholic Charities, Panther was relocated to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania along with a number of other "Lost Boys" to start a new life in the United States.
Today.
Since first stepping foot on American soil, Panther Bior has been arduously working to get established in a new culture while struggling with a myriad of mixed emotions: Interviewed in the Pittsburgh Catholic, Panther said, "It gives one hope. Now we are in America. But we think of when we were in the desert, with no clothes. I flash back to how my brothers missed the chance to come to America...I have tears of joy and tears of sorrow," he said.
In 2005, Panther traveled back to Africa to marry his girlfriend, Nyanthiec. After the wedding he returned to the United States to fill out the necessary paperwork and begin the financial struggles of bringing his wife to the U.S. Three years later, he brought her back to the United States. Bior is currently living with his wife and two children in Pittsburgh. Graduating from Point Park University with a B.S. in Accounting, Panther is pursuing his master degree in Organizational Leadership. Bior works for the Bank of New York Mellon (BNYM) as an accounting analyst.
As featured in the "Take Action" section of "God Grew Tired of Us", Bior is intent upon building a school in his home village of Mareng. In the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Panther is quoted as saying, "We need connections, just like the connections that brought us over from Africa." With such connections and now armed with a solid education, Panther has high hopes for the future of his homeland. "My country’s rich, got a lot of oil, got a lot of gold. But our people don’t know how to exploit them. So I have to come there, build a school, tell people the direction. And I can tell there’s--there’s improvement I’m bringing in the world." Panther is partnering with "Heaven's Family", an international ministry based out of Pittsburgh, in an effort to build a school in his homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="31135544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135544" title="Josep Tolosa">
Josep Tolosa

Josep Tolosa i Carreras, (Girona, November 28, 1826 – Barcelona, April 28, 1916) was a Catalan physician, chess writer and player.
He was a pupil of Joan Carbó i Batlle, and master of Josep Paluzie i Lucena and Valentí Marín i Llovet. He was a member in the chess clubs of "Café del Recreo" and "Cafè Anglès" .

</doc>
<doc id="31135551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135551" title="Leybourne Lakes Country Park">
Leybourne Lakes Country Park

Leybourne Lakes Country Park is near Snodland, in Kent, England. The park, which opened in 2004, was created from disused gravel pits that have been flooded and landscaped to make fishing and wildlife lakes.
History.
In the 1930s a river fed from Leybourne, led past the small hamlet of Lunsford (part of Larkfield) and then past Ham Hill (part of Snodland) to feed into the River Medway.
Snodland was once a centre of industry along the river, with papermaking and chalk quarries being the main employers in the town. One of the former chalk pits located near to the River Medway, became Brookland Lake.
A public footpath leads from Snodland, past Brookland Lake into Leybourne Lakes.
The village of Larkfield (to the south of the lakes) has expanded rapidly since the M20 motorway was constructed in the 1970s and it continues to grow, with new housing developments being built. Mineral extraction also ceased in the 1970s. The gravel pits and surrounding area were designated as a Site of Nature Conservation Interest (SNCI). 
The site was identified in the 'Tonbridge and Malling Local Plan' for development into a country park, with the partnership of Berkeley Homes.
The housing development of 'The Lakes in Leybourne' by Berkeley Homes (seen in the photos), was created beside one of the disused gravel pits that had been turned into man-made lakes. The decision to build on this area was unpopular with some Larkfield residents, but the remaining lakes were turned into a country park and nature reserve to offset the impact of this new housing. 
The lakes and reserve were later handed over to Tonbridge and Malling Borough Council in 2004. 
They are the current owners and maintain the lakes and paths.
Facilities.
The of lakes now provide a peaceful location for wildlife and birdwatching, whilst also allowing watersports enthusiasts the opportunity to windsurf, canoe and kayak in the man-made lakes. Diving also takes place in one of the lakes.
Around the lakes are a series of woods and gentle trails, popular with dogwalkers and recreational walkers.
A small charge is payable for use of car parking, situated close to the visitor centre. Mobile caterers provide refreshments during the summer.
The nearby lakes (to the west and north of the park) are mainly used for private angling.

</doc>
<doc id="31135566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135566" title="Dennis M. Jones">
Dennis M. Jones

Dennis M Jones (born in Marshall, Illinois) is an American businessman and pharmaceutical magnate, best known as the founder of Jones Pharma and Dennis M. Jones Family Foundation. 

</doc>
<doc id="31135571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135571" title="FlyFactorSurvey">
FlyFactorSurvey

FlyFactorSurvey is a database of Drosophila transcription factors primarily determined using the bacterial one-hybrid system.

</doc>
<doc id="31135573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135573" title="Jeremy Moore (baseball)">
Jeremy Moore (baseball)

Jeremy Jerome Moore (born June 29, 1987) is a professional baseball outfielder in the Tampa Bay Rays organization. He previously played in Major League Baseball for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in 2011. He is 5-foot 11-inches
Professional career.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Moore was drafted by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim out of North Caddo High School in the 6th round of the 2005 MLB Draft. With the AA Arkansas Travelers in 2010 he hit .303 with 13 homers and 61 RBI and was selected as a Texas League All-Star.
He was called up to the Angels on September 1, 2011 and made his debut as a pinch hitter against the Minnesota Twins on September 2, flying out to left field. He recorded his fist Major League hit on a weak single to third off Michael Gonzalez of the Texas Rangers on September 27. It was his only hit in 8 at-bats that season. He subsequently missed the entire 2012 season after undergoing hip surgery.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
He signed as a minor league free agent with the Los Angeles Dodgers on December 27, 2012. He got a late start due to his recovery from injury but eventually reported to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes. He was later demoted to the AA Chattanooga Lookouts. He played in 80 games combined in the Dodgers minor league system in 2013, and hit only .211 with 7 homers and 31 RBI.
Tampa Bay Rays.
Moore signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Rays in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31135577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135577" title="Radisson Blu Al Mahary Hotel Tripoli">
Radisson Blu Al Mahary Hotel Tripoli

The Radisson Blu Al Mahary Hotel Tripoli is a modern tourist hotel in Tripoli, Libya, near Grand Hotel Tripoli. It was built in 1989 and completely remodeled in 2009 to international standards as part of Radisson Hotels. It is located on the site of the earlier Hotel del Mehari , built in 1935, at the same time as the nearby Hotel Casinò Uaddan.Like the Uaddan, it was designed by Italian architect Florestano Di Fausto, with the collaboration of Stefano Gatti-Casazza.According to Brian McLaren in his book "Architecture and tourism in Italian colonial Libya", the hotel "provided a fusion of the indigenous architecture of Tripoli with a modern aesthetic that responded to the demand for a metropolitan standard of comfort, typical to colonial tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="31135581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135581" title="2011 IAAF World Race Walking Challenge">
2011 IAAF World Race Walking Challenge

The 2011 IAAF World Race Walking Challenge was the 9th edition of the annual international race walking competition organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF). Ten meetings were scheduled for the competition: the race walk events at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, five IAAF permit meetings, and four area permit meetings.
Athletes who gained enough points from competing at these meetings were entered into the IAAF World Race Walking Challenge Final, where they competed for a total pot of US $200,000 in prize money. Reigning Olympic champions Valeriy Borchin and Olga Kaniskina won the final race and the series.
Calendar.
The following ten meetings, as well as the competition final, formed the schedule of the 2011 World Race Walking Challenge. The "A" category meetings are worth the most points, with progressively fewer points being available through the "B" and "C" categories.

</doc>
<doc id="31135597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135597" title="'Azazme">
'Azazme

The 'Azazme are a Bedouin tribe whose grazing territory used to be the desert around the wells at El Auja and Bir Ain on the border between Israel and Egypt.
During the 19th century the 'Azazme fought as allies with the Tarabin in their war against the Tiyaha. Subsequently they were in a land dispute with the Tarabin, "the War of Zari", which lasted for several years until the founding of modern Beersheba and the extension of Ottoman authority. In April 1875 Lieut. Claude R. Conder, who was surveying Gaza District for the Palestine Exploration Fund, reported a "fierce contest" going on around Beersheba between the 'Azazme and the Tiyaha.
An early twentieth century explorer reported that one of the favorite grazing grounds belonging to the 'Azazme was a strip of hilly country eight miles in width between Wady Jeraafy and Wady Ubaira, 115 km south of Beersheba. He describes the land as "well grown with bush and grass."
In the early 20th century the 'Azazme established a village at al-Khalasa which was the site of an ancient Nabatean settlement on the route between Gaza and Petra.
In 1930 they were reported to number 10,000, divided into ten sub-sections. The writer states that "they are of dark complexion, and conspicuous for honesty and patient bearing in adversity, and they will do their utmost for the guest ... Their women herd the flocks, and they are much addicted to the abduction of women. Scarcity of grazing compels them to a wandering life more than other tribes. The area over which they wander is spacious, but affords little opportunity for cultivation: yet they grow a little wheat and barley, and a few of them cultivate millet and water melons."
In 1948 the 'Azazme numbered around 3,500. During 1950 the entire tribe was driven from the area around El Auja. In a series of raids the IDF burnt tents and shot at anyone approaching the wells. The IAF was used to strafe encampments. On 28 September 1953 the IDF established the kibbutz Ktzi'ot on land claimed by the 'Azazme.
A UN investigation into the murder of eleven Israelis at Scorpion Pass, 17 March 1954, found that the killings were committed by men from the 'Azazme who had joined a group known as the "Black Hand" gang, based at Qussaima. Despite the evidence that the attackers came from across the Egyptian border the IDF launched a reprisal raid against Nahalin in the West Bank.
Prior to 1948 one section of the 'Azazme lived in Wadi Al-Akhdar, 'the green valley', between Bir Saba' and Faluja. In the early 1950s the Israeli army moved them to the hills south of Hebron. In 1969 they crossed the border into Wadi Araba but the Jordanian authorities refused to let them proceed any further fearing a general exodus of Bedouins from the Negev. They were also refused refugee status. Many of them were expelled by Ariel Sharon in January 1972 from the area of Abu-Ageila in a secret operation conducted in late January 1972.
There are at least nine Israeli settlements on land claimed by the 'Azazme, including the military camp and prison at Ktzi'ot and the town and nuclear plant at Dimona.
'Azazme population centres in Israel include: Wadi al-Na'am, an unrecognised village with a population of 5,000; Shaqib al-Salam established in 1979 as part of a government program of establishing permanent Bedouin settlements, population 6,500; Bir Hadaj, recognised in 2004, population 5,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31135603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135603" title="Tony Brown's Journal">
Tony Brown's Journal

"Tony Brown's Journal" is a PBS American talk show hosted by conservative journalist Tony Brown.
Overview.
Television talk show series featuring interviews with contemporary newsmakers of special interest to the African American community.

</doc>
<doc id="31135624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135624" title="1998–99 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
1998–99 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 1998–1999 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 1998-1999 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Melbourne from 25 July through 1 August 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31135631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135631" title="Shikhar Ghosh">
Shikhar Ghosh

Shikhar Ghosh is the MBA Class of 1961 Senior Lecturer in the Entrepreneurial Management Unit at the Harvard Business School. He teaches an MBA course called The Entrepreneurial Manager. Shikhar has been a successful entrepreneur for the last 20 years. He has been the founder and CEO or Chairman of eight technology-based entrepreneurial companies and was the past Chairman of the Massachusetts Technology Leadership Council and The Indus Entrepreneurs - two leading entrepreneurial organizations. He was selected by BusinessWeek as one of the best Entrepreneurs in the US, Forbes as one of the ‘Masters of the Internet Universe’ and Fortune as the CEO of one of the 10 most innovative companies in the US. Companies he founded were selected as both the ‘hottest’ and ‘coolest’ emerging companies by business publications.
Early life.
Shikhar received his undergraduate degree from the University of Bombay. Subsequently, he received his MBA from the Harvard Business School in 1980.
Career.
Shikhar joined the Boston Consulting Group in 1980 after completing his MBA. At BCG he focused on organization and innovation in large organization. He was elected a worldwide partner of the firm in 1987. Shikhar left BCG in 1988 to become CEO of Appex, an early-stage venture backed company that built the inter-carrier infrastructure for the US mobile phone industry. Appex provided centralized services that enabled independent mobile carriers to operate as a single seamless network. Appex’s services included call forwarding across carriers, fraud prevention services, billing and customer service. Appex was bought by EDS in 1990. By the time Shikhar left in 1993, Appex’s revenues exceeded $100m with an order backlog of over $1 billion. It was selected by BusinessWeek as the fastest growing private company in the US.
Shikhar founded Open Market in 1993. Open Market was one of the pioneering companies in the commercialization of the Internet. It built the first commercial infrastructure for enabling secure commerce on the Internet and provided the software and services that enabled companies like Time Warner and AT&T to offer their services on the Internet. Open Market was one of the first internet companies to go public. It was selected by numerous business publications as one of the companies that helped to make the Internet what it is today.
After leaving Open Market Shikhar has been the founder, CEO or Chairman of several companies in the wireless, payment, Internet marketing and online retailing industries. He has worked in all facets of the entrepreneurial process – starting companies with technical teams, providing and raising capital with venture capitalists, buying and selling companies, or taking them public and closing down unsuccessful companies. His ideas and interviews have multiple media. He has been a keynote speaker in numerous conferences on innovation, entrepreneurship, digital media and on the future of the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="31135644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135644" title="National Museum of the Union">
National Museum of the Union

The National Museum of the Union () is a history and archaeology museum in Alba-Iulia, Romania.
History.
The museum was inaugurated in 1888 upon the initiative of the Historical, Archaeological and Natural Sciences Society of the Lower Alba County, having the famous archaeologist Adalbert Cserni as headmaster.
In 1929, under the aegis of the ASTRA Association, it was organized as the "Museum of the Union". Valuable artefacts further enriched the rich archaeological collections and a new collection of items belonging to the modern history of the Romanians was added. In 1938, under the lead of the historian Ion Berciu, the settlement came to be managed by the Romanian state under the new name of "Alba Regional Museum".
In 1968, it underwent an ample reorganization, returning to its former name.
Buildings.
The "Babylon" building is a historic monument built between 1851 and 1853, bearing influences of Romantic architecture.
It was used as a residence pavilion for officers, and between 1967 and 1968, it was refurbished to become a museum.
The "Union Hall" (Sala Unirii) was built between 1898 and 1900. It is the building where The Great National Assembly voted the Union of Transylvania with Romania.
Both buildings of the museum are listed as historic monuments.
Collections.
It is worth mentioning bronze deposits of Cugir, Ighiel, Zlatna and Vintu de Jos, as well as the pottery, the zoomorphic idols and the iron, bronze and stone tools, discovered in the fortified great settlement of Teleac. Especially interesting are the marble statuette depicting Liber Pater, the bronze collection, the glass collection, bone, horn and ivory objects as well as the monetary hoards from Alba Iulia, Tibru, Geomal, Șpring and Medves. These include the silver hoard from Lupu and the materials discovered in the Princely tomb of Cugir. The numismatic collection includes ancient, medieval and modern coins, plaques and coins.
The modern history collection contains documents, photographs, memorial objects from the Revolution of 1848 and the Union of the 1 December 1918 of Transylvania with Romania.
The museum owns goods listed in the Romanian National Cultural Heritage Treasure.

</doc>
<doc id="31135649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135649" title="A Kingdom Besieged">
A Kingdom Besieged

A Kingdom Besieged is the first novel in the "The Chaoswar Saga" trilogy by Raymond E. Feist, the final saga in the The Riftwar Cycle. The novel was announced by Feist on February 27, 2008, and was released on April 12, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31135657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135657" title="Palauan casino referendum, 2011">
Palauan casino referendum, 2011

A referendum on legalising casino establishments was held in Palau on 22 June 2011. The proposal was rejected by 75.5% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="31135722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135722" title="Valentí Marín">
Valentí Marín

Valentí Marín i Llovet (Barcelona, January 17, 1872 – "ididem", December 7, 1936) was a Catalan notary, chess writer and player.
He was in the Spanish team in the 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad of Paris, in 1st Chess Olympiad of London, in the 2nd Chess Olympiad of The Hague, in the 3rd Chess Olympiad of Hamburg and in the 4th Chess Olympiad in Prague; and he was president of the "Federación Española de Ajedrez" ("Chess Spanish Federation", FEDA).

</doc>
<doc id="31135735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135735" title="Thomas Fellowes">
Thomas Fellowes

Thomas Fellowes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31135736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135736" title="Hotel Tobruk">
Hotel Tobruk

Hotel Tobruk is a historic hotel in Tobruk, Libya. It was built in 1937.It provided shelter for Erwin Rommel during the Siege of Tobruk in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31135764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135764" title="Fellowsville, West Virginia">
Fellowsville, West Virginia

Fellowsville is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States. Fellowsville is located at the junction of U.S. Route 50 and West Virginia Route 26 south-southeast of Newburg.

</doc>
<doc id="31135767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135767" title="List of largest reservoirs in the United States">
List of largest reservoirs in the United States

This is a list of largest reservoirs in the United States, including all artificial lakes with a capacity greater than or equal to . Figures given are for maximum storage capacity (flood pool) of reservoirs, not regular storage volume (conservation pool). This difference is significant in reservoirs such as Kentucky Lake, whose full capacity is nearly three times that of its conservation pool.
Due to sedimentation and other factors that affect a reservoir's storage capacity over time, some data listed might not accurately reflect actual current conditions in certain reservoirs. For example, Lake Mead – the largest reservoir in the U.S. – could store more than 32.4 million acre-feet (40.1 km3) when first filled, but sediment accumulation has reduced this to 28.9 million acre-feet (35.7 km3).
This list currently contains 122 entries; it is a work in progress and will be updated as new data and sources are found.

</doc>
<doc id="31135791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135791" title="Split normal distribution">
Split normal distribution

In probability theory and statistics, the split normal distribution also known as the two-piece normal distribution results from joining at the mode the corresponding halves of two normal distributions with the same mode but different variances. It is claimed by Johnson et al. that this distribution was introduced by Gibbons and Mylroie and by John. But these are two of several independent rediscoveries of the Zweiseitige Gauss'sche Gesetz introduced in the posthumously published Kollektivmasslehre (1897) of Gustav Theodor Fechner (1801-1887).
(\sigma_2-\sigma_1)\left[\left(\frac{4}{\pi}-1\right)(\sigma_2-\sigma_1)^2 + \sigma_1 \sigma_2\right]</math>
Definition.
The split normal distribution arises from merging two opposite halves of two probability density functions (PDFs) of normal distributions in their common mode.
The PDF of the split normal distribution is given by
where
Discussion.
The split normal distribution results from merging two halves of normal distributions. In a general case the 'parent' normal distributions can have different variances which implies that the joined PDF would not be continuous. To ensure that the resulting PDF integrates to 1, the normalizing constant A is used.
In a special case when formula_4 the split normal distribution reduces to normal distribution with variance formula_5.
When σ2≠σ1 the constant A it is different from the constant of normal distribution. However, when formula_4 the constants are equal.
The sign of its third central moment is determined by the difference (σ2-σ1). If this difference is positive, the distribution is skewed to the right and if negative, then it is skewed to the left.
Other properties of the split normal density were discussed by Johnson et al. and Julio.
Alternative formulations.
The formulation discussed above originates from John. The literature offers two mathematically equivalent alternative parameterizations . Britton, Fisher and Whitley offer a parameterization if terms of mode, dispersion and normed skewness, denoted with formula_7. The parameter μ is the mode and has equivalent to the mode in John’s formulation. The parameter σ 2>0 informs about the dispersion (scale) and should not be confused with variance. The third parameter, γ ∈ (-1,1), is the normalized skew.
The second alternative parameterization is used in the Bank of England’s communication and is written in terms of mode, dispersion and unnormed skewness and is denoted with formula_8. In this formulation the parameter μ is the mode and is identical as in John’s and Britton, Fisher and Whitley’s formulation. The parameter σ 2 informs about the dispersion (scale) and is the same as in the Britton, Fisher and Whitley’s formulation. The parameter ξ equals the difference between the distribution’s mean and mode and can be viewed as unnormed measure of skewness.
The three parameterizations are mathematically equivalent, meaning that there is a strict relationship between the parameters and that it is possible to go from one parameterization to another. The following relationships hold:
Multivariate Extensions.
The multivariate generalization of the split normal distribution was proposed by Villani and Larsson. They assume that each of the principal components has univariate split normal distribution with a different set of parameters μ, σ2 and σ1.
Estimation of parameters.
John proposes to estimate the parameters using maximum likelihood method. He shows that the likelihood function can be expressed in an intensive form, in which the scale parameters σ1 and σ2 are a function of the location parameter μ. The likelihood in its intensive form is:
and has to be maximized numerically with respect to a single parameter μ only.
Given the maximum likelihood estimator formula_11 the other parameters take values:
where N is the number of observations.
Villani and Larsson propose to use either maximum likelihood method or bayesian estimation and provide some analytical results for either univariate and multivariate case.
Applications.
The split normal distribution has been used mainly in econometrics and time series. A remarkable area of application is the construction of the fan chart, a representation of the inflation forecast distribution reported by inflation targeting central banks around the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="31135808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135808" title="1906 Bolshevik raid on the Tsarevich Giorgi">
1906 Bolshevik raid on the Tsarevich Giorgi

The 1906 Bolshevik raid on the "Tsarevich Giorgi" took place on September 20, 1906 (Julian calendar) when "Tsarevich Giorgi", 2,200 ton steamship measuring 285 feet led by captain Sinkevich, was travelling from Odessa to Batum carrying vast amounts of money. The ship stopped off at Novorossiysk, Sukhum and New Athos for wage deliveries. Twenty-five Bolshevik gunmen led by Joseph Stalin slipped aboard armed with Mausers and grenades. At 1:15 am they and four renegade sailors took over the ship.
Stalin said: "We're revolutionaries through and through, not criminals. We need cash for the Revolution and we'll take only Treasury funds. Obey my commands and ther'll be no bloodshed. But if you're thinking of resisting, we'll kill you all and blow up the ship."
They stole at least 16,000 roubles, Stalin left each sailor a 10 rouble tip for not resisting. The officers were held hostage in a lifeboat till all the cash was delivered, the sailors then rowed the Bolsheviks ashore. 
The alarm was not raised for seven hours, none of them were caught.

</doc>
<doc id="31135809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135809" title="Toronto Choral Society">
Toronto Choral Society

The Toronto Choral Society was founded in 1845. Music was a hugely popular form of entertainment for a rapidly growing and prosperous population, so a group of citizens formed a choral society in order to give concerts and foster the development of the local musical community. F.W. Barron, the headmaster of Upper Canada College, became the choir’s first president, and James P. Clarke, organist at St. James Cathedral, was its first conductor.
1845 to 1900.
The Choral Society’s debut concert took place at the opening of St. George the Martyr Church on June 25, 1845, with a diverse program including selections from Beethoven, Handel, Mozart and Rossini. That October, the choir’s second concert helped commemorate the King’s College Triennial, and the choir established the tradition of performing two concerts a year.
When Toronto’s first streetcar line opened in 1861, the TCS was there to celebrate the occasion. In 1863, the choir performed at the opening of one of Toronto’s most beloved concert venues – Massey Hall. In 1872, the Toronto Choral Society presented the city’s very first performance of Handel’s Messiah – more than a century after the work was written. In 1860, TCS became a non-auditioned ensemble and that tradition also continues to this day.
On his retirement in 1872, conductor James P. Clarke was succeeded by an equally distinguished musician, Dr. Edward Fisher, founder of the Toronto Conservatory of Music. He presented Mendelssohn’s Athalie in the Horticultural Gardens Pavilion, in what is now Allan Gardens. That venue continued to be used for special occasions such as the first concert of the season. 
In its early years, TCS actually commissioned and performed new compositions. Francesco D’Auria, who assumed the conductor’s post in 1892, directed the choir that year in the premiere of his own work Gulnare, with words by Mrs. Edgar Jarvis.
1900 to Present.
The records are incomplete for the first half of the 20th century, it is known that the tenor and bass sections were depleted during the Second World War. Public performances were suspended, and, for a time, so was the Toronto Choral Society.
In 1986, the Toronto Choral Society resumed operations under the direction of Eric Hanbury, organist and choirmaster at St. Peter’s Anglican Church. The choir resumed the tradition of two major performances a year, occasionally interspersed with smaller community concerts. Mr. Hanbury led the choir in works by Mendelssohn, Bach, Wesley, Bruchner, Pinkham, and Rutter, as well as compositions by Canadian composers such as George Fox and Healey Willan.
In 1990, Maura McGroarty, a classically trained singer and choral specialist, became the Toronto Choral Society’s director. Her vocal expertise helped the choir’s singers, most of whom have little formal musical training, to learn important technical elements of choral singing. Under Ms. McGroarty, the choir performed works by Handel, Bach, Rutter, and Healey Willan, and explored Canadian and American folk songs as well as other light, popular works.
In 1994, leadership of the Toronto Choral Society was assumed by Geoffrey Butler. Under his guidance, TCS has expanded in new directions, performing a variety of sacred, secular, and popular vocal compositions from around the world.
In 1996, TCS celebrated its sesquicentennial with a concert that returned the choir to its roots. The program revisited 1845 and two important social movements of the time: Irish immigration to the New World, and the escape of American slaves to Canada via the Underground Railroad. Combining traditional Irish music and African American spirituals with historical readings, this was one of the most popular in the choir’s history and was repeated, by popular demand, in 2001.
Other notable performances have included Ramirez’s Navidad Nuestr, Vivaldi’s Gloria, Britten’s Ceremony of Carols (with harp and children’s chorus), Mozart’s Requiem, Beethoven’s Choral Fantasy in C Minor, performed with the Oakville Symphony Orchestra at Oakville’s annual Waterfront Festival, and Carl Orff’s Carmina Burana. In 2004, the choir reprised Handel’s Messiah.

</doc>
<doc id="31135812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135812" title="Tyson Gordon">
Tyson Gordon

Tyson George Gordon (born 31 January 1982) is a Jamaican-born Canadian cricketer. Gordon is left-handed batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium, and who currently plays international cricket for Canada. He was born in Saint Mary, Jamaica.
Gordon played a single List A match for his native Jamaica against the touring South Africans in May 2005. In his maiden List A match he scored 70 runs before being dismissed by Shaun Pollock. This was the highest score in the Jamaican innings. He later moved to Canada and made his senior debut for Canada against Trinidad and Tobago in the 2010 Caribbean Twenty20. Gordon played in the following seasons competition, playing all of Canada's fixtures in the tournament. Tyson was selected as part of Canada's 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup squad, having only qualified to play international cricket days before the tournament.
Gordon made his One Day International and List A debut for Canada against Sri Lanka at the Mahinda Rajapaksa International Stadium. Gordon made 4 runs from 10 balls in the match, being dismissed by Nuwan Kulasekara. This set the picture for a disappointing tournament with the bat for Gordon, with his average after four ODI's just 5.75.

</doc>
<doc id="31135815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135815" title="Tobruk Power Station">
Tobruk Power Station

Tobruk Power Station is a power station in Tobruk, Libya. It is located near the harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="31135858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135858" title="Kitechild">
Kitechild

Kitechild is a 501©3 non-profit organization transforming the lives of orphaned children through sustainable micro-projects. The organization partners with orphanage homes that are struggling to provide adequate care for their children, and develops micro-projects targeting critical needs such as food security, access to education, and quality of care. Kitechild's overall mission is to improve the quality of life for children who have no recourse but to live in an orphanage, through access to education, healthcare, and loving caregivers. 
The organization was founded in March of 2010 by two UCLA graduates seeking to raise awareness on the poor living conditions for children residing in orphanages, and provide tangible calls to action to supporters through project based change. The website officially launched to the public in December of 2010. 
Examples of current and past projects include chicken coops, solar panel installations, pig farms, tilapia farms, and the building of schools, all within the context of orphanages where orphan and vulnerable children reside. The organization employs crowdfunding through their website to fund the cost of each project, from raw material, labor, maintenance, and monitoring. In each country where Kitechild operates, a local liaison is employed to monitor and evaluate the projects and report progress/issues back to the organization. 
Projects normally reduce operating costs for the home, or generate income, and these funds are also reallocated towards improving the quality of life for the children. In 2010, Kitechild’s first project funded a CPR and first aide training for orphanage staff through the Kenyan red cross. Other notable projects include water filters in Nairobi homes providing clean water access to over 200 children, and a Tilapia farm in Honduras producing healthy protein and veggies for the children, which the orphanage could not afford otherwise.
Kitechild is currently partnered with Google One Today, a crowdfunding mobile app for non-profits. 

</doc>
<doc id="31135868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135868" title="Clement Throckmorton (died 1663)">
Clement Throckmorton (died 1663)

Sir Clement Throckmorton (c 1630 - 10 November 1663) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1656 and 1663.
Throckmorton was the son of Sir Clement Throckmorton of Haseley Warwickshire, and his wife Lettice Fisher, daughter of Sir Clement Fisher of Packington, Warwickshire.
In 1656, Throckmorton was elected Member of Parliament for Warwick in the Second Protectorate Parliament. 
In 1660, Throckmorton was elected MP for Warwick in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted on 11 September 1660. In 1661 he was re-elected MP for Warwick for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until his death

</doc>
<doc id="31135874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135874" title="Gavestinel">
Gavestinel

Gavestinel (GV-150,526) is a drug which acts as an NMDA antagonist, binding selectively to the glycine site on the NMDA receptor complex, rather than the glutamate site many NMDA antagonists bind to. It is neuroprotective in animal studies and has been researched for the treatment of stroke, progressing as far as Phase II clinical trials in humans before being dropped for lack of efficacy. Gavestinel lacks phencyclidine-like behavioural effects in animals and is considered unlikely to possess any abuse potential in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="31135878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135878" title="Professional Dreamers (album)">
Professional Dreamers (album)

Professional Dreamers is the fifth album by the Swedish hip hop group Looptroop Rockers. It was released in 2011 by Bad Taste Records. It is the first album released after the comeback of band member CosM.I.C., and the second one released under the name "Looptroop Rockers".

</doc>
<doc id="31135883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135883" title="Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque">
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque

Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31135900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135900" title="Edith Creek Chlorination House">
Edith Creek Chlorination House

The Edith Creek Chlorination House is a historic structure in Mount Rainier National Park, built by the National Park Service in 1930. The rustic structure was built as part of the water supply system to the Paradise area. The low concrete building with stone veneer cladding was built to withstand very heavy snow loads. It was fed by a small dam on Edith Creek, which was replaced in 1970. The chlorination house contained equipment to chorinate the water from this source and to regulate the level of the reservoir. 
The Edith Creek Chlorination House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31135906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135906" title="Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque (Dubai)">
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque (Dubai)

Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque is a mosque in Dubai, just to the northwest of Dubai Museum. Lonely Planet describes it as a "simple yet striking mosque in the textile area of Bur Dubai Souq" and is notable for its "sensuous, bulbous domes and gently tapering minaret." 

</doc>
<doc id="31135920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135920" title="La Fave Block">
La Fave Block

The La Fave Block is located at the intersection of East Cooper Avenue and South Hunter Street in Aspen, Colorado, United States. It is a brick commercial building erected in the late 1880s, during the initial mining boom that created Aspen. Today it is the second oldest brick commercial building in the city, and, along with its neighbors on East Cooper, the only structure left built by Frank LaFave, one of Aspen's early settlers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Its ornate Victorian architecture and idiosyncratic fenestration has survived, and it has become one of the most valuable commercial properties in contemporary Aspen due to its location a short distance from the Aspen Mountain ski resort's main lifts. At one point in the 20th century it was the office of an important local architect; and later a ski shop run by Olympic gold medalist Stein Eriksen. Its primary tenant is a clothing store run by Leonard "Boogie" Weinglass, the man said to have inspired a character portrayed by Mickey Rourke. In 2008 it sold for $14.6 million.
Building.
The La Fave Block is located on the intersection's southwest corner. Its official address is 405 S. Hunter. It is in the developed area of downtown Aspen a block north of the gondola's bottom terminal across East Durant Avenue and a block west of the pedestrian mall along East Cooper between South Mill and South Galena streets. An alley connects South Galena and South Hunter just south of the block. 
The land is level, with the slopes of Aspen Mountain beginning just south of the gondola station. The surrounding neighborhood is heavily developed. On the corners to the north and northeast are modern commercial buildings, also of brick, housing restaurants. Across South Hunter is the Aspen Square Hotel, a modern brick four-story condominium hotel complex. To the east are two other late 19th-century brick buildings. Mature trees, one of them taller than the building have been planted along the sidewalk to provide shade. 
The building itself is a two-story structure of brick painted light yellow topped by a wide bracketed wooden molded cornice painted green and purple. The north and west facades, along the streets, are joined by an oblique section with the main entrance. Above it a small pediment with "1888", the year of the building's construction, set in large letters in its entablature.
At three bays, the northern facade is the shorter of the two. The first story windows are irregular save for their large transoms and the dual recessed panels underneath. On the north, The two eastern windows, separated by a mullion, have a large single pane with double-pane transoms. To their west is a large four-pane window without transom. The main entrance, at the corner, has two tall narrow windows over small square panels and a three-pane transom. To its south is a window exactly like the other flanking window. The entire storefront is topped by a small metal-roofed cornice with brackets echoing those at the roofline.
South of the storefront, the west facade is blank for several bays until a small recessed wooden door provides access from the street to the upper floor. Just to its south is another storefront, beginning with a window like those on either side of the main entrance to the corner store save for a single long panel below. On its south is a more deeply recessed two-pane window with transom, then that storefront's main entrance: a wooden door with a four-pane window above three horizontal recessed panels, topped by a single-pane transom. The next two bays have an awning and a blind transom, followed by two narrow windows, one two panes and the other single, an awning and a three-pane transom and finally a blind bay with two panels below. A cornice similar to the main storefront's caps this one.
The upper story's windows are mostly one-over-one double-hung sash with brickwork sills and lintels. The two southernmost on the western facade are less decorative, recessed single-pane windows with plain surrounds between brick pilasters. Above them is a paneled frieze below the cornice. The south facade has a balcony at the second level; the rear is faced in clapboard.
History.
Established as a silver mining camp in 1879, Aspen quickly became a boomtown as settlers flocked to the upper Roaring Fork Valley. Many of the early permanent structures were timber frame buildings that were vulnerable to the frequent fires that broke out in the growing town. The city's government began requiring in the mid-1880s that new commercial buildings downtown be built of brick, stone or other fireproof materials. 
Frank LaFave, an early settler, built the block that bears his name in 1888. He had wanted to build a larger building, but the owner of the wooden structure next door would not sell (before La Fave completed his building, however, it burned down). It was originally a restaurant, with apartments for rent upstairs.
That restaurant, the St. James, was praised by "The Aspen Daily Times" as "magnificent, neat, and clean." In the years after the Colorado Silver Boom ended and Aspen's population declined from over 10,000 to a few hundred by the late 1920s, the block was neglected but did not fall victim to arson or collapse as so many other buildings from the boom era did. In the 1950s, the slow revival of Aspen as a ski town led to the building's revival. Architect Fritz Benedict, influential in the development of the reborn city, used the dilapidated building as his office and rented out the apartments. Two decades later, Norwegian Stein Eriksen, a 1952 Olympic gold medalist in downhill skiing, used the restaurant space as a ski shop.
Eriksen left the property in the 1980s, by which time Aspen had become an upscale destination resort. The storefront is currently used by a clothing boutique run by Leonard "Boogie" Weinglass, often described as the inspiration for Mickey Rourke's character in Barry Levinson's film "Diner", who runs Boogie's Diner across the street. Another boutique is in the other storefront; offices are upstairs. In 2008 two local lawyers bought the La Fave Block from Eriksen's partnership for $14.6 million, adding to an extensive portfolio of high-profile downtown properties.

</doc>
<doc id="31135923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135923" title="Ram Hill">
Ram Hill

Ram Hill is a hamlet in South Gloucestershire, England. It is located between Coalpit Heath and Westerleigh and adjoins the hamlet of Henfield immediately to the south. In the Mudge Map 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was linked to Westerleigh by Broad Lane and to Mays Hill by Frog Lane.
Ram Hill is a small hamlet that has seen considerable land use change over the recent centuries moving from a traditional agricultural landscape to an active coal mining area by the beginning of the nineteenth century. The population would have increased at that time supported by the introduction of new miner's cottages by the Coalpit Heath Colliery Company.
The closure of Ram Hill Colliery and Churchleaze Pits in the 1860s represented change but the new branch line to the Frog Lane Pit along with the movement of labour to the pit and the nearby Parkfield Colliery would have ensured that the industrial nature of the area was maintained to well into the twentieth century. In 1903 the new Great Western Railway direct route from Badminton to South Wales and the railway sidings at Coalpit Heath Railway Station would also have had an impact.
The closure of the Frog Lane Pit at Coalpit Heath in 1949 represented a step change in the area and Ram Hill reverted to its agricultural roots, a dispersed linear settlement, adjoining the London to South Wales railway, surrounded by pastoral agricultural land. There were new additions at that time with further ribbon development consolidating the 1920s/30s "plotlands" developments along the convergent minor roads. Another addition was the introduction of a caravan site at Greenacres.
Ram Hill was peaceful in the 1950s and early 1960s without extensive noise and light pollution. The construction of the M4 Motorway to the south of Henfield in the late 1960s began to change the character of the area and the increasing encroachment of night-time lights highlighted the continuing expansion of Bristol and Yate. In time Ram Hill has lost its rural tranquillity and adopted a new role as a commuter satellite to the main urban areas. At the same time the character of the landscape has changed with dairy farming being replaced by new uses in particular "horsiculture".
Industrial archaeology.
Coal mines.
Ram Hill is situated near the centre of the North Bristol Coal Field, this area at one time having been a coal mining community. Coal had been mined in this area since the fourteenth century and most likely even earlier. However it was Sir Samuel Astry, Lord of the Manor of Westerleigh c1680 who started mining on a grander scale and his descendants, or their business partners, continued to be connected with the Coalpit Heath Colliery Company.
Within Ram Hill itself there were four mines operational in the early nineteenth century:
For the nearby Serridge Engine Pit, Orchard (or Middle Wimsey) Pit, No. 11 Pit and New Engine Pit see Henfield.
The underground map of around 1850 shows that the underground roads of the Ram Hill Colliery and Churchleaze pits on Ram Hill joined together with those of the Serridge Engine and New Engine pits in Henfield.
Dramway.
In the Railway Act of 1828, parliament granted permission to the Avon and Gloucester Railway Company to build a Dramway (horse-drawn railway) from Ram Hill to the River Avon and this section of the Dramway was completed and in use by July 1832. The Ram Hill Colliery was the northern terminus of the Dramway and to the south of Bitterwell Lake there was also a southern spur to New Engine Pit in Henfield.
This early tramway scheme was designed to provide transport from the mines of Coalpit Heath to the wharves on the Avon at Keynsham which supplied both Bristol and Bath. The Dramway was built as a single track railway, built to a standard 4 ft 8in gauge, with passing places along the route. The whole length of the railway was built on a down hill gradient dropping 225 ft along the route. It lasted only nine years before a steam railway connected the pits.
Railways.
Soon after the horse-drawn tramway was in operation pressure built up to convert the line to accommodate steam driven locomotives as the Great Western Railway (GWR) were keen to build a 7 ft gauge line from Bristol to Gloucester. The Bristol and Gloucester Company under the influence of the GWR started to convert the 4 ft 8in tramway to a 7 ft railway on 5 June 1844 and this was completed by 9 July. However the colliery owners at Coalpit Heath still had the right to transport their coal in 4 ft 8in trucks and the section of Dramway from Bitterwell Lake to Mangotsfield North Junction was the first dual gauge railway in the country. Another twist was that the line was sold to the Midland Railway in 1845 rather than to the GWR.
In the 1st edition (1881) Ordnance Survey Map it shows that the southern branch of the railway line finishes at the New Engine Pit at Henfield, the centre branch having served Ram Hill Colliery. In around 1860 a northern branch was constructed near Boxhedge Farm that served the new Frog Lane Pit at Coalpit Heath. This line remained operational for almost 90 years until the closure of the mine in 1949.
The South Wales Main Line was re-routed following the opening of the Severn Tunnel in 1886. The new route was established in 1903 with the building of what is often known as the Badminton Line. This involved the construction of about 33 miles of new track, part of which skirted Ram Hill and Coalpit Heath. The Great Western Railway purchased the land at the Ram Hill Colliery site in 1898 and a deep railway cutting was created immediately north of the former mine. To the west the Coalpit Heath Railway Station was opened and goods yard sidings established. The station fell victim to Dr Beeching's cuts and was closed in the 1960s.
Community facilities.
Being a small hamlet Ram Hill does not have its own community facilities although the social facilities are available at Coalpit Heath Cricket Club in Serridge Lane. Social and recreational facilities are provided at Henfield Village Hall, Bitterwell Lake and the Newman Field amenity area in the adjoining hamlet of Henfield.
The hamlet is well served with footpaths and cycleways.
Governance.
The two tiers of local government responsible for administering Ram Hill:
Planning.
In the adopted South Gloucestershire Local Plan Ram Hill does not have a Defined Settlement Boundary boundary on the Proposals Map and there are no sites allocated for new residential development.
The hamlet is within an area defined as Green Belt and is located within the Forest of Avon area. There are also Major Recreational Routes in the hamlet.
Environment.
Landscape.
Within the South Gloucestershire Landscape Character Assessment SPD the hamlet of Ram Hill is within an area defined as:
Westerleigh Vale and Oldland Ridge – The Study indicates that Ram Hill, a colliery settlement, and Henfield are small dispersed/linear and clustered hamlets respectively, consisting of a mix of Pennant sandstone with more recent render and brick buildings, focused around a convergence of minor roads and lanes. Around the two settlements are scattered farms.
The area of Ram Hill and Henfield comprises a largely strong, irregular rural framework with areas of woodland, mixed overgrown/clipped hedgerows supplemented with wire fences, defining regular shaped fields. The clustered settlement pattern and non-agricultural activities such as storage compounds, are reasonably well integrated as a result of this framework. Horse paddocks are however locally evident where hedgerows have become replaced with fences. Associated ad hoc home-made stables are also evident and atypical of a rural landscape. Large modern agricultural sheds are prominent within older farm complexes within this area.
The small scale settlement at Ram Hill and Henfield is largely well integrated within the framework of hegerow trees and woodland. The area has a generally tranquil character, although the presence of stables and fences associated with the increase in land use change to "horsiculture". modern large farm buildings and storage compounds, can detract from this, visually eroding the rural character and resulting in removal or fragmentation of hedgerows. In places the recreational pressure for "horsiculture" with the associated infrastructure of stables, access tracks, exercise areas, jumps and floodlighting, can result in a change in landscape character.
Biodiversity.
One area of Broadleaved Woodland at Ram Hill is identified by South Gloucestershire Council as a Site of Nature Conservation Importance:
There are no Sites of Special Scientific Interest within the hamlet.
Sport and Recreation.
Coalpit Heath Cricket Club.
Coalpit Heath Cricket Club, situated in Serridge Lane (formerly known as Chuchleaze) at Ram Hill, has well over 100 years of history. It was based for many years at the recreation ground at Coalpit Heath but has relocated to Serridge Lane where a clubhouse has been created which includes social facilities and a skittle alley. The club is a family orientated club running three Senior sides on Saturdays in the Bristol and District Leagues and a Sunday side in the Village Cricket League.
The club also provides facilities for young players to learn and play the game of cricket within their Youth section. The club is affiliated to the Gloucestershire Cricket Board, Bristol & District Cricket Association and Bristol Youth Cricket League.
Mafeking Hall.
This Scout Hall is located at Serridge Lane, Ram Hill and is run by the Cotswold Edge District Scout Council. Both the Hall and Tullett Field are available for hire.
Education.
The hamlet is served by The Manor C of E Primary School, Coalpit Heath, a primary school catering for pupils aged 5–11.
Older children attend The Ridings Federation Winterbourne International Academy.
Transport.
Ram Hill is served by one bus service operated by Wessex Connect:

</doc>
<doc id="31135937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135937" title="1997–98 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
1997–98 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 1997–1998 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 1997-1998 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in North Ryde from 1 August through 9 August 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31135996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31135996" title="Arkansas Negro Boys' Industrial School">
Arkansas Negro Boys' Industrial School

The Arkansas Negro Boys' Industrial School was a juvenile correctional facility for black male children in Arkansas.
There were two locations in 1936, with one in Jefferson County, and one in Wrightsville. The juvenile correctional facility in Wrightsville was southeast of Little Rock.
As of March 1959 the Wrightsville school had 69 boys aged between 14 and 17. Most of them were convicted of minor and petty crimes; however, some boys having no criminal record lived at the school solely because their families were dysfunctional and they had nowhere else to live. The boys lived in a 1936 Works Progress Administration building described by "TIME" as "rickety."
In the pre-dawn morning of March 5, 1959, a fire started in the dormitory of the Wrightsville facility. The doors in the dormitory were locked, so the boys could not escape. Charley Meadows, a 16-year old night sergeant, broke open one window, allowing for egress. 48 boys managed to escape, while 21 died. The families of the deceased said that authorities told them that 14 of the dead boys were wrapped in newspapers and deposited in an unmarked grave. Some family members were skeptical of the account the officials gave of the burial. On the 50th anniversary of the fire, the families held a press conference at the Arkansas Capitol.
Governor of Arkansas Orval Faubus asked a committee to investigate the fire. The committee concluded that the correctional facility, the State of Arkansas, and the local community held responsibility for the incident, but recommended no course of action. A KTHV report said that "somehow the story faded into the backdrop of the Civil Rights Movement."
The land once occupied by the unit now houses the Arkansas Department of Correction Wrightsville Unit. There are no markers there that indicate that the boys school existed or that the fire occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="31136000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136000" title="Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque (Tobruk)">
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque (Tobruk)

Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque is a mosque in Tobruk, Libya. 

</doc>
<doc id="31136011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136011" title="William H. Spurgeon">
William H. Spurgeon

William Henry Spurgeon, also known as Uncle Billy, (October 10, 1829 - June 20, 1915) is credited with founding the city of Santa Ana, California. Spurgeon was also the first mayor of the city. He was originally from Henry County, Kentucky, and died in Santa Ana.

</doc>
<doc id="31136035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136035" title="Rosa willmottiae">
Rosa willmottiae

Rosa willmottiae is a species in the genus "Rosa" in the plant family Rosaceae. It grows at an altitude of in dry valleys in western Sichuan, China. It forms an arching deciduous shrub high, and as much across. The branches are covered in many straight prickles. The pinnate leaves typically have 7 to 9 small bluish-green leaflets which emit a pleasant fragrance when bruised. It was introduced to western cultivation by Ernest Wilson in 1904 and was named after the collector and horticulturist Ellen Willmott. The flowers are small (), lilac-pink, and are borne on short laterals all along the length of the branches in late spring/early summer. The hips are small, becoming orange-red and losing their tips when ripe. 
Quest-Ritson & Quest-Ritson describe "R. willmottiae" as "one of the few wild roses that merits a place in a mixed border or even as a specimen shrub" and that when in flower it is "the embodiment of beauty".

</doc>
<doc id="31136046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136046" title="Ai Shinozaki">
Ai Shinozaki

When she started modelling in 2006 at age 14, Shinozaki caused widespread press and Web comment about her having an unusually curvy figure for a Japanese teenager. In 2009, her page on the directory site "Chu-Boh" gave her height and figure as "160 B87 W60 H88" (, --). She regularly appears on the front page of popular titles, such as "Young Animal" and "Weekly Young Jump". The lines between gravure idols and pop idols are very blurred, and aside from modelling she has gone on to forge a career as a pop idol. The name Ai means "Love" in Japanese and often titles of her productions are puns coming from that double meaning.

</doc>
<doc id="31136054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136054" title="Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque (Irbid)">
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque (Irbid)

Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque is a mosque in Irbid, Jordan. It was built originally during the Ottoman period but was renovated and expanded in 1998 to an area of roughly 600 square metres.

</doc>
<doc id="31136062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136062" title="1996–97 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
1996–97 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 1996–1997 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 1996-1997 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.

</doc>
<doc id="31136088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136088" title="Wau Airport, Papua New Guinea">
Wau Airport, Papua New Guinea

Wau Airport is an airport serving Wau in Papua New Guinea.
A grass runway was constructed in 1927 by Cecil Levien with the assistance of native labourers. The first landing at Wau was made on 19 April 1927 by Ernest Mustar in a De Havilland DH.37 owned by Guinea Gold Airways from Lae Airfield. The airfield was extended during the Second World War to 1500 x 100 x 4000 yards as described in 1942. Wau airfield was a rough Kunai grass airstrip in length with a 12% slope heading directly for Mount Kaindi. Aircraft could approach from the northeast only, landing uphill and taking off downhill. The mountain at the end of the runway prevented second attempts at landing and precluded extension of the strip. Pilots had to manoeuvre Dakotas under clouds and through dangerous passes, "dodging a peak here and cloud there", landing at high speeds. This required good visibility, but the weather over Owen Stanley Range was characterised by frequent storms, down drafts, and mists which rose from the jungle floor.
The Imperial Japanese Army sent 3,000 troops from Salamaua and Mubo along the Black Cat Track to seize Wau Airfield from the Australians. The Japanese force was known as the Okabe Detachment and was commanded by Major General Toru Okabe. The Japanese offensive was stopped by the Australian Army force known as Kanga Force in the battle of Wau.
A Royal Australian Air Force C-47 Dakota (#A65-92) crashed at the airfield on 22 October 1960 and was written off.

</doc>
<doc id="31136101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136101" title="Harris, Arkansas">
Harris, Arkansas

Harris, Arkansas is an unincorporated community in Elkins Township, Washington County, Arkansas, United States. It is located east of Fayetteville and within the city limits of Elkins near Arkansas Highway 16.

</doc>
<doc id="31136116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136116" title="Yamakawa Kikue">
Yamakawa Kikue

Early life.
Yamakawa Kikue was born Aoyama Kikue to a hereditary samurai family in Tokyo in 1890. Her family's relatively privileged background allowed her to attend the private women's college Joshi Eigaku Juku (renamed Tsuda Juku Daigaku in 1948) in Kodaira, Tokyo. During this time, she met fellow Japanese feminists Kamichika Ichiko and Hiratsuka Raicho, editor of the feminist periodical Seitō. Her relationship with Hiratsuka Raicho was particularly important because it led to her contributing several articles to Seitō and ultimately being a part of the Seitōsha (or “bluestockings”) feminist movement. 
Yamakawa Kikue had mixed feelings about her education. On one hand, she described her teachers Tsuda Umeko and Kawai Michi as “pure idealists. They were naïve and innocent, totally cut off from the real world. They were completely unaware of what the students were thinking about and what they were searching for.” On the other hand, she respected Tsuda Umeko as a pioneer in the education of Japanese women because of her rejection of the “slave morality” and “spineless submissiveness” taught at other Japanese women's colleges. Yamakawa graduated from Joshi Eigaku Juku after four years of attendance.
In 1916, Yamakawa Kikue married outspoken socialist Yamakawa Hitoshi. During the early years of her marriage, she spent most of her time writing socialist and feminist works, as well as translating existing pieces. She contracted tuberculosis shortly after her marriage and took a short break from her work to recover.
Activism.
Yamakawa transitioned from a theorist to an activist when she helped found the Sekirankai (Red Wave Society) in April 1921. The Sekirankai's main goal was the abolition of capitalism, which it saw as the greatest source of women's oppression. Specifically, the group sought equal wages between men and women, the abolition of prostitution, and special rights and protection for mothers. After several tumultuous events, including police violence and party reorganization, the Sekirankai was disbanded in June 1923.
When the Japanese Communist Party was re-established in 1925, Yamakawa submitted the following six-point demand for equal gender rights:
All but the third proposal were accepted by the Party. The call to abolish prostitution was left undecided because the Party was split fifty-fifty on the issue. Yamakawa was upset about this, because she felt that all six of these points were “fundamental demands of the women's liberation movement” and that “opposition to them cannot have been anything other than conservative reactionism.”
Like many other Marxists at the time Yamakawa was unsympathetic towards the suffrage movement and saw the women's suffrage movement as a form of control: “I was extremely fearful that the end result of simply wanting the right to vote without deciding the purpose of this or the kind of society that we wanted to create, would not be women's liberation but the use of women as weapons of the military-beauraucratic dictatorship.”
During World War II, the Japanese socialist movement was outlawed. As a result, Yamakawa Hitoshi was imprisoned, as he was a prominent member of the Communist movement. With her husband in prison, Yamakawa Kikue struggled to support herself, and as a result, her activism was sidelined. During that time, she attempted to raise quail to eke out a living. Additionally, she raised income by writing politically nonvolatile commissioned pieces, such as "Women of the Mito Domain: Recollections of Samurai Family Life" (1943). After the war, the couple both joined the Japan Socialist Party. Yamakawa Kikue served as the head of the Women and Minors Bureau of the Ministry of Labor from 1947 to 1951. In 1956, she published her autobiography "Onna Nidai no Ki" (A Record of Two Generations of Women). Her husband died in 1958, and she continued her writings until her death at the age of 90 in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31136124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136124" title="Gobbler's Knob Fire Lookout">
Gobbler's Knob Fire Lookout

The Gobbler's Knob Fire Lookout is a fire lookout in the extreme western region of Mount Rainier National Park at an elevation of . One of four fire lookouts remaining in the park, the lookout is used for visitor services during summer weekends. The building is about by , and was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and designs under the supervision of Acting Chief Architect Edwin A. Nickel. It was built in 1933. The two-story structure features a balconied lookout on the second level, with storage on the ground level. Cables secured to deadmen keep the lookout from blowing over. The lookout was extensively damaged in a 2006 storm. It has since been repaired. 
The lookout was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31136201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136201" title="Nehru Stadium, Coimbatore">
Nehru Stadium, Coimbatore

Nehru Stadium is a football stadium and also a multi-purpose stadium in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds a capacity 30,000 spectators. Located in the heart of Coimbatore, near V O Chidambaram Park, Nehru Stadium is a popular venue for football tournaments, cricket matches and athletic meets. The stadium is equipped with floodlights for conducting day and night matches.It has also a 400 m athletic track with football/hockey field.Famous matches that took place here are Santosh Trophy in 1970s and 1990s.
Provisions were also made for dressing rooms, conference hall, cloakrooms, bath facilities for players and athletes, a mini hospital and many more. A tunnel was even planned from the main entrance to take the athletes to the stadium without disturbing the track events. Also, for the construction of indoor games hall, swimming pool, ticket booths, electronic scoreboard, canteen room, public telephone booth and press and telex-printer service rooms. But nothing came up because only commercial establishments made the best use of the stadium's outer ring.
References.
http://www.sportyindia.com/events/venueevents/2-coimbatore-nehru-stadium

</doc>
<doc id="31136207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136207" title="Memory development">
Memory development

The development of memory in children becomes evident within the first 2 to 3 years of a child's life as they show considerable advances in declarative memory. This enhancement continues into adolescence with major developments in short term memory, working memory, long term memory and autobiographical memory.
Recent research on the development of memory has indicated that declarative, or explicit memory, may exist in infants who are even younger than two years old. For example, newborns who are less than 3 days old demonstrate a clear preference for their mother’s own voice.
Cognitive Neuroscience of Memory Development.
Declarative memory develops very rapidly throughout the first 2 years of life; infants of this age show evidence of cognitive development in many ways (e.g., increased attention, language acquisition, increasing knowledge). There is a difference in the brain development of explicit and implicit memory in infants. Implicit memory is controlled by an early-developing memory system in the brain that is present very early on, and can be explained by the early maturation of striatum, cerebellum, and brain stem, which are all involved in implicit learning and memory. 
Development of explicit memory depends on a later developing memory system in the brain that reaches maturity between 8 and 10 months of age. Explicit memory depends heavily on structures in the medial temporal lobe, including the hippocampus and the parahippocampal cortex. Much of the brain system is formed before birth, however the dentate gyrus within the hippocampal formation has about 70% of the number of cells in adults.
Rapid myelination of axons within the central nervous system occurs during first year of life which can dramatically increase the efficiency and speed of transmission in neurons. This can explain the higher processing speed of older infants as compared to younger ones.
Working Memory.
According to Baddeley's model of working memory, working memory is composed of three parts. First is the central executive which is responsible for a range of regulatory functions including attention, the control of action, and problem solving. Second, the phonological loop, which is specialized for the manipulation and retention of material in particular informational domains. Finally, the visuospatial sketchpad stores material in terms of its visual or spatial features. The strength of the relationships between the three components of working memory vary; the central executive is strongly linked with both the phonological loop as well as the visuospatial sketchpad which are both independent of each other. Evidence indicates linear increases in performance of working memory from age 4 years through to adolescence.
Central Executive.
In children under the age of 4, the memory storage capacity limitation constrains complex comprehension processes. As the child grows older however, less processing is necessary which opens more storage space for memory.
Phonological Loop.
Evidence indicates linear increases in performance from age 4 years through to adolescence. Prior to about 7 years of age, serial recall performance is mediated by the phonological store which is one component of the phonological loop. Preschool aged children do not use a subvocal rehearsal strategy to maintain decaying phonological representations in the store but instead they identify visual features of pictures in order to remember them. This is evident first by watching children for overt sign of rehearsal (for example lip movement) and second if the child is given nameable pictures, there are no differences in retrieval found for long versus short words. At the age of seven, children begin to use a subvocal rehearsal process to maximize retention in the phonological store. As development continues, nonauditory memory material is recoded into a phonological code suitable for the phonological loop when possible.
Visuospatial Sketchpad.
Younger children (under the age of 5) are more dependent than older children or adults on using the visuospatial sketchpad to support immediate memory for visual material. Older children adopt a strategy of verbally recoding pictures where possible and also use the phonological loop to mediate performance of the “visual” memory task. Between the ages of 5 and 11, visual memory span increases substantially and it is at this point when adult levels of performance are reached.
Long Term Memory.
Explicit memory becomes much better over the developmental years. However, there are small effects of age on implicit memory, which could be because implicit memory involves more basic processes than declarative memory which would make it less affected by a child's developing cognitive skills and abilities.
Pre-school Children.
Infants at as early as 7-months-old can conceptually differentiate between categories such as animals and vehicles. Although infants’ concepts may be crude by adult standards, they still allow infants to make meaningful semantic distinctions. An example is that infants can differentiate between items belonging to a kitchen and those items belonging to a bathroom. At the very least, these categories lay a foundation for early knowledge development, organizing information in storage and influence future encoding. Infants from 16 months old are able to draw on their semantic knowledge in generalization and inference. This knowledge can also be used by older toddlers, 24-month-olds, to facilitate acquisition and retention of new information. Their knowledge of causal ordering of events can be used to help to recall the sequence of events.
Knowledge itself will not alter retention performance, rather how well that knowledge is structured will alter performance. Better retention was shown with information that had greater cohesion and more elaborative elements. Familiarity and repetition of an experience can also influence the organization of information in storage for preschoolers and older children. Children who experienced an event twice recalled the event better 3 months later than did children who only experienced it once and showed equally good recall at 3 months compared to recall at 2 weeks after experiences.
School Age Children.
Age differences in memory are attributed to age-correlated growth in the foundation of knowledge. What children know affects what they encode, how that information is organized in storage, and the manner in which it’s retrieved. The greater the background knowledge about the to-be-encoded information, the better that the information is remembered. Because older children have more knowledge than younger children, older children perform better than younger children in most memory tasks. When familiarity and meaningfulness of material were equated across age, developmental differences in memory performance was no longer a factor.
Children’s use of memory strategies and the development of metamemory skills are also instrumental in age-related changes in memory, particularly later in childhood years. Knowledge influences memory by affecting retrieval, by facilitating spread of activation among related items in memory and by facilitating the use of strategies. Knowledge also provides better elaboration of information which can strengthen its storage in memory.
Episodic Memory.
By school age, the typical child shows skill in recalling details of past experiences and in organizing those details into a narrative form with cohesion. Memories formed at this age and beyond are more likely to stand the test of time over the years and be recalled in adulthood, compared to earlier memories. Young children can sometimes retain information from specific episodes over very long periods of time, but the particular information a child of a particular age is likely to retain over different periods of time is unpredictable. This depends on the nature of the memory event and individual differences in the child such as gender, parental style of communication, and language ability.
Autobiographical Memory.
The amount of information that is able to be recalled depends on the child’s age at the time of the event. Children at the age of 1-2 can recall personal events, though only in fragments when questioned several months later. Two-year-old children form autobiographical memories and remember them over periods of at least several months.
Difficulty in assessing memory in young children can be attributed to their level of language skills; this is because memory tests usually occur in the form of a verbal report. It is unclear whether performance on memory assessments is due to poor memory for the event or to the inability to express what they remember in words. However, memory tests assessing performance with a nonverbal photograph recognition test and behavioral re-enactment showed that children had signs of recall from 27 months, as opposed to 33 months, where children showed only reasonable verbal recall.
Childhood Amnesia.
Infantile amnesia is the tendency to have few autobiographical memories from below the age of 5. Although autobiographical memories start forming between the ages of 2 and 3 and can be remembered for several months, they are nearly always forgotten by adulthood. This can be attributed to lack of memory rehearsal; young children do not engage in rehearsal of remembered information. There are two theoretical explanations for why this may occur; although they take different approaches, they are not mutually exclusive of each other.
Cognitive Self.
Autobiographical memories can only begin to form after infants have developed a sense of self to whom events having personal significance can occur. Evidence of a sense of self develops towards the end of the second year of life, in between 21 and 24 months of age. The development of a cognitive self provides a new framework from which memories can be organized. With this cognitive advancement, we see the emergence of autobiographical memory and the end of infantile amnesia.
Social Cultural Influences.
Language and culture play central roles in the early development of autobiographical memory. The manner in which parents discuss the past with their children and how elaborative they are in reminiscing has an impact on how the child encodes the memory. Children whose parents talk in detail about the past are being provided with good opportunities to rehearse their memories. The parents’ use of language at the time in which the event occurred can also play a factor in how the child remembers the episode. Cultural differences in parenting styles and parent-child relationships can contribute to autobiographical memory at an early age.
Memory Strategies.
Memory strategies are ways in which individuals can organize the information that they are processing in order to enhance recall in the future. Memory strategies that are helpful may include but are not limited to verbal rehearsal or mnemonics. The use of memory strategies varies in both the types of strategies used as well as the effectiveness of the strategies used across different age groups.
Metamemory.
As children grow older, they show increasing evidence of metamemory which is the knowledge about their memory and how it works. There is strong evidence that suggests that greater awareness and knowledge about ones memory leads to increased use of memory strategies and greater levels of recall.
In children under 7, the relationship between metamemory, strategy use, and recall is very weak or absent. This can be seen when comparing older children (over the age of 7) and preschool children on sorting tasks where children are asked to sort objects into groups that go together (for example animals)and attempt to recall them.
Preschool Children.
Preschool children use simple tactics for remembering but do not use mental strategies and do not typically differentiate memory and perception. In order to remember objects, they tend to verbally name or visually inspect items and use memory strategies intermittently or inconsistently even if they are aware of how they can improve recall. Memory Strategies are used more consistently by children if they are reminded and taught to use them each time they are processing something that should be remembered.
By age 7.
By the age of 7, the awareness of the benefits of memory strategies in learning arises. The goal is for children to recognize the advantage of using memory strategies such as categorizing rather than simply looking or naming. 
At this age, children spontaneously use rehearsal to enhance short-term memory performance and retrieval strategies begin to be used spontaneously without the guidance of others.
Late Elementary School.
In late elementary school, children engage in self-directed use of organization and demonstrate the ability to impose a semantic structure on the to-be-remembered items to guide memory performance. For example, if a child is packing their bag for school they can go through each part of their day and think of each item that they need to pack. Children at this age understand the advantages of using memory strategies and make use of strategies like categorization over looking or naming if they are instructed to think about learning strategies prior to learning.
Early Adolescence.
In early adolescence, children begin to use elaborative rehearsal meaning that items are not simply kept in mind but rather are processed more deeply. They also prefer to use memory strategies such as categorization rather than simple rehearsal, looking or naming and use these strategies without needing to think about memory strategies prior to learning.

</doc>
<doc id="31136220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136220" title="Aftermath (Adam Lambert song)">
Aftermath (Adam Lambert song)

"Aftermath" is a song by American pop vocalist and "American Idol" season eight runner-up Adam Lambert. The song was written by Lambert, Alisan Porter, Ferras, Ely Rise and produced by Howard Benson for Lambert's debut album, "For Your Entertainment". It was released as a charity single on March 10, 2011.
Background.
'Aftermath' is a rock-anthem that shows off Lambert’s spectacular range - with his lower register very prominent and his now-familiar riffing on the high notes.
The uplifting message in the lyrics to 'Aftermath' is touching without being sappy. It is, as Lambert has said, a self-empowerment anthem. And what better song to bring attention to the Trevor Project while also providing encouragement and support to LGBTQ youth and anyone with self-esteem issues.
Critical reception.
Robbie Daw from Idolator said, "We’re digging the dreamy feel of the Billboard remix of “Aftermath,” particularly the parts where Adam’s upper range is more prevalent. That said, we love the album version, too, and we really can’t place one above the other." Pat Ryder said, "Maybe it's not perfect, but overall 'Aftermath: Remix' is a good effort by Billboard. Clearly Lambert is happy with the mix and eager to promote it to bring attention to the universal message and to the Trevor Project".
Live performances.
The song was performed on Lambert's 2010 Glam Nation Tour during the "ballad" section of the show. Lambert also performed an acoustic rendition of the song on American Idol in 2011.
Personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="31136251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136251" title="Kauri bond">
Kauri bond

A Kauri bond is a bond denominated in New Zealand dollars that is issued by a foreign (i.e. non New Zealand) issuer. The first issue took place in 2004.
The name "kauri" comes from one of the New Zealand's larger native trees.

</doc>
<doc id="31136268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136268" title="Roraima gubernatorial election, 2010">
Roraima gubernatorial election, 2010

The state elections Roraima in 2010 happened on October 3 as part of general elections that year in Brazil. At this time, elections were held in all 26 Brazilian states and the Federal District. Citizens eligible to vote elected the President, the Governor and two Senators per state, plus state and federal deputies. Since no presidential candidate, and governor of Rondônia received more middle of the valid votes, a runoff is carried out in the 31 October at the presidential election second round was between Rousseff's (PT) and José Serra (PSDB), with victory Dilma; already in the government of Rondonia was among Neudo Campos and Anchieta in Anchieta victory. Under the Federal Constitution, the President and the governors are directly elected for a term of four years, with a limit of two terms, so the president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva was unable to stand, since he was elected in 2002 and reelected in 2006. Already Anchieta, elected in 2006, tried a re-election and won it.

</doc>
<doc id="31136276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136276" title="Cora Hubbard">
Cora Hubbard

Cora Hubbard (February 1877 - ?) was a 19th-century outlaw who participated in the August 17, 1897 robbing of the McDonald County Bank in Pineville, Missouri. Hubbard, who was compared at the time to the more prolific female outlaw Belle Starr, was one of only a handful of women who actively participated in the actual bank robbery process during that era.
Background.
Though Hubbard claimed to be 28 at the time of the robbery, which would have put her birth in 1870, the 1880 U.S. Census listed her age as three, which would have meant she was born in 1877. In addition, the 1885 Kansas state census puts her birth year at about 1876 and the 1900 federal census, where she is listed as an inmate at a prison in Cole County, Missouri, lists her birth as being in February 1877. 
Hubbard was born in Ohio to Union Army veteran Samuel C. and Elizabeth Hubbard. She was the sixth of their seven children and their third and final daughter. In the 1880 census, Samuel (1841–1919) is listed as a cross tie maker and the family is listed as living in the Cedar township of Callaway County, Missouri. Between 1880 and 1885, Elizabeth Hubbard died and the family moved from Missouri to Kansas, living in the Spring Hill Township of Johnson County and later Weir City.
By August 17, 1897, Cora had married and divorced one husband, James Russell, and had married her second husband, "Bud" Parker, just a month and a half earlier. At the time of her crime she was living on Parker's farm in Indian Territory (now Oklahoma) not far from the Kansas state line.
The Plan.
The plans for the robbery started on Bud Parker’s farm near Nowata, Oklahoma, where he had recently brought his new bride, Cora. Cora’s brothers Al and William “Bill” Hubbard were living in the same area around this time and John Sheets, a 23-year-old from Missouri, was working on the Parker farm as a hired hand. It is likely the arrival of 31-year-old Albert Whitfield “Whit” Tennison, who drifted into the area that August, was the genesis for the bank robbery plan. Tennison claimed he had previous experience in bank robbing and soon had the group rallied around his idea. The McDonald County Bank was chosen because Bill Hubbard had previously lived in Pineville and knew its layout. Bill Hubbard drew up the map and Bud Parker, Sheets, Tennison and Al Hubbard were designated to execute the plan. But, when the time came for it to be put into action, both Parker and Al Hubbard backed out. Cora then left with Sheets and Tennison and reportedly told her husband that she would not live with a “damn coward.”
On their way to Pineville, the three would-be bank robbers stopped in Coffeyville, Kansas so Sheets could buy a Winchester rifle and ammunition. They then headed to Cora’s father’s home in Weir City. Sam Hubbard reported that when his daughter arrived she had her hair cut short and was dressed in men's clothing. After spending a couple days in Weir City, the group headed for Pineville, more than 60 miles away.
The gang arrived in Pineville on August 16, 1897 and set up camp outside the town. The following morning, Sheets and Tennison went into town and checked out the layout and to make sure there were not any notable complications for their plan. Seeing none, they returned to the camp to get Cora.
The Robbery.
Sheets, Tennison and Cora come into Pineville on the morning of August 17, 1897 and stopped about a block from the bank. Hubbard was left to hold the gang’s horses while Sheets and Tennison headed to the bank to carry out the robbery. Sheets and Tennison snuck around the corner of the bank and drew their weapons on three men sitting in front of the building, A.V. Manning, president of the bank; John W. Shields, Cashier; and Marcus N. LaMance, county treasurer. They reportedly told the three men, “we’re here for the money and we want it damn quick.”
Sheets went into the bank with Manning and Shields, while Tennison stayed outside with LaMance to keep watch. Once inside the bank, Shields countered Sheets' demands and Sheets knocked him to the ground with his rifle. Sheets then ordered Manning to hold a sack while Shields filled it with money. Shields filled it with all the coins and currency he could find, a total of $589.23 (the equivalent of $15,700 in 2009 on the Consumer Price Index scale).
Once they had the cash, Sheets herded Shields and Manning out of the bank ahead of him. He and Tennison then moved them down the street in front of them in an effort to keep bystanders from shooting. By the time they reached where Hubbard was waiting with the horses, Tennison had also taken Manning’s $15 silver watch.
Escape and Capture.
From the stable, Sheets, Tennyson and Hubbard mounted up and headed to the northeast. A posse quickly formed in Pineville and followed the small gang. Meanwhile, the gang changed direction and headed around Pineville, but someone reported the change in town and it was telegraphed to Noel, Missouri, about five miles southwest of Pineville. That afternoon, a search party from Pineville got in front of fugitives and joined another posse from Noel at the crossing of Butler Creek to lie in ambush. When Tennison, Sheets and Hubbard started to ride down a gulch toward the creek, the posse opened fire, wounding both Tennison and Sheets with buckshot, mortally wounding Sheet’s horse and shooting Cora Hubbard’s revolver out of her hand. The gang returned fire, slightly wounding one deputy. Tennison’s horse became frightened in the clash, running away and separating him from Hubbard and Sheets. Sheets and Hubbard turned their horses around and made their way out of the gulch before Sheets’ horse collapsed and died. Tennison’s horse was later found grazing not far from the scene, but the robber was not with it. The next day, a report of a man paying for his breakfast the next morning in Indian Territory, about 25 miles from Pineville, and paid for it in pennies, which coincided with the fact that many pennies had been taken in the robbery. A posse headed by Joe Yeargain of Southwest City, Missouri followed that tip and found Tennison wounded in a cabin 20 miles inside Indian Territory, he had a .45 Winchester, .45 revolver and $121.50 from the robbery. He was captured without incident and was taken to Neosho, Missouri, about 30 miles north of Pineville, where he was housed in the Newton County jail. From Tennison, the posse learned that Hubbard and Sheets were from Weir City. Yeargain then headed the posse to that Kansas town.
Hubbard and Sheets and stolen a horse at gunpoint near where the shootout had happened, providing them both with a means to escape. They traveled 70 miles to Parsons, Kansas, from where Hubbard took a train back to Weir City on the morning of August 21. Sheets promised to follow in a day or two, and from Weir City the pair planned to escape to Iowa.
Shortly after Cora Hubbard returned to her father's home in Weir City the posse also arrived. City Marshal Jim Hatton went to her father’s house under the ruse of borrowing his tar kettle and discovered Cora there. As the posse was returning to the home to arrest her, they located Bill Hubbard and arrested him for his role in the robbery, which they had been informed of by Tennison. After taking Bill Hubbard to the city jail, they returned to the Hubbard home, where Cora answered the door and obediently put up her hands "like a child at play putting up its hands before a toy pistol."
A later search of the Hubbard home by Marshal Hatton turned up $161 buried in the vegetable garden, $25 in a hill of peppers and the additional $141 in a hill of potatoes. Also on the premises they found the men's clothes worn by Cora Hubbard during the holdup. In response to this find, McDonald County Sheriff Richard Jarrett and Shields, the back cashier, when to Weir City on August 26. While they were interrogating Sam Hubbard, John Sheets drove up unaware in a buggy and was quickly arrested. In his buggy they found an additional $91 and a .45-caliber six-shooter. Along with Sheets, Sam Hubbard was also arrested and taken back to Missouri because of his reluctance to cooperate with officers in their search for the loot.
Conviction.
Sam and Bill Hubbard were released at Pineville on August 28, the day of the preliminary hearing for the three bank robbers. Cora Hubbard, John Sheets and Whit Tennyson were bound over for trial and returned to the Newton County jail in Neosho. They were convicted of bank robbery in January 1898 and sentenced to the state prison at Jefferson City — Hubbard and Sheets for 12 years each and Tennyson for 10. The Missouri governor commuted Cora's sentence the day after Christmas in 1904, and she was released on New Year's Day 1905. During her imprisonment, the one-time bank robber had let her hair grow out but had apparently done little else to enhance her feminine allure in the eyes of the reporter who described her at the time of her release as "short in stature with ... black eyes and a greasy dark complexion."
Accomplices.
Albert Whitfield Tennison was born in either September 1865 or on November 25, 1863 in Illinois. He is listed as married in the 1900 census, when he was in the custody of the Missouri State Penitentiary. In the 1910 census he is married to the former Emma Hogan, but had only been married to her for three years. He died on December 12, 1932 in Hudspeth County, Texas.
John Sheets was born in Missouri in December 1876. He lived for a time in Weir City, Kansas before becoming a farm hand for Bud Parker, Cora Hubbard's second husband. In the 1900 census, he is in the custody of the Missouri State Penitentiary and is listed as single. No additional information has been located on him.
Bud Parker was a farmer with a farm near what is now Nowata, Oklahoma. Though he was initially part of the plan to rob the McDonald County Bank, he eventually backed out, to the scorn of his new bride.
William "Bill" Hubbard was Cora's oldest brother who was born around 1865 in Ohio. He was the oldest child in the family and for a time lived in Pineville, Missouri and drew a plan of the town to aid in the robbery. He was arrested and later released.
Albert "Al" Hubbard was another of Cora's older brothers. He was born around 1871 in Ohio. He was living near the Parker farm when the robbery was planned and was originally planning to take part in the crime, but later backed out.
Later life.
Little is known about Cora after her release from prison. She is listed as being divorced in the 1900 census, making it unlikely that she went back to her second husband, Bud Parker, after her release. But a small note in a Jefferson City newspaper did remark on her release in 1904. It said she had been employed as a seamstress during her incarceration and had been a model prisoner. Now proficient at sewing, she planned to seek employment in that line of work.
Legacy.
As one of only a handful of female bank robbers, Cora Hubbard’s legacy has survived, even though her known life of crime only included a single bank robbery. As soon as it was originally reported that one of the member of the gang was a woman area headlines called her the "Second Belle Starr" and proclaimed "Female Bandit Rivals the Daring Deeds of Belle Starr and Kate Bender." Further enhancing this legacy is the only known photo of Cora, which shows her dressed in the men’s clothing she wore during the robbery and holding her rifle alongside coconspirators Tennison and Sheets.
In addition, Cora had previously bragged about being a member of the Dalton Gang, which would seem unlikely since she would have been only 15 at the time that infamous gang was obliterated in 1892, but after her arrest a Colt .45 revolver with the name "Bob Dalton" etched on the handle and seven notches carved near the trigger guard was found in her father’s home. This seemed to substantiate her claims that she had been with the Dalton Gang in earlier years and that she had Bob Dalton's six-shooter. The notches were presumed to represent the number of men killed with the Colt.

</doc>
<doc id="31136277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136277" title="North Tzoumerka">
North Tzoumerka

North Tzoumerka () is a municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the village Pramanta. The municipality is named after the Tzoumerka mountains.
Municipality.
The municipality North Tzoumerka was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 7 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
