<doc id="31219965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31219965" title="Quarry, Iowa">
Quarry, Iowa

Quarry is a rural unincorporated community in Marshall County, Iowa, United States.
History.
The village of Quarry was laid out by the Le Grand Quarry Company in 1868. The first building erected was a hotel. The first store was built by C.A. Philips in 1868. John Smith built the first residence in Quarry. A post office was established in 1867. Elias Wollohan served as the first postmaster. The first birth in Quarry was a son to Fred Johnson, named William. A brick schoolhouse was built in 1869. In 1881 the population ranged from 200 to 300. That same year the average school attendance was 50. In 1881 Quarry has two grocery stores, a blacksmith shop, two general stores, one agricultural warehouse, a meat market, and a saloon.

</doc>
<doc id="31219966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31219966" title="Cosmopterix gemmiferella">
Cosmopterix gemmiferella

Cosmopterix gemmiferella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from the United States (from Maine, Illinois and northwest Arkansas south to central Florida and southern Louisiana) and Canada (Ontario).
Description.
Male, female. Forewing length 4.5-5.1 mm. Head: frons shining pale golden with greenish and purplish reflections, vertex, neck tufts and collar shining golden brown with greenish and reddish reflections; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dorsally golden brown ventrally ochreous-white, third segment white, laterally lined dark brown; scape dorsally brown, ventrally white, antenna shining dark brown with a white interrupted line from base to one-half, followed towards apex by approximately eleven dark brown segments, four white, two partly dark brown, two white, ten dark brown and eight white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining golden brown, thorax with a greenish white median line, tegulae sometimes lined white inwardly. Legs: shining dark greyish brown with greenish and reddish reflections, femora shining ochreous, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one, two and five, tibia of midleg with shining white oblique basal and medial streaks and a shining white apical ring, tarsal segments one and two dorsal two-thirds white, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, tarsal segments one, two and four with white apical rings, segment five entirely white, spurs shining dark greyish brown, outer spurs inwardly white. Forewing shining golden brown, more prominent in apical area, four short silvery lines in the basal area, a subcostal at one-sixth, bending from costa distally, a very short medial above fold just beyond the subcostal, a subdorsal below fold, similar in length to the medial, starting at the end of the medial, a dorsal from beyond base to one-sixth, a broad yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, the costal half about twice as wide as the dorsal half, the dorsal half sometimes irrorated by dark brown scales, bordered at the inner edge by a pale golden metallic tubercular fascia, not reaching costa, bordered at the outer edge by two pale golden metallic tubercular costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot about twice the size of the costal and far more towards base, the fascia outwardly and both spots inwardly edged blackish brown, a broad white costal streak from the costal spot, the apical line reduced to a small silvery spot on dorsum in the middle of the apical area and a broad shining white streak in the cilia at apex; cilia brown, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brownish grey with reddish gloss; cilia brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, the white costal streak and the white streak at apex distinctly visible; hindwing shining greyish brown. Abdomen dorsally shining yellowish grey to golden brown, laterally shining grey with bluish and greenish reflections, ventrally shining dark grey, in middle shining white, segments banded shining white posteriorly, anal tuft shining greyish brown.
Biology.
The larvae feed on "Dichanthelium dichotomum". They mine the leaves of their host plant. They mine a small basal leaf in the spring, eating out almost the entire substance of the leaf. Just before pupation, it enters one of the lower stem leaves, in which it makes a small inconspicuous mine, scarcely larger than the larva, but broadening at its anterior end towards the tip of the leaf, slightly inflated, and showing us a convexity on the upper surface of the leaf. Within this cavity, which is silk-lined, pupation takes place. Beyond the pupation chamber, the mines extends a short distance forwards, but is scarcely visible except at its end, where the epidermis is almost eaten through, permitting the emergence of the imago. Adults fly in June and July in the North, early April to June farther South.

</doc>
<doc id="31219980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31219980" title="Linguistic distance">
Linguistic distance

Linguistic distance is how different one language or dialect is from another. Although there is no uniform approach to quantifying linguistic distance between languages, the concept is used in a variety of linguistic situations, such as learning additional languages, historical linguistics, language-based conflicts and the effects of language differences on trade.
Measures.
The proposed measures used for linguisitic distance reflect varying understandings of the term itself. One approach is based on mutual intelligibility, i.e. the ability of speakers of one language to understand the other language. With this, the higher the linguistic distance, the lower is the level of mutual intelligibility.
Because cognate words play an important role in mutual intelligibility between languages, these figure prominently in such analyses. The higher the percentage of cognate (as opposed to non-cognate) words in the two languages with respect to one another, the lower is their linguistic distance. Also, the greater the degree of grammatical relatedness (i.e. the cognates mean roughly similar things) and lexical relatedness (i.e. the cognates are easily discernible as related words), the lower is the linguistic distance. As an example of this, the Hindustani word "pānch" is grammatically identical and lexically similar (but non-identical) to its cognate Punjabi and Persian word "panj" as well as to the lexically dissimilar but still grammatically identical Greek "pent-" and English "five". As another example, the English "dish" and German "tisch" 'table' are lexically similar but grammatically dissimilar. Using a statistical approach (called lexicostatistics) by comparing each language's mass of words, distances can be calculated between them. In technical terms, what is calculated is the Levenshtein distance. Based on this, one study compared both Afrikaans and West Frisian with Dutch to see which was closer to Dutch. It determined that the Dutch and Afrikaans (mutual distance of 20.9%) were considerably closer than Dutch and West Frisian (mutual distance of 34.2%). Besides cognates, other aspects that are often measured are similarities of syntax and written forms.
A 2004 paper by economists Barry Chiswick and Paul Miller attempted to put forth a metric for linguistic distances that was based on empirical observations of how rapidly speakers of a given language gained proficiency in another one when immersed in a society that overwhelmingly communicated in the latter language. In this study, the speed of English language acquisition was studied for immigrants of various linguistic backgrounds in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31219999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31219999" title="Joyce Jacobson Kaufman">
Joyce Jacobson Kaufman

Joyce Jacobson Kaufman (born 21 June 1929) is a Jewish American chemist. In 1972 she introduced the concept of conformational topology and applied it to biomedical molecules. Kaufman also published a landmark paper in 1980 in which she described a new theoretical method for coding and retrieving certain carcinogenic hydrocarbons. She was invited by NSF to use the Cray X-MP (1985) and YMP (1989) supercomputers at the San Diego Supercomputer Center.
Early life.
Kaufman was born in the Bronx to Robert and Sarah (Seldin) Jacobson. After her parents separated in 1935, she was raised in Baltimore, Maryland, by her mother and immigrant maternal grandparents. In 1940, her mother married Abraham Deutch, a successful roofer. Deutch was born in Riga (the capital of Latvia), and immigrated to the United States in 1924 after having spent seven years as a halutz in Palestine. He helped raise Joyce as her stepfather.
Personal Life
She married Stanley Kaufman on December 26, 1948 and they divorced in 1982. They had one child, Jan Caryl, born June 24, 1955 who became a rabbi in 1979.
Chemistry career.
Kaufman knew she wanted to be a chemist at age eight after reading a biography of Marie Curie. That year she was chosen to attend a summer course at Johns Hopkins University for gifted children in math and science. In 1945, she was admitted as a special student to Johns Hopkins University, which did not grant women regular student status until 1970. Kaufman earned her B.S. with honors in Chemistry from Johns Hopkins University in 1949.
She then worked as a technical librarian and later a research chemist at the Army Chemical Center. In 1952 she returned to Johns Hopkins as a researcher in the physical chemistry lab of her former professor, Walter S. Koski, who later became her second husband. Kaufman received her M.A. in 1959 and her Ph.D. in physical chemistry in 1960. Koski was her adviser and mentor. In 1962, accompanied by her mother and her young daughter, she went to Paris, where she became a visiting scientist, receiving a doctoral degree in theoretical physics from the Sorbonne the following year.
Later Kaufman came back to Johns Hopkins as a principal research scientist, a position which she held until her retirement. She also held a joint appointment in the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine as associate professor of anesthesiology and later of plastic surgery, but she never received tenure or promotion to full professor, possibly due to discrimination against her as a woman.
Kaufman is noted for carrying out the first all-valence-electron, three-dimensional quantum-chemical calculations, and for research on the clinical effects of tranquilizers and narcotic drugs.
Honors.
In 1965 Kaufman was elected as a fellow of the American Institute of Chemists. In 1966 she was elected as a fellow of the American Physical Society. In 1969 she was named Dame Chevalière de France. In 1973 she received the Garvan Medical Award of the American Chemical Society. In 1974 the Jewish National Fund honored her with a Woman of Achievement Award as one of ten outstanding women in Maryland. In 1981 she was elected corresponding member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="31220010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220010" title="Agusan del Sur Provincial Board">
Agusan del Sur Provincial Board

The Agusan del Sur Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Agusan del Sur.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending five members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for five members, with the five candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31220016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220016" title="Red Torphy">
Red Torphy

Walter Anthony "Red" Torphy (November 6, 1891 – February 11, 1980) was a professional baseball player. He appeared in three games in Major League Baseball at first base for the 1920 Boston Braves.
Torphy had an extensive career in minor league baseball, playing seventeen seasons. His professional career began in 1913 with the Worcester Busters of the New England League, and ended in 1929 with the Brockton Shoemakers in the same league.
Torphy was born in Fall River, Massachusetts, and died there in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31220020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220020" title="Catharsius molossus">
Catharsius molossus

Catharsius molossus is a species of dung beetle belonging to the Scarabaeidae family. 
Description.
"Catharsius molossus" can reach a length of about in the females, about in males. This species is completely black, the body is short and convex, quite hairy on the ventral side and usually with a short conical horn in the centre of the head of the males. Pronotum is densely granulated and elytra are finely striated. It is used in traditional Chinese medicine for detoxification, swelling and constipation.
Distribution.
"Catharsius molossus" is one of the most widespread and abundant coprophagous species in tropical Asian regions. It occurs in the Palearctic ecozone (Afghanistan, Nepal, Sikkim, China, Taiwan), and in the Oriental ecozone (India, Sri Lanka, Andaman, Annam, Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Cochinchina, Thailand, Malaysia, Timor, Flores).

</doc>
<doc id="31220032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220032" title="Wang Wenhua">
Wang Wenhua

Wang Wenhua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31220073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220073" title="Trolleybuses in Belfast">
Trolleybuses in Belfast

The Belfast trolleybus system once served the city of Belfast, Northern Ireland. It was the only trolleybus system ever to be built in Ireland. Opened on , it gradually replaced the Belfast tramway network.
The Belfast system was the second largest of all the now-defunct trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom, after the London system. It had a total of 17 routes, and a maximum fleet of 245 trolleybuses. It was closed on .
Five of the former Belfast trolleybuses are now preserved. Two of them are based at the Ulster Folk and Transport Museum, Cultra, Holywood, County Down, one at the East Anglia Transport Museum at Carlton Colville, Suffolk, and one at Warnham, Sussex. The fifth one is at the National Transport Museum of Ireland, in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="31220074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220074" title="Callum James Greens">
Callum James Greens

Callum James Greens (13 August 1982) is a Scottish music executive, record producer, radio producer, musician and comedy writer. Greens is the founder and director of the former Warner Music UK record label DimeRock Records, now owned by Bangkok Media Group and renamed BKKMG Records.
Early life.
Greens was born in the Scottish capital city of Edinburgh and raised in the town of Peebles, Tweeddale, Scotland. He attended Peebles High School in Peebles.
Music and Radio.
In August 2007, Greens founded the DimeRock Records record label and the Calzo Houdini studio team. Greens has produced songs with notable artists such as Lykke Li, Peter, Bjorn and John, Empire of the Sun (band), Luke Steele and The Streets. In 2009 Greens became a member of The Music Producers Guild in the UK.
In December 2010 when it was agreed that Gerard Butler's Evil Twins Productions would produce the movie Playing for Keeps (2012), Greens was asked to write and produce a piece of music to be used in the soundtrack of the movie. The piece of music was dropped from the project as it no longer fit in with the script changes when Eclectic Pictures were brought on board as a producer of the film.
In January 2011 Greens co-founded the musical and artistic group Six Impossible Things whose members perform live music, mixing and art at various venues throughout South East Asia.
In March 2012 Greens wrote and produced the debut single of hip-hop artist Shep 3rd reaching #5 on the UK iTunes chart, peaking ahead of Eminem.
In June 2012, Greens moved the DimeRock Records record label over to The Bangkok Media Group and subsequently became a director of the company. Greens along with Bangkok Media Group founded BKKMG Radio Network which partners with stations and online networks throughout South East Asia, UK, Europe, Australia and SiriusXM in the US.
On 22 January 2014, the first single titled 'Where you go, papa?' from the album 'Calzo Houdini' was released. The song features The World Time Orchestra.
Comedy.
Greens has collaborated on two stand up comedy shows which are to be performed at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 2014 by Scottish comedians.
Personal life.
Callum James Greens lives in Bangkok, Thailand. Greens is an Atheist. Greens is a supporter of the activist Anonymous Group and takes interest in the Swedish Pirate Party political initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="31220083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220083" title="Cosmopterix gielisorum">
Cosmopterix gielisorum

Cosmopterix gielisorum is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Ecuador.
Adults have been recorded in October.
Description.
Male. Forewing length 4.8 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex shining olive brown with greenish and reddish reflections, neck tufts and collar olive brown with reddish reflection; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, brown lined laterally; scape dark brown with a white anterior line, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to one-half, in middle interrupted, followed towards apex by fourteen dark brown segments, eleven white, eleven dark brown and five white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining olive brown with greenish and reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: shining olive brown, foreleg and midleg dark brown dorsally, femora of midleg and hindleg shining ochreous, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one, two and segment three in basal half, segment five entirely white, tibia of midleg with an oblique narrow white basal line, a white medial spot and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with a lateral white line and a white apical ring, segment two with a white dorsal line in the distal half and segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, but with an additional ochreous subapical ring and blackish brown hair pencils before and after the medial line, tarsal segments one to three dark greyish brown, segment four dorsally white and segment five entirely white, spurs ochreous-white dorsally, dark grey ventrally. Forewing shining greyish brown with reddish gloss, costal half from base towards transverse fascia and below fold olive brown, four very narrow white lines with greenish reflection in the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-third, bending from costa in distal third, a medial above fold, almost from base to just before the end of the subcostal, an oblique and very short subdorsal from one-third, a short dorsal from beyond base to one-fifth, a yellow transverse fascia in the middle, greyish brown in dorsal half, with a long apical protrusion in the middle and extending as an apical line into the apical cilia, bordered at the inner edge by two tubercular very pale golden metallic subcostal and dorsal spots with greenish reflection, the subcostal spot much more towards base and with patch of blackish scales on outside, bordered at the outer edge by two similar coloured longitudinal costal and dorsal spots, both spots opposite, the outer costal spot lined brown inwardly, a long white costal streak beyond the outer costal spot, cilia olive brown, greyish brown towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brownish grey with some reddish gloss, cilia greyish brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, the white costal streak and the yellow apical line distinctly visible, hindwing shining greyish-brown.
Etymology.
The species is dedicated to Dr. Cees Gielis and his wife Siska, Lexmond, The Netherlands, as collectors of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="31220084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220084" title="IPv4 Residual Deployment">
IPv4 Residual Deployment

IPv4 Residual Deployment (4rd) is an IPv6 transition mechanism that permits providing IPv4 services across the IPv6 network of an Internet service provider (ISP).
4rd is similar tunneling technology to IPv6 rapid deployment (6rd), the mechanism specified for IPv6 rapid deployment across IPv4 networks (RFC 5569 and RFC 5969). While 6rd targets early phases of the transition period form IPv4 to IPv6, when some networks do not directly route IPv6 packets, 4rd targets advanced phases when some networks route IPv6 packets and no longer IPv4 packets. On these networks, 4rd maintains a residual IPv4-service for customers that still need it.
Principles.
4rd belongs to the family of transition mechanisms based on IP-in-IP tunnels. This approach, unlike those based on IPv4-IPv6 translation mechanisms (RFC 6145), fully preserves network end-to-end transparency to IPv4 packets. 
Within this family, and like 6rd, 4rd uses automatic and stateless mappings between IPv6 and IPv4 addresses. Also like 6rd, it uses direct tunnel paths between customer nodes, a difference with centralized approaches of the Hubs and Spokes model of RFC 4925. 
In recognition of IPv4 address exhaustion, 4rd includes a mechanism to statically share IPv4 addresses among several customers. With it, each 4rd customer node is assigned an exclusive set of ports that it can use freely for TCP, UDP, etc. This assignment is such that no customer has any of the first 4,096 ports (they have more value than others), that all other ports are distributed, and that the process is algorithmic (no parameter needs to be configured by ISP's).
History.
After several early proposals from individual sources, an Internet Draft was submitted to the IETF, in March 2011, by four authors from independent origins. 
Before that, four Japanese ISPs had expressed their intention to adopt 4rd as a solution for IPv4 across their IPv6 networks.

</doc>
<doc id="31220085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220085" title="Super column">
Super column

A super column is a tuple (a pair) with a binary super column name and a value that maps it to many columns. They consist of a key-value pairs, where the values are columns. Theoretically speaking, super columns are (sorted) associative array of columns. Similar to a regular column family where a row is a sorted map of column names and column values, a row in a super column family is a sorted map of super column names that maps to column names and column values. 
A super column is part of a keyspace (data model) together with other super columns and column families, and columns.
Code example.
Written in the JSON-like syntax, a super column definition can be like this:

</doc>
<doc id="31220103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220103" title="Eugene B. Depew Field">
Eugene B. Depew Field

Eugene B. Depew Field is a baseball venue located on the campus of Bucknell University in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, USA. It is home to the Bucknell University Bison college baseball team of the Division I Patriot League. The field has a seating capacity of 500 spectators and was built in 1990.
Naming.
On April 17, 2003, it was dedicated to Bucknell baseball coach Eugene Depew, a Bucknell alumnus (Class of 1971) and coach of the program from 1982–2012. Depew retired after the 2012 season as the longest serving coach of Bucknell baseball.
Renovations.
In 2009, a FieldTurf surface was installed at the field. Renovations continued in 2010, when a new backstop, dugouts, and fencing were installed.

</doc>
<doc id="31220109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220109" title="Cosmopterix gomezpompai">
Cosmopterix gomezpompai

Cosmopterix gomezpompai is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Costa Rica.
Adults have been recorded in June. They have been observed twirling and dancing on a leaf.
Description.
Female. Forewing length 3.2 mm. Head: frons shining silvery grey with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex shining dark brown, neck tufts shining dark brown with reddish reflection, laterally and medially lined white, medial white line very narrow, collar shining dark brown; labial palpus first segment very short, greyish white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, dark brown with greyish white longitudinal lines laterally, third segment white, lined dark brown laterally, tip white; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base changing to an interrupted line to beyond one-half, followed towards apex by eight to ten dark brown segments, two white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown and seven white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining dark brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae narrowly lined white inwardly. Legs: foreleg and midleg shining brownish grey, hindlegs shining dark brown, femora of hindleg with strong golden gloss, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one, two and basal half of three, tibia of midleg with a white oblique medial line and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one and two with a short white dorsal streak at apex, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with white oblique basal and medial lines, a pale golden subapical spot and a white apical ring, tarsal segment three dorsally and segments four and five entirely white, spurs dark greyish brown. Forewing shining dark brown with reddish gloss, three white lines in the basal area, a subcostal from one-tenth to one fifth, bending from costa distally, a short medial above fold, its centre just below the tip of the subcostal, a subdorsal underneath the medial and slightly longer, a dark yellowish transverse fascia beyond the middle, strongly irrorated with dark brown scales so that only a patch of yellow scales remains in middle of apical half, bordered at the inner edge by a tubercular pale golden metallic fascia almost perpendicular at dorsum, bordered at the outer edge by an irregular inwardly oblique tubercular pale golden metallic fascia, a white costal streak connected to the outer fascia, the apical line as a short white streak in the middle on dorsum of the apical area and a white streak in the apical cilia, cilia dark brown at apex, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark greyish brown, cilia pale brown. Underside: forewing and hindwing shining brownish grey. Abdomen dorsally shining dark brown, ventrally shining dark greyish brown, segments broadly banded shining white posteriorly, segment six entirely dark brown, anal tuft dark brown with golden gloss.
Etymology.
The species is dedicated to Dr. Arturo Gómez-Pompa, University of California, Riverside, United States, who is a member of the International Advisory Board of the Instituto National de Biodiversidad (INBio), Santo Domingo de Heredia, Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="31220110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220110" title="Cosmopolitan Club">
Cosmopolitan Club

Cosmopolitan Club may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31220116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220116" title="Leopold Canal (Baden-Württemberg)">
Leopold Canal (Baden-Württemberg)

The Leopold Canal () is a flood-relief canal in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It has a length of and flows from a junction with the River Elz, at Riegel am Kaiserstuhl, to Niederhausen, where it enters the River Rhine.

</doc>
<doc id="31220122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220122" title="Gabriel Farfan">
Gabriel Farfan

Gabriel Farfan (born June 23, 1988 in San Diego, California) is an American soccer player currently playing for Chiapas of Liga MX.
Career.
Youth and College.
Played club soccer with the La Jolla Nomads of San Diego where he captured numerous team titles, including the 2002 national championship. He also played in the Youth World Championships in Japan in 2000. In 2004 he joined IMG Soccer Academy and remained there until enrolling at California State University, Fullerton in the Spring of 2006. After two years with the Cal State Fullerton Titans in which he played with his twin brother Michael Farfan, he joined the youth system of Mexico's Club América. He remained at Club América for two years before returning to the United States.
During his college years Farfan also played extensively in the USL Premier Development League, for Orange County Blue Star, Ventura County Fusion and the Los Angeles Legends.
Professional.
After trialling with the club during the 2011 MLS pre-season, Farfan signed with Philadelphia Union on March 18, 2011 He made his professional debut the following day, in Philadelphia's opening game of the 2011 MLS season, a 1-0 win over Houston Dynamo. Farfan scored his first professional goal on May 28, 2011, in a comprehensive 6-2 victory over Toronto FC. 
International.
Farfan was a member of the United States U-17 and played in the 2005 Youth World Cup.
Career statistics.
Club.
Updated December 24, 2013
Personal.
Gabriel's twin brother, Michael Farfan, is another professional soccer player playing for Cruz Azul. The two were teammates from 2011-2013 with the Philadelphia Union.

</doc>
<doc id="31220126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220126" title="Thomas Magarey">
Thomas Magarey

Thomas Magarey (1825 – 31 August 1902) was an Irish-born miller and pastoralist who, with his brother James, migrated to Nelson, New Zealand in 1842 (aged 17), and to Adelaide, South Australia in 1845 (aged 20). He was also one of the Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1860–1862 for West Torrens, and one of the South Australian Legislative Council 1865-1867. He was also intensely religious, setting up the first Church of Christ in Australia by 1849, and joining the Plymouth Brethren in 1872.
Magarey was born on 25 February 1825 in County Down, Ireland. He married Elizabeth Verco on 13 March 1848, first living at Noarlunga, then moving to Hindmarsh in 1849 where, with his brother James, he had bought the Hindmarsh flour-mill from John Ridley. In the 1850s he moved to Enfield, South Australia. Elizabeth and Thomas had 10 children and many grandchildren. In 1880 he "converted" to the Plymouth Brethren,leaving the Church of Christ. He died at his farm at Enfield on 31 August 1902.
Family.
His second son, Dr. Sylvanus James Magarey (21 October 1850 – 24 March 1901) sat in the Legislative Council for Central Districts from May 1888 to April 1897. He was a noted surgeon with close connections to the Adelaide Children's Hospital, and religious teetotaller; one of the founders of the Church of Christ in Australia. His brother Cromwell and son Frank were both medical men.
His brother James (ca.1818 – 11 August 1859) ran Gannawarra Station on Gunbower Creek (a tributary of the River Murray), later owned a flour mill in Hindmarsh, South Australia, then moved to "Laurel Bank Villa", Geelong, Victoria. He drowned following the wreck of the SS Admella. His son, William James Magarey (1840 – 15 December 1920), worked on the station, moved to Geelong with his father; owned flour mills at Hindmarsh and Port Pirie, and sat in the House of Assembly seat of West Torrens from April 1878 to March 1881. 
His great nephew (son of William James Magarey) was lawyer and sportsman William Ashley Magarey (30 January 1868 – 18 October 1929) of Magarey Medal fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31220140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220140" title="Sovetsky City District, Kazan">
Sovetsky City District, Kazan

Sovetsky City District (; ) is a city district of Kazan, the capital of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia. It occupies the northeastern and eastern parts of Kazan, and is the most populous district of the city. Its area is . Population: The head of the district is Rustem Gafarov.
The district has one of the three largest in the city and the latest among them the time construction (1990s) "sleeping" area Azino (south-eastern part of the area), residential areas along the Siberian tract and Arskii fields Territories microdistricts Tankodrom, Adel Kutuy (in common parlance - Adelka), a large urban-type settlement Derbyshki and several other peripheral settlements, including included in the city of Kazan has recently (in 1998 and 2004) as well as several large industrial enterprises in industrial zones.
The district extends seal of existing and new construction of "sleeping" microdistricts of mass residential development - Kazan - XXI (formerly Takeoff in place of the old airport) Culon-stroy and other. According to the general plan of city development, planned renovation of the residential quarters of industrial zones along the street Guards in south-western part of the district, as well as the newly annexed to the city (in 2004.) Unused areas - development through enterprise, derived from the inner city, industrial area east of Kazankompressormash) and the construction of no less than Azino new "sleeping" area of mass multi-storey buildings Zanoksinskiy-Novoe Azino, Azino-east of the locality Voznesenskoye.
Previously, before 1956 the main part of the district was the Molotovskiy district which in 1934 was split from the eastern part of the Bauman district (formed in 1918).
In the district there are:

</doc>
<doc id="31220143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220143" title="Otto Willi Gail">
Otto Willi Gail

Otto Willi Gail (18 July 1896 – 29 March 1956) was a German science journalist and author.
Gail was born in Gunzenhausen, Mittelfranken. He studied electrical engineering and physics at the Technical University Munich. He worked for newspapers and radio broadcasting and wrote non-fiction books about physics, astronomy and space travel. He also wrote science fiction novels to delight the youth for these themes. He had good relations to the German space pioneers Max Valier and Hermann Oberth. As a result of these relationships he acquired special knowledge that influenced his books and gave them much details. His novels were translated into American English and influenced early American utopian literature. He died in Munich.
R. D. Mullen noted that "Der Schuß ins All" is "justly famous for the realistic detail with which it depicts the construction of a rocket ship, its launching into space, and the experiences of its crew."
Of (the English version of) "Hans Hardts Mondfahrt," Richard Godwin writes "this novel for young adults is an accurate mirror of many of the space travel concepts that have been discussed by pre-war European experts," and continues, "Otto Willi Gail was one of the most popular science fiction authors in Germany during the early 20th century."

</doc>
<doc id="31220146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220146" title="Cosmopterix harpalyke">
Cosmopterix harpalyke

Cosmopterix harpalyke is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Distrito Federal).
Adults have been recorded in March and November.
Description.
Male, female. Forewing length 3.5-4 mm. Head: frons shining white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts brown with reddish gloss, medially and laterally lined white, collar brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, laterally with brown lines; scape dark brown with a white anterior line and a yellowish white dorsal line, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown, a white line from base to beyond one-half, followed towards apex by an indistinct annulate section of approximately eight segments, three dark brown, three white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown and eight white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: dark greyish brown, femora of midleg and hindleg shining pale ochreous, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one to three and five, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one and two with white lateral lines from base on outside and connected to a dorsal white spot apically, segment three with a white line on the outside to beyond one half, segment five white dorsally, tibia of hindleg as midleg, tarsal segment one with white basal and apical rings, segment two with a white apical ring, segments three to five white dorsally, spurs white, ventrally ochreous-grey. Forewing brown with reddish gloss, five white lines in the basal area, narrower in female, a broad costal from one-third to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to one-third, slightly bending from costa, a short and straight medial above fold from one-quarter to two-fifths, a little longer subdorsal below fold, slightly further from base than the medial, a dorsal from or beyond base to the middle of the subdorsal, a broad yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a small apical protrusion, in female smaller as in male, bordered at the inner edge by two pale golden metallic tubercular subcostal and subdorsal spots, the subcostal spot outwardly edged by a small patch of blackish brown scales, the subdorsal spot slightly further from base and a little larger, bordered at the outer edge by two similarly coloured costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot three times as large as the costal, a white costal streak from outer costal spot, a shining white apical line connected to the apical protrusion, narrower and interrupted in the female, cilia brown around apex, brownish ochreous towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark brownish grey, cilia brownish ochreous. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, the white costal streak and apical line distinctly visible, hindwing shining brownish grey. Abdomen dorsally brownish yellow, ventrally grey, in the middle shining white, segments banded shining white posteriorly, anal tuft yellowish white, the female abdomen is dorsally greyish brown, mixed orange, segments banded greyish brown posteriorly, ventrally shining white, segment six greyish brown, anal tuft dorsally grey, ventrally whitish.
Etymology.
The species is named after Harpalyke, a moon of Jupiter. To be treated as a noun in apposition.

</doc>
<doc id="31220163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220163" title="Aklan Provincial Board">
Aklan Provincial Board

The Aklan Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Aklan.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending five members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for five members, with the five candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31220173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220173" title="Cosmopterix helike">
Cosmopterix helike

Cosmopterix helike is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Goias).
Adults have been recorded in May.
Description.
Male. Forewing length 3.7 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-grey with greenish and reddish and reflections, vertex and neck tufts shining dark bronze brown with greenish and reddish and gloss, laterally and medially lined white, collar shining dark brown with greenish and reddish and gloss; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally; scape dorsally dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally white, antenna shining dark brown, with a short white line at base changing into an interrupted line to two-thirds, followed towards apex by three dark brown segments, one white, three dark brown and fifteen white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining dark brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: shining dark brown with reddish gloss, femora of midleg and hindleg shining ochreous-grey with golden gloss, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one to three and five, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with a whitish lateral line on the outside and a white apical spot, segment two with a white apical spot and segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique silvery white line at base, a less oblique silvery white medial streak and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with a silvery white basal streak on dorsum and an ochreous-grey apical ring, segments two to four with ochreous-grey apical rings, segment five entirely white, spurs ochreous-white dorsally, dark brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark brown with reddish gloss, four narrow white lines the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-quarter, bending from costa in distal third, a short medial above fold, its centre under the tip of the subcostal, a subdorsal similar to the medial, but slightly further from base, a short and very narrow dorsal from beyond base to one-fifth, a yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, mixed greyish, narrowed towards dorsum, bordered at the inner edge by a tubercular silver metallic fascia with greenish and reddish reflections, bordered at the outer edge by two tubercular silver metallic costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot more than three times as large as the costal and more towards base, a small subcostal patch of blackish brown scales subcostally on the outside of the fascia, the costal and dorsal spots irregularly lined dark brown on the inside, a white costal streak from the costal spot, the apical line reduced to a few white scales in the middle of the apical area, followed by a shining white spot in the cilia at apex, cilia dark brown, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark greyish brown with greenish and reddish gloss, cilia brown. Underside: forewing shining dark brown, the white costal streak and the white spot at apex distinctly visible, hindwing shining dark greyish brown. Abdomen dorsally shining dark brown with greenish and reddish reflections, laterally dark brown, ventrally shining ochreous with segments banded shining white posteriorly, anal tuft brown.
Etymology.
The species is named after Helike, a moon of Jupiter. To be treated as a noun in apposition.

</doc>
<doc id="31220183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220183" title="SUPERTOON">
SUPERTOON

Supertoon (stylized as SUPERTOON) is an international animation festival taking place between 28 July and 2 August 2013, in Šibenik .
The purpose of the Festival is to systematically monitor and provide an insight into recent Croatian and world short-meter animation film and video production through a range of competition and out-of-competition programmes. Additional aim is to create a platform for a direct communication and exchange of ideas and experiences for all festival participants and guests.
Festival Competition programme.
Festival Competition programme is divided into three categories: 
In addition to competition categories, Supertoon programme includes panoramas, retrospectives and theme screenings, exhibitions, workshops and lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="31220190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220190" title="Cosmopterix hermippe">
Cosmopterix hermippe

Cosmopterix hermippe is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Distrito Federal).
Adults have been recorded in March.
Description.
Female. Forewing length 4.0 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-grey with greenish and reddish and reflections, vertex and neck tufts dark bronze brown with reddish gloss, collar dark bronze brown; labial palpus first segment very short, ochreous-grey, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined dark brown laterally; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to beyond one-half, interrupted in middle, followed towards apex by five dark brown segments, six white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown and eight white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining dark bronze brown with reddish gloss. Legs: dark brown with reddish gloss, femora of midleg and hindleg shining ochreous-grey, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one and two, segment four with white apical spot, segment five entirely white, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one, two and four with white apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a white oblique medial line and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with a white basal spot and an ochreous apical ring, segments two and three with ochreous apical rings, segment four dorsally and segment five entirely ochreous-white, spurs white, ventrally greyish brown. Forewing dark bronze brown with reddish gloss, three white lines in the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-quarter, slightly bending from costa in distal half, a short medial above fold, ending just beyond the subcostal, a subdorsal below fold, about as long as the medial, but slightly further from base, some indistinct white edging on dorsum beyond base, and sometimes an indistinct and very narrow short costal just before the transverse fascia, but not connected with it, a broad yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a very small and narrow apical protrusion, bordered at inner edge by two pale golden metallic tubercular subcostal and subdorsal spots the subcostal spot outwardly edged by a small patch of blackish brown scales, the subdorsal spot slightly further from base and a little larger than the costal, bordered at the outer edge by two similarly coloured costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot three times as large as the costal and more towards base, both spots inwardly partly lined dark brown, a white costal streak from outer costal spot, a narrow apical line from or just beyond the apical protrusion, slightly widening towards apex, cilia dark brown around apex, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark greyish brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, the white streak in the apical cilia distinctly visible, hindwing shining greyish brown. Abdomen dorsally greyish brown, mixed orange, segments banded greyish brown posteriorly, laterally greyish brown, ventrally shining dark grey, segments banded shining white posteriorly, anal tuft brownish grey.
Etymology.
The species is named after Hermippe, a moon of Jupiter. To be treated as a noun in apposition.

</doc>
<doc id="31220202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220202" title="UJA-Federation of New York">
UJA-Federation of New York

UJA-Federation of New York, (United Jewish Appeal - Federation of Jewish Philanthropies of New York, Inc) is the largest local philanthropy in the world. Headquartered in New York City, the organization raises and allocates funds annually to fulfill a mission to “care for people in need, inspire a passion for Jewish life and learning, and strengthen Jewish communities in New York, in Israel, and around the world.” 
UJA-Federation provides funding to support a network of more than 100 health, human-service, educational, and community-building agencies and dozens of grantees in New York, Israel, and 60 other countries. These community-based organizations offer a multitude of services to combat poverty, help the elderly age with dignity, promote Jewish identity and renewal, strengthen connections between the Jewish people worldwide, care for people with disabilities and special needs, and stand in support of the people of Israel. 
UJA-Federation, as it is known today, was created from the 1986 merger of the United Jewish Appeal, established in 1939, and the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies of New York, a predecessor organization established in 1917.
UJA-Federation announced total revenue for the 2010 fiscal year at $180.7 million, including $136.1 million for the 2010 Annual Campaign, $39.3 million in planned giving & endowments, and $5.3 million in capital gifts and special initiatives. In 2011, UJA-Federation raised a total of $188 million, including $137.4 million from the annual campaign, $41.6 million from bequests and planned gifts, and $9 million from special initiatives and capital funds.
Leadership.
Alisa Robbins Doctoroff was appointed president of UJA-Federation of New York on July 1, 2013; Linda Mirels was appointed chair of the board. John S. Ruskay, who has been executive vice president & CEO since 1999, announced his plan to step down in June 2014 . Eric S. Goldstein was elected as CEO on January 23, 2014 and will assume the position on July 1, 2014.
Location of materials for research on the UJA-Federation of New York.
Over the course of a four year project, American Jewish Historical Society will be minimally processing, describing, and making available a collection of archival material connected with the projects and philanthropic mission of the UJA-Federation. The collection is currently unavailable, but beginning 2016, the processed materials will be open to all researchers, except items that are restricted.

</doc>
<doc id="31220222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220222" title="Spade Ranch Store">
Spade Ranch Store

The Spade Ranch Store or Morgan's Store is a general store in the small town of Ellsworth, Nebraska providing supplies and services to area ranchers and passing motorists . Built in 1898 as a company store as well as the main offices for the expansive Spade Ranch, the store was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
History.
In the early 1890s, Ellsworth located on the Burlington Railroad line, offered only a depot, school, and section house. In about 1898 the Spade Ranch erected a store, a hotel, and stockyards. The store building, built by W.T. Merrit, served as office headquarters for the ranch, a general supply store and a post office. At the height of the Spade Ranch operations, a six-team wagon made trips from the Ellsworth Store to the store located at the Spade Headquarters 23 miles north east every three days. In 1927 after the foreclosure of the ranch, the store building was sold to Abbott Interest who hired Lawrence Graham to assume its management. Between 1928 and 1950, Lawrence and his wife, Hazel, operated the store, living in the apartment above. During this time, gasoline pumps were added. In 1950, Lawrence and Hazel Graham purchased the store from Abbott Interest. After Lawrence's death in 1960, Hazel and her son, Roy, continued to operate the store until 1967. The store remained vacant from 1967 until 1971, when it was sold to Veldon Morgan, a former Spade Cowboy, and son Wade Morgan who built two large warehouse additions to the original store for use as a western tack and saddle manufacturing plant with over 200 employees. Morgan's western equipment was sold nationwide and achieved much success throughout the 1970s and 1980s. Beginning in the early 1990s Morgan's began to downsize until 2000 when all factory operations ceased because of shifting markets. Today Wade Morgan operates as a ranch supply and general store, serving Ellsworth and the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="31220229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220229" title="GH episodes">
GH episodes

GH Episodes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31220247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220247" title="Maine Black Bears men's basketball">
Maine Black Bears men's basketball

The Maine Black Bears men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents University of Maine in Orono, Maine, United States. The school's team currently competes in the America East Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="31220248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220248" title="Cole White">
Cole White

Cole Michael White (born April 3, 1985) is a baseball outfielder.
Education.
White grew up in Midland, Texas, and later attended Midland High School. Upon graduation, he attended the United States Military Academy at West Point. Feeling that he "needed to do something" after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, which took place during his junior year of high school, White eventually turned down an offer from Texas Tech University and several junior colleges in favor of Army. Prior to White joining the Army, the only member of his family with any military experience is his grandfather on his mother's side, Michael Carroll, who was in the Navy during World War II.
While at Army, White played baseball for the Army Black Knights. During his college playing career, he was named the 2005 Patriot League Rookie of the Year and the 2007 conference player of the year. He led all Patriot League players in hit-by-pitch during his junior year which earned him the"Stay Tight" team award. He finished what he called "the best four years of his life" baseball-wise by leading his team to the 2008 Patriot League regular-season championship, primarily as a pitcher and outfielder."
Military service.
In the spring of 2008, he graduated from West Point and was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates that June, and assigned to the State College Spikes. However, due to a United States Army policy, all West Point cadets are required to serve two years of active duty upon graduation. While the Alternative Service Option in 2005 allowed professional athletes to delay this obligation until the conclusion of their playing careers, new guidelines in 2008 stated that any cadet interested in pursuing a professional sports career must serve two years of active duty before applying for a release from the military." Cole though had a five-year commitment to the Army.
The rule states:
Cadets accepted into the program, "will owe two years of active service in the Army, during which time they will be allowed to play their sport in the player-development systems of their respective organizations and be assigned to recruiting stations. If they remain in professional sports following those two years, they will be provided the option of buying out the remaining three years of their active-duty commitment in exchange for six years of reserve time."
Prior to his call-up to the Army, White obtained a .366 batting average in over 71 at-bats with the Spikes. He returned to West Point, where he enrolled in an officer training program while serving as an intern in the athletic department. He later served as a first lieutenant, serving as a tank platoon leader with the 1st Cavalry Division. During his 2-year Army career, White was stationed at West Point, Fort Sill in Oklahoma, Fort Knox in Kentucky and Fort Hood in Texas. He arrived at Fort Hood a month before the 2009 terrorist shootings by Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Malik Hasan."
Return to baseball.
In June 2010 the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Thomas R. Lamont, gave White an early release from his 5-year active-duty commitment. He then rejoined the Pirates organization, who reassigned him back to the State College Spikes. At the end of his professional career, White will still owe three more years of service to the Army. In 2010, White had a batting average of .250 in 144 at-bats. In April 2011, White was promoted to Pirates' Single A-Advance team, the Bradenton Marauders. In May 2011 the Pirates moved White down from Bradenton to the Low-A West Virginia Power. At 26, White was the oldest player on the Power roster by more than two years. 
However, with the Power, he hit .288 with 23 RBIs in 35 games. Once Marauders first baseman Aaron Baker was dealt to the Baltimore Orioles - as part of the Pittsburgh Pirates' trade for Derrek Lee - on July 30, 2011, White returned to Bradenton. In his first 18 at-bats since being called-up, White posted at .440 batting average, going 8-18.
White retired prior to the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31220261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220261" title="Armudu">
Armudu

Armudu or Armudu stəkan (Armudu glass), or sometimes called Boğmalı is a type of glass used for drinking black tea in Azerbaijan.
Introduction.
Azeri tea is usually served first when host receives guests. Tea serving and drinking is important component of Azerbaijani culture. Armudu which translates as "in the shape of a pear" or Boğmalı, which translates "narrow", as it is also called, remind a shape of a pear and is sometimes associated with a figure of a hostess in Azeri culture.
The Armudu is made from variety of materials: glass, porcelain, faience, silver. Besides the aesthetical qualities, Armudu also has thermophysical advantages. The narrower middle portion of the glass does not allow the hot liquid in the bottom of the glass flow upwards but returns the warm flow back to the bottom. This allows the tea to remain hot until the tea is consumed in full. The Armudu tea glasses are often 100 grams in weight. The tea is poured into the glass but not up to the top. Usually a gap of 1–2 cm which is called "dodağ yeri" ("place for lips" in Azeri) in the folk, is left for the consumer's lips for comfortable drinking.
Warm tea.
There are three reasons why the shape of the glass matters. Firstly, this type of glass is easy to hold because its top side is more wide than the middle which prevents it from slipping out of hands. Secondly, because the top part becomes less hot, it prevents from burning hands. Thirdly, it was proven that differing from regular glasses and cups in which hot liquids cool equally, the hot tea in Armudu glasses provides proportional cooling at the time of drinking allowing cooling of the tea in the top portion of the glass and keeping the botton part hot.

</doc>
<doc id="31220269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220269" title="Manal bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum">
Manal bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum

Manal bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (Arabic منال بنت محمد بن راشد آل مكتوم ) (born 12 November 1977), is a United Arab Emirati politician and member of ruling family of Dubai. She is most popularly known as the President of Dubai Women Establishment.
Personal life and education.
She is the eldest child of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, current ruler of Dubai, and half sister of Crown Prince Hamdan.
Sheikha Manal graduated to a Bachelor's degree in Interior Design and a Master's in Marketing of the American University of Dubai.
She married her longtime partner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi on May 2, 2005. They have four children: daughter Fatma (born June 9, 2006), sons Mohammed (born December 4, 2007) and Hamdan (born June 21, 2011), and daughter Lateefa (born January 23, 2014).
Activities.
Sheikha Manal works to help women achieve success in the UAE's economic, social, sports, arts and political arenas.
Dubai Ladies Club.
In 2003, Sheikha Manal founded the Dubai Ladies Club. 
Dubai Ladies Club is a private members club for women. It is used for informal business meetings and corporate events.
Dubai Women Establishment.
In November 2006, Sheikha Manal initiated Dubai Women Establishment (DWE). The main objective of this new institution is clear:

</doc>
<doc id="31220279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220279" title="Doppio Borgato">
Doppio Borgato

Doppio Borgato is a double piano of extensive form, joining a concert grand together with a second piano, activated by a pedal board with 37 pedals (A0 to A3), similar to that of the organ. Designed and hand-crafted by Luigi Borgato, it was patented in 2000.
Compositions for Doppio Borgato.
Specifically for Doppio Borgato are composed:

</doc>
<doc id="31220281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220281" title="Dinosaur vision">
Dinosaur vision

In general, dinosaurs were thought to have better vision than most other reptiles, but this can vary wildly between species. Coelurosaurs, for example, had good stereoscopic or binocular vision, whereas large carnosaurs had much weaker eyesight, comparable to that of modern alligators.
Theropoda.
Carnosauria.
Most Carnosaurs, including "Carcharodontosaurus" and "Allosaurus", did not have a very good sense of vision, and their senses were comparable to modern alligators. They possessed binocular vision which was restricted to a region only 20° wide, which is understandable, seeing as they hunted mostly large and slow prey. Their keenest sense was probably smell.
Deinonychosauria.
Deinonychosaurs, like "Troodon" and "Deinonychus", had more powerful vision than carnosaurs. Their binocular field was up to 60°. Some palaeontologists theorize that they could also have night vision.
Tyrannosauridae.
Among coelurosauria, tyrannosauroidea have the best eyesight. The position of their eyes suggests that they had a very well developed sense of vision.
We know that "Tyrannosaurus rex"'s position of the eyes were similar to that of modern humans. But their eyes and optic lobe were much larger than that of modern humans. "T. rex", unlike most dinosaurs, had a combination of powerful eyesight and great sense of smell.
Ceratosauria.
Ceratosaurs, the most primitive theropods, had eyes placed closer to the side. This widened their field of vision, but decreased their depth perception.
Pachycephalosaurs.
Pachycephalosaurs, like most of the plant-eaters, had eyes on the sides of its head, so it could quickly spot approaching predators. It also had depth perception.

</doc>
<doc id="31220408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220408" title="De Witt (family)">
De Witt (family)

De Witt is the name of an old Dutch patrician and regenten family. Originally of Dordrechts origin, the genealogy of the family begins with Jan de Witte, a patrician who lived around 1295. The family have played an important role during the Dutch Golden Age. They were at the centre of Dordrecht and Holland oligarchy from the end of the 16th century until 1672.
The De Witt family during the Dutch Golden Age.
During the Dutch Golden Age, the De Witt family was very critical of the influence of the House of Orange-Nassau. They belonged to the republican political movement, also referred to as the ‘state oriented’, as opposed to the Royalists. Together with the Republican political leaders at Dordrecht, the Van Slingelandts, and at Amsterdam the leading Bicker family and their relatives of the family De Graeff, the De Witts strove for the abolition of stadtholdership. They desired the full sovereignty of the individual regions in a form in which the Republic of the United Seven Netherlands was not ruled by a single person. Instead of a sovereign (or stadtholder), the political and military power was lodged with the States General and with the regents of the cities in Holland.
During the two decades from the 1650 to the 1670s the De Witt family had a leading role in the Dutch administration. This period was also referred to by Republicans as the "Ware Vrijheid" (True Freedom), the First Stadtholderless Period which lasted from 1650 to 1672.
In Rampjaar 1672, when the Orangists took power again and the brothers Johan and Cornelis de Witt were murdered, the family lost their position as one of the key States party families.

</doc>
<doc id="31220409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220409" title="Gorton Government">
Gorton Government

The Gorton Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister John Gorton. It was made up of members of a Liberal Party of Australia-Country Party of Australia coalition in the Australian Parliament from January 1968 to March 1971.
Background.
The Liberal Party of Australia-Country Party of Australia Coalition, led by Prime Minister Harold Holt, won the November 1966 election against the Australian Labor Party opposition led by Arthur Calwell. The Coalition won a substantial majority – the Liberals winning 61 seats and the Country Party 21 - with the Labor Party winning 41 and 1 Independent in the Australian House of Representatives (respresenting the largest parliamentary majority in 65 years). The Coalition had governed since 1949, and the Liberal Party had replaced the retiring Robert Menzies with Holt in January 1966.
Following the 1966 election, Gough Whitlam replaced Arthur Calwell as Leader of the Opposition. On 17 December 1967, Holt disappeared in heavy surf while swimming off Cheviot Beach, near Melbourne, becoming the third Australian Prime Minister to die in office. Country Party leader John McEwen served as Prime Minister from 19 December 1967 to 10 January 1968, pending the election of a new leader of the Liberal Party of Australia. McEwen ruled out maintaining the Coalition if deputy Liberal leader William McMahon became Prime Minister. John McEwen, leader of the Country Party, had been sworn in as caretaker Prime Minister until a new Liberal leader was elected. McEwen had ruled out further participation in the Coalition if William McMahon, the deputy Liberal leader, became Prime Minister. The Minister for External Affairs, Paul Hasluck, Minister for Labour and National Service Leslie Bury and Minister for Immigration Billy Snedden, also nominated for election to the leadership. Gorton won the leadership election with a small majority and resigned from the Senate to stand for election to Higgins, the House of Represensatives seat formerly held by Harold Holt, which he achieved on 24 February 1968.
John Gorton.
John Gorton had studied Politics, History and Economics at Oxford University and served as pilot in the Royal Australian Airforce during the Second World War. His aircraft crashed during the defence of Singapore, and Gorton was badly injured. His face remained forever scarred, but Gorton managed to escape, only for his ship to be torpedoed at Batavia - where, by clinging to an improvised raft, he again escaped death and was able to return to Australia for medical treatment and to serve in the air defence of Northern Australian and New Guinea.
Gorton obtained a seat as a Liberal Senator at the 1949 Election and was promoted by Robert Menzies to become Minister for the Navy 9 years later and he went on to serve in various portfolios in both the Menzies and Holt Governments. In 1967, Prime Minister Harold Holt appointed Gorton as Leader of the Government in the Senate. Soon after, Holt drowned and Gorton decided to run for the office of Prime Minister, though he lacked a House of Representatives seat. Liberal Patriarch Robert Menzies favoured Paul Hasluck. Future Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser firmly backed Gorton. The leadership ballot was fervently contested. In his 2010 Memoir, "", long serving Liberal Prime Minister John Howard wrote that Gorton was the first person to win the leadership of an Australian party "through the force of his television appearances". In the lead up to the leadership vote, Gorton was little known but appeared on television, where, wrote Howard, he gave direct answers and his "relaxed, laconic manner, coupled with his crumpled war-hero face, really appealed to viewers". Political commentator Alan Reid said:
Terms in office.
Sir John Gorton became the 19th Prime Minister of Australia on 10 January 1968. He was chosen to lead the Liberal Party of Australia to replace Harold Holt, who had drowned while swimming in rough surf off the Victorian coast. Gorton departed the office of Prime Minister on 10 March 1971 after a tied Liberal party room vote of confidence in his leadership. Country Party leader John McEwen served as Deputy Prime Minister until his retirement in 1971, He was replace as Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Country Party by Doug Anthony. Defence was a prominent issue during the term of the Gorton Government; funding for the arts was expanded, rates of pay were standardised between the men and women and the mining industry grew during the period. A policy of economic centralisation led to friction with State leaders and difficulties within the coalition.
Gorton's personal style.
Gorton, a former World War II RAAF pilot, with a battle scarred face, said he was "Australian to the bootheels" and had a personal style which often affronted some conservatives. Gorton told the media that he saw the role of Prime Minister not as being like the chairman of committee, who should submit to majority votes of Cabinet, but rather that a Prime Minister should put his position to Cabinet as what ought to be done, and "if he believes strongly enough that it ought to be done, then it must be done". Accordingly, he visited President Johnson of the United States in 1968 without taking any advisors from External Affairs and interfered heavily in the preparation of Treasurer William McMahon's budgets. According to political historian Brian Carroll:
Social policy.
The Gorton Government increased funding for the arts, setting up the Australian Council for the Arts, the Australian Film Development Corporation and the National Film and Television Training School. It passed legislation establishing equal pay for men and women and increased pensions, allowances and education scholarships, as well as providing free health care to 250,000 of the nation's poor (but not universal health care).
Centralism.
Gorton had earned a reputation as a centralist during his time as an active Education Minister - a responsibility formerly considered the preserve of state governments. As prime minister, it was his decision to seek control of offshore mineral resources for the Commonwealth which cemented this reputation.
Foreign Policy.
Gorton maintained good relations with the United States and Britain, but pursued closer ties with Asia. Gorton's government kept Australia in the Vietnam War but stopped replacing troops at the end of 1970.
Defence.
Gorton initially considered support for a "Fortress Australia" defence policy that would involve building Australia's independent industrial and military capacity. The Gorton Government opposed expansion of Australia's commitment to the Vietnam War. It also faced the withdrawal of British forces from Malaysia and Singapore and after extended consideration of the development, committed to retaining forces in Malaya - but stressed that they could not be used to maintain civil law and order.
Gorton appointed his supporter, Malcolm Fraser, as Defence Minister - but the relationship between the pair deteriorated and Fraser resigned in 1971, precipitating a leadership crisis.
1969 Election and leadership tensions.
The Gorton government experienced a decline in voter support at the 1969 election. State Liberal leaders saw his policies as too Centralist, while other Liberals did not like his personal behaviour. Prior to the 1969 election, Gorton had largely retained the Holt-McEwen ministry he inherited. After the 1969 election, Malcolm Fraser replaced Allen Fairhall as Minister for Defence, Don Chipp, Senator Robert Cotton, Senator Thomas Drake-Brockman (Country Party), Mac Holten (Country Party), Tom Hughes, James Killen and Andrew Peacock were promoted into the ministry.
In his 2010 memoir, John Howard wrote of the 1969 Election that Whitlam outperformed Gorton during the Election campaign. In Howard's assessment, Gorton had an "appealing personality, direct style and was extremely intelligent" but it was his "lack of general discipline over such things as punctuality that did him damage". After the election, Gorton faced leadership challenges from David Fairbairn, a senior minister from New South Wales and from Deputy Leader Bill McMahon. Of the period Howard wrote: "By this time John McEwen had dropped his veto of McMahon, a sure sign that the Country Party had grown uneasy with Gorton's governing style.
Gorton resignation.
Tensions within the government came to a point when David Fairbairn, the Minister for National Development, announced a refusal to serve in a Gorton Cabinet. Fairbairn and Treausurer William McMahon, unsuccessfully challenged Gorton for leadership of the Liberal Party. McMahon was removed from Treasury to External Affairs and Leslie Bury was appointed Treasurer.
The Government performed poorly in the 1970 half senate election adding to pressures on Gorton's leadership. Defence minister Malcolm Fraser developed an uneasy relationship with Gorton and in early 1971, Fraser accused Gorton of being disloyal to him in a conflict with Army officials over progress in South Vietnam. Fraser was engaged in a struggle over authority with service chiefs, when in 1971, journalist Alan Ramsay published an article quoting Defence Chief Sir Thomas Daly as having described Fraser as extremely disloyal to the army and to its junior minister, Andrew Peacock. Ramsay had conferred with Gorton prior to publishing the article, but Gorton had not repudiated its contents. Fraser seized upon the report, resigned and accused Gorton of intolerable disloyalty. On 9 March Fraser told Parliament that Gorton was "not fit to hold the great office of Prime Minister". Fraser accused Gorton of obstinacy and a dangerous reluctance to take advice from Cabinet or the Public Service.
John Howard wrote of Gorton-Fraser relationship that Fraser had been one of Gorton's key backers in 1968, when Gorton secured the leadership after the death of Holt, yet "it was Fraser quitting the Government, followed by a searing resignation speech, which triggered the events producing Gorton's removal".
On 10 March, the Liberal party room moved to debate and vote on a motion of confidence in Gorton as party leader, resulting in a 33–33 tie. Under Liberal rules of the time, this meant Gorton retained the leadership. However, Gorton declared that a tie vote was not a true vote of confidence, and resigned the leadership. Former treasurer, William McMahon, replaced Gorton as Prime Minister.
Aftermath.
Gorton was elected deputy leader and was appointed as Minister for Defence by Prime Minister William McMahon. Soon after however, Gorton wrote a series of articles for the Sunday Australian entitled "I did it my way", enabling McMahon to ask for and receive Gorton's resignation from Cabinet and as Deputy Leader. Gorton became an internal critic of the party.
John Howard wrote in 2010 that the "personal animosity which flowed from the manner of Gorton's removal as prime minister was the most intense that I have ever seen in politics. Gorton never forgave Fraser for his perceived betrayal. In March 1975, when Malcolm Fraser was elected Leader of the Liberal Party, Gorton, who had voted for Snedden, immediately the result of the ballot was announced, walked out of the party room, slamming the door behind him, and never returned to the room again." Gorton contested the 1975 Election an independent candidate for the Senate.
McMahon's premiership ended when Gough Whitlam led the Australian Labor Party out of its 23 year period in Opposition at the 1972 Election.

</doc>
<doc id="31220426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220426" title="Daniels Recital Hall">
Daniels Recital Hall

Daniels Recital Hall, formerly the First Methodist Episcopal Church, is a preserved church sanctuary that has been re-purposed into a recital hall. It was built in 1908 on the northeast corner of Fifth Avenue and Marion Street in Seattle, Washington, United States. The recital hall opened in 2009 hosting concerts that use the already existing church acoustics.
The hall is owned by Nitze-Stagen & Co. who saved it in a deal that was met with the First Methodist Episcopal Church. This deal brought an end to a nearly 25 year battle for the preservation of the site.
In 2012, it was announced that Seattle-based Mars Hill Church would move its downtown Seattle congregation into the location.
Building.
Built by the architects of firm Schack and Huntington, the structure is commonly placed into the Beaux arts style of architecture. This is important in that previously churches in the area had been built in what is commonly considered the Gothic Revival style of architecture. This shift is considered to be the result of a progressive change in order to reference the new age of the 20th century. The change is thought to be a representation of a new simpler time as shown with the simple, yet still elegant exterior terracotta reliefs, and the harmonious synchronization of how these pieces become a whole.
The building's base measures at 114’ by 165’ with a maximum height of 66’ from street level. The form is a centrally planned Bastille like structure modeled after classical churches such as the order of Saints Sergius and Bacchus in Constantinople. The rectangular base rises from the ground with a terracotta vine pattern relief cornice, which has since been removed. The façade is a large beige brick with a light cream colored terracotta trim. All four sides of the base have been extruded to create 4 alcoves. There lie fenestrations on three of the four sides of the base, with original elegant stained glass windows laid into each of the openings. In the final alcove the structure houses a full pipe organ, as well as a stage which was previously used as the church's altar. On top of the base lies a cylinder with stained glass windows that allows light into the interior shaft. Above that is a 64’ in diameter dome that is covered in red terracotta tile paneling.
The main room is a large auditorium. This space is 3 stories tall going from the floor to the top of the dome measures 66’ in height. The ground level houses enough seating for 1,224 people. The west alcove is where the altar lies. In the other three are the entrance to the east, and the stairs to the three upper galleries which house an additional 600 seats. The basement houses the footing for the primary columns which extend up 72’ from the base. This below grade basement houses rooms that were previously meant as a classroom, suit for the pastor, a parlor, a banquet hall, a kitchen, and a few small multi-purpose rooms.
History.
The early history of the structure was that the ground was broken, and the foundation stone laid in 1907. The First Methodist Episcopal church had moved from an older church on 3rd Avenue and Marion Street when the building when it opened in 1908.
In 1950 the church had the addition of an education wing added to the South side of the structure. This structure ranged from 2 to 4 stories in height. The addition was to accommodate the large need of the church for a space for community outreach and religious studies. Along with this addition to the education wing, the front entrance was also the tear down and reconstruction on the front stairs on 5th avenue was completed. Due to the new design a scheme, the main entrance is now entered from each side and the back of the main room. This eliminated the original sequence of movement from street to sanctuary, and created a wall along Fifth Avenue.
Then in 1984 there was a petition submitted to the National Register of Historic Places to put the site on the list. This motion failed due to the opposition if the church itself needing to gain enough money from the sale to relocate to a more convenient location. The church, city, and preservationists were in a battle until a deal was brought to the table, and agreed upon in 2007.
The elaborate cornice of the sanctuary was removed in 1990. This removal of the cornice still affects the appearance of the building today.
The city approved plans put up by the Rainier Club for a skyscraper on the site in 2004. The plan met a great deal of resistance from preservationists. The church never reached a deal with the new development, as such the plan was never implemented.
In 2007 Daniels Development took over the land, and as the deal stated in 2008 the church education wing on the southern side of the sanctuary was torn down.
Preservation.
For the last 25 years preservation case between the city, the First Methodist Episcopal Church, preservationists, and developers. The first attempt to preserve the church was in 1984. At this time Larry Kreisman presented an application to the national historic registry to have the sanctuary placed on its list of historic places. After the city designated the sanctuary a landmark in 1985, First United won a state Supreme Court decision in 1996 that declared all religious buildings exempt from landmark status.
In 1990 the cornice was removed from the sanctuary. This was the first major change to the church itself in terms of preservation since the 1950 addition and remodel. The visual effects of this are still visible on the exterior of the church today.
Then in 2004, plans for a tower to be placed on the site gained city approval. This proposal meet resistance from preservationists, as well as church officials, for its plan of tearing down the nearly 100-year-old structure. The plan was never implemented although it led to the city asking the church what were its requests for what is to happen to the land. Although they needed to sell the land to make the needed money to relocate, they did not want the sanctuary itself to be torn down. This continued between the church, the city, preservationists, and developers until 2007 when Kevin Daniels and his company Nitze-Stagen & Co., developed a deal.
This deal was approved by all parties. The plan was to tear down the education wing that was built in 1950. They would repurpose the sanctuary itself, and build an economically feasible tower in the empty space where the educational wing once stood. The church sanctuary has now been repurposed into a recital hall, and has housed concerts, and other events since 2009. Demolition of the educational wing took place in 2008, and construction has begun on the 5th and Columbia Tower. Current timelines have the tower being finished in July 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31220428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220428" title="Haig Minibat">
Haig Minibat

The Haig Minibat is a high wing, single seat flying wing motor glider that was designed by Larry Haig and at one time available as plans or in kit form for amateur construction. The kit is no longer available.
Design and development.
The Minibat was designed by Haig as a motor glider, but without self-launching capabilities, instead the aircraft is launched by aero-tow, winch-launch or car-tow. The small chainsaw engine provides enough power to ensure a positive rate of climb and prevent land-outs, but not enough power for launching. The design goal was a glider with slightly greater performance than the Schweizer 1-26.
The Minibat is constructed predominately from foam and fiberglass and features a monowheel landing gear. The engine is mounted in the rear fuselage in pusher configuration, with the propeller mounted unconventionally between the fuselage and the rudder. Tip extensions are available which increase the wingspan to and raise the aircraft's glide ratio from 23:1 with the standard wings to 30:1.
Operational history.
In March 2011 there were ten Minibats registered with the Federal Aviation Administration in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="31220433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220433" title="Kunsthalle Nürnberg">
Kunsthalle Nürnberg

The Kunsthalle Nürnberg is an art centre founded in 1967, near the city centre. It organizes exhibitions by contemporary international artists in its galleries in Nuremberg. The Kunsthalle commissions new work by a majority of the artists it works with.
Paset exhibitions (selection):

</doc>
<doc id="31220437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220437" title="Vladimir Vardzelashvili">
Vladimir Vardzelashvili

Vladimir "Lado" Vardzelashvili () (born August 3, 1979) is a Georgian politician who served as the Minister of Sport and Youth Affairs of Georgia from 2010 to 2012.
Early years.
Vardzelashvili was born in Khoni, Georgia on August 3, 1979. He studied at a Medical College from 1994 until 1997, and then in 2002, he graduated from the University of Economics and received his Master's degree in 2005. 
From 2002 until 2006, Vardzelashvili went to the University of Agriculture of Georgia and in 2006-2007, he studied at the School of Political Studies. He then worked for a media company and Tbilisi Municipality Sport Civil Service. 
From 2003 through 2004, he headed the Georgian Youth State Department.
Political career.
In 2004, Vardzelashvili was appointed Deputy Minister of Culture, Monuments Protection and Sport of Georgia. The same year, he became the leader of National Movement Organization. In 2008-2010, he was appointed Attorney General of Gori, Kaspi and Khashuri municipalities. From 2010 to 2012, he was the head of the newly established Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs.
Vardzelashvili is an Honorary Doctor of Gori University Academic Council. He is married to Irina Onashvili, the winner of the 2003 Miss Georgia beauty pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="31220444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220444" title="Fly on the Wall (Bobby V album)">
Fly on the Wall (Bobby V album)

Fly on the Wall is the fourth album by R&B singer, Bobby V, and his second album released through his own Blu Kolla Dreams label via Capitol Records. It was released on March 22, 2011. The album finds production from long-time collaborators Tim & Bob, as well as Bryan-Michael Cox, The Pentagon, Jazze Pha, LOS Da Mystro, and Bobby V himself. The album features guest rappers 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks, Cyhi Da Prynce, Plies & Twista. The album debuted at No. 9 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first-week sales of 38,000 copies in the United States and fell to No. 60 in its following week.
Singles.
The first single released from the album was "Phone #" on July 6, 2010. The song featured rapper Plies and was produced by Jazze Pha. Reaching #55 on Billboard RnB and Hip-Hop charts. The second single was "Words", released December 3, 2010 and produced by The Pentagon. "Words" reached #23 on Billboard RnB and Hip-Hop charts. The official remix to "Words" features R&B singer R. Kelly. The third single is a remake Bobby Brown's 1989 hit "Rock Wit'cha", released February 15, 2011. The pair performed together on Lopez Tonight on 23 February 2011. The 4th single is "Grab Somebody" featuring Twista.

</doc>
<doc id="31220474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220474" title="Folk Plus">
Folk Plus

Folk + or Folk Plus is a music channel that broadcasts Albanian folklore music of the Albanian-speaking regions. It broadcasts 24 hours per day 7 days per week.

</doc>
<doc id="31220475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220475" title="Yugoslavian parliamentary election, 1992–1993">
Yugoslavian parliamentary election, 1992–1993

Early parliamentary elections were held in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia between 20 December 1992 and 3 January 1993, following changes to the constitution in September 1992. The Socialist Party of Serbia emerged as the largest party in Parliament, winning 47 of the 138 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="31220488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220488" title="Amprion">
Amprion

Amprion GmbH (formerly "RWE Transportnetz Strom GmbH") is one of the four transmission system operators for electricity in Germany with approx. 950 employees.
It is a member of European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity (ENTSO-E).
Managed Grid.
Grid length in km (380 kV) 5.300
Grid length in km (220 kV) 5.700

</doc>
<doc id="31220499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220499" title="Supermajor interval">
Supermajor interval

In music, a supermajor interval is a musical interval that is noticeably wider than a major interval but noticeably narrower than an augmented interval. It is found in between a major and augmented interval, thus making it above, or supermajor to, the major interval.
A supermajor second is intermediate to a major second and an augmented second. An example of such an interval is the ratio 8:7, or 231.17 cents, the septimal whole tone and the inverse of the subminor seventh. Another example is the ratio 15:13, or 247.74 cents.
A supermajor third is in between a major third and an augmented third. An example of such an interval is the ratio 9:7, or 435.08 cents, the septimal major third. Another example is the ratio 50:39, or 430.14 cents.
A supermajor seventh is an interval intemediate between a major seventh and an augmented seventh. It is the inverse of a subminor second. An example of such an interval is the ratio 25:13, or 1132.10 cents. Another example is the ratio 27:14, or 1132.04 cents.
Composer Lou Harrison was fascinated with the 7:6 subminor third and 8:7 supermajor second, using them in pieces such as "Concerto for Piano with Javanese Gamelan", "Cinna" for tack-piano, and "Strict Songs" (for voices and orchestra). Together the two produce the 4:3 just perfect fourth (a supermajor second above a subminor third is the perfect fourth).

</doc>
<doc id="31220524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220524" title="Trimbleville Historic District">
Trimbleville Historic District

Trimbleville, Pennsylvania, also known as Trimble's Ford and the Trimbleville Historic District is a hamlet of about six homes, in southern Chester County, Pennsylvania, about two miles south of Marshallton.
James Trimble first bought land in the area on the banks of the west branch of the Brandywine River in 1744, with his descendants living in the hamlet until 1948. Several buildings survive from the eighteenth century. Buildings in the area include the Trimble's farmhouse, a mill, blacksmith and wheelwright shops, and a boarding school. The area was listed by the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district in 1985.
During the Battle of Brandywine on September 11, 1777, over 12,000 British troops under Generals William Howe and Charles Cornwallis crossed the west branch of the Brandywine at Trimble's Ford. The troops began the flanking maneuver in Kennett Square, made their first crossing at Trimble's Ford, then crossed the east branch at Jefferis Ford, before engaging the American troops near Birmingham Friends Meetinghouse.

</doc>
<doc id="31220566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220566" title="Cosmopolitan Club (London)">
Cosmopolitan Club (London)

The Cosmopolitan Club in London, England, was a club which existed from 1852 to 1902. It met in rooms in Berkeley Square which had previously been the studio of George Frederic Watts and then of Henry Wyndham Phillips. The meeting room was dominated by a large painting by Watts of a naked damsel in distress. The painting, "A Story from Boccaccio", depicted the woman fleeing towards a group of classically dressed figures. It was presented to the nation when the club closed.
The membership included literary men, artists, civil servants and political figures. Watts joined, as did the writers Matthew James Higgins (Jacob Omnium), Francis Turner Palgrave, Edward Fitzgerald and Anthony Trollope. Other members included Henry Layard, Sir Robert Morier, James Spedding and William Gladstone.
The club is said to be the basis of "The Universe", "the club where the best informed political gossip is heard", in Trollope's novel "Phineas Redux".

</doc>
<doc id="31220572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220572" title="6521 Project">
6521 Project

The 6521 Project, sometimes called the "6521 Group," was the moniker given to a nationwide operation initiated by the Communist Party of China in 2009 to ensure “social stability” by cracking down on potential dissidents during anniversaries of political significance. The digits in the campaign’s name are a reference to the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, the 50th anniversary of the 1959 Tibetan uprising, the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protests, and the 10th anniversary of the persecution of Falun Gong.
The 6521 Project was initiated as a top-level committee by the Communist Party, and was reportedly headed by Xi Jinping, current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China.
Under the campaign, all provinces and municipalities were required to establish temporary 6521 taskforces under the local Communist Party and Public Security leadership. Authorities at the township and county levels were also required to implement the 6521 project, reporting on their progress to municipal or provincial taskforces above them.
In parallel to the 6521 Project, a top-level coordinating body was created under the direction of Zhou Yongkang, called the "Central Committee for Comprehensive Management of Social Order." The committee identified a series of potential threats to social order, and prescribed measures to suppress them. The threats named included ethnic separatism in Tibet, Falun Gong, protests triggered by unemployment, land grabs, tainted products and labor disputes, crime, and the illicit installation of satellite receivers and illegal publishing. The Committee set out 33 measures to ensure social stability. It also revived a network of volunteer informants in schools and neighborhoods, and established a joint responsibility system that holds heads of households, work units, and local governments accountable in the event of protests or other destabilizing events.

</doc>
<doc id="31220587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220587" title="Robert Jobson">
Robert Jobson

Robert Jobson (born 23 March 1964 in Great Wakering, Essex) is an award-winning royal correspondent, TV commentator and author, dubbed the "godfather of royal reporting" (Wall Street Journal). He is the author of "William & Kate: The Love Story", "Harry's War" and co-author of New York Times bestseller "Diana: Closely Guarded Secret" written with Princess Diana’s police protection officer Inspector Ken Wharfe. He is also the author of "Bulletproof", the life story of Royal Marine and George Cross recipient Matt Croucher. He has reported on the British Royal Family since 1991 as royal correspondent for several Fleet Street newspapers including the Daily Express, London Evening Standard, The Sun and the News of the World. He won the London Press Club's "Scoop of the Year" award for his world exclusive that Prince Charles and Camilla Parker-Bowles were to wed in 2005.
Jobson regularly appears as an on-screen royal expert and is currently the official royal commentator for NBC News and ITN News. He was co-host for CNN coverage of the funeral of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother, The Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II in 2002 and the wedding of The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall in 2005, watched by millions globally.
References.
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703280904576247000108776420.html
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/panorama/4303210.stm
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Robert-Jobson/e/B001MOQ4GM
http://articles.cnn.com/2005-04-07/world/royal.tv_1_charles-camilla-anderson-cooper-royal-expert?_s=PM:WORLD
http://www.usatoday.com/life/people/2005-01-13-prince-harry_x.htm
http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2008/apr/30/newsoftheworld.pressandpublishing
http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/40331330/ns/today-today_people/
http://edition.cnn.com/2002/WORLD/europe/11/01/burrell.cleared/index.html
http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2006/mar/20/pressandpublishing1
http://www.pressgazette.co.uk/story.asp?storyCode=34125&sectioncode=1
http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/greenslade+uk/prince-andrew
http://www.pressgazette.co.uk/story.asp?storyCode=29709&sectioncode=1
http://www.prweek.com/search/articles/phrase/Robert%20Phillips/sortby/date/magazine/PRW,PRO/dateYear/1996/dateMonth/4/dateGroup/all/
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1404762/Ex-bodyguards-Diana-book-breaks-police-code-of-silence.html
http://www.montrealgazette.com/LIFE/Prince+William+marry+Kate+Middleton+2011/3835016/story.html
http://www.hunterprofiles.com/robert_jobson.html
http://journalisted.com/robert-jobson
http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2005/10/31/earlyshow/main995491.shtml
http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2011/jan/03/william-and-kate-digested-read
http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=6162471n
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/media/who-are-these-bloody-people-758269.html
http://londonersdiary.standard.co.uk/2010/12/jobsons-great-escape-lets-him-launch-his-royal-book.html
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-401375/How-Rupert-lost-Babykins-Big-Willie.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/News_of_the_World
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8699423.stm
http://uk.reuters.com/article/2007/08/23/diana-monarchy-idUKNOA33381020070823
http://www.pressgazette.co.uk/story.asp?storyCode=20617&sectioncode=1
http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2001/apr/05/pressandpublishing.dailyexpress1
http://showbizzkanaal.skynetblogs.be/archive/2011/02/23/william-kate-het-liefdesverhaal-robert-jobson.html 

</doc>
<doc id="31220598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220598" title="Cosmopterix himalia">
Cosmopterix himalia

Cosmopterix himalia is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Distrito Federal).
Adults have been recorded in May.
Description.
Female. Forewing length 3.6 mm. Head: frons shining greyish white, vertex and neck tufts shining dark bronze brown with greenish and reddish reflections, laterally and lined white, collar shining bronze brown; labial palpus, first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, dark brown lined laterally, extreme apex white; scape dorsally shining dark bronze brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna shining dark brown with an interrupted white line from base to two-thirds, followed towards apex by three dark brown segments, two white, ten dark brown, two white and five dark brown segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining bronze brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white medial line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: shining dark brown, femur of hindleg shining golden, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one to three and five, tibia of midleg leg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one and two with a lateral white line, segment five white dorsally, tibia of hindleg as midleg, but the oblique lines silver metallic with bluish reflection, tarsal segments four and five entirely white, spurs white dorsally, dark brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark bronze brown with reddish tinge near base, dark brown towards apex, four narrow white lines in the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-quarter, sharply bending from costa in distal third, a short medial just above fold, from one-fifth to one-third, a subdorsal, as long as the medial, from one-quarter, a dorsal from beyond base to one-quarter, a brownish yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowed towards dorsum on the outer edge, bordered at the inner edge by a broad tubercular pale golden metallic fascia with a small subcostal patch of blackish scales on the outside, bordered at the outer edge by two tubercular pale golden metallic costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot about twice as large as the costal and more towards base, both spots with a narrow dark brown inward lining, a white costal streak from the costal spot, apical line as a silvery white spot in middle of the apical area and a white streak in the apical cilia, cilia dark brown, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark brownish grey with greenish and reddish gloss, cilia dark brown. Underside: forewing shining dark greyish brown, the white costal streak distinctly visible, hindwing shining dark greyish brown. Abdomen dorsally ochreous brown, ventrally shining dark grey, segments shining white banded posteriorly, shining golden laterally, anal tuft pale grey with bluish gloss dorsally, ventrally yellowish white.
Etymology.
The species is named after Himalia, a moon of Jupiter. To be treated as a noun in apposition.

</doc>
<doc id="31220611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220611" title="Standing Woman">
Standing Woman

Standing Woman is a bronze sculpture by Gaston Lachaise. 
It is one of at least two statues of that name created by Lachaise, the other is often referred to as Standing Woman (Elevation) because the figure appears to be lifting up, as opposed to this work in which, ""it is the reverse of buoyancy that is sought. This is a triumphant figure of earth."" The model for both statues was Lachaise's wife Isabel Dutaud Nagle, ""his model, his muse and his abiding inspiration."" 
Modeled in 1930, it was cast in 1932. It was an edition of 8, examples are at the Franklin D. Murphy Sculpture Garden, Milwaukee Art Museum, The Brooklyn Museum, and Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31220614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220614" title="Cosmopterix inaugurata">
Cosmopterix inaugurata

Cosmopterix inaugurata is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Para) and Guyana.
Adults have been recorded in April and November.
Description.
Male. Forewing length 3.7 4.2 mm. Head: frons shining greyish white, vertex and neck tufts shining dark bronze brown, laterally and medially lined white, collar shining dark bronze brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to three-fifths, interrupted distally, followed towards apex by two white segments, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown and seven white segments at apex. Thorax shining dark brown, tegulae bronze brown, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: shining dark brown, femora of midleg and hindleg shining golden grey, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, but interrupted on segment three, tibia of midleg with a white oblique basal streak and white medial and apical rings, tibia of hindleg as midleg but with an additional subapical white ring, tarsal segments of midleg with white apical rings on segments one, two and four, segment five entirely white, tarsal segments of hindleg with white apical rings on segments one to three, segments four and five entirely white, spurs white dorsally, brownish ventrally. Forewing shining dark brown with reddish gloss, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a short costal just before the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to one-third, gradually bending from costa, a short medial above fold from one-quarter to just beyond the subcostal, a subdorsal about as long as the medial, but slightly further from base, a dorsal from base to one-quarter, a bright yellowish orange transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowing towards dorsum and with a long and narrow apical protrusion, bordered at the inner edge by a slightly outward oblique tubercular pale golden metallic fascia with a small subcostal patch of blackish scales on the outside, bordered at the outer edge by two tubercular pale golden metallic costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot slightly larger than the costal and more towards base, both spots with a dark brown inward lining, the costal spot outwardly edged by a white costal streak, a narrow white apical line from the apical protrusion, cilia dark brown, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark brownish grey, cilia greyish brown. Underside: forewing shining dark greyish brown, the white apical line distinctly visible, hindwing shining dark greyish brown. Abdomen dorsally ochreous, laterally shining pale golden, ventrally shining white, anal tuft yellowish white.

</doc>
<doc id="31220621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220621" title="MALPAS Software Static Analysis Toolset">
MALPAS Software Static Analysis Toolset

MALPAS.
MALPAS is a software toolset that provides a means of investigating and proving the correctness of software by applying a rigorous form of static program analysis. The tool uses directed graphs and regular algebra to represent the program under analysis. Using the automated tools in MALPAS an analyst can describe the structure of a program, classify the use made of data and provide the information relationships between input and output data. It also supports a formal proof that the code meets its specification. 
MALPAS has been used to confirm the correctness of safety critical applications in the nuclear, aerospace and defence industries. It has also been used to provide compiler validation in the nuclear industry on Sizewell B. Languages that have been analysed include: Ada, C, PLM and Intel Assembler.
MALPAS is well suited to the independent static analysis required by the UK's Health and Safety Executive guidance for computer based protection systems for nuclear reactors due to its rigour and flexibility in handling many programming languages.
Technical Overview.
The MALPAS toolset comprises five specific analysis tools that address various properties of a program. The input to the analysers needs to be written in MALPAS Intermediate Language (IL); this can be hand-written or produced by an automated translation tool from the original source code. Automatic translators exist for common high-level programming languages such as Ada, C and Pascal, as well as assembler languages such as Intel 80*86, PowerPC and 68000. The IL text is input into MALPAS via the "IL Reader", which constructs a directed graph and associated semantics for the program under analysis. The graph is reduced using a series of graph reduction techniques. 
The MALPAS toolset consists of 5 analysers:
History.
The original research and initial generations of the toolset were created by the UK's Royal Signals and Radar Establishment (RSRE) in Malvern, England (hence the derivation of the name, MALvern Programming Analysis Suite). It was used here in a purely research capacity before being employed commercially by Advantage Technical Consulting (bought by Atkins in 2008). The first large scale static analysis task was on the primary reactor protection system for the Sizewell B power station. This was the UK's first nuclear power station to employ a computer-based protection system as its first line of defence against a catastrophic failure. Further to this, CEZ in the Czech Republic employed MALPAS to increase the confidence in the reactor protection system in the Temelin Nuclear Power Station. In 1995 the UK's Royal Air Force commissioned independent analysis of the Lockheed Martin C130J's avionics software assessed as safety-critical. MALPAS was used for the analysis of this software, apart from the Mission Computer software, which was written in Spark Ada and verified with the Spark Toolset.

</doc>
<doc id="31220622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220622" title="Arabesque (European art)">
Arabesque (European art)

The Arabesque used as a term in European art, including Byzantine art, is, on one definition, a decorative motif comprising a flowing and voluted formalistic acanthus composition. It is generally simpler than the Arabesque in Islamic art, and does not involve elements that cross over each other.
Basic form.
The basic form of the arabesque is as illustrated above. The core element is a heart shape formed from 2 confronted volutes on stems, shown highlighted in green in the illustration. To this core are added any number of further volutes, above, below or to the sides. It is thus a motif which can be infinitely expanded to cover a surface of any size, and indeed this function of decorating plain surfaces, as a form of diaper, is its chief use. From the illustration it is clear that the form present on the "Ara Pacis" (drawing E) erected in Imperial Rome during the time of Augustus, that is to say during the 1st quarter of the 1st century AD, is unchanged in substance when compared with the form in the apse mosaic of San Clemente in Rome dated c. 1200 (drawing C). The basic form appears unaltered during the intervening centuries, and indeed continued in use through the Renaissance and continues in use in the present day.
Variants.
”S”-shaped arabesque.
The heart-shaped core element is on occasion omitted, the arabesque taking the form of an “S” with voluted ends, generally seen in confronted pairs, as in the mosaics of the Treasury of the Great Mosque of Damascus, Byzantine work of the 7th century.
”U” shaped arabesque.
This form is also encountered at the Treasury in Damascus, having a pair of volutes turned inwards towards the bowl. The form is generally used alone and does not sprout further volutes as generally does the core heart-shaped form.
Etymology.
An understanding of the etymology of the word is useful in deciphering the confusions surrounding its usage. The word "arabesque" is French, borrowed by English, the French term itself being derived from the Italian word "arabesco", which first appeared in Italian literature in the first half of the 16th century. The book 'Opera nuova che insegna a le donne a cuscire … laqual e intitolata Esempio di raccammi (A New Work that Teaches Women how to Sew … Entitled "Samples of Embroidery"), published in Venice in 1530, includes 'groppi moreschi e rabeschi'- Moorish knots and arabesques. The Italian word uses the Latin derived “inceptive” or “inchoative” word ending “-esco” signifying a beginning, thus "ferveo", to boil and "fervesco" to begin to boil. The creation of this word in inceptive form in cinquecento Italy strongly suggests that the form was then believed, quite wrongly as will be seen, to have had its beginning in “Arabia”, which term was then probably used to signify any near-oriental land, including those of the Byzantine Empire.
Italy & France.
The term was first used in Europe in Italy, where "rabeschi" was used in the cinquecento as a term for ornaments featuring acanthus decoration. From there it spread to France, where "arabesque" was used from the late 16th century.
England.
In England the term dates from 1549 at the latest as an inventory dated that year of King Henry VIII lists a cup with "couer of siluer and guilt enbossed with "Rebeske" worke". A later example is recorded in the privy purse documents of Queen Elizabeth I when William Herne or Heron, Serjeant Painter from 1572 to 1580, was paid for painting the Queen's barge with "rebeske work". In 1611 Cotgrove defined “Arabesque” as: “"Rebeske worke"; a small and curious flourishing” The use of "arabesque" as a noun first appears in English, in relation to painting, in William Beckford's novel "Vathek" in 1786.
Misnomer.
The etymology shows that in 1546 the form was believed to be a phenomenon of Islamic art. The reason why the renaissance Italians did not recognise the true origin of the form as Imperial Roman is likely to be that the Imperial 1st-century AD monuments now available to view, such as the "Ara Pacis", the Domus Aurea and the Baths of Titus, were then still buried under the rubble of ancient Rome following the various razings of that city from shortly after Emperor Constantine moved the capital to Constantinople, formerly called Byzantium, c. 330 AD. The Italians living in Rome in the early 1500s had no idea that such monuments existed beneath their feet, which is why such great excitement arose on the chance discovery of the buried ruins, thought at first to be subterranean caves, "grotte" in Italian, with walls covered in extravagant and fantastical artistic compositions, then immediately termed grotteschi, signifying “having beginning in caves”.
Verbal usage.
Literary usage.
The term arabesque is rarely used in English literature due to the confusion which has often existed as to its precise significance. In France however the term is still well understood in popular culture and has been used in literature in the following senses: "multiplier les arabesques dans sa signature" (i.e. make a signature more voluted, i.e. as in round hand script)... "La fumee decrivait dans le ciel d'elegantes arabesques" (Smoke swirls). The French dictionary "Larousse" confidently defines "arabesque" as synonymous with “volute”. Arabesque is similarly used correctly in English as a term for complex freehand pen flourishes in drawing or other graphic media.
Development.
Distinguished from grotesque.
The motif of the arabesque featured strongly in the grotesque compositions of Imperial Rome, the acanthus stems and volutes forming frameworks generally depicted as inhabited by fantastical animal and corporeal forms. Whilst the grotesque is a wide artistic "genre" combining several elements in fantastical forms, the arabesque is just a motif or element frequently used within that "genre", not a "genre" of its own. The form of the arabesque used in Imperial Rome was however kept alive by the Byzantine artists in the new capital, and was re-exported to the newly rebuilt Rome in the Byzantine style, but in a form less refined than the style of Imperial Rome.
Depiction in Byzantine art.
Some of the best known usages of the arabesque in Byzantine art include the following:
Modern usage.
The arabesque is a pattern well known to the modern blacksmith who fabricates ornamental wrought-iron work gates and balustrades using the form. It has formed the basis of many wall-paper designs. Certain of the more fantastical paintings of Van Gogh show clouds and backgrounds in arabesque shapes.
Floriated & foliated forms.
Frequently the arabesque is shown “floriated”, that is to say with a flower in the centre of the volutes, and “foliated”, showing leaves in varying degrees of profusion along the stems. The "Ara Pacis" arabesques are floriated but sparingly foliated, whilst those in the Dome of the Rock Mosque are profusely foliated with thick leaves forming segments of the stems.
Standards.
Frequently an upright motif imitating the flower-stalk of the acanthus plant appears as a central element protruding vertically from within the heart shaped core. This is termed a “standard” but is not a necessary element or "sine qua non" of the arabesque, which term is concerned with the flowing and voluted form alone. The standard was frequently depicted as a fanciful candelabra in "grotto-esque" compositions, in which it is an important element, central to the composition.

</doc>
<doc id="31220624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220624" title="Marché Madina (Conakry)">
Marché Madina (Conakry)

Marché Medina is a busy market in Conakry, Guinea and one of the largest markets in West Africa. According to Lonely Planet it "sells anything from Chinese housewares to indigo cloth" and old magazines. Like Marché du Niger, it also sells a wide range of fruit and vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="31220640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220640" title="Arch of Dolabella">
Arch of Dolabella

The Arch of Dolabella and Silanus (Latin, "Arcus Dolabellae et Silani") or Arch of Dolabella is an ancient Roman arch. It was built by senatorial decree in 10 AD by the consuls P. Cornelius Dolabella and C. Iunius Silanus.
The arch is located on the Caelian Hill, at the north corner of the site of the Castra Peregrina. It spans the modern Via di S. Paolo della Croce, along the line of the ancient "Clivus Scauri". Its location indicates that it was a rebuilding of one of the gates of the Servian Walls, though which one is unclear: possibly the Porta Querquetulana (or Querquetularia) or the Porta Caelimontana. Although the latter is considered the more likely original, there is no indication that any important road went out of the city through the Caelimontana.
The extension of the Aqua Claudia undertaken during the reign of Nero made use of the Arch of Dolabella for the last section. Its original purpose was probably to support a branch of the Aqua Marcia.
The travertine arch was not decorated with sculptural relief.

</doc>
<doc id="31220655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220655" title="Marché du Niger">
Marché du Niger

Marché du Niger (Nigerian market) is a busy market in Conakry, Guinea, slightly smaller than the other main market in the city, Marché Madina. It sells fruit and vegetables and according to Lonely Planet has a problem with pickpocketing.

</doc>
<doc id="31220662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220662" title="Machan (2008 film)">
Machan (2008 film)

Machan is a 2008 Sri Lankan comedy film written, directed, and produced by Uberto Pasolini as his directorial debut about the fictional Sri Lankan National Handball Team that vanished in 2004.
Background.
Based upon a true story, the film was shot on locations in Sri Lanka and Germany. The inspiration came from the actual case of the 2004 incident, where a fake Sri Lankan national handball team tricked its way into a German tournament, lost all of their matches, and subsequently vanished. Production spent several weeks speaking with people in the less fortunate areas of Colombo and used the people met through that research to create the backgrounds of the main characters. When director Uberto Pasolini heard of the incident, he stated "I fell in love with the story so much that I decided to shoot it myself". Under the working title of "Handball", the film was produced and financed by Redgrave Films (UK), RAI Cinema (Italy), Babelsberg Films (Germany), and Shakthi Films (Sri Lanka), and had its premiere at the Venice Film Festival in August 2008, where it received a 10-minute standing ovation.
After the film completed its rounds of film festivals, it had commercial theatrical debut in Italy in September 2009, and was then picked up by UGC for theatrical distribution in Germany, France, Switzerland, Canada, Belgium, Norway and Sweden, and by Yume Pictures for theatrical release in the United Kingdom October 2009 and DVD distribution April 2010.
Synopsis.
Two friends, Manoj (Gihan De Chickera), a bartender, and Stanley (Dharmapriya Dias), a fruit vendor, wish to immigrate to the West to seek their fortune, but have difficulties getting their visa applications approved. They come across an application to a handball tournament in Bavaria, and not even knowing what the game is, they submit themselves and a group of friends as the "Sri Lanka National Handball Team". For appearance's sake, they begin minimal training and then seek travel visas from the German Embassy. Manoj leaves the group at the last moment, but the rest fly to Germany. Their plans to simply escape into the West upon arrival in Germany are thwarted by the quick appearance of the tournament organizers and an arena of fans eager to see the powers of the Sri Lanka National Handball Team.
After losing the first matches without any goals, the team finally shoots a goal, which makes them overjoyed. The next morning, the police arrives and ransacks the hotel, but could not find any trace of the Sri Lankan Handball team. Later, it is shown that each member goes on his own path to various different countries in Europe.
Reception.
"The Sunday Times", rated the film four out of five stars, and wrote "The story was inspired by real-life events, but Pasolini goes all out to turn it into a big-hearted comic drama. Gusto and underlying honesty make it a winner."
"The Guardian" began their review by writing, "There is more ingenuity, guts and brilliance in the developing world as depicted in Uberto Pasolini's film than anything Hollywood can cobble together." The reviewer wrote that the film was "one of the most important films to come out of the developing world in recent years", and one of the best films about illegal immigration that he'd seen. He praised the film's sense of "genuine authenticity", in its "rendering the reality of Colombo street life in all its vivid squalor, frustration, humanity and comedy", and noted that Sri Lankans have taken the film "to their hearts and claimed entirely as their own." Noting the film as being based on an actual event, the reviewer wrote "There had never been a single handball team in the whole country, let alone a national side, and the scam has to go down as one of the most ingenious illegal immigration ploys ever undertaken.

</doc>
<doc id="31220687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220687" title="Boulos">
Boulos

Boulos (), also transliterated "Boulus", "Boolos", "Bulos", "Bulus" etc., is the Arabic form of the name "Paul". It can be used as a male given name, or as a surname. 
It may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31220688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220688" title="FC Zhemchuzhyna Yalta">
FC Zhemchuzhyna Yalta

FC Zhemchuzhyna Yalta is a professional football club based in Yalta. In June 2013 the club was refused attestation and expelled from professional football.
History.
Zhemchuzhyna Yalta was founded in 2010 after the withdrawal of FC Feniks-Illichovets Kalinine from the Ukrainian First League. The team declared its readiness to takeover the rest of season in the First league. 
However, Zhemchuzhyna was unable to get a license for the right to participate in the first league through licensing regulations of UEFA and FFU. The investors of Zhemchuzhyna guaranteed stable funding only if the club moved to Yalta.
The team did not enter the PFL in the 2011–12 season. Instead the team participated in the championship of the Crimea and the amateur championship of Ukraine.
In 2012-2013 season the club gained professional status and entered in the Ukrainian Second League championship in Ukraine. In June 2013 the club was refused attestation and expelled from the Ukrainian Second League because of numerous debts to players, staff and others.
The team has a training base for sports called "Inkomsport" in Kuibyshev, which is approximately 60 miles from Yalta.

</doc>
<doc id="31220696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220696" title="Bulus">
Bulus

Bulus () is a rural locality (a "selo"), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tyubinsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located from Namtsy, the administrative center of the district. Its population as of the 2010 Census was 408, of whom 212 were male and 196 female, up from 405 as recorded during the 2002 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="31220700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220700" title="75th Field Artillery Regiment">
75th Field Artillery Regiment

The 75th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 5/32 inches (2.94 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, in chief a lizard statant Or. Attached below the shield a Gold scroll inscribed “PARATUS FACERE” in Black letters. 
The shield is red for Artillery, and the gold lizard represents the origin of the 75th Field Artillery in the state of Alabama, Alabama being known as the Lizard State. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 75th Field Artillery Regiment on 8 August 1940. It was amended to correct the description on 29 August 1940. The insignia was redesignated for the 75th Field Artillery Battalion on 10 May 1941. It was redesignated for the 75th Artillery Regiment on 31 October 1958. It was redesignated for the 75th Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971. The insignia was amended to revise the description on 9 February 1973.
Coat of arms.
Gules, in chief a lizard statant Or. 
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules three cannon barrel muzzles adjoining at the top of the first, the outer ones charged with a gunstone the center one with a Taeguk Proper. 
Motto
PARATUS FACERE (Prepared To Do). 
The shield is red for Artillery, and the gold lizard represents the origin of the 75th Field Artillery in the state of Alabama, Alabama being known as the Lizard State. 
The cannon barrels denote the Artillery heritage of the organization and three are used to refer to the widely separated land areas where the unit served. The outer barrels represent World War II and participation in the Aleutian Islands and Po Valley Campaigns. The center one and Taeguk refer to the Korean War, and together with the gunstones, symbolize the unit’s participation in four campaigns, with the Taeguk also denoting the award of the Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation. 
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 75th Field Artillery Regiment on 8 August 1940. It was amended to correct the wording of the blazon on 29 August 1940. The insignia was redesignated for the 75th Field Artillery Battalion on 10 May 1941. It was redesignated for the 75th Artillery Regiment on 31 October 1958. It was redesignated for the 75th Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971. The insignia was amended to add a crest on 9 February 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="31220705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220705" title="Albay Provincial Board">
Albay Provincial Board

The Albay Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Albay.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into three districts, the first two sending three members and the third sending four, the number of the members the electorate votes depends on the number of members their district sends. The candidates with the highest amount of votes in each district, depending on the number of members the district sends, are elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Albay.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31220715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220715" title="Gerald Krefetz">
Gerald Krefetz

Gerald Krefetz (died 27 January 2006) was an American author specializing in financial topics.
Personal life.
He was married to Ruth Marossi Krefetz. Together the couple had Adriene and Nadine.
Career.
Krefetz wrote on the economic status of Jewish communities in America and on antisemitism. In 1961, Krefetz was noted for calling attention to the lack of material about the Holocaust in American school textbooks.

</doc>
<doc id="31220742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220742" title="Dieter Kronzucker">
Dieter Kronzucker

Dieter Kronzucker (born April 22, 1936 in Munich) is a German journalist and television presenter.
Life.
Kronzucker studied at University of Vienna. He works as journalist and television presenter in Germany. His daughter Susanne Kronzucker works also as journalist. From 2001 to 2007 Kronzucker worked as professor at University of Television and Film Munich. Kronzucker lives in Berlin, Munich and at Tegernsee.

</doc>
<doc id="31220748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220748" title="South India Saiva Siddhanta Works Publishing Society Ltd.">
South India Saiva Siddhanta Works Publishing Society Ltd.

The South India Saiva Siddhantha Works Publishing Society Tinnevely Ltd. (also known as Kazhagam) is a Tamil book publishing company.
History.
The South India Saiva Siddhanta publishing Society Tinnevely Ltd. was founded in 1920, based in Tirunelveli. Later it opened an office in Madras. Thiruvarangam Pillai and Nellai Tamil saivites formed this company to publish books on Tamil and Saiva Samayam. The Chennai office was taken care by his brother V.Subbiah Pillai, who have established in the later days in Tamil Nadu with more branches.
Following the death of Brother Thiruvarangam Pillai (1940), Subbiah Pillai took over the administration of the company until 1956. When Subbiah Pillai was 59 years old, his health was hailing so his son-in- law
Mr. R.Kalyana Sundaram took over printing, publishing and selling the books and established several branches all over Tamil Nadu. The Head Office is located in Tirunelveli. He was the backbone of the administration since 1956 and he was the first General Manager of South India Saiva Siddhantha Kazhagam. He also published text books for Tamil Nadu Department of Education. He played a major role in co-ordinating and conducting the The Second International Tamil Conference. Also, R.Kalyana Sundaram's efforts were phenomenal to achieve kazhagam's 50th anniversary in 1970. In 1972, he also took over a big project of his father-in- law's 75th birthday and coined the name "Pavala Vizhga". Mr.R. Kalyana Sundaram published around 2000 books during his period and also established relationship with health care professionals and started publishing books on diseases and management. He was also a forerunner in finding and establishing booksellers and publishers in South India. He held several book fairs in mid 70s to mid 80s at Mount Road, Chennai. During this time his younger brother R. Muthukumaraswamy managed the Vallalar Library in Chennai and was helping the professors who were doing research in Tamil Litreature. After the demise of Mr. R.Kalyana Sundaram, the publishing house is now being managed by R.Muthukumaraswamy and he was the President of BAPASI, The Booksellers' & Publishers' Association of South India Chennai Book Fair in the year 2004 – 2005.
The company has published books on Tamil Sangam Literature, Tirukkural Thelivurai by Mu.Va., Kazhaga Tamil Dictionary, Kazhaga Tamil English Dictionary, Kazhaga English Tamil Dictionary, Thirumanthiram with Ramanatha Pulavar Prose, Thiruvasagam with Ramanatha Pulavar Prose, etc. Works by Devaneya Pavanar and M. S. Purnalingam Pillai have also been published through this publishing house. The most famous title of this publishing house is Thirukkural Thelivurai written by a great Tamil Scholar Mu. Varadarajan.
Recognition.
In 1969, Sri V. Subbiah Pillai for Literature & Education Service was honoured by the Indian Government with Padma Shri Awards (1960–1969).

</doc>
<doc id="31220750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220750" title="Welcome to Higby">
Welcome to Higby

Welcome to Higby is the critically acclaimed second novel by Mark Dunn published in 2002 by MacAdam/Cage. and dedicated to his twin brother Clay.
Plot introduction.
The novel concerns the interconnected lives of the inhabitants of Higby, a fictional town in northern Mississippi, during the Labor Day weekend in 1993. Five separate stories lines are woven together featuring 25 main characters which include the Revd. Oren Cullen, struggling to cope with the death of his wife and behaviour of his son Clint (who starts the weekend by falling off a water tower) who is drawn to the manageress of the local massage parlour and Talitha Leigh, kidnapped by an extremist vegan cult and renamed 'Blithe'.

</doc>
<doc id="31220761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220761" title="Day (surname)">
Day (surname)

Day is a surname. Notable people with the surname Day include:

</doc>
<doc id="31220773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220773" title="Pamparaptor">
Pamparaptor

Pamparaptor is an extinct genus of carnivorous deinonychosaur from the late Cretaceous period. It is a basal dromaeosaurid dinosaur with troodontid-like pes which lived during the late Cretaceous period (Turonian to Coniacian stage) in what is now Neuquén province, Patagonia, Argentina. It is known from the holotype MUCPv-1163, an articulated and nearly complete left foot. 
The specimen recovered from the Portezuelo Formation (Río Neuquén Subgroup) of Neuquén Group. It was initially considered to be a juvenile specimen of another dromaeosaurid species, "Neuquenraptor argentinus". However, it was later re-interpreted as a new genus and named "Pamparaptor" by Juan D. Porfiri, Jorge O. Calvo and Domenica dos Santos in 2011 and the type species is "Pamparaptor micros". The generic name honors Indian Pampas people that lived in central Argentina while "raptor" (robber in Greek). The specific name ("micros", meaning "small") refers to the specimen's size (estimated at in length).

</doc>
<doc id="31220777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220777" title="Phyciodes pallida">
Phyciodes pallida

The Pale Crescent or Pallid Crescentspot (Phyciodes pallida) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the western North America.
The wingspan is 33–44 mm. The butterfly flies in June in Canada.
The larvae feed on Cirsium species.
Subspecies.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="31220815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220815" title="Shebuel">
Shebuel

Shebuel () was the son of Gershom, and a grandson of Moses and Zipporah. He, along with his first-cousin Rehabiah (the first-born and only son of Eliezer), were described as chiefs and included in the Tribe of Levi. Shebuel is also described as "ruler of the treasures". His name means "captive of God" or "returned of God". His patrilineal lineage can be traced back to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob since Levi is both his great-great grandfather (through Jochebed) and great-great-great grandfather (through Amram). He is also descended from Jethro and Jethro's ancestor Midian, son of Abraham and his second wife Keturah, through his paternal grandmother Zipporah.

</doc>
<doc id="31220832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220832" title="Phyciodes mylitta">
Phyciodes mylitta

The Mylitta Crescent or Mylitta Crescentspot (Phyciodes mylitta) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the western North America.
The wingspan is 27–32 mm. The butterfly flies from June until late July in Canada.
The larvae feed on "Cirsium" and "Carduus" species.
Subspecies.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="31220859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220859" title="Phyciodes pulchella">
Phyciodes pulchella

The Field Crescent (Phyciodes pulchella) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Nearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 24–36 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August in Canada.
The larvae feed on Asteraceae species.
Subspecies.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="31220867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220867" title="A-VCS-tec Challenge">
A-VCS-tec Challenge

A-VCS-tec Challenge is a video game developed for the Atari 2600 video game console. The game was inspired by the 1980s Commodore 64 game "Aztec Challenge". "A-VCS-tec Challenge" was written by Atari 2600 homebrew developer Simon Quernhorst, with music by Paul Slocum.
Gameplay.
The game features two alternating levels based on the first two levels of "Aztec Challenge", called "The Gauntlet" and "The Stairs". In the first level, the player dodges spears while running toward a pyramid displayed on the horizon. In the second level, the player climbs to the top of the pyramid while avoiding rocks that fall from above. If the top is successfully reached, the gameplay starts over.
Release and reception.
"A-VCS-tec Challenge" was first released in 2006 as a limited run of 55 boxed, numbered and signed copies. Following the run of the limited edition, the game was sold unboxed as a standalone cartridge with a manual. Separate versions were created for NTSC (North American) and PAL (European) regions.
The Video Game Critic gave "A-VCS-tec Challenge" a mixed review, praising the game for "some of the best graphics and audio you'll experience on your 2600", but criticizing it for its single difficulty level and lack of pay-off once the two game levels are completed. The Video Game Critic gave the game a "C" rating, but noted that despite the repetitive gameplay, the "amazing soundtrack" "totally rock".
Design.
The game was created as a homebrew project using 8 kilobytes of ROM, the same amount used by early 1980s-era Atari 2600 games such as "Asteroids".

</doc>
<doc id="31220869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220869" title="Tiflis Avenue">
Tiflis Avenue

Tiflis Avenue (Georgian:"ტიფლის ავენიუ") is an art center based in Tbilisi Georgia that works with a variety of contemporary artists. The art center organizes public events, art education seminars, exhibitions, and carries out charitable programs in an effort to develop the fledgeling art industry of Georgia.
See also.
Famous Georgian Artists on Wikipedia:

</doc>
<doc id="31220895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220895" title="Joseph Lee Hooker">
Joseph Lee Hooker

Joseph Lee Hooker is an American pop, Christian, and inspirational music singer and songwriter. Born near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Hooker has achieved his largest successes with Roman Catholic-themed music, including "Singing the Rosary" and "Our Priests". His latest album, "Heaven's On Its Way", was released in March 2011.
Early and Personal Life.
Hooker was born in Wilmington, Delaware and raised in Linwood, Pennsylvania, a Philadelphia suburb. He wrote mainly secular pop and rock-n-roll music with positive, patriotic, inspirational or environmentalist messages until the early 1980s, when he felt God calling him to focus his music more directly on spiritual themes. For a time, he put his secular music aside to devote his time to "Singing the Rosary," a fully sung and orchestrated version of the holy rosary. The first of its kind, "Singing the Rosary" was given to Pope John Paul II in 1991. 
Eventually his faith, and his self-admitted need for conversion, led him to Medjugorje, in present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina, where on Easter Sunday of 1990, he met his wife, Bridget, an American also on a pilgrimage. The two were married soon after, and his wife often accompanies him on his albums as a producer, backup vocalist and co-composer.
Apart from his unique vocal quality and prolific songwriting, Hooker is also well known in Pennsylvania's Delaware Valley for his vigilant advocacy and untiring environmentalist efforts as president of We Are the People, Inc., an environmental advocacy group that he founded to fight pollution in his neighboring town of Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania. 
Hooker is also the photographer and copyright holder of two photographs, "The Good Shepherd" and "The White Cross", both taken in Medjugorje that have attained worldwide attention. These photos depict what many claim is a "miracle" or a "divine manifestation" in the clouds.
Hooker and Hylak's first son, Luke John, died as a child from liver cancer; this tragedy has profoundly influenced Hooker's later music and spirituality. The family now resides in West Grove, Pennsylvania, where they own a multilingual web design and ASCAP music publishing company, Come Alive Communications, Inc.
Career.
Our Priests.
Perhaps Hooker's greatest acclaim came in 2009 with "Our Priests", a short album whose eponymous lead single garnered awards from Roman Catholic societies worldwide. This first track voices support for the countless Catholic priests who live selfless lives of devotion to the Church while a relative few fuel the institution's scandal. Pope Benedict XVI bestowed an Apostolic Blessing on the work in February 2010.
References.
1. L'ossaveratore Romano, Feb. 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31220899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220899" title="List of Test cricket series between England and New Zealand">
List of Test cricket series between England and New Zealand

England and New Zealand have been competing against each other in Test cricket series since 1929–30. The first series between the sides, which was also New Zealand's first as a Test nation, was won 1–0 by England with 3 matches drawn. Since that time the series have varied in length with multiple matches being played per series except for one occasion in 1946–47.
It took until 1977–78 for New Zealand to register their first Test victory against England; in the 18th series meeting, New Zealand won one match in a drawn series. New Zealand won their first series in 1983–84, which was followed by another victory in 1986. Their only other series victory was in 1999. The two sides have played in 34 series with England winning 23, New Zealand three and eight drawn.

</doc>
<doc id="31220913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220913" title="The Back Series">
The Back Series

The Back Series is a series of four bas-relief bronze sculptures, by Henri Matisse.
They were modeled between 1909 and 1930. "Back I" appeared in the second PostImpressionist show in London, and the Armory Show in New York City.
They are in the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31220918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220918" title="Edward Hitchcock Jr.">
Edward Hitchcock Jr.

Edward Hitchcock Jr. (May 23, 1828 – February 16, 1911) was an American physical educator.
Biography.
Born to Edward Hitchcock Sr., the renowned geologist and President of Amherst College and wife Orra White, Hitchcock attended Williston Seminary as a boy and continued his education while following in his father's footsteps by entering Amherst College in the fall of 1845. Hitchcock Jr. graduated from Amherst college in 1849. From 1850 to 1861, with the exception of a single year (1852–53), he was teacher of elocution and natural science at Williston Seminary. In 1853, he obtained the degree of doctor of medicine from the Harvard Medical School. The same year, after receiving his doctorate, he married Mary Judson. They had ten children; three of whom died in infancy. Hitchcock Jr. returned to Amherst College in 1861 as professor of Hygiene and Physical Education. Hitchcock Jr. was the first ever physical educator.
History.
Colleges had hired physical educators since the early 1820s, but Edward Hitchcock Jr. is generally credited with being the first formal physical educator at the collegiate level. He believed in the importance of sound physical health for college students, so that the mind could accomplish its best work and students could look forward to "the promised labor of a long life." To achieve that goal, he developed systems of physical training intended to appeal to the students both mentally and physically. His program at Amherst became a model for college and secondary school programs nationally and internationally. The development of this first college program was Hitchcock's major contribution to the field of physical education.
Contributions.
Edward Hitchcock Jr. contributed to Amherst College not only with his enlightened ideas concerning physical education, but also with his genuine personality. Hitchcock Jr. was noted as a kind, broad-minded, vigorous, optimistic, honest, faithfully religious man with shrewd common sense and an intense loyalty to the college. Students were known for being rather fond of Hitchcock Jr. as well, and he was often affectionately referred to as "Old Doc".
Old Doc is a noted "crusader for fitness" he created schedules for physical exercises to be completed at the college. While Edward Hitchcock Jr. actively practiced and taught physical education at Amherst, he also conducted research and intently studied the scientific functions that applied to his phys ed ideas. Hitchcock Jr. even worked with his aforementioned father Edward Hitchcock Sr to compile a textbook titled, Elementary Anatomy and Physiology For Colleges, Academies and Other Schools. He named one of the earliest dinosaurs discovered in America, "Megadactylus polyzelus." Later it was reclassified as the type specimen of "Anchisaurus polyzelus" (ACM 41109), a prosauropod. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation E.Hitchc. when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="31220928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220928" title="Tellef Øgrim">
Tellef Øgrim

Tellef Øgrim (born January 27. 1958 in Oslo) is a Norwegian fretless guitarist, composer and journalist.
He played in oboist Jan Wiese's band Bitihorn from 1976 and joined Ole Hedemann's Ung Pike Forsunnet (UPF) in 1981. UPF released two albums. In 1985 Øgrim and vocalist (later his wife) formed the soul-rock band Duck Spin, releasing the group's only album "Wake me when the Moon gets up" the year after. In 1987 Øgrim released the jazz-rock album "Libido" (Hot Club Records) with Henrik Hellstenius (keyb), Tore Eide (bs/cl) and Inge Norum (dr/prc).
During the same period of time he wrote music for two theater plays staged by Piotr Cholodzinski.
In 2004 Øgrim released a CD containing improvisations for fretless electric guitar under the title Some Dodos Never Die and in 2007 the CD Wagon 8 was released on Curling Legs Records with Polish drummer Jacek Kochan, trombonist Dag Einar Eilertsen, Henrik Hellstenius (laptop) (one track) and singer Anne Danielsen (one track).
In 2008 Øgrim played on the free jazz CD "Do I the In?" (Not Two Records) where he played with Joe Fonda (bs), Jacek Kochan (dr) and Franz Hautzinger (trp). In 2010 he formed the music-live-video project Mugetuft with Peter Knudsen and Henrik Hellstenius and an improvisational trio with cello player Clementine Gasser and Jacek Kochan. This trio's first album is accepted for release at Not Two Records.
Øgrim has been a journalist since the late 1980s writing for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK), "Dagens Naeringsliv", "Ballade" and "Oslo Business Memo", and "Oslo Innovation Magazine". He also is a speaker on topics relating to art and technology.

</doc>
<doc id="31220954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220954" title="Florence Violet McKenzie">
Florence Violet McKenzie

Florence Violet McKenzie OBE ("née" Granville; 1890–1982), affectionately known as "Mrs Mac", was Australia's first female electrical engineer, founder of the Women's Emergency Signalling Corps (WESC) and lifelong promoter for technical education for women. She campaigned successfully to have some of her female trainees accepted into the all-male Navy, thereby originating the Women's Royal Australian Naval Service (WRANS). Some 12,000 servicemen passed through her signal instruction school in Sydney, acquiring skill in Morse code and visual signalling (flag semaphore and International Code of Signals).
She set up her own electrical contracting business in 1918, and apprenticed herself to it, in order to meet the requirements of the Diploma in Electrical Engineering at Sydney Technical College and in 1922 she was the first Australian woman to take out an amateur radio operator's license. Through the 1920s and 1930s, her "Wireless Shop" in Sydney's Royal Arcade was renowned amongst Sydney radio experimenters and hobbyists. She founded "The Wireless Weekly" in 1922, established the Electrical Association for Women in 1934, and wrote the first "all-electric cookbook" in 1936. She also corresponded with Albert Einstein in the postwar years.
Family and education.
Florence Violet McKenzie was born Florence Violet Granville on 28 September 1890 in Melbourne, although before her marriage to Cecil McKenzie at the age of 34, she was known as Violet Wallace. Other sources cite 1892 as her birth year. Wallace was her stepfather George's surname; he was a commercial traveller. When Violet was an infant, the family moved to Austinmer, south of Sydney.
From a young age, Violet had an independent interest in electricity and invention. As she recalled in an oral history interview in 1979:
I used to play about with bells and buzzers and things around the house. My mother would sometimes say "Oh, come and help me find something, it's so dark in this cupboard" – she didn't have very good eyesight… So I'd get a battery and I'd hook a switch, and when she opened that cupboard door a light would come on… I started sort of playing with those things.
From Thirroul school, McKenzie won a bursary to study at Sydney Girls' High School. In 1915 she passed Chemistry I and Geology I at the University of Sydney, then approached the Sydney Technical College in Ultimo to enrol in the Diploma of Electrical Engineering. By March 1922, she had won the diploma. In December 1923, McKenzie graduated from the Sydney Technical College. She later gave her Diploma – the first of its kind awarded in Australia to a woman – to the collection of the Powerhouse Museum, also in Ultimo.
Cecil Roland McKenzie was a young electrical engineer employed by the Sydney County Council's Electricity Undertaking. He too was a radio enthusiast, and one of Violet's customers at the shop. They were married at the Church of St Philip in Auburn on New Years Eve 1924. They built a house at 26 George Street, Greenwich Point complete with a wireless room in the attic. The house remains, but has been extensively renovated since the McKenzies lived there.
The McKenzies had a daughter, stillborn, in 1926. They sometimes took in the two sons of Violet's only sibling, Walter Reginald Wallace, from Melbourne. According to the Sands Directory these boys, Merton Reginald Wallace and Lindsay Gordon Wallace, later operated their own radio shop in Prahran, Melbourne.
Early employment and interests.
Violet taught mathematics at Armadale, before deciding to take a course in electrical engineering. Throughout her studies, Miss Wallace worked as an electrical contractor, installing electricity in private houses, such as that of politician Archdale Parkhill in Mosman, and in factories and commercial premises, including the Standard Steam Laundry on Dowling Street, Woolloomooloo. She was an enthusiastic ham radio operator, being the first licensed woman in the country and with the call sign "2GA" (later changed to "VK2FV"). In 1922 Miss Wallace opened "The Wireless Shop", after purchasing the entire stock of the wireless vendor who preceded her – billing itself as "the oldest radio shop in town" – in the Royal Arcade (which ran from George Street through to Pitt Street – replaced in the 1970s by the Hilton hotel). McKenzie later said it was schoolboys visiting her shop who first introduced her to Morse code. Australia's first weekly radio magazine was conceived at the shop, by Miss Wallace and three co-founders. "The Wireless Weekly" became the monthly magazine "Radio & Hobbies", then "Radio, Television & Hobbies", and finally Electronics Australia, and remained in circulation until 2001.
In 1924 McKenzie became the only female member of the Wireless Institute of Australia. That same year she travelled to the United States for business reasons, and in San Francisco was welcomed at radio 6KGO: 'Miss Wallace, an electrical engineer from Australia, will now talk from the studio.' She reportedly used her time on air to comment on the difference between the tram systems in San Francisco and those in Sydney. In 1931 she also notes that that she experimented with improving the science of television through the use of chemistry:
" have a pronounced kink for television work and devote most of my spare time in experimenting that branch of the science. Have a deep-rooted conviction that chemistry is going to provide the solution and am working along those lines."
The McKenzies had a mutual interest in tropical fish and had an enormous fish pond in the front yard. She spoke of heating water electrically to house tropical fish at home in the early 1920s, and of having given talks on radio 2FC about tropical fish in the days when she was doing electrical contracting work. In January 1933 the American journal Aquariana published an article written by McKenzie concerning 'Some interesting inhabitants of Sydney seashores', in which she recommended keeping sea horses in a salt-water tank.
Women's technical education.
In the 1930s, McKenzie turned her attention increasingly to teaching other women about electricity and radio. She had observed the need over years of working in the field herself. In 1925, she told the Australian Women's Mirror: "are such a lot of women experimenters [amongst my customers that I would like to form a Women's Wireless Club.' In 1931 she told a Sunday Sun reporter that she wanted to see a course of lectures on domestic radio and electricity established in girls' schools and technical colleges. The following year she took matters into her own hands, opening a Women's Radio College on Phillip Street in 1932. She persuaded employers to take on some of her trainees, as one of them later recalled:
During the Depression I joined Mrs Mac's electrical school in Phillip Street. It was the first time girls were involved with electrical circuits, Morse and making radio sets. Later Mrs Mac decided it was time to use our skills in industry, so she persuaded Airzone Ltd to take one of us (me) on trial in their radio section. Soon the others followed from the school, and we started the component parts section, and we were absorbed into many other sections.
McKenzie believed that electricity could save women from domestic drudgery, writing that... "To see every woman emancipated from the "heavy" work of the household by the aid of electricity is in itself a worthy object." To this end in 1934 she founded an educational initiative, the Electrical Association for Women (EAW) at 170 King Street, later moving to 9 Clarence Street.
Concerned with safety when using electrical appliances, and no doubt drawing on her own experience in receiving an accidental electric shock that knocked her out for an hour, McKenzie delivered at least one talk on resuscitation, advising that conventional resuscitation should proceed for up to thee-quarters of an hour following electrocution. She knew of one case where recovery took 4 hours.
By 1936, McKenzie had sold the Wireless Shop, and was busy at the Electrical Association for Women. She gave electric cooking demonstrations in the EAW kitchen, which was fitted out with show electrical appliances by the Sydney County Council. She compiled the EAW Cookery Book, Australia's first "all-electric" cookery book, which ran into seven editions and remained in print until 1954. She wrote an illustrated book for children about electrical safety called "The Electric Imps" in 1938.
Women's Emergency Signalling Corps.
As World War II loomed, McKenzie saw that with her qualifications and teaching skills she could make a valuable contribution. She foresaw a military demand for people with skills in wireless communications. As she told the Australian Women's Weekly in 1978: "When Neville Chamberlain came back from Munich and said 'Peace in our time' "", I began preparing for war."
In July 1938, McKenzie was one of 80 women in attendance at the inaugural meeting of the Australian Women's Flying Corps (later known as the Australian Women's Flying Club) held at the Feminist Club of New South Wales at 77 King Street. McKenzie was appointed treasurer and instructor in Morse code to the organisation.
In 1939 McKenzie established the Women's Emergency Signalling Corps (WESC) in her Clarence Street rooms – known affectionately as "Sigs". Her original idea was to train women in telegraphy so that they could replace men working in civilian communications, thereby freeing those skilled men up to serve in the war. By the time war broke out, 120 women had been trained to instructional standard.
However, it quickly became apparent that men in the armed forces also urgently needed training in wireless communications and McKenzie's female trainees were in a position to train the male servicemen directly:
Early in the war, one young would-be pilot tried to enlist but was refused because he didn't know Morse code…By sheer coincidence he walked past Women's Emergency Signalling Corps on Clarence Street and heard the sounds of Morse signalling. "It was just a room full of women," remembered Mrs McKenzie, "but he walked up to me and said 'Will you teach me Morse code?' I just heaved a big sigh because I saw a whole world opening up in front of me. Then I knew what we could do. We could train girls to train the men. It was wonderful, because I'd thought we could only do things like relieving in the post office."
By the end of the war approximately 12,000 servicemen and recruits had been trained at the WESC school:
The premises at 9 Clarence Street became overcrowded, so McKenzie moved the operation to an old wool store at 10 Clarence Street, where for the next decade the WESC occupied the first and second floors, which she renovated with linoleum flooring and installed radio equipment for twelve classes. Sometimes military intelligence personnel would appear at the school with complaints from guests in the pub next door, who thought a spy operation was at work when they heard Morse code through the walls each evening.
McKenzie ran the school without any government grant or allocation of accommodation by the services. The women of the WESC each gave one shilling per week towards the rent. No fees were ever charged for tuition as McKenzie said it was "her contribution to the war effort".
Women's Royal Australian Naval Service.
McKenzie campaigned energetically to have some of her female trainees accepted into the Air Force and Navy as telegraphists. She encountered a great deal of official resistance. In 1940 she wrote to the Minister of the Navy, former Prime Minister WM (Billy) Hughes, saying "I would like to offer the services of our Signalling Corps, if not acceptable as telegraphists then at least as instructors." Despite her suggestion being dismissed, some time later McKenzie and six trainees were provided third-class train tickets to Melbourne to meet with the Naval Board for testing.
In early January 1941, Commander Newman, the Navy's Director of Signals and Communications, visited the WESC headquarters on Clarence Street to test McKenzie's trainees. Finding they were highly proficient, he recommended the Navy admit them. Hughes still took some convincing. After McKenzie threatened to take her offer to the Air Force instead, the urgent need for trained telegraphists prevailed, and on 21 April a Navy Office letter authorised the entry of women into the Navy. This was the beginning of the Women's Royal Australian Naval Service – the WRANS. The minister's condition was that "no publicity...be accorded this break with tradition'.
On 28 April 1941, McKenzie accompanied 14 of her WESC trainees (twelve telegraphists and two domestic helpers). They had their medical test on 25 April and arrived at HMAS Harman in Canberra on 28 April 1941. The women were dressed in their green WESC uniform which had been designed by McKenzie herself – it was several months before a female Navy uniform was ready. Francis Proven became WRANS number 1. From this initial intake of 14, the WRANS ranks expanded to some 2,600 by the end of the war, representing about 10 per cent of the entire Royal Australian Naval force at the time. All told, McKenzie trained about 3,000 women, one-third of whom went into the services. Many others remained at the Clarence Street school as instructors.
In May 1941, the Air Force appointed McKenzie as an honorary flight officer of the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force, so she could legitimately instruct Air Force personnel. This was the only official recognition McKenzie received during the war for her efforts.
Postwar wireless training.
Violet McKenzie helped with rehabilitation after the war, keeping her school open for as long as there was a need for instruction in wireless signalling. In the postwar years, she trained men from the merchant navy, pilots in commercial aviation, and others needing the trade qualification known as a "signaller's ticket". In 1948, a reporter from "Sky Script" visit to the school and described the scene, and the diversity of students:
At a table in a corner recently there were six elementary trainees: One was a Chinese quartermaster, another a half-Burmese. Two were Americans … One … an aircraft skipper down from New Guinea to get his wireless ticket; and the other chap a ship's officer with the same objective. In another corner there's an ANA commander preparing for his 20-word-a-minute exam: an English ship's wireless officer...an ex-RAF Wing-Commander...an Indian Navy man... groups of airline 'types' also on the job.
McKenzie told a journalist that, after the war, "All the airmen came back and wanted to join Qantas, but they needed to build up their Morse speed and learn to use the modern equipment." The Department of Civil Aviation fitted out a room at the school with transmitters, receivers and radio compass so that pilots could train for their wireless ticket at the school. From 1948, McKenzie held a First Class Flight Radio Telephony Operator License.
One of the ex-RAAF airmen who retrained for a civilian career with McKenzie wrote:
Being unemployed, we spent almost all of each weekday at the school, so if a tuition fee had been applicable, Mrs Mac would have earned a tidy sum of money. That, of course, was not her way of doing things. She required no payment for the training she provided, and I suspect that she was quite out of pocket over the whole affair... It would be true to say that a great number of the pilots whose futures were finally fulfilled in airlines in Australia owe a deal to Mrs Mac... There was no other school operating in Sydney at the time, providing Morse training to potential airline pilots, and no other school then or thereafter giving such training completely free of charge.
Famous aviators who trained for their wireless ticket at McKenzie's school include Patrick Gordon Taylor and Cecil Arthur Butler. McKenzie also trained Mervyn Wood, later Commissioner of Police in New South Wales, and the principals of the Navigation Schools at both the Melbourne and Sydney Technical Colleges.
According to a People magazine profile of McKenzie written in January 1953, McKenzie received an unceremonious notice from the owners of 10 Clarence Street to quit the premises. The Sands Directory indicates that she moved her operation briefly to No 6 Wharf at Circular Quay in 1953, before retiring to her home at Greenwich Point in 1954. McKenzie wrote that she closed the school when the airlines established their own school and the government added a signals training section to the Navigation School at the Technical College. She continued to help the occasional pupil with special difficulties at her home.
Later life.
Correspondence with Einstein.
In early 1949 McKenzie started writing to Albert Einstein. Her first letter to him wished him a speedy recovery from recent illness. Two of her letters are held in the Einstein archives in Jerusalem. It is clear from the second letter that he wrote back to her at least once. Some accounts claim that McKenzie corresponded regularly with Einstein for as long as 15 years before his death in 1955, but the documentary record suggests such reports exaggerate the extent of the correspondence. She also sent him several gifts over the years including shells (for his daughter) that airmen would collect across the Pacific on her request and a boomerang which had been brought to her from Central Australia by an airline pilot. She wrote that, "Some of your mathematical friends might like to plot its flight!" There are other reports that she sent him a didgeridoo, and a recording of didgeridoo music when he replied that he couldn't work out how to play the instrument.
Awards and honours.
On 8 June 1950, McKenzie was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for her work with the WESC. In 1957 she was elected a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Navigation. In 1964 she became Patron of the Ex-WRANS Association. In 1979 she was made a Member of the Royal Naval Amateur Radio Society. In 1980 a plaque celebrating her "skills, character and generosity" was unveiled at the Missions to Seamen Mariners' Church, Flying Angel House. The Church has since relocated to 320 Sussex St, where the plaque can be seen in the garden.
Final years.
Violet McKenzie was nine years older than her husband Cecil, but she outlived him by 23 years. After his death in 1958, she shared her house for a time with Cecil's sister Jean, a primary school teacher. In May 1977, after a stroke paralysed her right side and confined her to a wheelchair, McKenzie moved to the nearby Glenwood Nursing Home. She died peacefully in her sleep on 23 May 1982. At her funeral service, held at the Church of St Giles in Greenwich, 24 serving WRANS formed a Guard of Honour. McKenzie was cremated at the Northern Suburbs Crematorium. The June 1982 edition of the newsletter of the Ex-WRANS Association was devoted to their former teacher and patron. Amongst the memories recorded therein is a statement McKenzie made two days before she died: "...it is finished, and I have proved to them all that women can be as good as, or better than men."
Bibliography.
"This Wikipedia article is substantially built upon the essay "McKenzie, Violet" in the Dictionary of Sydney <br>written by Catherine Freyne, 2010 and licensed under CC by-sa. Imported on 7 September 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31220971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220971" title="The Starving of Saqqara">
The Starving of Saqqara

The Starving of Saqqara is the name given to a statue of suspected Pre-dynastic Egyptian origins. The statue, of two nude beings (possible a male and female) with large skulls and thin bodies, seated, also has writing on the back of one of the figures that has yet to be identified. Traces of dark pigment suggest that it was once painted.
Vincent and Olga Diniacopoulos, who amassed a large collection of antiquities, brought the work to Canada in the 1950s. The sculpture was exhibited in the 1950s at their family-owned Galerie Ars Classica on Sherbrooke Street in Montreal. The name Saqqara refers to the burial ground of Memphis, Egypt. How the name came to be attached to the artifact is not known.
The statue has been at Concordia University since 1999. Experts from the University of Cambridge, the British Museum, the Brooklyn Museum, the Israel Museum and the Royal Ontario Museum have all been consulted, without success.
The script has been determined to not be Aramaic, Demotic, Egyptian, Hebrew, or Syriac.
One expert, Clarence Epstein, suggests that it represents a pair of conquered captives.
The sculpture was displayed to the public from March 16 to 18, 2011. It was viewable at the atrium of Concordia’s Engineering, Computer Science and Visual Arts Integrated Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="31220985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31220985" title="Euphydryas gillettii">
Euphydryas gillettii

The Gillette's Checkerspot (Euphydryas gillettii) is a species of butterfly, common in western North America from British Columbia to Oregon and from the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean. The wingspan is .
Adults fly from mid-June to early August in Alberta.
Caterpillars feed on Bracted Honeysuckle ("Lonicera involucrata").

</doc>
<doc id="31221009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221009" title="Julius Barnathan">
Julius Barnathan

Julius Barnathan, (January 22, 1927 – December 1, 1997) was a broadcast engineer.
Barnathan was President of Broadcast Operations and Engineering for American Broadcasting Company (ABC). Throughout his 40 years at ABC, he was responsible for many technical developments in the television industry, including the use of hand-held and miniature cameras at sports events and closed captioned programs for the deaf. He was also credited for helping to adapt slow-motion technology to color cameras, develop the use of long-lens cameras to capture sports events that take place over great distances, and introduce the use of small square inset pictures behind news anchors.

</doc>
<doc id="31221051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221051" title="Stefan Johannesson">
Stefan Johannesson

Stefan Johannesson (born November 22, 1971) is a Swedish football referee. Johannesson currently resides in Stocksund. He has been a full international referee for FIFA since 2003. He became a professional referee in 1994 and has been an Allsvenskan referee since 2001. Johanesson has refereed 235 matches in Allsvenskan, 32 matches in Superettan and 79 international matches as of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31221071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221071" title="Body Triangle (grappling)">
Body Triangle (grappling)

A Body Triangle also known as a Figure-four body lock, or Seatbelt, is a technique in grappling that is employed from the back, back mount, or less frequently from the closed guard, whose purpose is to securely lock the practitioner’s opponent in position. This technique is very similar to one of the four forbidden techniques in Judo, the Do-Jime or Trunk hold. The main characteristic of the Body Triangle that distinguishes it from hooks is the commitment to the position, i.e. once executed the position is difficult to escape; however, it also severely limits the offensive options of the practitioner employing it.
Technique.
Execution is achieved by first crossing the ankles, grasping the heel of one foot and pulling that foot into the opposite knee, this creates the signature “4” shape for which the figure-four gets its name. As a secondary effect, it creates a significant amount of pressure against the ribs of the practitioner's opponent, hindering normal breathing and perpetuating swift fatigue. If executed with enough force, the resulting trauma to the ribcage can be substantial, in some cases even causing compressive asphyxia.
Offensive Options.
Submission Options.
The most predominant submission attack associated with the body triangle is the rear naked choke. The resultant limited ability of the opponent to gain breath during the body lock compounds the effectiveness of the chokehold significantly, making this the ideal attack. Other attacks include variations on the neck crank, wrist locks and shoulder locks, but have a considerably lower percentage of success. The Body Triangle itself will sometimes cause an opponent to submit, however this tends to be less frequent due to the relatively high level of conditioning most practitioners of grappling arts possess.
Striking Options.
Due to the somewhat secure nature of the position, striking from the body triangle position has the potential to be advantageous; it gives the practitioner a stable platform from which to mount offensive strikes, especially to the head, and leaves little opportunity for escape. However, from a combat sport standpoint some of these striking techniques, especially attacks to the back of the head, are unallowable due to the considerable risk they pose to the practitioners.
Defensive Options.
In order to escape or reverse the body triangle the first priority is to unlock the figure-four; this can be quite difficult depending on the skill of the practitioner performing the technique, and consequently often leaves a practitioner vulnerable to attack, either by striking or submission. Striking options are also severely limited when a practitioner is subject to a body-lock, the most common being a rear elbow strike to the head of the opponent.

</doc>
<doc id="31221086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221086" title="2000–01 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
2000–01 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 2000–01 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Regular season.
In May 2000, Lon Kruger left Illinois to become head coach of the NBA’s Atlanta Hawks. Bill Self was named Illinois’ 15th head men’s basketball coach on June 9, 2000. Self came to Illinois from Tulsa where he had led the Golden Hurricane to consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances, including a 32-5 record and tournament run to the regional finals in 2000. The 2000-01 season, Self ’s first at Illinois, was memorable. The Illini were ranked in the Top 10 the entire season and tied for the Big Ten Championship with Michigan State before earning a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament. The Illini run ended in the regional final to eventual national runner-up Arizona, the third meeting between the two schools on the season. Sophomore Frank Williams became the first Illini player to earn Big Ten Player of the Year honors since 1967 and was named to several postseason All-America squads. Junior Cory Bradford set an NCAA record by making a three-point field goal in 88 consecutive games.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| Big Ten Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament
 

</doc>
<doc id="31221121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221121" title="Discus Thrower (Washington, D.C.)">
Discus Thrower (Washington, D.C.)

Discus Thrower is a bronze sculpture in Washington, D.C.
It is a copy of the Discobolus of Myron, located in Edward J. Kelly Park, at 22nd Street and Virginia Avenue, N.W. Washington, D.C. .
The architect was Rodolfo Siviero, and the founder was Bruno Bearzi. 
It was dedicated on March 1, 1956. It was a gift from the Italian government to commemorate the return of looted art objects, after World War II.
The inscription reads: <br>
(Base of sculpture, east side:)<br>
GLI ITALIANI<br>
AL POPOLO AMERICANIO<br>
28 FEBRAIO 1956 <br>
(Base of sculpture, west side:) <br>
SIGMOM IVSTITIAE RESTITVTAE<br>
XXVIII.II.MCMXLVIII

</doc>
<doc id="31221145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221145" title="Elena Grölz">
Elena Grölz

Elena Grölz née Leonte (born 26 July 1960 in Bacău, Romania) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31221148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221148" title="Antique Provincial Board">
Antique Provincial Board

The Antique Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Antique.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending five members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for five members, with the five candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31221178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221178" title="Museum Gherdëina">
Museum Gherdëina

The Gherdëina Local Heritage Museum was opened in the "Cësa di Ladins" in Urtijëi in 1960. The building is the seat of the Union di Ladins de Gherdëina a cultural organisation for the keeping of the Ladin language and heritage in Val Gherdëina. In addition to the museum the building hosts a library specialized in Ladin language and culture.
The collections of the Gherdëina Museum enable the visitor to gain an informative insight into the cultural and natural world of Val Gherdëina. The collections are distributed over two floors and cover the following themes: wood carving art of the last three centuries, old locally produced wooden toys, a collection of paintings by local artists, the local archeology, the region's fossils, minerals and the local flora and fauna.
Sections.
Entrance.
At the entrance the exhibition starts with several art objects like the Crucifix of Sëurasass (1932) by Baptist Walpoth and Vinzenz Peristi, as well as the oil-painting by Josef Moroder-Lusenberg depicting Urtijëi in the year 1860 and three modern canvasses by Franz Noflaner.
Interiors from the St. Jacob church.
The first exhibition room is dedicated to the original sculptures from St.James church in Urtijëi ascribed to Melchior (1622-1689) and Kassian (1710-1789) Vinazer. The local woodcarving Vinazer dynasty has had a lasting influence on the artistic production of Gherdëina. Also from St.James church is the original altarpiece (1751) by Franz Sebald Unterberger. The painting shows the Virgin Mary with child and the saints James and Henry.
Wooden sculptures from four centuries.
The second exhibition room is dedicated to plastic art and offers a historic overview of the wood carving tradition of Gherdëina. To this collection belong works which range from those of the first famous woodcarving families Trebinger (1580-1689) and Vinazer (1622-1817) to a Saint Philomena of Rome by Dominik Mahlknecht (1796-1876), the sculptors of the 20th century Albin Pitscheider, Luis Insam-Tavella, Vinzenz Peristi and others. In addition, this room offers a wide variety of small sculptures ranging from the 18th to the mid-20th century, e.g. clock stands, caricatures, allegorical figures, cribs and crib figures and animal figurines. Of particular artistic interest as woodcarvings are the 120 figures by Albin Pitscheider (1877-1962), donated by his daughters. There is also a display of paintings by Josef Moroder-Lusenberg (1846-1939) and other local artists (e.g. Sontheimer, Demetz, Piazza).
Natural history of the Dolomites.
The third exhibition room is dedicated to natural history. The visitor is introduced to the evolution of the geological structure of the western Dolomites by way of didactic charts and illustrations arranged in cooperation with Prof. Broglio and Prof. Posenato of the University of Ferrara with collection of local fossils, rocks and minerals. Among the fossils on show, special mention should be made of carbonized remainders of plants ("Ortiseia"), various gastropod imprints, a fossilized fish ("Archaeolepidotus leonardii Accordi") and the reconstructed skeleton of an Ichthyosaurus, as well as coral colonies and ammonites.
In addition to a cross-section of local minerals, including those typical of Mont Sëuc, this room also contains a collection of minerals from other alpine deposits (e.g. Teis, Ahrntal, Pfitsch) and from abroad, such as rock crystal, garnet, beryl, apophyllite, aragonite, sulphur, celestine and amethyst. 
In the same room another section offers an insight into the many-sided alpine flora and fauna by way of an herbarium and a collection of stuffed animals, e.g. an albino roe deer and local birds, and a butterfly collection.
In the staircase to the second floor, the museum displays the "Fastentuch" () from the St.James's church in Urtijëi (1620–30).
Wooden toys.
In this room you can find the old wooden toys from Gherdëina, one of the thematic highlights of the museum. This collection was, for the most part, brought together by Johann Senoner-Vastlé before the Second World War. It consists of a most representative selection of toys, offering an overview of the diversity of articles produced in Gherdëina between 1750 and 1940. The typical Gherdëina jointed doll, called as well "dutch doll", "peg doll" or "stick doll", can be seen in many different sizes.
Prehistory of Gherdëina.
A separate section on the second floor is dedicated to the prehistory of the valley. On show are the remarkable Stone Age finds from "Plan de Frea" under the Gardena Pass consisting of flint tools among the most ancient traces found in the Gherdëina region (ca. 7000-5000 B.C.) as well as the evidence from the Bronze Age (ca. 1700-750 B.C.), such as the bronze dagger from the "Balest" mountain or the bronze needles from "Resciesa" and "Mastlé" in the Gherdëina Vally. The Iron Age finds from the large complex of "Col de Flam" a hill near Urtijëi, e.g. burial offerings from cremation graves, in particular fibulae, rings and iron lance heads, single glass beads and bronze pendants as well as various tools (400-15 B.C. Latène period).
Luis Trenker.
On the second floor an other section is dedicated to the writer, actor, film director and rock climber Luis Trenker (Urtijëi 1894 – Bolzano 1990), that presents objects of personal possessions, honorary deeds, medals for bravery, film prizes (e.g. Golden Globus, Filmband in Gold) publications and other material of the Luis Trenker central archive donated by the Trenker family to the museum in March 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="31221199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221199" title="Luigi Borgato">
Luigi Borgato

Luigi Borgato (Gallarate, * February 21, 1963) is an Italian piano-maker of handcrafted concert-grand pianos.
Venetian piano-maker, he innovated ameliorating some technical aspects in piano making, patenting them. 
In his capacity as master piano-maker is invited by Italian as well as foreign institutions to run courses on piano construction and technology.
Profile.
In 1991, at the age of 28, he presented his first completely handmade concert-grand piano at the European congress ‘Europiano’.
Luigi Borgato personally selects the wood and chooses all the materials and components for the construction of his pianos.. Luigi Borgato is a piano tuner: he personally tunes each of his instruments for world famous pianists’ recordings and concerts as Radu Lupu, András Schiff, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Rosalyn Tureck, Lazar Berman, Maria João Pires, Ingolf Wunder, Roberto Prosseda, Leonora Armellini, Martin Berkofsky, Antonio Ballista, Bruno Canino, Michele Campanella, Roberto Giordano, Massimiliano Ferrati, Semion Balshem, Jean Guillou, Charlemagne Palestine, Cameron Carpenter, Johannes Skudlik, Giorgio Carnini...
Patents.
Luigi Borgato registered some patents. A first one, in 1991, providing the upper register of the keyboard with four strings struck per note in the 44 keys of the upper register, and innovative iron frame.
In 2000, he registered a second patent: inspired by compositions written for piano with pedalboard he designed and built a new instrument, the Doppio Borgato, the first double concert-grand piano with pedalboard constructed in modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="31221252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221252" title="Paul Chambers (disambiguation)">
Paul Chambers (disambiguation)

Paul Chambers (1935–1969) was an American jazz bassist.
Paul Chambers may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31221254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221254" title="Operation Ellamy">
Operation Ellamy

Operation Ellamy was the codename for the United Kingdom participation in the 2011 military intervention in Libya. The operation was part of an international coalition aimed at enforcing a Libyan no-fly zone in accordance with the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973 which stipulated that "all necessary measures" shall be taken to protect civilians. UK sorties were under the operational command of the United States initially, though they still title their contributions as under Operation Ellamy. The coalition operation was designated by the U.S. as Operation Odyssey Dawn. The Canadian participation is Operation Mobile and the French participation is Opération Harmattan. It was confirmed in December 2011 that the cost of the operations was £212m - less than was estimated, including £67m for replacing spent munitions, is all expected to be met from the Treasury reserve.
The no-fly zone was proposed during the Libyan civil war to prevent government forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from carrying out air attacks on anti-Gaddafi forces. Several countries prepared to take immediate military action at a conference in Paris on 19 March 2011.
The randomly generated codename, "Ellamy," is an alternate spelling of the Early Modern English word, Elami (E-la-mi), a musical solmisation designating the note E in the context of a tetrachord. The spelling "Ellamy" is found in a poem frequently attributed to John Skelton, "The Harmony of Birds".
Background to operation.
The UN Security Council Resolution 1973 passed on the evening of 17 March 2011 gave a mandate to countries wishing to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya militarily. A conference involving international leaders took place in Paris on the afternoon of Saturday 19 March 2011. International military action commenced after the conference finished, with French military fighter jets being the first to participate in the operation only a few hours after the conference finished in Paris with the first shot fired at 1645 GMT against a Libyan tank.
Summary of operation.
On the afternoon of 19 March, the Royal Navy fired Tomahawk cruise missiles. A combined total along with US over the day was reported by the US to be over 110 missiles.
The Royal Navy also has a Type 22 frigate () and a Type 23 frigate () engaged in a naval blockade.
David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, confirmed that British aircraft were in action over Libya on the 19th, although it was the French Air Force who made the first coalition aerial presence over Libya earlier the same day.
Sentry, Sentinel and VC-10 aircraft were said to be carrying out operations from RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus. The home base for the VC-10 aircraft was RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire and for the Sentinel and Sentry aircraft was RAF Waddington in Lincolnshire.
On the night of 19–20 March 2011, Storm Shadow missiles were launched by Tornado GR4 aircraft. Tornados of No. 9 Squadron from RAF Marham had sortied on a mission to fire Storm Shadow missiles against targets in Libya. They required refuelling by British tanker aircraft three times on the outward journey and once on the return. 101 Sqn VC10 and 216 Sqn Tristar aircraft were involved.
The MoD announced that Tornado and Typhoon aircraft would be deployed to the Italian Gioia del Colle Air Base.
The "Trafalgar"-class submarine launched further Tomahawk cruise missiles at targets in Libya.
Tornados GR4s, flying from Marham, were en route to Libya but did not fire their missiles due to information being received that suggested civilians were in the target areas. The Tornado aircraft returned to RAF Marham fully armed.
The Prime Minister announced to the House of Commons on 21 March at the start of the debate on the UNSC resolution that RAF Typhoons had been deployed to an Italian airbase (Gioia del Colle) and would fly in support of the NFZ. Three Typhoons successfully conducted a mission and returned to Gioia del Colle.
Headquarters 906 Expeditionary Air Wing formed at Gioia del Colle Air Base responsible for assets forward deployed there. Headquarters 907 Expeditionary Air Wing formed at RAF Akrotiri responsible for assets forward deployed there. C-17A Globemaster and Hercules transport aircraft were also used to assist in the buildup of deployed forces.
RAF Typhoons flew their first ever combat mission, patrolling the no-fly zone while Tornado GR4s from RAF Marham flew an armed reconnaissance sortie. The MoD reported that Royal Navy ships "Triumph", "Westminister" and "Cumberland" remained in theatre for additional strikes and patrol.
Tornado GR4s were forwarded deployed to Gioia del Colle Air Base. In a media interview, the UK Air Component Commander, Air Vice-Marshal Greg Bagwell, stated that the Libyan Air Force "no longer exists as a fighting force" and that "we have the Libyan ground forces under constant observation and we attack them whenever they threaten civilians or attack population centres."
Tomahawk Cruise Missiles were again fired at targets from HMS "Triumph"
RAF Tornado aircraft on an armed reconnaissance mission launched Brimstone missiles against Libyan armoured vehicles that were reported to be threatening the civilian population of Adjdabiya. Four T-72 tanks were destroyed in the attack by Tornados, and three by another coalition aircraft. Likely target locations had previously been identified by other Tornado aircraft equipped with RAPTOR pods.
RAF Tornado aircraft launched more Brimstone missile strikes, destroying three armoured vehicles in Misrata and two further armoured vehicles in Ajdabiya.
Over the weekend, Tornados from Gioia del Colle launched numerous armed reconnaissance missions, during the course of which ordnance released hit a total of 22 tanks, armoured vehicles and artillery pieces in the vicinity of Ajdabiya and Misrata.
Tornados from RAF Marham, supported by Tristar tankers from RAF Brize Norton, launched Storm Shadow strikes against ammunition bunkers in the Sabha area in the southern Libyan desert. The bunkers were reportedly used to resupply Libyan Government troops attacking civilians in the north of the country.
The Type 42 Destroyer "Liverpool" was ordered to the Mediterranean to relieve Type 22 frigate "Cumberland".
The London Conference on Libya was chaired by the Foreign Secretary, William Hague.
Two Tornados flying from Gioia del Colle engaged near Misrata a Libyan armoured fighting vehicle and two artillery pieces with Brimstone missiles.
Tornados flying from Gioia del Colle engaged near Misrata three Libyan tanks, two armoured fighting vehicles and a surface-to-air missile site with Brimstone missiles and Paveway IV bombs. was deployed to relieve HMS "Cumberland".
From 06:00 GMT, NATO took sole command of air operations over Libya under Operation Unified Protector, taking over from U.S. Africa Command.
HMS "Triumph" returned to base HMNB Devonport flying the Jolly Roger marked for six successful Tomahawk launches.
RAF Tornado aircraft launched Paveway IV bombs against pro-Gaddafi forces. Two main battle tanks in Sirte and several small ground-attack aircraft on an airfield near Misrata were reportedly hit.
RAF Tornados reportedly launched successful attacks with Paveway IV and Brimstone missiles on ten armoured fighting vehicles south of Sirte.
The number of Tornado aircraft taking part in Operation Ellamy was increased from eight to twelve on 4 April, with the aircraft deployed from RAF Marham.
RAF Tornados, engaged in two separate strikes in the Libyan city of Sirte, launched three Brimstone missiles which destroyed one main battle tank and two surface-to-air missile launchers.
Seven tanks were destroyed by Tornado aircraft, two in Ajdabiya and five in Misrata, using Paveway IV bombs and Brimstone missiles.
The MoD reported that over the weekend of 22–23 April, of 61 armoured vehicles and air defence assets destroyed by NATO, 21 were destroyed by RAF aircraft.
RAF Typhoon aircraft were used operationally in a ground attack role for the first time. A Typhoon destroyed 2 main battle tanks near Misrata with Paveway II whilst a Tornado destroyed the third with Paveway IV. In total, RAF aircraft destroyed eight main battle tanks on 12 April. Since the start of Operation ELLAMY up until 12 April, RAF aircraft had engaged over 100 main battle tanks, artillery pieces, armoured vehicles and SAMs.
RAF Tornados and Typhoons attacked a pair of multiple rocket launcher vehicles and a light artillery piece reportedly firing on Misrata, as well as a self-propelled gun and tank.
HMS "Triumph" was reported by the MoD to have launched two salvoes of Tomahawk missiles against command and control facilities alongside precision strikes by RAF Tornados, Typhoons and coalition aircraft. The MoD's previous report that HMS "Triumph" had returned to Devonport suggests the submarine involved was probably HMS "Turbulent".
HMS "Liverpool" intercepted the vessel MV "Setubal Express" heading for Tripoli, conducting a boarding party search with Royal Marines and finding trucks of potential use to the Gaddafi regime. The merchant vessel was ordered to divert to Salerno in Italy.
The Foreign Secretary announced that a British Military Liaison Advisory Team was to be sent to Benghazi to advise the NTC on how to improve their military organisational structures, communications and logistics.
Tornados attacked a site south of Sirte based on analysis of intelligence by RAF Tactical Imagery Wing. 20 FROG-7 launchers and a significant number of Scud canisters were reported as either completely or partially destroyed. RAF aircraft also destroyed one tank and two armoured vehicles in the area of Misrata and one mobile rocket launcher south of Tripoli.
An RAF Typhoon was reported to have destroyed two Palmaria 155mm howitzers near Sirte.
While engaged in surveillance operations off the coast of the rebel-held Libyan city of Misrata, HMS "Liverpool" came under fire from a shore battery, making her the first Royal Navy warship to be deliberately targeted since the Falklands War. "Liverpool" had been tasked with other NATO warships, to intercept small, high-speed inflatable craft spotted approaching the port of Misrata, the type which had been used previously to lay mines in the Port of Misrata. Libyan rocket artillery on the coast fired an inaccurate salvo of rockets at "Liverpool". "Liverpool" returned fire with her 4.5 inch main gun, silencing the shore battery, in the Royal Navy's first use of the weapon since the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Royal Navy Tomahawk missiles reportedly fired from HMS "Triumph", and Paveway IV bombs released by RAF Tornado aircraft were reported to have struck intelligence agency buildings and a training base used by Colonel Gaddafi's Executive Protection Force. RN and RAF attacks were reported to have damaged or destroyed over 300 targets since the start of Operation Ellamy.
Tornado GR4s attacked two corvettes in Al Khums naval base and destroyed a facility in the dockyard constructing fast inflatable boats which Libyan forces had reportedly used to mine Misrata and attack vessels in the area.
RAF aircraft destroyed five multiple rockets launchers around Tripoli.
RAF aircraft attacked four armoured vehicles deployed near the Libyan city of Zlitan. A Tornado attacked a Libyan coastal radar station near Brega, which was destroyed with a dual-mode seeker Brimstone missile.
A vehicle depot at Tiji was attacked by a Typhoon FGR4 and a Tornado GR4 dropping four Enhanced Paveway II and five Paveway IV weapons between them.
The Response Force Task Group withdrew from COUGAR 11 and was deployed (an RFTG ship, HMS "Ocean", and her embarked Apache attack helicopters had been deployed days earlier) to supplement UK forces in Operation Ellamy.
HMS "Liverpool" used her main gun to fire warning shots at pro-Gaddafi maritime forces moving along Libya's Mediterranean coast just west of the city of Misrata, amid concerns a threat was posed to civilians due to recent repeated attempts to mine the harbour. After initially ignoring the first shell, a further three were fired and the vessels were forced to return to their port of departure.
Several rockets were fired at HMS "Liverpool". She returned fire with her 4.5 inch main gun. The attack came after the ship had fired a barrage of illumination rounds in support of an air attack on the stronghold of Zliten.
RAF Tornados launched direct from RAF Marham in Norfolk to target command and control and air defence targets with Stormshadow cruise missiles.
Since the start of military operations on 19 March, Royal Air Force, Royal Navy, and Army Air Corps precision strikes were reported to have damaged or destroyed some 870 former regime targets.
HMS "Liverpool" was involved in the most intense shore-bombardment of the war. "Liverpool" had been tasked by a patrol aircraft to fire illumination rounds over the city of Zlitan. While conducting this mission, "Liverpool" came under fire from a Loyalist shore-battery. "Liverpool" responded by firing three rounds from her 4.5 inch gun, silencing the battery. Later on the same day, a patrol aircraft spotted a large pro-Gaddafi vehicle convoy carrying weapons and ammunition. "Liverpool" fired 54 shells from her 4.5 inch gun at the convoy, destroying or severely damaging many of the vehicles. During the ensuing chaos on the ground, NATO aircraft destroyed the remainder of the convoy.

</doc>
<doc id="31221270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221270" title="Old St Peter and St Paul's Church, Albury">
Old St Peter and St Paul's Church, Albury

Old St Peter and St Paul's Church, Albury, is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Albury, Surrey, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in Albury Park, to the northwest of Albury Hall, and between the villages of Albury and Shere.
History.
The nave of the church may date from the Saxon era but has been considerably altered from the 14th century onward. The tower, of which the lower parts contain pre-Conquest masonry, may stand on the site of an earlier chancel, but was extended outwards and upwards in the 12th century. During the following century the chancel and south transept were added. The south aisle was added in the 14th century, and the north porch in the early 16th century.
In 1819 the Albury Park estate was bought by Henry Drummond, a London banker. During the following year the spire on the tower was replaced by a cupola (a small dome). Drummond became involved with the foundation of the Catholic Apostolic Church in the 1830s, and built a church for this religious movement on his estate. The residents of Albury village had been coming to worship at their parish church in the estate, and Drummond proposed to close this church and to build a new Anglican church nearer the centre of the village. Building of both the new churches began in 1839. Drummond then commissioned A. W. N. Pugin to convert the south transept of the old church into a mortuary chapel.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The plan of the church consists of a nave and chancel separated by a centrally-placed tower. The nave has a south aisle and there is a south transept projecting from the tower. There is a north porch towards the west of the nave. The tower is in three stages with a battlemented parapet, and a small north window. In the chancel is an east window dating from the late 13th century, and a lancet window in the south wall. The transept has two two-light windows in its east wall, and a five-light south window. At the west end of the church are two gables, an arched window, and a round window. The porch is gabled and has a bargeboard pierced with quatrefoils, rosettes and tracery.
The church is constructed in ironstone and sandstone rubble. The dressings are in Bargate stone and clunch. Part of the north wall is rendered, and the north porch is timber-framed. The nave is roofed with Horsham slabs, the aisle and porch with tiles, and the transept with slates. The cupola is shingled with wood, and has a metal finial.
Interior.
The nave is separated from the south aisle by a three-bay arcade carried on octagonal pillars. The timber nave roof dates from the 14th century. Around the walls are monuments dating from the 17th and 18th centuries. A 14th-century marble coffin slab is set into the floor of the aisle. In the west wall is a niche for a statue. Over the south door is a 15th-century wall painting of Saint Christopher. In the south wall of the aisle is a 14th-century piscina. The south transept (later the Drummond Chapel) contains Drummond's marble chest tomb. The walls of the chapel are painted in red and gold by T. Early, and the windows contain stained glass by William Wailes. The ceiling is panelled, and decorated in a quatrefoil pattern.
External features.
In the churchyard is a chest tomb inscribed "Tupper Vault", that commemorates the artists Arthur Devis and Anthony Devis. The tomb is designated as a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="31221273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221273" title="Robert Packer">
Robert Packer

Robert Packer (12 September 1614 – 25 February 1682) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1646 and 1679, as well as being Usher of the Exchequer.
Packer was the son of the Clerk of the Privy Seal, John Packer of Shellingford Manor in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) and his wife, Philippa, the daughter of Francis Mills of Bitterne in Hampshire.
In 1646, he was elected Member of Parliament for Wallingford in the Long Parliament. He was excluded in 1648 under Pride's Purge. In 1660, Packer was elected again as MP for Wallingford in the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679.
Packer married Temperance Stephens daughter of Col. Edward Stephens of Little Sodbury in Gloucestershire, by whom he had at least four children. He inherited Shellingford from his father in 1649 and died on 25 February 1682, at the age of 67, being buried in Shellingford Church.

</doc>
<doc id="31221292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221292" title="New York Music Awards">
New York Music Awards

New York Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony and live concert, established in 1986 with its first sold-out show at Madison Square Garden, New York City, United States. It ran for six years with annual sold-out shows at the Beacon Theater, and then four years through 1996 with awards announced but not presented at one specific ceremony and venue.
The New York Music Awards was established by Robbie Woliver and Marilyn Lash to celebrate New York and its music after they lost the lease to their legendary and influential Greenwich Village music venue Folk City. The concerts were produced by Chip Quigley and Overland Entertainment.
The New York Music Awards celebrates New York-born-and-raised and NY-based/NY-identified artists and their recordings. Nominees include major label and indie label artists as well as unsigned and rising artists. The NYMAs introduced "new" artists such as Whitney Houston, Madonna, L.L. Cool J, Vanessa Williams, Joan Osborne, Mary J. Blige, and has been credited for first introducing rap & hip hop to the mainstream.
Up-and-coming and established artists in more than 50 different musical categories were honored each year in exciting award presentations featuring unforgettable performances by the best in the industry. Nominations and voting are done by a process that includes open nominations and finalist voting by music journalists and music industry representatives, along with a public vote. Critically acclaimed, the prestigious New York Music Awards was called "Better than the Grammys" by "The New York Times" and the "best" and "most trendsetting" awards show by the "New York Daily News".
Artists who participated and performed, and were honored over the years include: Miles Davis, Paul Simon, Billy Joel, Laura Nyro, Lou Reed, L.L. Cool J, Suzanne Vega, Public Enemy, Lenny Kravitz, Mariah Carey, Judy Collins, Rubén Blades, Art Garfunkel, Cameo, Meatloaf, Debbie Gibson, Michael Bolton, Carly Simon, Taylor Dayne, Smithereens, Lou Gramm, Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam, Nona Hendryx, Patti Smith, Odetta, Marianne Faithfull, The B-52s, C+C Music Factory, Arlo Guthrie, Mayor Ed Koch, Richie Havens, Darlene Love, Paul Shaffer, Taj Mahal, Roger Daltrey, Bobby Rivers, Marc Cohn, Yoko Ono, John Tesh, Busta Rhymes, De La Soul, Sophie B. Hawkins, Debbie Harry, John Lurie, Donna Summer, Dion, Salt-n-Pepa, Sonic Youth, Betty Carter, the Ramones, Christine Lavin, Lori Carson, The Manhattan Transfer, Phoebe Snow, Patti Austin, Cyndi Lauper, 10,000 Maniacs, Pat Benatar, Syd Straw, Patty Smyth & Scandal, Bill Graham, Frank Christian, Sinéad O'Connor, CBGB's Hilly Kristal, Howard Stern, Essra Mohawk, M.C. Lyte, Raven-Symoné, Smithereens and hundreds of others.
After a brief hiatus, the New York Music Awards returned with the 2010 New York Music Awards winners. The New York Music Awards expanded its Hall of Fame awards and evolved into a new organization, the New York Music Hall of Fame, and the awards will be an ongoing event produced the NYMHOF. 

</doc>
<doc id="31221305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221305" title="European Union Prize for Literature">
European Union Prize for Literature

European Union Prize for Literature (established in 2009) is a European Union literary award. The award is funded and founded by the Culture Programme of the European Union, and is coordinated by a Consortium, selected by a Commission. The Consortium is composed of the European Booksellers Federation, the European Writers' Council and the Federation of European Publishers. The Consortium sets up the national juries and organizes the awards. 
Each year 11 or 12 countries are selected to be part of the award, national juries are selected for each country, and each countries jury then selects a winner. After three years of rotation, all countries will have been included. Countries eligible for inclusion include: 
Each winner receives €5,000 and their books are given support for translation funding, as well as promotion.
2009.
Winners for 2009 were announced November 2009.
2010.
Winners for 2010 were announced 18 November 2010.
2011.
Winners for 2011 were announced 11 October 2011.
2012.
The awards ceremony was in Brussels on 22 October 2012.
2013.
The winners were announced on 26 September 2013. The ceremony was in Brussels on 26 November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31221313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221313" title="Foad Rafii">
Foad Rafii

Foad Rafii () M.Arch. Architect AAA, AIBC. FRAIC (born March 8, 1947) is a Canadian architect.
In 2001, The Vancouver Sun in a headline article, named Foad Rafii as one of the 10 architects who shaped the Vancouver of today.
In early 2014 Foad Rafii was elected to Fellowship in the College of Fellows of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada.
Education.
Foad is a graduate of Alborz High School (Old American College) in Tehran, who received his master’s degree in architecture with Distinction from the University of Tehran, School of Architecture in 1972.
In 1976, he attended the University of Oslo, and completed a course in “Urban and Regional Planning and Environment Protection”.
In 1987, he completed work on “Urban Waterfront Development” at the Harvard Graduate School of Design.
Career.
In 1973 together with some colleague friends he started the consulting firm ORBIS Institute for Environmental Design, Foad being the Managing Director.
While practicing in Tehran, in addition to multiple residential projects, he worked on two major department stores and a few hospitals.
Foad moved to Vancouver in 1979, and after working for an architectural firm for a couple of years, established his practice in 1983. The name of the practice was changed to Rafii Architects in 1985.
In more than a quarter century, Rafii Architects has designed numerous major projects in Vancouver, the rest of British Columbia, Alberta, and some projects abroad.
“The Greater Vancouver Book”, an urban encyclopedia- The year 1997- notes:
Iranian Architects like Foad Rafii, who designed the first buildings constructed on the North shore of False Creek after Expo 86 and the new mixed use Woodward’s building Downtown, have made and are continuing to make a significant impact on the changing face of Vancouver.
The Woodward's Building project was abandoned later, as a result of the sale of the property from the province of British Columbia to the City of Vancouver.
In fall 2009 an article published in CANADIAN BUILDERS QUARTERLY, focused on “Vancouverism” quotes Foad Rafii as an Architect who shares a significant role in this movement.

</doc>
<doc id="31221319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221319" title="Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities">
Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities

The Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities (MITH) is an internationally recognized, rapidly growing research center that is helping to transform the humanities in an era of new media and global information. It counts among the "most visible" in the field. A collaboration among the University of Maryland College of Arts and Humanities, Libraries, and Office of Information Technology, MITH cultivates innovative research agendas clustered around digital tools, text mining and visualization, and the creation and preservation of electronic literature, digital games, virtual worlds. 
History.
Made possible by a challenge grant in late 1998 by the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH), MITH began operations during the fall semester of 1999, under Martha Nell Smith, Professor of English at the University of Maryland. Smith left the directorship in 2005 and was replaced by Neil Fraistat, who assumed the role first in a one-year "acting" capacity and then, permanently, in 2006.
Projects.
MITH is involved in several on-going projects, including the following:
Resources.
MITH is the host of the "Deena Larsen Collection", a personal collection of early-era personal computers and software.
Digital Dialogues.
MITH hosts the Digital Dialogues series, which invites prominent scholars from the digital humanities, new media, and information technology fields to give a presentation on their current research. Recent talks include Siva Vaidhyanathan Ph.D. on "The Googlization of Surveillance" (May 3, 2011) and Seth Denbo Ph.D., and Director Neil Fraistat Ph.D., on "Diggable Data, Scalable Reading, and New Humanities Scholarship" (April 26, 2011).
Affiliations.
MITH is affiliated with the Dickinson Electronic Archives, Romantic Circles, and Electronic Literature Organization. 

</doc>
<doc id="31221333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221333" title="Kerstin Knüpfer">
Kerstin Knüpfer

Kerstin Knüpfer née Mühlner (born 12 April 1963) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31221354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221354" title="Albert Nutter">
Albert Nutter

Albert Edward Nutter (28 June 1913 – 3 June 1996) was an English cricketer who played over 200 first-class matches, mostly for Lancashire and Northamptonshire. He was a right-handed batsman and bowled at a medium fast pace. Born in the town of Burnley, he made his first-class debut for Lancashire in August 1935 at the age of 22. Nutter spent 10 years with Lancashire, during which time he played 70 matches for the side. In June 1939, he achieved his highest ever first-class score of 109 not out in the County Championship match against Nottinghamshire. During the same summer he spent one match as the club professional at Accrington Cricket Club in the Lancashire League.
During the early 1940s, while the County Championship was suspended due to the Second World War, Nutter played for many representative teams including the North of England, the West of England, a British Empire XI and the Royal Air Force. In 1945, he returned to the Lancashire League to play a season as the professional for Nelson Cricket Club, the club's first English professional for 24 years. Nutter joined Northamptonshire in the summer of 1948 and had his most successful season as a bowler, taking 105 wickets at an average of 22.88. He achieved career-best figures of 7–52 against Kent in July of that year. In April 1949, he played one match for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Essex. He remained with Northamptonshire until 1953, playing a total of 145 first-class matches for the county. By the end of his career, he had scored 4,829 runs at an average of 19.55, and amassed 600 wickets.
In later life, Nutter emigrated to South Africa and died in Cape Town on 3 June 1996, at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="31221368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221368" title="Gabriele Palme">
Gabriele Palme

Gabriele Palme (born 26 April 1964) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31221370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221370" title="Shershon">
Shershon

Shershon is a settlement on the north side of the Lower Barun Glacier in Nepal. It is about south-east of Mount Everest.

</doc>
<doc id="31221387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221387" title="U.S. Lighting Energy Policy">
U.S. Lighting Energy Policy

United States Lighting Energy Policy is moving towards increased efficiency in order to lower green house gas emissions and energy use. Lighting efficiency improvements in the United States can be seen through different standards and acts. The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 laid out changes in lighting legislation for the United States. This set up performance standards and the phase out of incandescent lighting in order to require the use of more efficient fluorescent lighting. EISA 2007 is an effort to increase lighting efficiency by 25-30%. Opposition to EISA 2007 is demonstrated by the Better Use of Light Bulbs Act and the Light Bulb Freedom of Choice Act. The efforts to increase lighting efficiency are also demonstrated by the Energy Star program and the increase efficiency goals by 2011 and 2013.
Incandescent light bulbs.
Incandescent lighting is the most common type used in homes, delivering about 85% of household illumination. To produce light, incandescent light bulbs convert electricity to heat, heating a filament to the point where it glows; a portion of the heat is thus converted to light. The conversion of heat to light requires a filament to be heated to high temperature, typically > 3000 K. Incandescent lamps have a low luminous efficacy, 10-22 lumens per watt, a short average operating life, 750–2500 hours, and a relatively low purchase cost.
The three most common types of incandescent lamps are standard incandescent lamps, tungsten halogen lamps, and reflector lamps. Standard incandescent lamps have an efficacy of 10-17 lumens per watts and a lifetime of 750–2500 hours. Tungsten halogen lamps have an efficacy of 12-22 lumens per watts and a lifetime of 2000–4000 hours. Finally reflector lamps have an efficacy of 12-19 lumens per watts and a lifetime of 2000–3000 hours.
Compact fluorescent light bulbs.
Fluorescent lighting converts ultraviolet light to visible light. In order to produce ultraviolet light, electrons flow through the fluorescent lamp and collide with mercury atoms. The collision with mercury causes photons of UV light to be released; the UV light is then converted to visible light as it passes through the phosphor coating in the glass tube.
The conversion process for fluorescent lighting is more efficient than the incandescent process, resulting in 25% of the total energy consumed used to generate light (compared to 5% for incandescent light bulbs) and a 10,000 hour lifetime. The complete compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) includes the Edison screwbase and plastic housing, the electronic ballast, and the fluorescent lamp which is formed into a spiral shape. Improvements in technology have allowed fluorescent lamps with color temperature and color rendition comparable to incandescent lighting.
Compact fluorescent lamps are available in a variety of styles and shapes. Some have tubes and ballasts permanently connected, while others are separate allowing you to change the tube without changing the ballast. There are also CFLs enclosed in a glass globe, which look similar to conventional incandescent light bulbs. CFLs fit most fixtures designed for incandescent lamps, although only some can be dimmed.
Energy Independence and Security Act 2007.
The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Pub.L. 110-140) laid out the changes in legislation regarding lighting in the United States in Title III, Subtitle B. In this, the different bulbs being affected by the standards changes are first defined. Along with higher standards being created for bulbs, the ballasts are also required to increase efficiency. It is also outlined within EISA 2007 that there are lighting requirements within public buildings. The General Services Administration (GSA) set minimum energy efficiency standards for leased spaces, which includes energy efficient lighting fixtures and bulbs, including the use of Energy Star and Federal Energy Management Program (FEMP) designated products.
Incandescent phase-out.
EISA 2007 set new performance requirements for certain common light bulbs, requiring that these bulbs become approximately 25-30% more efficient than the light bulbs of 2008 by 2012-2014. Overall, the intent of this was to bring into the market more efficient light bulbs. Some new incandescent products could be introduced by the effective dates of the law, including a bulb by General Electric that will decrease the amount of energy required. Non-incandescent bulbs, such as compact fluorescent (CFL) and light emitting diodes (LED) already meet the Tier I standards introduced. Some companies worked to stop the sales of incandescent bulbs in anticipation of the standards changes. For example, the home decor and furniture company IKEA phased out the stock and sale of incandescent bulbs at their stores in the US and Canada, starting in August 2011.
Defunding of incandescent phaseout.
In December 2011, the U.S. Congress defunded enforcement of EISA light-bulb performance requirements as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act in the 2012 federal budget. However, a representative of the American lighting industry said that "the industry has moved on" and that American manufacturers have already retooled production lines to make other bulbs.
U.S. lighting standards.
There are various codes and programs which attempt to characterize U.S. lighting standards. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Pub.L. 109-58) provided an energy-efficient commercial building tax reduction program for lighting systems that exceed code lighting. Based on estimates by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), lighting represents 40% of the electrical consumption in a commercial building, through the improvement of these systems the DOE believes this could be significantly decreased. The tax deduction includes a portion of installation costs.
The American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE) provides lighting standards in ASHRAE 90.1-2004. EPAct of 2005 set a deadline for states to adopt the ASHRAE 90.1-2004 standards. ASHRAE has recently published the 90.1-2010 with improved lighting standards, this includes:
Advanced lighting control is an effort made by ASHRAE 90.1-2010 to significantly reduce the energy used for lighting by commercial buildings.
The U.S. Department of Energy is improving residential codes by 30% by 2012, in an effort to move to net zero energy homes by 2020. The International Energy Conservation Code (IECC) embodies the goals of the DOE, increasing efficiency by 15% since its 2006 predecessor. The 2009 IECC requires that 50% of all permanent lamps be high efficacy lighting. The 2009 IECC, chapter 2 defines high efficacy lamps as compact fluorescent lamps, T-8 or smaller diameter linear fluorescent lamps, or lamps with a minimum efficacy of:
There are 14 states that have adopted the 2009 IECC, six have an effective date set for late 2010 early 2011. Within the next three years, approximately 33 states will have adopted and implemented IECC 2009 
Current proposed legislation.
In response to the impending phase out of incandescent bulbs with increasing standards for light bulbs, there have been multiple bills proposed in opposition to the changes made in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007.
Better Use of Light Bulbs Act.
The Better Use of Light Bulbs Act (BULB Act), or H.R. 91 (introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives January 5, 2011) repeals provisions from EISA 2007 regarding lighting energy efficiency. There are eight provisions to be repealed by this bill, and include those that: prescribe energy efficiency standards for general service incandescent lamps, rough service lamps, and other designated lamps; direct the Secretary of Energy (DOE) to conduct and report to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) on an annual assessment of the market for general service lamps and compact fluorescent lamps; direct the Secretary to carry out a proactive national program of consumer awareness, information, and education about lamp labels and energy-efficient lighting choices; prohibit a manufacturer, distributor, retailer, or private labeler from distributing in commerce specified adapters for incandescent lamps; authorize the Secretary to carry out a lighting technology research and development program; set forth minimum energy efficiency standards for incandescent reflector lamps; sets forth requirements for the use of energy efficient lighting fixtures and bulbs in public building construction, alteration, and acquisition, and; require metal-halide lamp fixtures and energy efficiency labeling for designated consumer electronic products to be included within the Energy Policy and Conservation Act's (EPCA) regulatory oversight.
This bill was introduced by Rep. Joe Barton of Texas, with 54 co-sponsors. Upon being introduced, it was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and House Energy and Commerce Committee. Since, it has also been referred to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power and the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Management.
On July 12, 2011, H.R. 2417 failed to pass by the required two-thirds majority.
Light Bulb Freedom of Choice Act.
The Light Bulb Freedom of Choice Act, or H.R. 849 (introduced 3/1/2011), also amends provisions from the EISA 2007, but is less restricting than H.R. 91. These provisions concern energy efficiency standards for general service incandescent lamps, rough service lamps, and other designated lamps, as well as incandescent reflector lamps. This bill requires that the Comptroller General present to Congress a report within six months of the Act's enactment. This report would need to include information that proves that: (1) consumers will obtain a net savings in terms of dollars spent on monthly electric bills and expenses for new light fixtures to accommodate the use of the light bulbs required by such provisions, compared to dollars spent before their enactment; (2) the phase-out of incandescent light bulbs required by such provisions will reduce overall carbon dioxide emissions by 20% in the United States by 2025; and (3) such phase-out will not pose any health risks, including risks associated with mercury containment in certain light bulbs, to consumers of the general public, including health risks with respect to hospitals, schools, day care centers, mental health facilities, and nursing homes. This report would also include monthly and yearly projections of expenses for electric bills and new light fixtures from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2017.
Federal legislators, as well as state lawmakers in places like South Carolina, had proposed measures designed to circumvent or overturn the federal lighting performance standards.
This bill was introduced on March 1, 2011 by Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota, along with eight co-sponsors. Upon being introduced, it was referred to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. On March 8, 2011, it was referred to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power, where it died.
H.R. 739.
H.R. 739 (introduced February 16, 2011) amends the EISA 2007 to prohibit any federal or state requirement to increase energy efficient lighting in certain buildings. Any hospital, school, day care center, mental health facility, or nursing home would not be required to install or utilize energy efficient lighting that contains mercury. This bill was introduced to the 112th Congress on February 16, 2011 by Rep. Michael C. Burgess of Texas. This bill was introduced to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and was referred to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power. It was also referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and was referred to the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit where it died.
South Carolina Incandescent Light Bulb Freedom Act.
H. 3735 (Introduced in the South Carolina State House on February 23, 2011 and in the state Senate on April 13, 2011) is sponsored by state Reps. Bill Sandifer and Dwight Loftis. The bill states that if traditional incandescent light bulbs can be made and sold in South Carolina, they are not covered by federal law. The bill has been assigned to the Senate Committee on Labor, Commerce and Industry where it died.
Energy Star Program for Lighting.
The Energy Star program adheres to strict energy efficient guidelines which are set by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The criteria was based on the lighting industry standards and test procedures. Light fixtures which have earned Energy Star combine quality design with the high energy efficiency.
To qualify for an Energy Star rating, the light fixtures must:
Those selling Energy Star approved luminaries will be required to participate in quality assurance testing, which uses independent, third-party, qualified testing facilities. Third-party testing provides an active system to verify the quality of Energy Star qualified SSL Luminaire products. Qualified products are selected on a random basis as well as through a nomination process. The manufacturer of each selected luminaire will be required to commission third-party testing, each being tested for: total luminous flux, luminaire efficacy, correlated color temperature, color rendering index, steady state package/module/array temperature, and maximum power supply case. If a product fails quality assurance testing, the entire product grouping is de-listed, if two ore more variations of a product qualified under a product grouping fail, the applicant is place on a probationary list. The DOE reserves the right to terminate any partnership agreements with a manufacturer whose products repeatedly violate the ENERGY STAR specifications.
The EPA announced updated standards for lighting fixtures to qualify for Energy Star labels. The next standards will be effective October 1, 2011, light fixtures will need to increase efficiency 30 percent about currently qualified fluorescent-based fixtures. In 2013, performance requirements will increase further, requiring 40 percent higher efficiency. The fixtures will continue to meet the strict performance; ensuring high quality light output as well as reduced toxins in fixture materials. A range of options will qualify under the new requirements, including fluorescent and LED lighting.

</doc>
<doc id="31221390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221390" title="Georgia Lock">
Georgia Lock

Georgia Lock (born 25 October 1996) is an English teen actress and presenter known for her role as Sadie in Sadie J and as herself in Friday Download
Career.
In 2011, Lock was cast as the main character in the children's television show Sadie J which has so far produced three series, the third of which began airing on January 23, 2013. Lock co-presented CBBC's Friday Download from 2011 to 2013, alongside actors Tyger Drew-Honey, Ceallach Spellman, Richard Wisker, Dionne Bromfield and Aidan Davis. Lock appeared in all episodes of Series 2 apart from the last one, however she only appeared in 9 of the 13 episodes in Series 1 as she was filming for Sadie J. She was also absent for two episodes of Series 3 whereupon she was replaced by guest presenter Talia Francis.
In addition to her role as the main character in Sadie J Lock recorded the theme song, "In A Boy's World". The theme tune was officially released as a song by Demon Records, in association with the BBC. A shortened version of the song is used for the Sadie J title sequence. The special shortened theme tune was changed in Series 2 by remixing the original song.
In 2013, she left Friday Download after 4 series and was replaced by presenter, Shannon Flynn, who is on Dani's Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="31221391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221391" title="Rape during the liberation of Poland">
Rape during the liberation of Poland

The subject of rape during the liberation of Poland was practically absent from the Polish historiography until the dissolution of the Soviet Union, although the documents of the era show that the problem was serious both during and after the advance of Soviet forces across Poland against Nazi Germany in later stages of World War II. The lack of research for nearly half a century regarding the scope of sexual violence by Soviet males, had been magnified by the traditional taboos among their victims, who were incapable of finding "a voice that would have enabled them to talk openly" about their wartime experiences "while preserving their dignity," wrote Katherine R. Jolluck. Joanna Ostrowska and Marcin Zaremba of the Polish Academy of Sciences wrote that rapes of the Polish women reached a mass scale following the Winter Offensive of 1945. 
Among the factors contributing to the escalation of sexual violence against women, during the liberation of Poland, was a sense of impunity on the part of individual Soviet units left to fend for themselves by their military leaders. In search of food supplies and provisions – wrote Dr Janusz Wróbel of IPN – the marauding soldiers formed gangs ready to open fire (as in Jędrzejów). Livestock was being herded away. Fields cleared of grain without recompense. Polish homes looted. In a letter to his Voivode, a Łódź county starosta warned that plunder of goods from stores and farms, was often accompanied by the rape of farmhands as in Zalesie, Olechów, Feliksin and Huta Szklana, not to mention other crimes, including murder-rape in Łagiewniki. The heavily armed marauders robbed cars, horse-drawn carriages, even trains. In his next letter to Polish authorities, the same starosta wrote that rape and plunder is causing the population to fear and hate the Soviet regime.
Red Army Winter Offensive of 1945.
Cases of mass rape occurred in major Polish cities taken by the Red Army. In Kraków, Soviet entry into the city was accompanied by the wave of rapes of women and girls, and the widespread theft of personal property. According to Prof. Chwalba of Jagiellonian University, this behavior reached such a scale that the Polish communists installed in the city by the Soviet Union, composed a letter of protest to Joseph Stalin himself. At the Kraków Main station, Poles who tried to rescue the victims of gang rape were shot at. Meanwhile, church masses were held in expectation of the Soviet withdrawal.
Polish women in Silesia were the target of mass rape along with their German counterparts even after the Soviet front moved much further west – wrote Ostrowska & Zaremba. In the first six months of 1945, only in Dębska Kuźnia 268 rapes were reported. In March 1945 near Racibórz, 30 women captured at a linen factory were locked in a house in Makowo and raped over a period of time under the threat of death. The woman who gave her testimony to the police, was being raped by four men. German and Polish women were apprehended on the streets of Katowice, Zabrze and Chorzów and gang raped by drunken soldiers, usually outdoors. According to Naimark, the Red Army servicemen did not differentiate along the ethnic lines, or between victims and occupiers. 
Polish and German women in Warmia and Masuria endured the same ordeal, wrote Ostrowska & Zaremba. In the city of Olsztyn in March 1945, practically no woman survived without being violated by the Soviet rapists "irrespective of their age" claimed one letter from the recovered territories. Their age was estimated at 9 years of age to 80. Sometimes, among the victims were a grandmother, a mother and a granddaughter. Women were gang raped by as many as several dozen soldiers. In a letter from Gdańsk dated 17 April 1945, a Polish woman who acquired work around the Soviet garrison reported: "because we spoke Polish, we were in demand. However, most victims there were raped up to 15 times. I was raped 7 times. It was horrible." A letter from Gdynia written a week later said, that the only resort for the women was to hide in the basements all day.
The coming of spring.
There is evidence, that a loophole in the Soviet directives, might have contributed to even greater number of rapes committed on Polish women by the Red Army soldiers, wrote Jerzy Kochanowski from the University of Warsaw. Professor Jerzy Kochanowski from the "Institute of 20th Century History" of the University of Warsaw, served as deputy Editor-in-chief of the historical journal "Mówią Wieki" in 1994-1995. He specializes in Polish-German and Polish-Russian affairs.</ref> German women were protected (at least partially) by strict instructions about their treatment during transfer, issued by the Soviet command. Meanwhile, there were no such instructions, or any instructions whatsoever about the Poles. In the County of Leszno some "war commanders" began to claim openly that their soldiers needed to have sex. At the same time, the farms given to Poles arriving from Kresy, were robbed of anything of value by the Red Army, especially of any agricultural equipment left behind by the Germans. 
According to Ostrowska & Zaremba, the month of June 1945 was the worst. A 52-year-old victim of gang rape from Pińczów testified that two Soviet war veterans returning from Berlin told her that they fought for Poland for three years and thus had the right to have all Polish females. In Olkusz twelve rapes were recorded in two days. In Ostrów county, 33. The local Militia report stated that on June 25 near Kraków a husband and child were shot dead before a woman was raped in one village and in another, a 4-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by two Soviet males. According to statistics of the Polish Ministry of Health, there was a pandemic of sexually transmitted diseases across the country, affecting around 10% of the general population. In Masuria up to 50% of women were infected. 
In East Prussia (Prusy Wschodnie) many ethnic German women, alarmed by the Nazis, fled ahead of the Soviet offensive, leaving the Polish women to endure rapes (mostly by the Kalmyks) and witness the systematic burning of ransacked houses, for example in the town of Iława in late January 1945, under the Soviet Major Konstantinov – wrote historian Wiesław Niesiobędzki. Eye witness Gertruda Buczkowska spoke of a labor camp near Wielka Żuława employing two hundred ethnic Belarussian women. In late January 1945 Buczkowska saw their bodies in the snow while fleeing with her mother and five German women of Hamburg who joined them. The five Germans in turn, were found naked and dead in a basement of a house on ulica Rybaków street in Iława a few days later.
Return from forced labour.
According to Ostrowska and Zaremba, Polish women taken to Germany for slave labour were being raped on a large scale by Soviet soldiers as well as former POWs. In May 1945, at the conference of delegates of various repatriation offices, the final resolution stated: "through Stargard and Szczecin, there is a mass movement of Polish people returning from forced labour in the Third Reich. They are the subject of constant attacks by individual soldiers as well as organized groups. Along the journey, Poles are frequently robbed, and Polish women raped. In our response to the question posed to the Polish delegation of whether the rapes of Polish women could be regarded as exceptional, management of the local repatriation office declared, on the basis of permanent contact with the returning Poles, that women are the target of violent aggression as a matter of course, not the opposite". Russian historian Ia. S. Drabkin suggested in his 1989 interview that it was "not the soldiers who caused most of the problems with rape in the occupation administration, but former Soviet POWs and Soviet citizens working for SVAG, who often wore uniforms" which looked exactly the same. 
Sometimes, even the presence of militia could not provide adequate protection, since the militiamen were frequently disarmed. For the women, moving trains and the train stations were especially dangerous, as in Bydgoszcz or around Radom and Legnica. The gravely serious situation in Pomerania was described in a report by one agent of the Delegatura Rządu na Kraj, quoted by Ostrowska & Zaremba. In some counties there were virtual "orgies of rape". The commandant of Polish militia headquarters in Trzebiatów issued a warning to all Polish women not to walk outside without escort.
"With nearly two million Russian deserters and former POWs at large in Soviet-occupied Europe, it is no wonder that banditry on their part became a serious problem for the occupation," wrote Naimark. The number of Polish victims of rape in 1944–1947 would be hard to estimate accurately, wrote Ostrowska & Zaremba. The biggest difficulty in their estimation comes from the fact that the ethnic makeup of the victims was not always stated in Polish official reports. Generally speaking, the attitude of Soviet servicemen toward women of Slavic background was better than toward those who spoke German. According to Ostrowska & Zaremba; whether the number of purely Polish victims could have reached or even exceeded 100,000 is only a matter of guessing.

</doc>
<doc id="31221396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221396" title="Smart grid policy in the United States">
Smart grid policy in the United States

The term smart grid "has come to describe a next-generation electrical power system that is typified by the increased use of communications and information technology in the generation, delivery and consumption of electrical energy." Some of the main benefits to smart grid technology are that individual consumers have more control over their electricity consumption, which can lead to greater overall energy efficiency. Home appliances can be programmed to run at specific times when electrical demand is lowest. This has a two-pronged benefit of reducing the occurrence of brownouts and blackouts that frequent our current electrical grid, as well as reducing the need for peak power plants, which are typically more expensive to run. The reliability and efficiency of our electrical grid can be enhanced by implementing smart grid technologies, however this would require modifications to our current electrical system, and advances towards its adoption in the United States have been slow. The history of smart grid related policies and their implications on the American electrical system, as well as Title XIII of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 and potential future regulations and policy pertaining to smart grid will be discussed to give some indication as to the status of Smart Grid policy and potential adoption in the United States.
The History of U.S. Smartgrid Policy.
Some U.S. Smart Grid Milestones 
Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 Title XIII.
Title XIII of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA)(Pub.L. 110-140) is the only major piece of federal legislation that addresses the modernization of the United States’ electric utility transmission and distribution system by upgrading to the Smart Grid. The shift to Smart Grid technology would maintain the reliability and infrastructure protection that we are accustomed to with our current grid system while providing many benefits that our current system is incapable of meeting. Smart Grid, on a broad scale, refers to an advanced distribution system which accommodates for the “flow of information from a customer’s meter in two directions: both inside the house to thermostats, appliances, and other devices, and from the house back to the utility”. Smart Grid is designed to support operational and energy measures such as smart meters and appliances, renewable energy resources, as well as energy efficiency resources. This piece of legislation sets up a variety of measures that must be developed to facilitate the eventual deployment of Smart Grid in the United States. Various research-related committees and councils are created and called upon for information pertaining to Smart Grid. The Department of Energy (DOE) is required by Section 1304 to conduct Smart Grid research, development and demonstration, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology is to establish protocols and standards for Smart Grid equipment and systems. Smart Grid technology is even subsidized by the creation of a program within the DOE that “reimburses 20% of qualifying Smart Grid investments”. On a state level, utilities are encouraged to employ Smart Grid technology and to recover Smart Grid investments through rates.
Section 1301: Statement of policy on modernization of electricity grid.
The most comprehensive discussion of Smart Grid technology and its potential implementation in the United States is outlined in Title XIII of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. This portion of the legislation states the policy position of the United States government to “support the modernization of the Nation’s electricity transmission and distribution system to maintain a reliable and secure electricity infrastructure that can meet future demand growth…” as well as to achieve several characteristic aspects of the Smart Grid. These aspects include smart metering, the use of digital controls to improve the efficiency, reliability, and security of the grid, deployment of smart technologies, and other key developments that would enhance the U.S. electric grid.
Section 1302: Smart grid system report.
According to Title XIII Section 1302, reports are to be made to Congress 1 year after enactment and every 2 years after that to give “the status of smart grid deployments nationwide as well as any regulatory or government barriers to continued deployment”. The Smart Grid Task Force established in section 1303 will assist with this, and provide the current status and prospects of smart grid including “information on technology penetration, communications network capabilities, costs, and obstacles”. This task force can make recommendations for State and Federal policies or actions to ease in the transition to a smart grid.
Section 1303. Smart grid advisory committee and smart grid task force.
Title XIII Sec. 1303(a-b) provides for the creation of a Smart Grid Task Force and Advisory Committee. The purpose of the Smart Grid task force is to undertake such tasks as research and development pertaining to smart grid, developing relevant standards and protocols, defining the relationship between smart grid technologies and practices and current electric utility regulation, as well as researching the development of smart grid infrastructure. The task force is charged to collaborate with the Smart Grid Advisory Committee, whose purpose is to advise policymakers on the development of smart grid technologies and the progress of the country in adopting and transitioning to these technologies. Section 1302 of Title XIII calls for a biyearly Smart Grid system report to be generated by the Secretary of Energy and the Smart Grid Task Force with contributions from the Smart Grid Advisory Committee to brief Congress on the status of smart grid deployments throughout the country as well as “any regulatory or government barriers to continued deployment”. The report is to address the current status and outlook of the development and implementation of the smart grid.
Section 1304. Smart grid technology research, development and demonstration.
Sec. 1304(a) also calls for the implementation of a program to develop power grid digital information technology, such as developing sophisticated techniques for determining peak load reductions and energy-efficiency savings from smart metering and other smart grid components. Other responsibilities of this program include creating algorithms to use in electric transmission system software applications, and to investigate potential access by electric utilities to the electricity stored in alternative vehicles to meet peak demand loads. A smart grid regional demonstration initiative was also established by EISA Title XIII Sec. 1304(b) that is composed of demonstration projects aimed towards advanced technologies in the power grid. The goals of the ‘Initiative’ include demonstrating the potential benefits of investing in advanced grids and facilitating in the transition from the current grid system to the smart grid. These and other goals are to be carried out in the form of demonstrations in different electricity control areas.
Section 1305. Smart grid interoperability framework.
A Smart Grid Interoperability Framework is also mandated by Section 1305(a-e) of Title XIII whose purpose is to develop protocols and standards for the management of information so that smart grid devices and systems can interoperate within the existing electrical grid. The overarching goal of this framework is to “align policy, business, and technology approaches in a manner that would enable all electric resources, including demand-side resources, to contribute to an efficient, reliable electricity network”.
Section 1306. Federal matching fund for smart grid investment costs.
Sec. 1306(a) provides for a federal matching fund for smart grid investment costs in which 20% of qualifying smart grid investments will be reimbursed by the grant program. Qualifying investments that are provided for in section 1306(b) include certain household appliances, specialized electricity-using equipment like motors and drivers, metering devices and transmission and distribution equipment. Computer software that enables devices to engage in Smart Grid functions are also considered qualifying investments, as well as hybrid vehicles.
Section 1307. State consideration for smart grid.
Section 1307 provides that electric utilities in individual states should consider and report to the state on investing in a qualified smart grid system based on a variety of economic, social, and technological factors. These factors listed in Sec. 1307(a)(16)(A)include the total costs and cost-effectiveness, "improved reliability, security, system performance and societal benefit". State electric utilities are also permitted in Sec. 1307(a)(16)(B)to recover any capital, operating expenditure, or other costs of the electric utility relating to the deployment of smart grid, from ratepayers. Electricity purchasers are likewise entitled to direct access to information from their electricity provider on smart grid such as prices, usage, intervals and projections, and sources from which their power was generated. Purchasers are also allowed to access their power information through the internet or other means as granted through Sec. 1307(a)(17)(B).
Section 1308. Study of the effect of private wire laws on development.
Studies on both the effect of private wire laws on the development of combined heat and power facilities as well as on security attributes of smart grid systems are also provided for in this piece of the legislation. A study of the laws and regulations affecting the siting of privately owned electric distribution wires on and across public rights-of-way are is to be conducted according to Sec. 1308(a)(1). The required evaluation must discuss the purposes of the laws and the “effect the laws have on the development of combined heat and power facilities”. The study must also determine whether a change in the laws would have any major impacts on electric utilities and the customers of the utilities. Lastly, it must assess whether privately owned electric distribution wires would result in “duplicative facilities” and whether these are necessary or desirable.
Section 1309. DOE study of security attributes of smart grid systems.
This section requires that a report be submitted to Congress that “provides a quantitative assessment and determination of the existing and potential impacts of the deployment of Smart Grid systems on improving the security of the Nation’s electricity infrastructure and operating capability” according to Sec. 1309(a).
The report should include how Smart Grid improves or disrupts the security of the nation’s electrical grid, its reliability, stability during emergencies, and potential risks of the system.
Development Barriers.
There are many technological barriers to achieving a smart grid. One of the largest is the deployment advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) technology. These devises receive market data and adjust household consumption accordingly. The ability to measure bi-direction flow of power and offer dynamic pricing by AMI technology is essential to the successfulness of the deployment of other technologies such as distributed generation, demand-response measures, or automated distribution schemes. Additionally the aging distribution system raises questions as to whether it will be able to reliably handle smart technology and distributed distribution. Investments will need to be made in distribution infrastructure and management practices to handle the increase in smart technology deployment. Consumer products such as washers, driers, and water heaters need to be designed or retrofitted to handle dynamic communication of market signals from AMI devices. Finally, the widespread sharing of data and control of personal devises presents large legal, privacy, and security risks that must be addressed.
Future Regulation and Policy.
Since the federal government has stated the goal of promoting smart grid-technology, future legislation and incentives will address these barriers. The Department of Energy (DoE), Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are the primary government agencies developing smart grid policy. The DoE is working towards development of smart grids through investment grants, demonstration pilot programs, and research and development. In addition they are responsible for monitoring the progress of smart grid deployment and must submit a biannual report to Congress. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) has the authority to regulate wholesale distribution of electricity. FERC is collaborating with the National Institute of Standards and Technology to develop the hundreds of standards necessary to regulate smart grid technology. The development of regulations and standards for the wide range of technology involved is essential to remove legal barriers and facilitate the development of technological solutions.
Department of Energy.
In 2009, the DoE elected 9 pilot projects to demonstrate different smart grid technologies under the Distributed Systems Integration Program. Each program is expected to reduce peak loads by 15%. Projects are located in Hawaii, California, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Illinois, West Virginia, and New York. The technologies being tested for each project vary widely based on the resources available in the region. For example, in Las Vegas, Nevada where residential energy demand is high due to the desert climate, the “Hybrid” Home project by the University of Nevada, Las Vegas aims to reduce residential peak load demand by developing photovoltaics and energy storage with advanced meters for automated demand response. In Illinois on the other hand, the Never-Failing Perfect Power Prototype by the Illinois Institute of Technology aims to integrate advanced meters, power controller systems, and demand response controllers to create a more robust distribution grid that reduce peak loads and reduces the risk of blackouts. These pilot projects are important research opportunities both to develop the new technology and to point out policy and regulation concerns that must be addressed.
In addition to funding research and pilot programs, the DoE is tasked with monitoring the development of smart grids and reporting to Congress every two years. In their first report in 2009, the DoE set forth 20 metric by which current smart grids deployment was rated and can be measured. The report found that policy and regulatory progress was at a low level of maturity but was increasing at a moderate trend. The report also stated that policy and regulation should be emphasized to enable the development of new smart grid products, services, and markets.
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
FERC primary responsibilities and jurisdiction requires it to establish rates and terms and conditions for wholesale interstate transmission and sale of electricity. Under EISA it is given the authority to develop standards but has not been mandated to or given the authority to make standards mandatory. Their efforts therefore have been to collect information and concerns from stakeholders such as National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners and assist the NIST in developing standards relevant to FERC’s jurisdiction. FERC identified two major policy issues to address, system security and inter-system communication. In addition it identified wide-area situational awareness, demand response, electric storage, electric vehicles, advanced metering, and distribution system automation as six areas of functionality that must be given priority.
National Institute of Standards and Technology.
In January 2010 the NIST published the Framework and Roadmap for Smart Grid Interoperability Standards, Release 1.0. The publication identified 75 standards that range from telecommunications, internet, and power industry topics that are likely applicable to smart grids. In addition, it identified 16 priority areas that are essential to addressing policy and regulatory gaps. The NIST also formed the Smart Grid Interoperability Panel of 22 stakeholders to continueally provide input on the regulations being developed. This panel will play a major role in the second release of the standards which work began on in October 2010.
States.
At the state level, several states have created legislation to facilitate the development of smart grids. In California Senate Bill 17 requires the California Public Utility Commission (California PUC) to create a smart grid deployment plan by July 1, 2001 and electrical corporations must submit a smart grid deployment plan to the California PUC by June 1, 2011. The bill required that standards be adopted for California that complied with standards from NIST, the Gridwise Architecture Council, the International Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the North America Electric Reliability Cooperation, and FERC. If utilities fail to meet the standards or present a plan to meet them by the June 1 deadline, they will be vulnerable to millions of dollars in penalties. In Illinois, utilities must reduce peak load by 0.1% every year for 10 years according to the Illinois Power Agency Act, Senate Bill 1592. While this does not specifically require the development of smart grids, it has resulted in several state utilities to invest in smart grids including the deployment of several hundred thousand smart meters. Similar policy has been enacted in Maryland, according to the EmPOWER Maryland Energy Efficiency Act of 2008, Senate Bill 205, utilities must reduce peak demand by 15% by 2015. The law tasks the Maryland Public Service Commission with determine the effectiveness of smart grid technology and gives it the authority to mandate the deployment of smart grid technology by utilities. In Colorado the city of Boulder is acting as a case study on smart grid technology. A major concern of the state legislature is security of information being transmitted over the grid, the findings in Boulder will play a significant role in the development of policy for the rest of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="31221402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221402" title="Ohio Electric Railway">
Ohio Electric Railway

The Ohio Electric Railway Company was an interurban system formed in 1907 with the consolidation of 14 smaller interurban railways. It was one of Ohio's largest interurban systems. It connected Toledo, Lima, Dayton, Columbus, and Cincinnati, providing efficient passenger service to scores of small towns in western Ohio between these major cities. It survived until 1927 when it went bankrupt. Its various components returned to being the interurban companies that they were before 1907.
Background.
Between 1900 and the early 1920s, most rural roads in the United States were unpaved and were primarily traveled by horse drawn buggies and wagons. In wet weather and in winter, these roads were often impassable. Towns and cities themselves were slowly bricking their dirt streets, and some had electric streetcar lines. Entrepreneurs began to form groups of local investors to extend town trolleys into the countryside and to adjacent towns. The result was the start of an interurban trolley system, particularly in the states of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and California. These country trolley/interurban lines became reliable transportation for people and also for moving farm and dairy products to town. However, interurban lines were expensive to build and expensive to maintain, many employees were required. Operational costs were often underestimated and operating revenues were often overestimated. A stock offering and a sale of bonds would be followed by another then another to raise more capital, if banks would ccomodate. Rolling stock, right-of-way purchase or lease, track, and the electrical system were a big initial costs. Sometimes power houses had to be constructed, but then power could also be sold to surrounding communities for a source of income. A bridge could be a costly surprise. Passenger coaches, freight motors, snow sweepers, trolley maintenance cars, block signals (if provided), buildings for depots, repair "shops,' a coach yard: all had to be provided. Franchise agreements with the various towns had to be obtained, and not all towns were cooperative. Around 1924, states and counties began to pave their highways, and inexpensive cars became available. The result was that many former riders stopped using the interurban. Many interurban companies were in financial distress even before the 1920. Some tried combining with neighboring lines to improve efficiency and customer base, but many simply abandoned and tore up rails.
The 1920s and 1930s.
The Ohio Electric, which had been an amalgamation under one management of a number of western Ohio interurban lines in 1907 went bankrupt in 1927, and the original component interurbans assumed their former identities or abandoned operation. Parts of some lines eventually evolved in 1926 into the Cincinnati, Hamilton, and Dayton and then in 1930 to the expansive and ambitious Cincinnati and Lake Erie Railroad with new equipment, upgraded track, and plans for a big freight operation. The CH&D and the C&LE were moderately successful and freight deliveries definitely grew, but the decline of national business conditions due to the Depression 1930s led to the abandonment of the C&LE in 1938. Many interurban lines were replaced by buses by 1939. The Cincinnati and Lake Erie changed its name to Cincinnati & Lake Erie Transportation and operated busses. It was absorbed by the Greyhound system in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="31221419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221419" title="Kiepenkerl">
Kiepenkerl

Kiepenkerl is a modern sculpture by Jeff Koons. It is constructed of polished cast stainless steel.
Cast in 1987, it is an edition of 3. An example is in the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.
It refers to the traveling peddlers statue in Münster, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31221431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221431" title="Antony Alda">
Antony Alda

Antony Alda (December 12, 1956 – July 3, 2009) was an American actor who grew up in a famous acting family. The son of Robert Alda, he was born in France, his early studies were in Rome and he finished at The Juilliard School in New York City. An active actor, he appeared on stage, and in film, and on television, including his role as Johnny Corelli in "Days of our Lives". His career culminated in writing, directing, and performing in "The Role of a Lifetime". He died at age 52.
Early life.
Antony Joseph Alda, born Antonio D'Abruzzo on Dec. 9, 1956, in St. Julien, France, into what would later be called an acting dynasty. His father was well known in the United States both in film and on Broadway, where he earned a Tony. Alda's mother, Flora Martino, was an Italian actress. His half-brother, Alan Alda, graduated from Fordham University in the year of Alda’s birth. Antony’s sons, Ian and Alexander (Zan), as well as his nieces, Beatrice and Elizabeth, have continued the family tradition.
Alda described growing up within the dynasty, "The theater has always been a comfortable place for me. I spent all my summers on Broadway. Dad would be in one play and Alan would be in another. I used to hang out with the lighting guys." He found that being an Alda had its professional ups and downs. "People figure you know what you're doing because you grew up around acting. Other people think you got the part because of your name."
Antony Alda finished his high school studies at Notre Dame International in Rome and completed his academic career studying musical composition at The Juilliard School in New York City. Alda was married twice, first in 1975 to Leslie Clark at Saint Thomas Episcopal Church in New York City at Fifth Avenue. Their reception was held at the old Biltmore Hotel. The marriage lasted until 1977. His sons were born during his marriage to actress Lori Carrell, to whom he was married from 1981-1992. During this time, his mother commented, "Marriage was good for Tony. It changed him and made him more mature."
Career.
Throughout his career, Alda played in seven films including "Melvin and Howard", which won an Oscar, and "Homeboy." He also appeared in three movies including "Hot Child in the City" and two TV “shorts” including "Bungle Abbey. He was cast in several television series and appeared in more than 200 episodes including two on "Knots Landing" as Rick Elliot. Alda later played Johnny Corelli during two years (1990-91) on NBC’s "Days of our Lives".
Like Johnny Corelli, Alda saw himself as something of a jokester. He said, "I always played practical jokes on people." One prank involved his putting on a wig and passing himself off as one of his mother's church friends to a visiting aunt.
"The Role of a Lifetime".
His most notable accomplishment is the film, "The Role of a Lifetime", released in 2001. Alda wrote, directed, and acted in, the film. The film is about a formerly successful actor, Bobby. Bobby seems to be egotistical at first, but is rendered into a sympathetic persona by the starring actor, Scott Bakula. Bobby has lost his wife in the Hollywood rat race and is on his way to becoming a “has been.” He has an accident that results in a disappearance long enough for Hollywood to assume he is dead and to begin to cast a movie based on his life. Bobby takes on a different identity, that of Texan Buck Steele, in order to audition for and, eventually, play himself in the movie. In the persona of Buck Steele, Bobby interacts with his ex-wife, his best friend and a mysterious old Hispanic gentleman. These experiences, while disturbing, enable Bobby to reexamine many aspects of his life. (Alda both credited and quoted Socrates. He inconspicuously placed Socrates’ quote: “An unexamined life is not worth living” in several scenes.)
Death.
Antony Alda died July 3, 2009, in Los Angeles at age 52. The cause of death was cirrhosis of the liver.

</doc>
<doc id="31221437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221437" title="Presidency of the International Criminal Court">
Presidency of the International Criminal Court

The Presidency of the International Criminal Court oversees the activities of the Registry and organises the work of the judicial divisions. It also has some responsibilities in the area of external relations, such as negotiating agreements on behalf of the court and promoting public awareness and understanding of the institution.
The Presidency comprises the President and the First and Second Vice-Presidents — three judges of the court who are elected to the Presidency by their fellow judges for a maximum of two three-year terms.

</doc>
<doc id="31221440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221440" title="List of places of worship in Chengannur">
List of places of worship in Chengannur

A list of places of worship in the Kerala municipality of Chengannur.
'"==Hindu temples==

</doc>
<doc id="31221442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221442" title="Silvia Schmitt">
Silvia Schmitt

Silvia Schmitt (born 19 April 1962) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31221472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221472" title="Metaxia">
Metaxia

Metaxia is a genus of minute sea snails with right-handed shell-coiling, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Triphoridae, which are mostly left-handed in shell-coiling. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Metaxia" are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31221497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221497" title="Andrea Stolletz">
Andrea Stolletz

Andrea Stolletz (born 30 October 1963) is a German handball goalkeeper. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31221512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221512" title="Elise Polko">
Elise Polko

Elise Vogel Polko (31 January 1822 in Leipzig – 15 May 1899 in Munich) was a German novelist.
Biography.
She was a sister of Eduard Vogel, the African explorer, and attained considerable fame as a public singer, but retired from the stage after her marriage to Polko, a scientist, and thenceforth devoted herself to literature, in which field she won much notice.
Works.
Her "Musikalische Märchen" (Musical tales; 1852) was translated into English, as were others of her books. She published "Ein Frauenleben" (A woman's life; 1854), "Erinnerungen an Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy" (Recollections of Felix Mendelssohn; 1868), "Aus dem Jahre 1870", "Conversations" (1872), "Neues Märchenbuch" (1884), and other works.

</doc>
<doc id="31221515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221515" title="Barklie Lakin">
Barklie Lakin

Richard Barklie Lakin, DSO, DSC& Bar (8 October 1914 – 1 March 2011) was a British industrialist, chairman of Vickers Armstrong and an officer in the Royal Navy during the Second World War.
Lakin survived a car accident which claimed his father at the age of eight. He graduated from Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth in 1932 and joined the cruiser . He transferred to submarines, initially joining and in 1938 as navigating officer. He was due to transfer to the new submarine but this appointment was cancelled before her loss in an accident on 1 June 1939.
On the outbreak of was Lakin transferred to and then to in November 1940 serving in the Mediterranean. A successful series of patrols which sank Italian supply ships and landed or recovered agents on three occasions resulted in the award of Lakin’s first Distinguished Service Cross. Returning to Britain, Lakin was given command of in December 1941 and was then given command of the "Ursula" in March 1942. HMS "Ursula" was based in Malta as part of the 10th submarine squadron which was charged with interdicting Axis supply convoys to North Africa. Lakin took part in several patrols including support for Operation Torch for which he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order and landing agents in Italy. 
Lakin was given command of the S-class submarine in April 1943 and undertook four war patrols. His boat acted as a navigation beacon for US forces during the Invasion of Sicily and sunk several vessels. Lakin was appointed as a liaison officer with the US Navy in 1943 and undertook several patrols on American submarines in the Pacific. Lakin's final naval mission was to look after surrendered U-Boats in Londonderry, Northern Ireland at the end of the war. 
Lakin joined Vickers-Armstrongs in 1946 as an engineer, eventually becoming Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In 1956 he was based in Egypt and was interned by the Egyptian authorities during the Suez Crisis. 
Lakin married twice; his first wife Pamela Jackson-Taylor died in 1981. His second wife Pansy Philips also pre-deceased him. He is survived by his long term companion, Joy Almond and his three sons and three daughters from his first marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="31221521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221521" title="Halabiye Dam">
Halabiye Dam

The Halabiye Dam (or Zalabiye Dam) is a proposed dam on the Euphrates in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syria. It will be the fourth and most southern dam on the Syrian Euphrates, after the Tishrin Dam, the Tabqa Dam and the Baath Dam. The proposed location for the dam is the narrow gap in the Euphrates valley northwest of Deir ez-Zor that is created by basalt outcrops on the left and right river banks. It is expected that dry areas will be brought under cultivation with irrigation water provided by the dam. In preparation of this project, the director of the Syrian Directorate-General of Antiquities and Museums (DGAM) appealed in 2009 to international teams of archaeologists to participate in the rescue excavations of the archaeological sites that would be threatened by the construction of the dam and the flooding of its reservoir. These excavations are expected to be carried out between 2010 and 2012. The sites that are threatened are located in the area that is projected to be flooded by the reservoir and in the area where construction works for the dam will take place. Important sites that are threatened include the Roman–Byzantine sites of Halabiye and Zalabiye that were first fortified by the Palmyrene queen Zenobia in the 3rd century CE. The lower town of Halabiye will be partially flooded by the reservoir and the Syrian government is cooperating with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and UNESCO to limit the impact of the dam on this site as well as on Zalabiye. Other threatened sites include Bronze Age Tell Ma’dan and Tell Humeyda with Ubaid, Uruk and Byzantine material.

</doc>
<doc id="31221530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221530" title="Bianca Urbanke">
Bianca Urbanke

Bianca Urbanke (born 17 September 1967) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31221539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221539" title="Neervilakom">
Neervilakom

Neervilakom (Malayalam : നീര്‍വിളാകം) (also spelt Neervilakam, Neervilakem, Nirvilakam, Nirvilakom, Nirvilakem) is a village located from Chengannur and from Aranmula. Neervilakom is a suburb of Aranmula panchayath in the extreme west part of pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala in south India. It is the geographical border of Alappuzha and pathanamthitta districts. It shares borders with Malakkara, Arattupuzha, Puthancavu, Kurichumuttam and Piralasherry villages.
Neervilakom is situated 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Chengannur in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India. The main attraction of this place is the ancient temple "Shree Dharma Shastha Temple". Lord Ayyappa is the main deity. Thousands of devotees from various places of Central Travancore worship here.
Postal Index Number of Neervilakom is 689122 and is served by Angadical-Chengannur post office.
This place is remarkably known for its economic contribution to the entire Central Travancore. Majority of the population are NRIs who play very important role in accomplishing the foreign exchange for the nation.
Neervilakom has an average elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="31221547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221547" title="A for Anything">
A for Anything

A for Anything is a science fiction novel by Damon Knight. The author postulates the discovery, in the near future, of the "Gismo", a device that can duplicate anything—even another Gismo. Since all material objects have become essentially free, the only commodity of value is human labor, and the author suggests that a slave economy would be the inevitable result.
The novel first appeared in 1959 as "The People Maker" (Zenith Books), based on a story in the November 1957 issue of "Fantasy and Science Fiction". Knight subsequently revised the text, which was published by Berkley in 1961 as "A for Anything." It is generally considered to be Knight's finest novel.
Knight has said of this novel: "I chose the matter duplicator, because I thought other authors had handled it badly."
Synopsis.
An anonymous inventor sends copies of the "Gismo" through the mail to hundreds of people. Civil society immediately collapses; as one news commentator says: "The big question today is: Have you got a Gismo? And believe me, nothing else matters." The story jumps to the year 2149: the society we know has been replaced by a society of wealthy minority supported by slavery. Access to Gismos is jealously guarded by a handful of strong men. The story is told through the eyes of Dick Jones, the son of the leader of Buckhill, a compound in the Poconos. Jones is coming of age and is about to be sent to Eagles, another, larger compound in the Rocky Mountains, for military training. Jones is initially presented as an unsympathetic character: spoiled, impulsive, hot-headed. In his final day at Buckhill, he insults a cousin who then challenges Dick to a duel; Dick kills him, and has to be ushered away in secret the following morning for fear of retribution.
Jones arrives at Eagles, a fabulous city built into a mountain. Like Buckhill, Eagles is run as a slave society; but Jones is startled to realize that the Gismo is used to duplicate slaves, and that the most trusted slaves have been copied hundreds of times. Status among citizens is determined by social connections, and, for males, by skill at hand-to-hand combat. The author takes care to show us the seamy side of Eagles; for instance, the Boss relaxes by dropping slaves from the top of a tall tower and watching them plunge to their death via closed-circuit television. This may be done because it is suggested that all but the very best of slaves are "recycled" at about 30 years of age but with a 300 slaves for every freeman ratio at Eagles, some slaves live much longer.
There are hints from Jones's father in Buckhill that the slaves are contemplating revolt. In Eagles, Jones is introduced to a secret society that debates the merits of the slave culture and that plans a revolution, with the collaboration of a disaffected member of the ruling family. Jones is enthralled by the arguments he hears. At these meetings, the reader discovers that once the Gismo was sent out and the initial battles were fought, almost no scientific advances were made because the Gismo could do everything. It is hinted that some saw the time of chaos as a chance to advance space exploration but some people from the meetings say that it was all theory and nothing was ever built. But before the revolution can be put into action, the slaves revolt, killing most of the free citizens in Eagles and Buckhill, including Jones's family. Jones is forced to choose between his allegiance to kin and his yearning for a better society. In the end, Jones chooses to turn against the slaves so that he can become "The Man" at Buckhill replacing his murdered Father and getting society back to where it was when he left for Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="31221556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221556" title="Pageant wagon">
Pageant wagon

A pageant wagon is a movable stage or cart used to accommodate the mystery and miracle play cycles of the 10th through the 16th Century. These religious plays were developed from biblical texts and they reached the height of their popularity in the 15th century before being rendered obsolete by the rise of professional theatre.
History.
"As long as the medieval religious plays were allowed to stay within the churches, special stages were erected for them." 
Pageant comes from the archaic word for the wagon stage, "pagyn.” It is a word used to describe the movable stage on which a scene of the processional religious play was performed.
The origin of the religious play began in medieval churches. The dramas began as a simple way to impart the message of the Bible to the people. They then grew and developed their own conventions. They brought to the common person a pageantry and entertainment so necessary to relieve the people from the monotony of the every day task. 
During these monotonous times, in places like St. Gall, Switzerland in the 10th Century, the church put on shows at their Easter masses. Pantomimes would take place in the church depicting Christ’s Resurrection to the attendants of the mass. A few centuries later in Florence, Filippo Brunelleschi (1377–1446) began to create theatrical depictions of religious texts and see them as a potential work of art.
It wasn’t until 1493 however, that the Sacra Rappresentazione, an earlier form of the Mystery Play, was presented on a scaffold in the church in which “hundreds of lights encircled the ‘Throne of God.”
This new form of spectacle based theatrical representation of both Old and New Testament texts spread throughout Europe and encompassed North and Central Europe, France, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, and England. As the plays became more than mere pantomimes of biblical stories, they took on bigger texts and were performed at Christmas, Corpus Christi, and numerous other religious saints days or feasts.
As the drama of the production became more ambitious the playing spaces also grew. The plays originally were performed on the altar of the church but grew to encompass the entirety of the front of the church. Eventually the plays grew beyond the capacity of the interior of the church and moved its front steps while also making use of the length and width of the streets. The performances sometimes even enveloped the public square just beyond the church steps. Since there was little space in these areas to provide a backdrop for scenery the people created “mansions” or wooden stages on which to create the play. Eventually these stages would evolve into movable wagons as the troupes playing on them began to take their shows throughout the towns and play to different audiences.
Description.
Very little is known of the specifics of the construction of the pageant wagon. Currently there are no clear descriptions of a pageant wagon to survive from the time when they were used avidly. However we do have a few speculations on the construction of English wagons, but they are from a much later time than when pageant wagons would have been used.
One such description comes from a late sixteenth / early seventeenth century manuscript entitled "A Breviarye or Some Few Recollections of the City of Chester" by David Rogers. It states that the pageant wagons were wooden structures with two rooms. They contained both a higher room where the play was performed and a lower room where the players changed clothing. The whole structure was mounted on six wheels. The entire structure would be 15 feet tall with the playing space being 9 feet above the street.
This follows along with a description from the memory of an Archdeacon Robert Rogers who, in 1595, is quoted as saying
""..pagiants weare a high scafolde with two rowmes, a higher and a lower, upon four wheeles. In the lower they apparelled them selves, and in the higher rowme they played, beinge all open on the tope, that all behoulders mighte heare and see them."" 
It should be noted however that this description comes at a time when pageant wagons were seldom used anymore and is subject to reinterpretation by the author. 
In opposition to these descriptions, Glynne Wickham argues in "The Early English Stages," that the wagon was only a one level structure taken up entirely by off stage space used for a dressing room. This would provide the backdrop for the performance as well. The acting would then take place on a scaffold alongside the cart or on the street. 
This description would testify towards how cumbersome it would’ve been for a multi-level cart to travel throughout the towns on such unwieldy streets. A cart closer to the ground would be significantly easier to manage yet might not have offered such a vantage point as a two story structure.
A Norwich Inventory from 1565 describes one such wagon as "a house of wainscot painted and built on a cart with four wheels. A square top set over the house."
It also should be of note that in the majority of Europe, fixed stages were more common than wagons, and the sites of the fixed stages varied from place to place. In Rome the ancient amphitheatres were used, and in places like Mons, France and Frankfurt-am-Main in Germany, town squares were the primary auditorium.
Pageant wagons in practice.
When a processional cycle play came to town the whole city was used as a massive auditorium as the wagons were moved through the main streets of the city. The wagons would stop at key locations where the scene of each wagon would then begin. For instance the starting wagon would take up a position before the mayor’s house and perform the first scene. When the scene ended, the wagon would move on the next appointed spot and repeat the performance. Meanwhile, all along the predetermined route other wagons with their many varied scenes would follow in procession, each playing over and over its part in the slowly unfolding cycle. It was a chain theatre. It is said that the bigger wagons can be likened the elaborate floats in the New Orleans Mardi Gras Parade.
When in the country, the wagons were lined up in stationary ranks and the audience moved from one to another to follow the cycle. The performers did not limit themselves to the small playing space of the wagon settings but spread out freely onto the surrounding ground.
Each wagon contained a setting and carried the actors to different scenes. As the actors moved, the members of the audience moved with them. In some cases simultaneous action occurred on a number of levels of wagon platforms. This offered the spectators a spectacle quite like that of a modern day three-ring circus. If a town had a large enough field nearby the wagons were sometimes set all in one spot as to minimize movement. No mode of theatre in the history of drama has ever occupied more territory. 
The Archdeacon Roberts is also quoted in the movement of the carts throughout the towns;
""They begane first at the abay gates, and when the firste paginate was played it was wheeled to the highe crosse before the mayor, and so to every streete; and soe every streete had a pagiant playinge before them at one time, till all the pagiantes for the daye appointed weare played: and when one pagiant was neere ended, worde was broughte from streete to streete, and soe they mighte come in place thereof excedinge orderlye, and all the streetes have theire pagiantes afore them all at one time playeinge together; to se which playes was greate resorte, and also scafoldes and stages made in the streetes in those places where they determined to playe thire pagiantes."" 
As the productions regarding these plays grew towns all over Europe began to adapt and create productions of their own. The Europeans thoroughly enjoyed the elaborate spectacle and each year they outdid themselves in the creation of such productions. It reached such a point that entire towns were in on the creation of these dramas and specific guilds were created to devote themselves to the undertaking of the pageant construction. If performed today, this spectacle would tax the resources of any large country town. It would deplete most of the stock of a local lumber yard, hardware store and dry goods outlet. It would also require all the available blacksmiths and carpenters to devote an entire month to the creation of the carts.

</doc>
<doc id="31221576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221576" title="Perissery">
Perissery

Perissery is a village situated west of Chengannur Railway Station in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India. The village contains the Pazhayattil Devi Temple and others such as Sreenarayanapuram Thrikkayil Kshetra, Pazhayar Sree Dharma Sastha Kshetra, Peroorkulangara Sree Subramanya Swami Kshetra and Someswaram Siva temple are located in this village. St. Mary's church is located in Perissery east. Pandavan Para, a cave where the Pandavas in the Mahabarata epic were supposed to have lived is very near this village.The old Syrian church, built in 65 AD, is located here.a higher secondary school and high school is situated in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="31221590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221590" title="Beloyarsky (inhabited locality)">
Beloyarsky (inhabited locality)

Beloyarsky (; masculine), Beloyarskaya (; feminine), or Beloyarskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31221603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221603" title="Walter E. Carter Jr.">
Walter E. Carter Jr.

Rear Admiral Walter E. “Ted” Carter Jr. is a Naval Flight Officer who serves as the 54th President of the U.S. Naval War College. RADM Carter has been selected for appointment as Superintendent, United States Naval Academy.
Biography.
Rear Admiral Walter E. “Ted” Carter, Jr., became the 54th President of the U.S. Naval War College on 2 July 2013. A native of Burrillville, Rhode Island, he graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1981, was designated a Naval Flight Officer in 1982, and graduated from the Navy Fighter Weapons School (Top Gun) in 1985.
His career as an aviator includes sea assignments in Fighter Squadron VF-161 on board USS "Midway", in VF-2 “Freelancers” on board USS "Independence" and in Carrier Air Wing Five (CVW 5). He commanded the VF-14 “Tophatters,” and served as Executive Officer of USS "Harry S. Truman", culminating in command of USS "Camden" and USS "Carl Vinson". His subsequent Fleet-command assignment was Commander of the Enterprise Carrier Strike Group (CSG-12).
Shore assignments include instructor duty in VF-124 “Gunslingers”; Chief of Staff for Fighter Wing Pacific; Executive Assistant to the Deputy Commander, U.S. Central Command; Chief of Staff for Joint Warfighting Center, U.S. Joint Forces Command; and Commander, Joint Enabling Capabilities Command where he also served as lead for the Transition Planning Team during the disestablishment of U.S. Joint Forces Command. He was most recently charged with leading Task Force RESILIENT as Director, 21st Century Sailor Office (N17). 
Carter is the recipient of various personal awards, including the Defense Superior Service Medal (two awards), Legion of Merit (three awards), Distinguished Flying Cross with Combat V, Bronze Star, Air Medal (two with Combat V and five strike/flight), and Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal (two with Combat V). He was awarded the Vice Admiral James Bond Stockdale Award for Inspirational Leadership and the U.S. Navy League’s John Paul Jones Award for Inspirational Leadership. Carter was also appointed an Honorary Master Chief by the Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy. 
He accumulated 6,150 flight hours in F-4, F-14, and F-18 aircraft during his career and safely accompanied pilots on 2,016 carrier-arrested landings, the record among all active and retired U.S. Naval Aviation designators. He also flew 125 combat missions in support of joint operations in three different theaters of operation.

</doc>
<doc id="31221615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221615" title="Mundankavu">
Mundankavu

Mundankavu is a village situated from Chengannur in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India. It lies on the banks of the river Pampa. Historically, the "Vanjipuzha Principality" Palace was located here before it was destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="31221679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221679" title="Debra Zane">
Debra Zane

Debra Zane is an award-winning casting director, based in Los Angeles, California, known for her work in film and television. Zane has worked with some of the most successful directors in the world such as Steven Spielberg, Ridley Scott, and Steven Soderbergh.
She has been nominated for fourteen Artios Awards, and has won three. In 2004, she won the Hollywood Film Festival award for "Best Casting Director of the Year." 
Awards and nominations.
Artios awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31221681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221681" title="Blackstone Apartments">
Blackstone Apartments

The Blackstone Apartments are located at 222 Summit Ave East in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA. The apartment complex was designed and owned by J.S. Long and built by the Long Building Company in 1927. The Long Building Company was known for designing and building many of the Bungalow-style homes, particularly in the First Hill neighborhood of Seattle, WA under the guidance Stanley Long. The building consists of 26 units with a mixture 2, 3, 4 and 6 room suites; it has a brick exterior with a great deal of mahogany woodwork in the interiors, built-ins throughout the units, and was originally built with Monarch electric stoves and Frigidaires. The complex was “regarded as one of the most modern units of its kind in the city” when it was completed.
History.
The Area.
In the early 20th century, Capitol Hill was one of the wealthier areas of Seattle, and has since transformed into a hip, urban area for young professionals; it is known as the gay village in Seattle. The Blackstone Apartments are one of the few pre-World War II complexes remaining in Capitol Hill; the post-WWII apartments differed greatly in this area. These newer complexes looked consistent, but with their large windows and courtyards, privacy was lost; they no longer reflected the luxurious apartments which Capitol Hill had once been known for. The Blackstone however, which too had large windows, raised the first floor up so that passersby could not look into the private domesticity intended to occur inside the units.
1920s Seattle Architecture.
The 1920s in Seattle saw a change in the style of popular architecture. Inspired by the newness of the country, Seattle architects expressed freedom in their architectural expression. By this time people’s interest in the Arts and Crafts Movement, seen in the popular residential bungalow designs on the early 20th century, was beginning to decline. Design now turned to an eclectic-historic combination, particularly of the Classical Revival and English Revival styles. The Blackstone particularly reflects this turn, combining Classical design elements with modern technology.
The Vernacular.
The early 20th century became a difficult time to identify architecture; no longer could a building be designated as vernacular architecture (folk culture) or as elite architecture (designed by an architect), but rather something in the middle. To contribute to the confusion of identification, most commercial, industrial, and residential buildings in Seattle at this time were not designed by architects, but rather by builders. Because of this, these buildings are often considered to be the best representations of a new kind of architecture in Seattle: popular - vernacular - high-style. The Blackstone Apartments, a residential building, designed by a builder, and built for the middle to upper class, is a great example of this popular – vernacular – high-style architecture of the pre-WWII era in Seattle.
Stock Market Crash.
Immediately after the Wall Street Crash of 1929, some people believed that real estate would be a safer way to invest their money and many people began to purchase apartment complexes; real estate saw a peak this year in prices, before falling as the Great Depression took hold of the country. These investments were particularly popular the weeks preceding the crash in Seattle; only a few weeks after the crash, the Blackstone Apartments became “the largest deal of the kind,” selling for $140,000 to John J. Freeley for Mrs. Ada Parfitt. The next closest apartment sale in the Seattle area was for the Rosemont Apartments for $56,000.
Architect/Owner.
Not much is known about architect and original owner J.S. Long. He was a designer for the Long Building Company, particularly of their Arts and Crafts Movement style bungalows, some of which were featured in "The Craftsman" magazine. The Sears Catalog Home "The Ashmore," available between 1916 and 1922, is believed to have been based on one of J.S. Long and the Long Building Company's Seattle bungalow designs.
J. S. is Stanley Long, as Stanley's obituary on the HistoryLink article regarding him reads "he leaves wife Blanche". The 1923 Seattle directory shows that J. S. is married to Blanche. There is no listing for a Stanley, and only J. S. is listed as owner in directories.

</doc>
<doc id="31221687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221687" title="Pennukkara">
Pennukkara

Pennukkara is a small village situated from Chengannur in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India. Pennukkara is noted for its lagoons, pond and the Poomala Chal lake.

</doc>
<doc id="31221697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221697" title="2007–08 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season">
2007–08 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season

The 2007–08 season is the 111th season of competitive football by Heart of Midlothian. It is the 10th consecutive season of play in the Scottish Premier League in which Hearts have competed since its inauguration in 1998–99. Hearts will also compete in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup.
Matches.
Pre season.
For the second consecutive pre-season Hearts visited Austria, although on this occasion the side also played four tour matches in Germany. Only one pre-season match was played in Edinburgh, a "glamour friendly" against FC Barcelona at Murrayfield Stadium, which attracted Hearts' largest ever attendance for a "home" match.
Transfers & loans.
Several Lithuanian players left the club during the close-season, while two more Audrius Ksanavičius and Ričardas Beniušis arrived on loan from FBK Kaunas. Other summer signings included Rubén Palazuelos from Gimnástica de Torrelavega and Michael Stewart, who returned to the club after two seasons with rivals Hibernian. Scottish international goalkeeper Craig Gordon moved to Sunderland for £9 million in early August. This fee meant that Gordon was the most expensive Hearts and Scottish player ever, and the most expensive goalkeeper in British football history.
Managers.
Just prior to the season's commencement Anatoly Korobochka and Stephen Frail were confirmed as the club's permanent coaching team.
After several other discouraging results, the Scottish media began to scrutinise 
why the team was not matching supporters expectations, with one particular area of interest being the coaching structure. As neither Korobochka or Bulgarian assistant coach Angel Chervenkov spoke fluent English, a translator was required to aid management and team communication, a situation Frail admitted was "frustrating" and "not ideal" after a 1–1 draw with Gretna.
Stephen Frail was appointed manager on 31 December following a difficult start to the season, although it was not made clear at the time that Frail would be manager until the end of the season.
On 22 May 2008 reports came out that caretaker manager Stephen Frail was on his way out of Tynecastle as he was not part of the new managerial structure at Hearts.
Season.
Hearts began the season in a disappointing manner being defeated 1 -0 in the Edinburgh Derby with Hibernian.
On 31 December 2007, Romanov announced that, following five successive defeats which saw the club fall to 10th (third bottom) place in the league, the club would be looking to appoint a 'British-style' manager who would have complete control over team affairs. Since then, Stephen Frail has been the caretaker manager, although it was not made clear at the time that Frail would be manager until the end of the season.
Hearts were defeated 1–0 in the 4th round replay of the Scottish Cup by Motherwell after a 2–2 draw on 21 January 2008. Rangers defeated them 2–0 in the semi-final of the CIS Cup on 30 January at Hampden Park. Hearts then sold their top scorer, Andrius Velička, to Norwegian side Viking Stavanger on 26 February 2008. A 0–0 draw with Kilmarnock on 5 April 2008 meant that Hearts failed to make the "Top Six" of the SPL, for the first time since the split league format was introduced in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31221702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221702" title="Victoria Affair">
Victoria Affair

The Victoria Affair (code name Operation Iron Law) was a military operation conducted by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) in March 2011 in which the Israeli Navy intercepted the German-owned, Liberian-flagged vessel "Victoria" on the high seas, and discovered concealed weapons which, according to the IDF, were destined for Palestinian militant organizations in the Gaza Strip. The vessel was found to be carrying approximately 50 tons of weapons, including C-704 anti-ship missiles, rocket launchers, radar systems, mortar shells and rifle ammunition.
Background.
Israel maintains a naval blockade of the Gaza Strip, to prevent the smuggling of arms into the hands of militant organizations based there. In 2003, Israeli commandos intercepted the Karine A in the Red Sea, and seized 50 tons of missiles, mortars, rifles and ammunition which it said were destined for Gaza. In 2009, the Israeli navy intercepted the Iranian vessel MV Francop off the coast of Cyprus, carrying hundreds of tons of weapons. Iran is Hamas's main arms provider, smuggling weapons overland through Sudan and Sinai in addition to using the sea route.
Operation.
Israeli commanders were acting on intelligence reports indicating that 39 of the 100 containers on deck were loaded with Iranian weapons while at port in Syria, and were to be transferred to Hamas. The "Victoria" was seized about 200 nautical miles from the Israeli coast, while on its way from Turkey to El-Arish port in Egypt (other sources give the destination as Alexandria, Egypt). According to the IDF, the ship picked up the cargo in the Port of Latakia in Syria and sailed to Mersin, Turkey. The ship was intercepted by Israeli Navy missile ships, which radioed the captain and questioned him about his point of origin and planned destination, then informed him that his ship was suspected of carrying illegal cargo, and requested permission to board for an inspection. The captain agreed, and ordered the vessel stopped. Several minutes later, speedboats carrying commandos from Israel’s elite naval unit, Shayetet 13, pulled alongside the ship. A ladder was dropped for them to climb aboard. The commandos boarded with their weapons at the ready out of concern that there could be Iranian or Hamas operatives on board. The commandos ordered the crew to assemble on the bridge, and then began inspecting the cargo. The IDF said the ship's crew was unaware it was carrying concealed weapons. The ship was redirected to the Port of Ashdod for further inspection. After the contraband was unloaded, Israel announced it would release the "Victoria" and allow it to continue its journey to the Egyptian port of Alexandria.
According to the IDF’s Deputy Navy Commander Rear Admiral Rani Ben-Yehuda, the weapons may have been transported from Iran to Syria several weeks earlier, when two Iranian warships sailed through the Suez Canal.
The shipment.
Concealed in three containers hidden beneath cotton bags and lentils produced in Syria were the following weapon systems:
According to the IDF, the weapons were accompanied by user manuals in Persian. The packing slip for the 60mm mortar also included a range table for use with a model AZ111-A2 impact fuse, made exclusively by Iran. In an attempt to mislead would-be inspectors, "Made in Britain" labels were attached to all of the crates.
The C-704 missile has a range of 35 kilometers, and a 130 kilogram explosive warhead capable of sinking a 1,000-ton ship. According to "The Jerusalem Post", had the six missiles the ship was carrying arrived in the Gaza Strip, they "would have forced the navy to change the way it operates. It now operates just a few kilometers from shore; this would no longer be possible".

</doc>
<doc id="31221703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221703" title="2000 Milan – San Remo">
2000 Milan – San Remo

The 2000 Milan – San Remo was the 91st edition of the monument classic Milan – San Remo bicycle race and was won by Erik Zabel of Team Telekom. The race was run on March 18, 2000 and the were covered in 7 hours, 11 minutes and 29 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="31221706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221706" title="Camp Morton, Svalbard">
Camp Morton, Svalbard

Camp Morton (also known as Camp Douglas) was a coal mining encampment on Svalbard island in Norway (the island was then known as Spitsbergen). It was located on the northern shores of Van Mijenfjorden, near the sea entrance. It was part of an effort by British investors and entrepreneurs to extract resources from Spitsbergen, at that time open to various nations' claims for development.
Located above the Arctic Circle, the camp was set up in the early 20th century by Ernest Mansfield, a prospector staking claims on behalf of a British investment company set up to mine for resources on the island. A major backer of the Spitzbergen Mining and Exploration Syndicate (SMES) was Sholto Douglas, 19th Earl of Morton, and the camp was named for him. The company in 1910 was renamed as Northern Exploration Company Ltd (NEC). The coal mine operated from 1906 into the mid-1920s. About half of the huts owned by NEC remain; the major building, now called Camp Morton, has been restored by the Norwegian government.
History.
In the early 20th century, Spitsbergen, in the archipelago now known as Svalbard, became a site for resource extraction and development north of the coast of Norway, then under Danish rule. Several nations had staked opposing claims there in the late 19th century, including the Dutch, Danish and British. Investors set up companies to develop the resources there, always with the hopes of a rich strike of gold, as had occurred with the Klondike Gold Rush in Yukon, Canada in the late 1890s. One of the British companies was Spitzbergen Coal and Mineral Ltd of London, one of whose major investors was Sholto Douglas, 19th Earl of Morton. It evolved into the Spitzbergen Mining and Exploration Syndicate (SMES) in 1905. The company in 1910 was renamed as Northern Exploration Company Ltd (NEC).
Ernest Mansfield, a British prospector and entrepreneur who was a "pioneer of the 'Klondike period' in Svalbard," was active on behalf of the British NEC in Spitsbergen, laying claim to land especially on the west coast of the island. (The claims are in the names of major investors.) He built camps to try to mark and protect the land claims, hiring trappers to look after them during the winter months.
In 1901 Ivar Stenehjem, a merchant, got funding for a couple of expeditions to Spitsbergen with the help of ship-owner Christian Michelsen from Bergen. In 1905 Michelsen became Norway’s first prime minister. Stenehjem built a large timber building at Camp Morton called Michelsenhuset in his honor.
The NEC coal mine at Camp Morton opened in 1906 and operated until 1920. Numerous camp buildings were constructed with funding from the Northern Exploration Company Ltd. Some were named after investors and their family members, such as Camp Mansfield and Camp Zoe (after Mansfield’s daughter). Camp Morton was named after Sholto Douglas, the Earl of Morton.
The coal mining was never as profitable as investors had hoped, and operations had ended by the mid-1920s. Mining of other resources was also difficult. In 1932 the investors sold the Northern Exploration Company to the Norwegian government; its total property included 58 huts. Twenty-seven have survived, and the largest is Michelsenhuset, now known as Camp Morton. It has been restored by the government and is the largest structure at the site. A nearby hut, known as Clara Ville, is available for use by the Longyearbyen snowmobile club. The site also has some remains of mining equipment and the tracks of the mine railway.

</doc>
<doc id="31221710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221710" title="Poomala Chaal">
Poomala Chaal

Poomala Chaal is a small village situated about from Chengannur in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India. Poomala Chaal is noted for its natural lotus lake and Malayil Palli (an ancient church founded by St. Gregorios of Parumala). 

</doc>
<doc id="31221712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221712" title="Bradley Grobler">
Bradley Grobler

Bradley Allan Grobler (born 25 January 1988) is a South African footballer who plays as a striker for Premier Soccer League club SuperSport United and the South Africa national team.
Club career.
Grobler attended Benoni High School and plied his trade as a junior at both Boksburg FC and BK Callies just outside Johannesburg. Bradley started his professional football career at Platinum Stars. After a four-year stint at Stars, he moved to Turkish second division side Göztepe A.Ş. on 26 August 2011. He was then Göztepe's most expensive signing ever.
On 26 June 2012, Grobler joined Premier Soccer League side Ajax Cape Town on a four-year deal.
International career.
Grobler scored on his international debut against Zimbabwe on 15 November 2011.
Personal.
Born in Sandton, Grobler is the son of former Moroka Swallows player Les Grobler.

</doc>
<doc id="31221725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221725" title="Argalista">
Argalista

Argalista is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Colloniidae.
Distribution.
These marine species are endemic to New Zealand, except "Argalista kingensis", which occurs off Tasmania and "Argalista rosea," which occurs off Victoria, Australia.
Species.
Species within the genus "Argalista" include:

</doc>
<doc id="31221756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221756" title="The MicroDreams Foundation">
The MicroDreams Foundation

The MicroDreams Foundation is a US501-c3 non-profit organization founded by Gregory Casagrande in 2002 to help small, growing micro-enterprise development organizations reach financial self-sufficiency. Over the past 9 years, MicroDreams has significantly helped develop the SPBD Microfinance Network in the South Pacific (Samoa, Tonga and Fiji) and has helped to scale young emerging partner Microfinance institutions (MFI) in Bolivia, Ecuador and Peru. MicroDreams uses loans, loan guarantees and technical assistance to help provide meaningful economic opportunity to the poorest members of society.[http://www.microdreams.org/impact_model.html
Mission and vision.
MicroDreams’ primary goal is providing the world’s poor with economic opportunity to help them permanently escape poverty. The company provides financing to start up and tier 3 microfinance institutions that otherwise would not be able to receive funding. Most large microfinance investment vehicles and asset management firms avoid providing funding to these microfinance institutions as they are too small and too young to be a "safe" investment. MicroDreams fills this gap in the market.
History.
The MicroDreams Foundation, originally branded as South Pacific Business Development-USA, was founded in 2002 by Gregory F. Casagrande as a US 501-c3 non-profit organization. MicroDreams was created to help fund the start-up and the growth of South Pacific Business Development Foundation (Samoa).[http://www.microdreams.org/history.html] MicroDreams was able to expand its horizons once SPBD (Samoa) became financially sustainable with the help of several commercial entities to pay back start-up funding. Since its founding MicroDreams has delivered approximately US$2,000,000 of financing to young, well managed MEDO's (MicroEnterprise Development Organizations) in Bolivia, Ecuador, Peru, Tonga, and Fiji. MicroDreams continues to take on new partners around the world to seed the next generation of MEDO's to benefit the world’s poor.
Microenterprise development.
MicroDreams ensures that MFI partners provide loans for underprivileged people to start their own businesses and also provide the proper training and mentoring to guide these "micro-entrepreneurs" towards business success. The MFIs encourage their members to invest the proceeds of their loans for basic housing improvement and childhood education. They help to ensure the children of all members receive a proper education by providing financing to pay for school fees, school uniforms, and textbooks. The microenterprise development organizations also offer savings accounts and life insurance to its members.
Tsunami.
In 2009, the country of Samoa was hit by a tsunami. MicroDreams provided direct aid and operational leadership to hundreds of families devastated by the tsunami in co-operation with Mercy Corps and the United Nations Development Program. (UNDP) MicroDreams' work was highlighted in the Samoa Observer, the islands premier newspaper.
Funding partners.
MicroDreams works closely with CreSud Spa and Oikocredit to provide loans and loan guarantees to its field partners in Latin America.
In addition, the Mulago Foundation provides MicroDreams with funding to provide this type of financing.
Publicity.
The MicroDreams Foundation's work has been spotlighted on television in Fiji and Samoa through its partner South Pacific Business Development (SPBD).
Its work has recently been published on MilkShake.
Statistics.
So far MicroDreams has:
a) Provided over US$180,000 of grants
b) Distributed over US$520,000 of loans
c) Made over US$685,000 of loan guarantees
d) Thereby mobilizing over US1,350,000 of loans to its MEDO partners

</doc>
<doc id="31221792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221792" title="Jeff Berry (baseball agent)">
Jeff Berry (baseball agent)

Jeff Berry is an American attorney and sports agent.
He is Co-Head of Baseball at CAA Sports. CAA Sports is a division of Creative Artists Agency, an entertainment and sports agency, and represents more than 650 of the world's best athletes in baseball, football, hockey, basketball, soccer, tennis, and golf, in addition to icons in individual sports, Olympians, coaches, broadcasters, and other sports personalities.
Background.
Berry was born in Owensboro, Kentucky. He attended the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, where he was a catcher on the baseball team. After graduating with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Berry signed with the Boston Red Sox, and spent one season as a catcher in their minor league system. Following his playing career, Berry was a Graduate Assistant Baseball Coach at Oklahoma City University, from 1995-1998. While at OCU, he earned his Juris Doctor from the University’s School of Law, graduating "cum laude" in May 1998. Berry is a member of the Oklahoma Bar Association and a certified player agent with the Major League Baseball Players Association.
Sports agent career.
Berry is a Co-Head of CAA Sports' Baseball division, along with Nez Balelo, Joe Urbon and Brodie Van Wagenen. CAA Baseball clients have participated in 52 All-Star games and won 13 Silver Slugger Awards, 12 Gold Glove Trophy Awards, four Rookie of the Year Awards, three Cy Young Awards and three League MVP Trophies. CAA Sports represents 67 First-Round draft selections and has negotiated more $150 million in amateur draft signing bonuses.
Since Opening Day 2010, CAA has negotiated more than $2.1 billion in contracts, which is at least $215 million more than any other agency. That includes 13 deals of $50 million or more (Buster Posey, Ryan Braun, Matt Cain, Ryan Zimmerman, Adam Jones, Andre Ethier, John Danks, Mark Buehrle, Roy Halladay, Ryan Howard, Robinson Cano, Jason Bay and Matt Garza.)
Former major-league general manager Jim Bowden, writing for ESPN.com, described Berry as "an attorney who has a direct and no-nonsense negotiating style and vehemently fights for his clients. He is hard-nosed, at times stubborn and prefers to stay in the box in terms of negotiations."
Since the end of the 2011 season, Berry has negotiated nearly a half-billion dollars' worth of contracts: Posey's nine-year, $167 million contract with the Giants, the longest contract ever for a catcher and richest ever for a player with fewer than four years' service time; Cain's six-year, $127.5 million deal with the San Francisco Giants, which set a record for a right-handed pitcher; John Danks' five-year, $65 million contract with the Chicago White Sox; Buehrle's four-year, $58 million free-agent deal with the Miami Marlins.; Jake Peavy's $29 million extension with the White Sox; and Joe Blanton's $15 million contract with the Los Angeles Angels.
Berry also represents All-Star Corey Hart (Seattle Mariners). Berry played a critical role in the blockbuster trade and subsequent contract extension for Roy Halladay when Halladay was traded from the Toronto Blue Jays to the Philadelphia Phillies in December 2009.
Berry has been active in MLB contract arbitration, including presenting and winning an arbitration case for Hart against the Milwaukee Brewers in 2010. Hart later signed a three-year contract.
Since 1999, Berry has been advising families through the MLB amateur draft process, personally working with 20 first-round selections, including two in 2013 as CAA led all agencies by advising six first-round picks. In 2008, Berry negotiated the largest signing bonus in baseball draft history, Posey’s $6.2 million deal with San Francisco. Berry has negotiated other precedent-setting draft deals: for Wil Myers of the Kansas City Royals ($2 million, a third-round record), A.J. Cole of the Washington Nationals ($2 million, a fourth-round record) and Dillon Maples of the Chicago Cubs ($2.5 million, a record for anyone picked after the third round).
In 2012, Berry and CAA worked with Posey to create and launch the popular iPhone flick baseball game Buster Bash, making Posey the first MLB player with a self-branded mobile app. Berry has also lobbied Major League Baseball and the players’ union for potential rule changes regarding home-plate collisions following Posey’s season-ending injury in May 2011.
Personal.
Berry and his wife Sarah have three young children, two sons and a daughter. In September 2011, Berry returned to Oklahoma City University Law School to speak to students about his career. Berry also lectured on player contract negotiations to the Marquette Law School class “Legal and Business Issues in Professional Baseball” in September 2011. In January 2012, Berry was the featured guest along with St. Louis Cardinals general manager John Mozeliak at a benefit dinner in Owensboro, Ky.

</doc>
<doc id="31221795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221795" title="List of colleges and schools in Chengannur">
List of colleges and schools in Chengannur

List of colleges and schools in Chengannur:

</doc>
<doc id="31221797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221797" title="OrthoCor">
OrthoCor

OrthoCor Medical, Inc. is a privately owned medical device company based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Founded in 2007, OrthoCor develops drug-free, noninvasive, mobile medical devices that alleviate pain and reduce edema.
History.
The founders of OrthoCor, John Dinusson and Kin-Joe Sham, initially worked to address the untapped market between analgesics and total knee replacement surgery. OrthoCor's product development team designed a drug-free, noninvasive technology platform called the OrthoCor Active Knee System to alleviate pain and reduce edema in the knee. In 2009, OrthoCor received Class III clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the Active Knee System. 
In June 2010, OrthoCor moved into the IDS Center in downtown Minneapolis.
Product.
Active Knee System - In August 2010, the company introduced the OrthoCor Active Knee System, a Class III medical device, following approval from the FDA. The OrthoCor Active Knee System is indicated for adjunctive use in the palliative treatment of post-operative pain and edema in superficial soft tissue.
The product uses a combination of electromagnetic therapy and heat, for temporary relief of minor muscular and joint aches and pains associated with over-exertion, strains, sprains, and arthritis. The patented technology behind OrthoCor’s Active Knee System is the combination of Pulsed Electromagnetic Field Therapy (PEMF) and heat therapies. The PEMF is activated when single-use OrthoPods are inserted into the device. The OrthoCor Active Knee was a featured product on The Dr. Oz Show.
Awards.
In 2012, OrthoCor was named the winner of the Minnesota Cup in the BioScience Division, a state-wide competition recognizing entrepreneurial excellence. In November of that same year, OrthoCor won the prestigious Tekne Award for Life Sciences (Small & Growing Company), given by the Minnesota High Tech Association (MHTA).
At the 9th Annual LifeScience Alley Expo event, OrthoCor was a winner of the New Technology Show Case sponsored by Boston Scientific. The Active Knee System was introduced as a cutting edge device among other health care technologies.

</doc>
<doc id="31221807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221807" title="Empire ISIS">
Empire ISIS

Empire ISIS (true name Miriam Moufide, also stage-named The Gangstress) is a singer, songwriter and social activist based in Montreal, Canada. Her musical style has been described as a blend of dancehall, reggae, hip hop, pop and World music. She is signed to Monumental Records and distributed by Universal Music Group.
Early life.
Born in Wales to a Moroccan father and British mother, she was raised in Morocco. At age 7 she moved to Montreal, where she lived with her 2 brothers, mother, and Ugandan/Yemeni stepfather.
At the age of 16, Moufide moved to Costa Rica for school and began a four-year trip around the world, living with small and marginalised communities. Her love for music and anthropology led her to visit and live in 30 different countries, and to eventually put her experiences to music.
Activism and Charity.
At 21 while in the Amazon rainforest attending the Bumba Meu Boi festival, she met members of the Rainbow Caravan for Peace and made the decision to join them as they visited indigenous villages and festivals. Drawing on her education in theatre, music and workshop facilitation she worked with them performing in street theatre and giving workshops on bioregionalism, permaculture, ecovillage design, nutrition and spiritual gatherings.
Her lyrics often focus on social matters like women’s rights (“NANA Power”), building community (“Participate”) and defending your dreams ("Get up on it", "Won't surrender").
The artist tries to use her international recognition to draw attention to issues that matter to her, by hosting and performing charitable events, especially in her home cities of Montreal and New York.
The song "S.O.S. To Freedom" is currently being used in a campaign against human trafficking across the United States.
You can also find her NANA Power song utilized in the Girls Action Foundation's, Light a Spark cause.
Musical career.
Moufide, having taken the stage name "Empire ISIS", began making music while traveling in Jamaica, working with the legendary Jamaican musicians Dean Fraser and Chinna Smith, as well as Miami-based producers The Iconz. She recorded her debut album “Empress Gangstress” in part at Bob Marley's legendary Tuff Gong Studios in Kingston. It featured reggae singers Bushman and Half Pint. Empire ISIS has played in over 20 different countries, including Brazil, Panama, Columbia, Venezuela, Senegal and Canada and the American festivals SXSW and CMJ.
On her more recent albums, Empire ISIS has worked and recorded with world-renowned producers like Prayon and Kovas.
As well as songwriting for Empire ISIS, she also writes under the name Miriam Moufide for other musicians and is published by Cherry Lane Music and pigFACTORY Music.
In June 2011, Empire ISIS was voted into the "Wall of Fame" at the Montreal Hip Hop Summit and is now featured in the Montreal deck of "Legend Of The Fame" hip hop trading cards.
Film and Television.
2007
2008-2009
Song Placements
Born to Dance
Bad Girls Club
09:11 Empire Isis - “Get Up On It”
29:28 Empire Isis - “False Friend”
09:25 Empire Isis - “Get Up On It”
23:02 Empire Isis - “False Friend”
08:36 Empire Isis - “Get Up On It”
24:51 Empire Isis - “Participate”
10:34 Empire Isis - “Get Up On It”
24:53 Empire Isis - “Four In The Morning”
0:00 Empire Isis - “Get Up On It”
28:27 Empire Isis - “Participate”
“Blackcloud” - 38:31 (:29) (BV)
“Throwing A Shade” - 0:45 (:13) (BI)
“Blackcloud” - 07:02 (:28) (BV)
“Build An Army” - 0:52 (:13) (BV)
“Rich Girl” - 21:57 (:38) (BI)
The Hills
Khloé & Lamar
Burn Notice
Robson Arms
Notes from the Underbelly
Awards.
Some awards and nominations Empire ISIS has received are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="31221852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221852" title="73rd Field Artillery Regiment">
73rd Field Artillery Regiment

The 73rd Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
History.
Based in West Germany 1963-75.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, a lightning flash in bend Or. 
The scarlet is for the Field Artillery, the gold lightning bolt is symbolic of the speed and power of the Armored Artillery. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 73d Armored Field Artillery Battalion on 17 March 1943. It was redesignated for the 73d Artillery Regiment on 5 December 1957. It was amended to include the description on 4 September 1959. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 73d Field Artillery Regiment.
Coat of arms.
Blazon.
Gules, a lightning flash in bend Or. 
On a wreath Or and Gules, issuing from a snowbank Proper behind a caltrop Azure, the dexter and sinister points each surmounting in base a caltrop counter bendwise of the first, two cubit arms grasping the halves of a spear broken chevronwise of the first. 
Motto
SPEED AND POWER ALWAYS. 
The scarlet is for the Field Artillery, the gold lightning bolt is symbolic of the speed and power of the Armored Artillery. 
Crest
The design of the crest alludes primarily to the 73d Artillery’s participation in the 1944 winter counter offensive of the Germans and is symbolized by the caltrops (a heraldic military device used to impede and delay the movements of the enemy). The two smaller caltrops allude to St. Vith and Echternock and the larger to Bastogne, the later being colored blue in reference to the Distinguished Unit Citation awarded the battalion for its role in the defense of Bastogne. The snow refers to the severe winter weather during the period the battalion made its heroic and historic stand against the German attack. This action blunted the German counter offensive and is symbolized by the two arms breaking a spear. Had it not been for this delaying action the Germans would have taken Bastogne before the 101st Airborne Division arrived to make its historic stand. 
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 73d Armored Field Artillery Battalion on 17 March 1943. It was redesignated for the 73d Artillery Regiment on 5 December 1957. It was amended to include the description of the shield on 4 September 1959. It was amended to include a crest and motto on 8 January 1965. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 73d Field Artillery Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="31221862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221862" title="El Airo (Loja)">
El Airo (Loja)

El Airo is a village located in the southern part of Ecuador’s Loja province known for growing some of the best coffee in Ecuador. It is in the northwestern part of the Espindola canton about 25 km from Amaluza, the 
canton’s capital.
History.
The village of El Airo’s name originates from the time of the "Patrones" or moneyed landowners, who named their hacienda El Airo due to the strong winds that existed in the area as well as its high elevation.
The highest parts of El Airo are near the presumed location of the Inca Trail through Southern Ecuador. This assumption along with the rudimentary stone tools and structure foundations that have been found in El Airo suggest that the first inhabitants of the area now known as El Airo were indigenous in origin.
For a large part of the 20th century El Airo existed as a hacienda with the majority of the mixed race population working the patrones' land in exchange for a small subsistence plot of their own. In the 1960s Ecuador enacted agricultural land reform which led to the majority population of El Airo gaining land and freedom from the authority of the patrón. It was at this time that the patrones left El Airo.
In 1988 led by the revered Father Ernesto Celi Roman, the leaders and inhabitants of the area began the political and legal process of converting the area into a recognized parish. This was seen as essential for the development of the area and culminated with the founding of El Airo on August 2, 1992. As part of this process a secondary school named Colegio Dos de Agosto was inaugurated on the same day as the parish was established.
Climate.
El Airo comprises four small neighborhoods or "barrios". La Guaca is the most populated and this is where the parish council is based. The other neighborhoods are El Tambo, El Laurel and El Batan.
The parish of El Airo is bordered by the Ecuadorian province of Zamora Chinchipe on the east and by other parishes with the canton of Espindonla on the north, west and south.
El Airo possesses a temperate climate with an average temperature of 21 °C. Within the parishes area the altitude is between 1600 and 3200 meters above sea level. Both the rivers El Airo and Chiriacu begin in the mountains of El Airo
Population.
The population of El Airo at the 2001 census was 1,093 inhabitants divided into 565 males and 528 women. The ethnicity of the residents is mestizo which is a mix of indigenous and Spanish ethnicities.
Religion.
The people of El Airo consider themselves to be Catholic and as such celebrate religious festivals such as the festival of the cross in May and a festival to the patron saint San Vicente Ferrer the first Saturday of June each year.
Art and culture.
The inhabitants of El Airo produce small handcrafted goods such as decorative pillows, handbags and doilies. Traditional satchels are also produced and can be either decorative or functional. These satchels range in size and be put on a donkey to carry heavy produce or over the shoulder for lighter loads.
Agriculture and economy.
El Airo’s economy centers on agriculture. The majority of families in El Airo dedicate themselves to the cultivation of coffee as a cash crop. This crop is the principal source of income for almost every family, is recognized as one of the best in Ecuador and is grown organically. Sugar cane, yucca, banana and a variety of fruits are also grown for sustenance. Most families also raise chickens, pigs and a few have cattle and cuyes (guinea pigs).
Because of coffee’s importance the inhabitants of El Airo have organized themselves into coffee cooperatives. These cooperatives exist to improve crop management and quality and negotiate better prices for members’ harvest. The organizations are: APROCAIRO which placed #2 in the Taza Dorada Ecuadorian coffee contest in 2009, and Mercedes de Jesús Molina.
Tourism.
El Airo is a destination for those interested in coffee, outdoor and cultural tourism through its community tourism association, CoffeeWorks. National Park Yacuri is within El Airo’s limits and as such several natural points of interest exist within the parish such as highland paramo lakes (Las Rositas) and several waterfalls. The most interesting of these is located at 2000 meters above sea level and is called El Palmo because of the solitary palm tree at the top of its fall. Some visitors come to El Airo to observe organic coffee agriculture as well.
Flora and fauna.
El Airo has several bird, butterfly and animal species. In the highlands area the spectacled bear has been spotted by locals.
Communication.
El Airo recently was connected to the Ecuadorian mobile phone network and for much longer has received radio and television reception including some channels from Peru because of its proximity to the border.
Transport.
Transport within El Airo is mostly by foot, donkey or motorcycle. Transport in and out of El Airo is provided by one bus a day as well as two rancheras (open air bus/truck combos)

</doc>
<doc id="31221908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221908" title="Fist, Stick, Knife, Gun">
Fist, Stick, Knife, Gun

Fist Stick Knife Gun: A Personal History of Violence is a memoir by Geoffrey Canada, an American social activist who is the current president and chief executive officer of Harlem Children's Zone. Beacon Press published the book on January 31, 1995.
"Publishers Weekly" praised the book, commenting that "A more powerful depiction of the tragic life of urban children and a more compelling plea to end 'America's war against itself' cannot be imagined." In the mid-2000s (decade), Beacon Press began considering publishing an alternate graphic novel version. Illustrator Jamar Nicholas and editor Allison Trzop created Fist Stick Knife Gun: A Personal History of Violence (A True Story in Black and White), which was released in stores on September 14, 2010.
Book contents.
Canada recalls growing up in an inner city neighborhood of South Bronx in the 1950s and 1960s. He details the social expectations and culture that promoted violence among children such as himself and his brothers. He writes about how he and the other boys in the area had parents command them to counter violence and threats (real or perceived) in kind by fighting back. That parental mindset, argues Canada, is certainly well-intentioned but has devastating consequences for children. He also recalls his own familial issues being raised in fatherless poverty.
Canada writes, "many times children as young as six and seven would bring weapons to school, or pick up bottles, bricks, or whatever was at hand." He also says, "The first rules I learned on Union Avenue stayed with me for all of my youth. They were simple and straightforward. Don't cry. Don't act afraid. Don't tell your mother. Take it like a man. Don't let "no one" take your manhood" (emphasis in original).
Canada asserts that the culture of violence has been compounded in the decades since he grew up. He cites increases in recreational drug use and handgun usage. He specifically refers to the about 50,000 American children killed by guns between 1979 and 1991 to support his argument. Canada concludes that inner city neighborhoods must enact measures restricting handgun manufacture and possession as well as create safe haven areas for children.
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" praised the book, stating that "A more powerful depiction of the tragic life of urban children and a more compelling plea to end 'America's war against itself' cannot be imagined."
"The Los Angeles Times" published a mostly positive review by author and arts critic Jabari Asim. Asim wrote that "nterspersing his personal memoir with calls for policy reform gives Canada's book a patina of street-cred' that often compensates for his pedestrian language." He also remarked that "Canada is unlikely to convert naysayers to his cause... preaching to the choir seldom results in anything" while also praising Canada's "eloquence and admirable passion.
The literary magazine "San Francisco Book Review" praised the graphic novel version, stating:

</doc>
<doc id="31221913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221913" title="MiRGator">
MiRGator

MiRGator is a database for the functional annotation of miRNAs.

</doc>
<doc id="31221915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221915" title="TMS320C8x">
TMS320C8x

The TMS320C8x (C8x) is a family of multimedia video processor (MVP) chip that was introduced in 1994 by Texas Instruments. The family includes the TMS320C80 and a scaled down version, the TMS320C82. This is one of the first single-chip processors that integrated MPEG-1 encoding. The TMS320C80 includes four advanced integer digital signal processor and a RISC technology floating-point processor that is IEEE 754 compatible. The data transfer rate is up to 1.8 Gbit/s for instructions and 2.4 Gbit/s for data.
Applications of these multi-core processor chips include 3D graphics and image processing, digital compression and playback of audio and video feeds, encryption and decryption in real time, and telecommunications. An MVP chip could replace several different components due to integration of multiple processors. In 1997, Texas Instruments released a software emulator for the TMS320C8x.

</doc>
<doc id="31221922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221922" title="Air Afrique destinations">
Air Afrique destinations

Air Afrique came into being in as a joint venture between Air France, Union Aéromaritime de Transport (UAT), and eleven former French-speaking colonies in Western and Central Africa, namely Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Dahomey, Gabon, Ivory Coast, Mauritania, Niger, Senegal, and Upper Volta. Initially, the company inaugurated its services flying routes within that countries, and linking them as well. On , the carrier inaugurated its first intercontinental flights with Boeing 707s leased from Air France serving the Paris–Dakar–Abidjan and Paris–Douala–Brazzaville routes.
The airline ceased operations in 2002. Following is a list of destinations the airline served all through its history. All destinations shown are currently terminated. Each destination is provided with the country name, the name of the airport served, and both its International Air Transport Association (IATA) three-letter designator (IATA airport code) and its International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) four-letter designator (ICAO airport code). The list also includes the airports that served either as a hub or as a focus city for the carrier, as well as the destinations served at the time of closure.
References.
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31221934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221934" title="Heike Axmann">
Heike Axmann

Heike Axmann (born 4 December 1968) is a German handball player. She was part of the team that won the 1993 World Championship. From 2004 to 2007 she coached the Buxtehuder SV.

</doc>
<doc id="31221949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31221949" title="Yang Yun">
Yang Yun

Yang Yun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31222069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222069" title="Hana Beaman">
Hana Beaman

Hana Beaman is an American professional snowboarder who resides in Big Bear Lake, CA and Salt Lake City, UT. She has competed in snowboarding since 1988.
Career.
Since 2002, Beaman has consistently placed in the top 10 at international snowboard competitions such as the Winter X Games and Burton US Open and the Roxy Chicken Jam. She competes primarily in slopestyle events, where she has been working on adding 720's to her tricks. In 2003 Hana got her first snowmobile and began filming with fellow snowboarder Travis Rice in and around Jackson Hole. 
Since 2005 Hana has also turned her attention to backcountry snowboarding and filming, including Misschief Films, an all-girl film project and in 2011, a series of webisodes for Snowboarder Magazine.
The 2012 season was the first season Hana devoted entirely to filming and backcountry riding, not competing in a single competition. The time away from competitions has allowed her to focus her time in filming for the web series P.S...Webisodes.
In 2014 Hana Beaman plans to make a push for the Sochi Winter Games. 
Since 2007, Hana Beaman has been asked to be a Signature Session™ Pro at High Cascade Snowboard Camp each summer. As a Signature Session Pro, Hana coaches young snowboarders and gives back to the sport.
Competition Results.
Career Highlights 
2011 - 7th - Winter X Games 15 - Slopestyle - Aspen, CO 
2010 - 5th - Winter X Games - Slopestyle - Aspen, CO 
2007 - 2nd - Winter X Games - Slopestyle - Aspen, CO 
2007 - 3rd - Burton New Zealand Open - Slopestyle - Snowpark, New Zealand 
2007 - 2nd - Abominable Snowjam - Slopestyle - Mt. Hood, OR 
2007 - 1st - Nissan X-Trail Nippon Open - Slopestyle - Japan 
2006 - 1st - Burton New Zealand Open - Slopestyle - Snowpark, New Zealand 
2006 - 2nd - Winter X Games - Slopestyle - Aspen, CO 
2006 - 1st - Burton US Open - Slopestyle - Stratton, VT 
2004 - 3rd - Burton US Open - Slopestyle - Stratton, VT 
2003 - 1st - Burton US Open - Slopestyle - Stratton, VT

</doc>
<doc id="31222072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222072" title="Pardes Hanna bus bombing">
Pardes Hanna bus bombing

The Pardes Hanna bus bombing was a suicide bombing on November 29, 2001 on an Egged bus in northern Israel. The bus, en route from Nazareth to Tel Aviv, was traveling through the town of Pardes Hanna-Karkur. Three passengers were killed in the attack and 9 were injured.
Both Fatah and Palestinian Islamist militant organization Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.
The attack.
On the evening of Thursday, November 29, 2001, a Palestinian militant exploded himself on the back part of an Egged bus on its way from Nazareth to Tel Aviv. The explosion occurred near Pardes Hanna, after passing an Israel Defense Force training base. Three people were killed and 9 were wounded, one of them critically.
Both the Palestinian Islamic Jihad and Fatah's Al-Aqsa Brigades have claimed responsibility for the attack.
Sources suspect that the bomber, identified as Samer Abu Suleiman from the West Bank village of Silat al-Khartiya by sources in the Islamic Jihad group, infiltrated into Israel near the Arab city of Umm al-Fahm from the Jenin area.
In Jenin, about 3000 Palestinians marched and celebrated after the attack, according to witnesses. They chanted "Sharon, prepare the body bags" referring to then Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.

</doc>
<doc id="31222079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222079" title="Gregory F. Casagrande">
Gregory F. Casagrande

Gregory F. Casagrande is an American businessman and the founder of South Pacific Business Development Microfinance Network, the leading microfinance institution in
the Pacific Islands region. He is also the founder of MicroDreams, a microfinance acceleration fund working with emerging micro-finance institutions in Latin America, Africa and the Pacific and Transformative Ventures LLC, a Micro-finance advisory company.
Education.
Casagrande graduated from Wardlaw-Hartridge School in 1981. He received a Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Finance and Marketing from Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management, a MS in Accounting from New York University Stern School of Business as well as a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Economics with high distinction from Colgate University. Casagrande is also a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).
Career.
He recorded significant achievement with Ford Motor Company, Mazda Motor Company and Coopers & Lybrand in product development, manufacturing, marketing and financial management positions. He led teams in the United States, Japan and Europe. 
Casagrande serves as a director on the boards of the International Association of Microfinance Investors (of New York), Microfinance Pasifika (of Fiji) and Planet Finance (of Paris), and as a fund advisor to Plebys – a for-profit “Base of the Pyramyd” investment fund based in Irvine, California. He also served on the United Nations Board of Patrons for its International Year of Microcredit – 2005. Casagrande is a frequent speaker at conferences and universities around the world on the topics of poverty eradication, building inclusive financial sectors, building sustainable micro-enterprise development organizations, financing Microfinance institutions and social entrepreneurship.
Business ventures.
In addition to his micro-finance activities, Casagrande promotes hi-tech entrepreneurship. He is a founding director of the Ice Angels, Australasia’s largest angel investor group and serves as Chairman of three New Zealand software firms: Biomatters Ltd, Calcium Solutions Ltd and English-To-Go Ltd.
Accomplishments and awards.
Casagrande was awarded the International Year of Microcredit in 2005.
In 2010, Casagrande was awarded the Global Social Innovator Award.
Greg has been invited as a guest on several occasions for Fijian, Samoan and New Zealand television stations.

</doc>
<doc id="31222090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222090" title="One House Left Standing">
One House Left Standing

One House Left Standing is the first album by English singer-songwriter Claire Hamill, released in 1972.
Track listing.
All songs written by Claire Hamill and Mike Coles, except where noted.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Jo-Ann Greene awarded the album 4 stars and states "The entire set is carefully crafted, deftly arranged, and beautifully played, while Hamill shines throughout. The only complaint one can make is that she tries too much.".

</doc>
<doc id="31222142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222142" title="Ausserfern Railway">
Ausserfern Railway

The Ausserfern Railway is a cross-border railway line in the German state of Bavaria and the Austrian state of Tyrol. The single-tracked branch line starts from Kempten in Germany, before crossing into Austria just after passing through Pfronten. It then transits the Außerfern area around Reutte, before passing back into Germany in order to terminate at Garmisch-Partenkirchen. 
The line provides the only rail access to Reutte and the Außerfern, albeit one that requires any journey to or from the rest of Austria to pass through German territory. The line connects with the Mittenwald Railway and the Munich–Garmisch-Partenkirchen railway at Garmisch-Partenkirchen, with the former providing a link to the Tyrolean capital of Innsbruck. It connects with the Bavarian Allgäu Railway and the Iller Valley Railway at Kempten.
The line was built in stages, between 1895 and 1913. Although the Austrian section of the line is maintained by the Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB), all train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn (DB).
History.
The first plans for a mainline railway ("Fernbahn") from Kempten over the Fern Pass to Innsbruck surfaced in the second half of the 19th century. On 1 December 1895 the first section from Kempten to Pfronten-Ried was opened, followed in 1905 by its extension to Schönbichl. From Schönbichl there was a "Lokalbahn" branch line to Reutte.
A further extension of the line was discussed. There were three variants: Reutte–Ehrwald–Gaistal–Leutasch, Reutte–Fern Pass–Imst ("Fernbahn") or Reutte–Ehrwald–Garmisch. Because Garmisch already had a connexion to Munich at the time, a direct link from Munich to Innsbruck, and hence the development of the Außerfern region, suggested itself. The Mittenwald Railway from Garmisch to Innsbruck was opened in 1912 and the Garmisch–Reutte line on 29 May 1913. Both routes were electrified from the start.
Time and again there were discussions about building a line over the Fern Pass or to a junction with the line to Füssen only four kilometres away, but these plans were never realised.
At various times the closure of the line was also discussed, last time in 2001, when the catenary was in a poor condition. In 2003 DB Regio was tasked with operating passenger services through the state of Tyrol. The catenary was dismantled and operations switched to the use of diesel trains. Soon after the catenary was reinstalled. Today (2010) the line is worked hourly by electric multiples.
Operations.
Route.
The railway begins in Kempten in the rolling Alpine Foreland and crosses the border with Austria between Pfronten and Schönbichl. It continues through Reutte and the surrounding Außerfern area around Reutte before crossing back to Germany between Ehrwald and Griesen. Its longest tunnel is the 512 metre long Katzenberg Tunnel, which is also called the Klausen Tunnel (after the Ehrenberger Klause) or Kesselwang Tunnel, between Reutte and Heiterwang. Its maximum gradient is 37.5‰ or 3.75%.
Traffic.
Today the railway is important for school, commuter and holiday traffic, but also handles a considerable amount of goods for a cement works and a wood yard in Vils. These goods trains only use the section from Vils to Garmisch however.
The section between Kempten and Reutte is mainly worked by diesel multiple units of classes 628 and 642; between Reutte and Garmisch electric multiple units of classes 425 and 426 are employed. The operators for the entire route are Deutsche Bahn (DB) (on the Tyrolean section BahnCards, "Werdenfelstickets", "Bayerntickets" and "Schönes-Wochenende-Tickets" are valid), the maintenance of the infrastructure is the responsibility of the Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB).
Tourism.
The stops on the Ausserfern Railway between Garmisch-Partenkirchen and Reutte in Tyrol (Griesen, Ehrwald, Lermoos, Lähn, Bichlbach-Berwang, Heiterwang-Plansee, Pflach) are start points for mountain tours in the Ammergau Alps (Friederspitz and Frieder, Schellschlicht, Daniel, Hochschrutte, Plattberg, Säuling), in the Miemingen Mountains (Ehrwalder Sonnenspitze) and in the Lechtal Alps (Thaneller, Roter Stein, Pleisspitze).
On 28 January 2007 the Hausbergbahn halt at the valley station of the Hausberg Gondola Lift, which serves a ski area, was opened again on a seasonal basis for winter sport tourists. In the first quarter of 2007 and in the winter of 2007/2008 only special winter sport trains from Munich via Garmisch-Partenkirchen to the Hausbergbahn stopped at weekends. From 14 December 2008 to the end of the ski season at Hausberg on 19 April 2009 all passenger trains on the Ausserfern Railway called at the station, which is why the halt in Griesen was dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="31222155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222155" title="Sonny Pittaro Field">
Sonny Pittaro Field

Sonny Pittaro Field is a baseball venue located in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, USA. It is home to the Rider University Broncs college baseball team of the Division I Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. The facility has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
The field is named for former Rider baseball coach Sonny Pittaro. Pittaro coached the Broncs for 34 years, winning 9 conference titles and appearing in the NCAA tournament 8 times.
Pittaro Field features stadium seating, a press box, and an irrigation system.

</doc>
<doc id="31222168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222168" title="Bethany Home">
Bethany Home

Bethany Home (sometimes called Bethany House or Bethany Mother and Child Home) was a residential home in Dublin, Ireland mainly for women of the Protestant faith, who were convicted of petty theft, prostitution, infanticide, as well as women who were pregnant out of wedlock, and the children of these women. The home was run by evangelical Protestants, mainly (up to the 1960s) members of the Church of Ireland. It catered to "fallen women" and operated in Blackhall Place, Dublin (1921–34), and in Orwell Road, Rathgar (1934–72), until its closure. The home sent some children to Northern Ireland, England, and to the United States.
History.
It was founded in Blackhall Place in Dublin in 1921, and moved to Orwell Road, Rathgar in 1934, where it was based until it was closed in 1972. On opening the home in May 1922 the Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin, John Allen Fitzgerald Gregg, Bethany was declared "a door of hope for fallen women". The Dean of Christ Church Cathedral presided over the first evening meeting setting up the Home, and Church of Ireland Prison Mission to Women with Convictions charity was incorporated into the Bethany Home
Following the passage of the Registration of Maternity Homes Act, 1934, Bethany House became subject to inspection by the Department of Local Government and Public Health.
Former residents have claimed that as children they were victims of physical abuse and neglect while resident in the home, and that this accounted for the high mortality rate amongst children in the institution.
It is claimed that while the home was not run by the Church of Ireland, it was affiliated through clerical and lay members sitting on the home's managing committee, church fundraising and reference of unwed pregnant women to the home by clergy. In a letter dated 9 April 1945 from the Church of Ireland's then Archbishop of Dublin, Arthur William Barton, to Gerald Boland, then Minister for Justice, he described the home as "a suitable place for Protestant girls on remand". Bethany Home was already a place recognised by the courts as a place of detention.
Critical reports on nursed out Bethany children were compiled in January 1939 by inspectors in the Department of Local Government and Public Health. In August 1939, newspapers reported critical discussion at the Rathdown Board of Guardians on hospitalised Bethany children. The government's Deputy Chief Medical Adviser, Winslow Sterling Berry, visited the home on three occasions in 1939, once in February and twice in October. In February, Sterling Berry reversed an inspection report on a child said to have been in a "dying condition". He stated in October, "it is well recognised that a large number of illegitimate children are delicate and marasmic from their birth." Sterling Berry observed that the home's most objectionable feature was admittance of Roman Catholics into a proselytising institution. He successfully pressured Bethany Home's managing committee into ceasing the admission of Roman Catholics. The Residential Secretary, Hettie Walker, claimed in 1940 that the measure was only agreed to because of a threat of refusal of funding under new legislation.
The superintendent of the Church of Ireland's Irish Church Missions to the Roman Catholics, the Revd T.C. Hammond, was a member of the home's managing committee. In the 1950s Bethany Home facilitated the adoption of children by Protestant families in the United States, while some sent to Bernardo's in England may have been sent on to Australia.
During the 1960s children were transferred from the Bethany Home to the Protestant evangelical Westbank Orphanage in Greystones (which closed in 1998), from which few children were adopted.
Bethany Home closed in 1972. In 1974, its assets were distributed to two other Church of Ireland run institutions, 85% to the Church of Ireland, Magdalen Home (founded by Lady Arabella Denny) on Leeson Street and 15% to Miss Carr's Home, North Circular Road, Dublin. The records of the Bethany Home are held by PACT (the Protestant adoption service), along with records of other Church of Ireland social services.
Mount Jerome Graves.
More than 220 children died in Bethany Home between 1922–49 and 219 were buried in unmarked graves in Mount Jerome Cemetery, Harold's Cross, Dublin. In 2010, a memorial meeting was held in the cemetery to remember them, in attendance was some former residents and relatives of residents along with public figures such as independent Senator David Norris, Joe Costello, TD, and Labour Equality spokeswoman, Kathleen Lynch.
Bethany Survivors Group.
The Bethany Home Survivors Group campaigns for redress on behalf former residents. The group has called on the Church of Ireland to publicly support this demand and to acknowledge its role in the home. The group called on the Irish government and on the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse, to permit Bethany Home to be included in the state redress scheme, The group's call to be added to the State redress scheme for victims of child sexual abuse received political support. In May 2011 the survivors group met with the Church of Ireland's Archbishop of Dublin, the Most Revd Michael Jackson, as part of their campaign.
Former Bethany residents called for inclusion in an inquiry headed by Senator Martin McAleese, into the state's role in the Magdalene Laundries, as similarities were drawn between both institutions and the needs of survivors. Irish Education Minister Ruairi Quinn, subsequently announced in June 2011 a refusal to include Bethany Home in the McAleese inquiry. Justice for Magdalenes (JFM) then opposed Quinn's announcement and supported the call for the inclusion of the Bethany Home in the McAleese Inquiry.

</doc>
<doc id="31222171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222171" title="Rope Rescue">
Rope Rescue

Rope Rescue is a 2D physics-based rope puzzle game developed by Untame Games and published by Chillingo Games for iOS.

</doc>
<doc id="31222173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222173" title="300th Field Artillery Regiment">
300th Field Artillery Regiment

The 300 Field Artillery Regiment is an Field Artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Lineage.
Parent unit organized in the Wyoming National Guard during 1888 as the 1st Regiment, to consist of troop A. at Laramie and troop B. at Cheyenne.
Mustered into federal service 7–10 May 1898 at Cheyenne as the 1st Battalion, Wyoming Volunteer Infantry for service in the Philippine Islands.
Reorganized in late 1899 as the 2nd Regiment Infantry.
Redesignated in 1903 as the 3rd Regiment, Infantry
1st and 2nd Separate Battalions mustered into federal service 4 July 1916 at Cheyenne for Mexican Border duty.
1st and 2nd Separate battalions and Separate Company consolidated, reorganized and redesignated 23 June 1917 in the Wyoming National Guard, as the 3rd Regiment, Infantry.
Regiment broken up 19 September- 5 October 1917 an elements consolidated with
Reorganized and redesignated 19 May 1942 as the 115th Cavalry, Mechanized. 1st Squadron reorganized and redesignated 1 January 1944 as the 115th Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron, Mechanized.
Redesignated as the 300th Armored Field Artillery Battalion and allotted to the Wyoming National Guard 29 July 1946.
Ordered into active federal service 19 August 1950 at Sheridan. (300th Armored Field Artillery battalion NGUS organized and Federally recognized 1 October 1952 with headquarters at Sheridan)
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 5/32 inches (2.94 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, five fleurs-de-lis Or one, three, and one, on a chief embattled Azure fimbriated of the second a demi-sun issuant of the like. Attached below the shield a Gold scroll inscribed “POWDER RIVER” in Blue letters. 
The red shield and the five gold fleurs-de-lis are for Artillery service in France. The chief is blue for Infantry service in the Philippines. The gold sun recalls both the Far Eastern service and the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 41st Division. The parting line is yellow for the Cavalry assignment of the regiment, and the line is made embattled recalling the fighting record of the old organization. The motto has been the battle cry and catch word of the regiment from its earliest days and through three wars. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 115th Cavalry on 12 June 1924. It was redesignated for the 115th Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron, Mechanized on 12 July 1944. The insignia was redesignated for the 300th Armored Field Artillery Battalion on 7 February 1952. It was redesignated for the 49th Artillery Regiment on 5 April 1961. It was redesignated for the 49th Field Artillery Regiment on 19 June 1972. It was redesignated effective 1 October 1996, for the 300th Field Artillery Regiment. The insignia was amended to correct the authorization of the insignia on 4 November 2004.
Campaign streamers.
War with Spain
Philippine Insurrection
World War I
Korean War

</doc>
<doc id="31222193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222193" title="Claus Møller Jakobsen">
Claus Møller Jakobsen

Claus Møller Jakobsen (born September 24, 1976 in Ringkøbing, Denmark) is a Danish handballer playing in the Danish club Skjern Håndbold. Previously he played in the Spanish clubs BM Ciudad Real and Portland San Antonio. He won EHF Champions League with Ciudad Real in 2006.
He played his first national game September 23, 1998 and has scored 149 goals in 121 games.

</doc>
<doc id="31222205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222205" title="Co-ordinated organisations">
Co-ordinated organisations

The expression Co-ordinated Organisations refers to several international organisations that have a common system of remuneration and pensions, and who are members of the Co-ordination System. 
List of Co-ordinated Organisations.
There are currently six members of the Co-ordinated Organisations. On the 31 March 2010, the Western European Union was dissolved by the ten member countries and its competences were transferred to the European Union. EUMETSAT joined Co-ordination on 1st July 2012.
Role of Co-ordination.
The Co-ordinated Organisation system includes three different Committees: 
The three committees meet separately, as well as in bilateral and tripartite meetings.
The main role of the CCR is advisory and is to make recommendations on remuneration and pension-related matters to Councils of the Co-ordinated Organisations. Although all member countries of each organisation may participate in the Committee, many choose for different reasons not to do so. Representatives generally come from the respective governments' Finance, Interior or Foreign Ministries, or from national delegations to one of the Co-ordinated Organisations (see below).
The CRSG is composed of the Heads of Administration of the different organisations or of their representatives in charge of remuneration matters. The CRSG prepares proposals and documents on remuneration and pensions for discussion in tripartite, bilateral or individual meetings of the committees. 
The CRP includes staff of the different organisations and are represented at tripartite meetings with the CCR and the CRSG. The CRP has a consultative role.
The principle aim of the Co-ordination system is to provide recommendations on issues concerning salaries and allowances to the Governing bodies of the Co-ordinated Organisations, in order to remove separate detailed discussions on these issues from each of them, as well as from their budget committees. These recommendations concern particularly:
They also provide recommendations concerning the function, amount and the method of adjustment of the:
The Co-ordinated Organisations have technical support section based in Paris at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development: the International Service for Remunerations and Pensions (ISRP). 
The ISRP is responsible for the management and review of all matters pertaining to the remuneration of staff and the Pension Scheme common to the Co-ordinated Organisations. The Service is made up of four Units, whose functions revolve around four key activities:
There are also 25 non co-ordinated international organisations employing over 13 000 staff members which either apply the Co-ordinated scales, or follow them closely.
Linguistic rules of the Co-ordinated Organisations.
Source: "Rapport d'Information déposé par la délégation de l'Assemblée Nationale pour l'Union Européenne sur la diversité linguistique", of Michel Herbillon, member of the French National Assembly.
Other non-member institutions that observe similar rules.
Around 25 "non-coordinated" international organisations, employing a total of 9000 employees, follow the Co-ordinated scales or use them as a benchmark.

</doc>
<doc id="31222225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222225" title="Men (Charly McClain song)">
Men (Charly McClain song)

"Men" is a song written by Jerry Hayes and Ronny Scaife, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in 1980 as the third single from the album "Women Get Lonely". The song reached #7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31222239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222239" title="Paul François Quinsac">
Paul François Quinsac

Paul François Quinsac was born in Bordeaux on 2 March 1858.
Quinsac was a painter of the French School known as Academic art, a specialist in mythological and allegorical subjects, figures and landscapes. He studied with Jean-Léon Gérôme and later he became professor at the School of Fine Arts of Bordeaux ().
From 1880 he exhibited regularly to the Hall of the French Artists of which he became a member in 1887. He received an honourable mention during the exhibition of 1884, a medal of third class to the World Fair of 1889, as well as a travel grant. He was named Chevalier de la légion d’Honneur in 1903. He died in Bordeaux in May 1929, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="31222267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222267" title="Henrik Møllgaard">
Henrik Møllgaard

Henrik Møllgaard Jensen (born 2 January 1985) is a Danish handballer, playing in Skjern Håndbold. He has previously played in Aalborg Håndbold, KIF Kolding, Kongeå HK and Ribe HK. Per March 18, 2011 he has scored 34 goals in 22 national games.

</doc>
<doc id="31222279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222279" title="Sir Robert Alexander Osborne Dalyell of the Binns, 8th Baronet">
Sir Robert Alexander Osborne Dalyell of the Binns, 8th Baronet

Sir Robert Alexander Osborne Dalyell of the Binns, 8th Baronet (1821 – 1886) was a British diplomat, and one of the Dalyell baronets. In some sources, his middle name is spelled Osborn.
He received an M.A. in 1847 from Trinity College, Cambridge. He studied law at the Inner Temple and was called to the bar in 1849. He was a J.P. and D.L. of Linlithgowshire.
In his diplomatic career, he was acting consul-general in Bucharest 1856–7, and in Belgrade 1857–9. He was consul in Erzerum, Turkey 1859–62, in Iaşi, Romania 1862–1865, and in Ruse, Bulgaria 1865–74.
He died unmarried and the baronetcy became dormant until 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="31222282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222282" title="Optometry in Ghana">
Optometry in Ghana

Optometry is a relatively new field in eye care in Ghana.
History.
Optometry is a new field in the eye care system of Ghana. The Eye Secretariat of Ghana is the Ghana Ministry of Health agency concerned with eye care in the country. Ghana's first optometrist, Dr. Kofivi Monny, is regarded as a key contributor to the development of optometry there. Monny was trained in Nigeria, and returned to practice optometry after his training. He was the main brain behind the set up of the Department of Optometry in University of Cape Coast to offer the Doctor of Optometry program and was also a senior lecturer in the Department. He also served as a lecturer in KNUST when the program began. He is the father of Optometry in Ghana.
The first optometry school in Ghana started in the KNUST department of Physics in 1992. The first class had just five students and were instructed by Dr.Monny. It initially offered only postgraduate degrees, soon also offered bachelor's degrees. In 2004, just as the first batch of optometrist with the bachelor's degrees had graduated, they were enrolled for the two year Doctor of Optometry (O.D) program. In 2002, the University of Cape Coast also began a Doctor of Optometry program.
Training.
Over eighty percent of Ghanaian optometrists receive their training from the KNUST. In 2011, fifty-three and about sixteen students entered KNUST and UCC department of Optometry, respectively. Dr (Mrs) Angela O. Amedo, one of the first optometrists in Ghana, is the Head of Department for Optometry at KNUST. Today, there are about 200 optometrists in Ghana.
Newly qualified Optometrists.
Currently, the newly graduated optometrists are inducted into the Ghana Optometric Association so they can do their one year internship at any of the Ministry of Health Hospitals or accredited eye clinics throughout the country. After their internship, they are required to write their qualifying exam which upon passing will allow the Optometrist practice without supervision. For a place to qualify to house new Optometrist during their internship, there should be an Optometrist or Ophthalmologist working at the facility. Some of the places where new Optometrist work in Ghana are:
Ghana Optometric Association.
The Ghana Optometric Association (GOA) is the country's governing body for the optometry profession. Since 2009 all optometrists wanting to be members have had to write a professional exam. Passing this exam gives the optometrist the certification to practice in Ghana. As of March 2010, GOA had 139 members. Today the group has about 200 members. In 2010 the body and the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology's Faculty of Distance Learning rolled out a two-year programme to offer all members of GOA who did not have the Doctor of Optometry degree to enroll for it. The aim of the programme is to ensure that by the end of 2012 all optometrists in Ghana will have the O.D degree as is required under the Ministry of Health.
Executives.
Seven executives lead the GOA. It is headed by Dr Julius Darko as President of GOA.
Dr. Samuel Asiedu is the Secretary.
Activities.
The GOA has done a lot since its inception. Apart from regulating the activities of optometrists countrywide, it also looks out for the well being of its members in ways such as:
One of the major achievements of GOA was hosting the World Council of Optometry (WCO) General Delegates meeting in Accra from 6 to 10 April 2005. It was the first time the meeting was held in Africa.
The Ghana Optometric Association did so in collaboration with the Africa Council of Optometry with sponsorship from Essilor International. It was attended by about 200 delegates from the council.
Ministry of Health and Optometrists.
The Ministry of Health through its hospitals and health facilities is the main provider of eye care services in the country. Over the years it has taken various initiates to train Optometrist through the various Universities. It is its aim to ensure that there is at least one functioning eye unit in every district of the country. So far the number of facilities is woefully inadequate to serve the needs of those who need such services. The MOH is still doing its best to lift the practice of Optometry in Ghana. At the 2010 induction ceremony for new Optometrist it promised to help regulate the activities of Optometrist more The situation would have been far worse if the various eye care facilities of the Christian Health Association of Ghana (CHAG) were not functioning. Thirty-five percent of Ghana's health service provision is done by CHAG. As and when new district eye centre are created, an Optometrist is posted there to attend to the district's eye care needs. It must be stated that to date, the MOH is the biggest employer of Optometrist in the country and the MOH deems with all seriousness the role they play in helping the save the sight of Ghanaians.
Challenges.
Lack of eye care facilities as well as funds has greatly limited the work of optometrists in the country. These constraints force the Ghanaian optometrist to work really hard in order to satisfy the needs of his patients. However, because of the training received most optometrists are able to function once the basic instruments are available. Again, the lack of personnel has led to the rise in quacks who parade as eye doctors and treat all manner of eye conditions. This practice is currently going on and is a major problem in eye care delivery in the country. The continual use of herbal preparation by the populace is also worrisome, since many of these preparations have not be certified for use on the eye.
Service Delivery.
As the average Ghanaian becomes more enlightened concerning the eye and its conditions, Optometrists would be required to do more too for their patients. The major concerns that eye patients raise are:
With respect to the above most Optometrist the world over are adapting ICT to help the patient better. With respect to the long wait hours, various Electronic Medical Records EMRs are being used. These do away with paper and manual recording of patient data. As such the patient does not need to wait for his or her records before seeing the doctor. EMRs the world over have been shown to reduce doctor-patient interactions by up to three times. Ghanaian Optometrist are now turning to the use of EMRs to improve their daily work. Those who are using these EMRs bear witness to this fact and are continually advocating for the use of EMRs among their colleagues. One of the EMRs in use in Ghana is the Personal Digital Assistant for Eye Clinics (PDAEC).
Concerning patient education, various ICT tools are also being used. They include:
The Optometry Bill.
There is currently no law regulating the practice of optometry in Ghana. Around 20% of people claiming to be optometrists in Ghana either do not have training in the field or "go beyond their scope of operation". A draft Optometry Bill has been presented to the cabinet, but is yet to be passed. The bill would give the Ghana Optometric Association the authority to regulate the practice of optometry in Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="31222286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222286" title="St. Mang">
St. Mang

St. Mang is a traditional, regional form of the name of Saint Magnus of Füssen.
St. Mang is the name of the following churches and abbeys in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="31222291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222291" title="Morchella tomentosa">
Morchella tomentosa

Morchella tomentosa, commonly called the gray, fuzzy foot, or black foot morel, is a species of fungus in the Morchellaceae family. "M. tomentosa" is a fire-associated species described from western North America, formally described as new to science in 2008.
"Morchella tomentosa" is identified by its post-fire occurrence, fine hairs on the surface of young fruit bodies, and a thick, "double-walled" stem. It also has unique sclerotia-like underground parts. Color can range from black and "sooty" to gray, brown, yellow, or white, although color tends to progress from darker to lighter with age of the fruiting body. Three other wildfire-adapted morels were described from western North America in 2012: "M. capitata", "M. septimelata", and "M. sextelata". None of these three new species share the hairy surface texture of "M. tomentosa".
Phylogeny.
Based on studies of DNA, "M. tomentosa" is clearly a distinct species apart from the yellow morels ("M. esculenta" & ssp.) and black morels ("M. elata" & ssp.). Mushroom collectors also use the common name "gray morel" for "M. esculenta"-type morels in eastern North America.

</doc>
<doc id="31222298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222298" title="Therapy Sessions">
Therapy Sessions

Therapy Sessions is a franchise of drum and bass events created by Anger Management booking agency and UK based label Freak Recordings.
History.
The first Therapy Sessions event was held at the Herbal club in London in 2003, and has since expanded worldwide with shows in the United States, Romania, Belgium, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Spain, Germany, Austria, Netherlands, Portugal Mexico, Ecuador, and Argentina. Artist performances include Dylan, Robyn Chaos, Dieselboy, Limewax, SPL, Donny, Raiden, Evol Intent, Technical Itch, Cooh, DJ Hidden, Eye-D, Counterstrike, Zardonic, Current Value, Machine Code, The Panacea, Audio, Forbidden Society, and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="31222311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222311" title="Carl E. Moses">
Carl E. Moses

Carl Eugene Moses (July 16, 1929 – April 30, 2014) was an American businessman from Unalaska, Alaska who served in the Alaska House of Representatives from 1965 to 1973 as both a Republican and Democrat, and was elected again to the House in 1992 running on the Alaskan Independence Party ticket, later switched back to the Democrats, and served until 2007. Moses served a total of eleven full terms in the Alaska House, making him the longest-serving member in the history of that body. In the 2006 primary election, Moses was defeated for renomination by Bryce Edgmon, losing via a coin toss after the election results wound up in court and were later certified by the state of Alaska as ending in a tie vote.
Early life.
Carl Eugene Moses was born on July 16, 1929 in Santa Cruz, California, of mixed Aleut and German heritage. He moved to Pauloff Harbor, Alaska in 1933. He attended Edison Tech from 1954–57, and the University of Washington. He spent two years in the United States Army, and in 1960 moved to King Cove, Alaska. In 1966 he moved to Unalaska, and started a business called Carl's Commercial Co., eventually including a store, hotel and bar, of which he was owner and operator (in 1977 this was to become Carl's Inc., of which he remained president).
Political career.
Moses served on the King Cove City Council from 1963-64. In 1964 he was elected to the 12th Alaska House district as a Republican, defeating Democrat Niels P. Thomson 503 to 326 to replace Democratic incumbent Arthur J. Harris In 1966 he served a term on the Alaska Rural Housing Board, and was re-elected to the House over former Democratic State Representative Charles J. Franz, 461 to 357. In 1968 he again defeated Franz, 461-388. By 1970, alienated like other Alaska Republicans such as Wally Hickel by the Nixon administration, he had switched to the Democratic Party, and was re-elected without opposition. In 1972, after a redistricting, he was replaced by fellow Democratic incumbent Edward F. Naughton. In 1973, he was appointed to a seat on the Alaska Department of Fish and Game Board.
Return to the House.
In 1992, Moses was elected to the 40th House district on the Alaskan Independence Party ticket, defeating Democrat Dennis Robinson 1829 votes to 1600. He switched his party affiliation back to the Democratic Party on May 24, 1994 (at around the same time that incumbent Governor Wally Hickel, also elected on the AIP ticket, returned to the Republicans), and continued to serve in the House, winning races as a Democrat with 87% of the vote or more until the 2004 election, which he won with 2652 votes to 1527 for his Republican opponent.
Coin toss loss.
In the 2006 Democratic primary election for the House seat, Moses was tied with Bryce Edgmon at 767 votes each. There was a coin toss to determine the winner, and Moses lost. Moses ran a write-in campaign against Edgmon and Republican nominee Ron Bowers. Edgmon won, with 2020 votes to 950 for Moses and 812 for Bowers.
The Aleut Corporation.
Moses served from 1974-78 as President of The Aleut Corporation. In December 1978, a court ruled that Moses had orchestrated "inaccurate, false and misleading statements" during the April 1977 election for corporate directors, and ordered a new election. Moses eventually resigned his position as president, and was later sued by the Corporation for an alleged conspiracy involving unwise real estate purchases in a subdivision. In 2008 Moses began a new term on the Corporation's board of directors.
Death.
Carl Moses died April 30, 2014, in Sand Point, Alaska. He was 84.

</doc>
<doc id="31222327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222327" title="49th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)">
49th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)

The 49th Field Artillery Battalion was a field artillery battalion of the U.S. Army.
Lineage.
Constituted 1 October 1933 in the Regular Army as the 49th Field Artillery.
Inactivated 20 July 1947 at Seoul, Korea.
Relieved from the 7th Infantry Division and inactivated in Korea 1 July 1957
Current units.
Consolidated with 44th artillery
Coat of arms.
Per Chevron enhanced gules and argent, on the last a bear's head erased and incensed proper.
None
The scarlet is the Field Artillery, The silver of the shield in conjunction with the scarlet is indicative of the preparedness of the battalion night and day. The firing functions are allegorically illustrated by the incensed bear's head, being representative of the state of activation, California, taken from the crest of that state.
Campaign streamers.
World War I
World War II
Korean War

</doc>
<doc id="31222328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222328" title="Tõnu Puu">
Tõnu Puu

Tõnu Puu (born 25 September 1936 in Tallinn), is a Swedish economist of Estonian descent. He is the Professor of Economics at Umeå University.
Personal.
Tõnu Puu took refuge from Estonia to Sweden upon the Soviet invasion in 1944, with parents and one sister. From a previous marriage he has two children, Margareta Puu, principal statistician (GPS) at AstraZeneca, born 1974, and Magnus Puu, computer programmer, born 1981.
Education.
Puu studied at Uppsala University 1956-1964, and finished his PhD in Economics in 1964 with Professor Tord Palander as thesis adviser. The thesis was graded "A" (Laudatur), the highest on a six-step scale (a rare distinction, used only thrice in Economics at Swedish universities in the 20th century). The thesis was awarded the Erik Lindahl Prize.
Academic positions.
Puu worked as acting full professor of Economics at Uppsala University 1963-1970, and was appointed ordinary Professor of Economics by Royal patent at Umeå University in 1971. After emeritation in 2001, he works as senior professor at the Centre for Regional Science (CERUM). He had various commitments, such as being chairman of the Department of Economics, Business, and Law, chairman of the Board of the University Library, and vice president of the Union of Swedish University Professors. Puu is currently Fellow of the Regional Science Association International.
Editorial boards.
Puu was associated with the following scientific journals: Annals of Regional Science, Regional Science and Urban Economics, Journal of Regional Science, Networks and Spatial Theory, Chaos, Solitons & Fractals, Discrete Dynamics in Nature and Society, International Journal of Shape Modelling, Nonlinear Dynamics, Psychology, and Life Sciences, Mansoura Science Bulletin, a.o.
Other commitments.
Puu was Founder and Director 1987-2001 of the Nordic Baroque Music Festival, and received in that capacity the Prize for extraordinary promotion of culture, awarded by the county government. Other musical interests are playing the viola da gamba, and being a "luthier", making his own instruments.
Publications.
Puu has published over 20 books and 120 scholarly articles in economics, philosophy, and mathematics over the period 1962-2011. Topics studied include (in chronological order); portfolio selection, investment and production, philosophy of science (in collaboration with Sir Karl Popper), spatial economics, economics of the arts, nonlinear dynamic processes, oligopoly, and business cycles. The best known work are Attractors, Bifurcations, & Chaos - Nonlinear Phenomena in Economics, (Springer-Verlag 2003), Mathematical Location and Land Use Theory (Springer-Verlag 1997), and Spatial Economics: Potential, Density, and Flow (North-Holland Publishing Company 1985), co-authored with Martin J. Beckmann of Brown University.

</doc>
<doc id="31222340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222340" title="Surround Me with Love">
Surround Me with Love

"Surround Me with Love" is a song written by Wayland Holyfield and Norro Wilson, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in 1981 as the first single and title track from the album "Surround Me with Love". The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31222350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222350" title="Wally Voss">
Wally Voss

Wally Voss was a North-American bass player born on July 25, 1958. He was the bass player of Ft. Lauderdale local bands Pearl and later Front Runner, then played live with Yngwie Malmsteen on the Trilogy tour. Later in 1987, he played the bass parts on the "Out of the Sun" album from Joey Tafolla. Wally Voss died from the Hodgkin's lymphoma in November 29, 1992 at the age of 34.

</doc>
<doc id="31222355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222355" title="Mads Ø. Nielsen">
Mads Ø. Nielsen

Mads Øris Nielsen (born March 17, 1981) is a Danish handballer playing in the Danish club Bjerringbro-Silkeborg. He played his first national game November 28, 2008 and has per March 18, 2011 scored 53 goals in 27 games.

</doc>
<doc id="31222359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222359" title="6 billion Others">
6 billion Others

7 billion Others () is a series of videos by Yann Arthus-Bertrand. Each of the videos feature a single person telling the viewer about their life, often in their native language. The project's homepage states that since the project's beginning in 2003, over 5000 individuals have had their testimonials recorded for the project. According to Arthus-Bertrand, the project's aim is to help different people to understand each other through listening.
The project was previously called 6 billion Others, but is meanwhile renamed to 7 billion others.

</doc>
<doc id="31222375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222375" title="Jesse LaFollette">
Jesse LaFollette

Jesse LaFollette (1781 NJ-1843 Ind) is featured in one of the limestone panels at the Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial in Lincoln City, Indiana. Jesse's family lived next to the Knob Creek Farm, Kentucky owned by Thomas Lincoln during Abraham Lincoln's boyhood years. Jesse was the grandfather of Robert Marion La Follette, Sr., William La Follette and Harvey Marion LaFollette.
Early life.
Jesse was born near Morristown, New Jersey in 1781. His father, Joseph, and grandfather, Jean, were Huguenots who had escaped the persecution in France, traveling first to Jersey and then to the Colonies where they homesteaded a small farm near the Wallkill River. in northern New Jersey. Jean was killed during the French and Indian Wars. Joseph married Phoebe Gobel of Morristown, New Jersey, whose father's farm along with other neighboring farms in Jockey Hollow was used by George Washington and his troops during the winter of 1780. After serving with Count Casimir Pulaski during the Revolutionary War, Joseph and his family joined the pioneers who treked westward through the Cumberland Gap.
Kentucky.
Jesse grew up in a pioneer community in Hardin County, Kentucky.
As a young man, he homesteaded a farm in the beautiful hilly region of what is today LaRue County. This farm was adjacent to the Knob Creek Farm of Thomas Lincoln. Except for his service with the Kentucky Rifles during the War of 1812, Jesse was engrossed in pioneer life on the frontier, hunting, clearing fields and farming and raising a large family. The LaFollette and Lincoln families were part of a small community and shared many adventures of pioneer life. They were involved in land sales with each other and title disputes with speculators; they served on juries together; and they were of like mind on the issue of slavery siding with the abolitionists.
Indiana.
When the LaFollettes crossed into Indiana, they left slavery issues behind. The 1816 constitution of Indiana explicitly banned slavery in the state. Jesse was also leaving land title disputes behind. He settled in Putnam County, Indiana.The old soldier, Joseph, travelled with him on this trek, dying in 1834 and is buried at the James Cemetery in Putnam County. Several of Jesse's sons struck out for new territory and began farming in Primrose, Wisconsin in the 1850s.
Memorial.
In 1959 Senator Vance Hartke introduced the legislation that led to the creation of Indiana's first national park. Early in 1962 President John F. Kennedy signed into law the act that created the memorial. The park was formally dedicated in the summer of 1966.
Jesse LaFollette is featured in the Kentucky panel of the Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial. He is standing next to Abraham Lincoln's father, Thomas Lincoln.

</doc>
<doc id="31222377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222377" title="Mera J. Flaumenhaft">
Mera J. Flaumenhaft

Mera Joan Flaumenhaft (born 1945) is an American scholar and translator specializing primarily in political theory. She is currently a Tutor in English at St. John's College, Annapolis MD. Her translation of Niccolò Machiavelli's "Mandragola" is widely used in college courses throughout the country. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Chicago in 1966, before moving on to get a Master of Arts (1967) and the Ph. D. in English from the University of Pennsylvania in 1970. Her dissertation was entitled "Politics and Technique in the Plays of John Arden". While at the University of Pennsylvania she was both a Woodrow Wilson Fellow and a University of Pennsylvania Foundation Fellow. She was also an Assistant Professor of English at Anne Arundel Community College. She is the author of ""The Civic Spectacle: Essays on Drama and Community"" and ""Priam the Patriarch, his City and his Sons"". She is married to the political scientist Harvey Flaumenhaft. She is the daughter of the educator and author Joseph Oxenhorn and the sister of the scholar and author Harvey Oxenhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="31222404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222404" title="Helle Simonsen (handballer)">
Helle Simonsen (handballer)

Helle Simonsen (born 27 August 1976) is a Danish handball player. She was part of the team that won the 1997 World Championship.
References.
profile at eurohandball.com

</doc>
<doc id="31222418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222418" title="Jack Curtis (World War II aviator)">
Jack Curtis (World War II aviator)

Jack C. Curtis (July 26, 1923- May 24, 2009) was a B-24 nagivator during World War II who spent over eight months as a prisoner of war. His exploits were chronicled, along with those of his friend and fellow POW, Lawrence Jenkins, in the 2007 book, "Eagles' Wings, An Uncommon Story of World War II", by Andrew Layton.
Biography.
A lifelong resident of Battle Creek, Jack Curtis was born on 
July 26, 1923. He left his night-time job at Kellogg’s to enlist 
in the Army Air Corps when World War II broke out. 
Assigned to Aviation Cadet school, Curtis would become a 
Navigator on B-24 “Liberators” with the 376th Bomb Group, 
stationed in Southern Italy. 
By late 1944, Jack had become a seasoned combat veteran 
with more than 30 successful bombing missions to his credit.
However, it was it 31st that would prove to be his most 
memorable. While flying over Marburg, Yugoslavia, his 
aircraft took a mortal hit that killed seven of its eleven 
crewmembers. Jack escaped, but not without great injury. 
His left femur was shattered by shrapnel, and the 
harrowing parachute jump only served to compound his wounds. 
After being captured by a German infantry detachment, Curtis would spend eight months 
in various Austrian prison facilities. He was finally liberated and sent back to the United 
States where he would receive medical care at Percy Jones Army Hospital in his hometown 
of Battle Creek. Among the close friends he made as a patient there were future US Senators 
Bob Dole and Daniel Inouye. 
Following the war, Curtis graduated from 
Albion College and returned to his job at Kellogg’s.
he eventually retired as an executive of industrial 
relations after some 43 years of service. Mr. Curtis was
also involved with many volunteer and service
organizations including the Southwest Michigan 
Food Bank, of which he is a founder. 
Captain Curtis’s military awards and decorations 
include the Purple Heart, the Air Medal (with 6 
Oak Leaf Clusters, the POW Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the ETO Campaign 
Medal (with 7 Battle Stars), the World War II Victory Medal and the British POW Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31222425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222425" title="Steve Falteisek">
Steve Falteisek

Steven James Falteisek is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Falteisek was drafted in the tenth round of the 1992 Major League Baseball Draft by the Montreal Expos. He would reach the Major League level with the team in 1997. In 1998, Falteisek signed as a free agent with the Milwaukee Brewers and would make his final Major League appearance during his time with team team. After the Brewers cut him in 1999, Falteisek signed with the Cleveland Indians organization in 2000. Later that same year, he was traded to the Florida Marlins organization for minor league player Victor Martinez.
Falteisek played at the collegiate level at the University of South Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="31222436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222436" title="Diósy de Tótdiós">
Diósy de Tótdiós

Diósy de Tótdiós (also "Dióssy de Tótdiós", "Diósy de Felső-Diós", "Dióssy de Felső-Diós") was a family of Hungarian nobility. The Diósy name comes from the old name of Tótdiós (Dyos), which means Hungarian "walnut grove".
History.
In 1336, András gained nobility by serving king Charles I () of Hungary bravely, and got the villages of Tótdiós () in Nyitra (), Garbócbogdány () in Kassa (),
Koksóbaksa () in Kassa () and
Nagyörvistye () in Nagyszombat () county, and their surroundings as a gift.
In 1634, the members of the family became barons of the Holy Roman Empire by serving the king Ferdinand II of Hungary in the Thirty Years' War; and afterwards, they were mentioned as barons even in documents issued by the Kings of Hungary although this title was not recognised in the kingdom at that time.
After the Treaty of Trianon, the family moved to Bonyhád, Hungary. Every member of the family who has fought in the World War II came back healthy. In 1947, the family lost all of its lands because of the Communist takeover in Hungary. Branches of family are still living in Hungary mostly in Budapest, Slovakia and the United States. Part of family lives also in Serbia, Vojvodina.

</doc>
<doc id="31222454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222454" title="J. J. Scannell">
J. J. Scannell

John James Scannell was a Paterson, New Jersey, United States, publisher of biographies that was established in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="31222465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222465" title="Kim Jensen">
Kim Jensen

Kim Jensen' (born October 24, 1961 in Brønderslev, Denmark) is assistant national coach for the Danish national team for women. He was an active handballer in Brønderslev IF. He scored 91 goals and played 84 national games for the Danish national team. He hgas been an assistant for the head coaches Ulrik Wilbek, Brian Lyngholm and Jan Pytlick (two periods). His contract expires after the olympic tournament in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31222470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222470" title="Cycloastragenol">
Cycloastragenol

Cycloastragenol is a molecule isolated from various species of Astragalus that is purported to have telomerase activation activity. A single in vitro study done in 2009 led to claims that cycloastragenol may activate telomerase, leading to controversial claims for its role in reducing the effects of aging. Scientist Hector F. Valenzuela.
In late 2013, RevGenetics released their conclusions on TA-65 that showed it is the single molecule Cycloastragenol used in TA-65. More recently, on May 15, 2014 RevGenetics released a press release where they provide new information about a public UK government application where TA Sciences state (among other things) that the active ingredient in TA-65® is Cycloastragenol.
Another study showed that a composition of Cycloastragenol (The active ingredient in TA-65 according to the newly released UK application)) intake improved health span (not lifespan), however the researchers did not investigate the extension of lifespan in the studied laboratory mice as this was not the focus of the project (it was associated aging diseases). Although the first TA Sciences study was done in 2005 for supplement based telomerase activators, In the 8 years since the first study, there has been no study done that shows a telomerase activator taken as a supplement has extended lifespan.
Many products that contain cycloastragenol are marketed as health supplements, including HTA98, Stem Cell 100 and TA-65MD.
Cycloastragenol is a natural ingredient extracted in minute quantities from the root of the astragalus plant which has been known about in China for thousands of years. It is not a proprietary ingredient.
Its method of action is to activate the hTERT gene, thereby activating the enzyme telomerase. The Cycloastragenol compound was researched by Geron Corporation and sold to T.A. Sciences in early 2013. Dr. Bill Andrews of Sierra Sciences has done testing on the anti-aging aspect of TA-65., however quality trials on the benefits of the product are lacking, and there are no high impact journal articles reviewing the efficacy of the TA65-MD, or indeed cyclostragenol.
Toxicity testing has shown it to be safe for human consumption. In a recent peer-reviewed study published by the low impact factor journal Rejuvenation Research, TA-65 was shown to improve biological markers associated with human health span through the lengthening of short telomeres and rescuing of old cells, although the significance of these findings in actual life expectancy is unknown. Publications in high-impact peer-reviewed journals are lacking however, and much of the online documentation supporting its use is sponsored by its manufacturers.
As part of a study sponsored by RevGenetics, the Cycloastragenol based product TA-65 was tested by UCLA scientist Rita B. Effros and UCLA Visiting Scholar and RevGenetics Scientist Hector F. Valenzuela. The small study (6 participants) found that TA-65 activated telomerase in all samples of subjects tested, while another telomerase activator did not. The clinical significance of this work is uncertain.
The manufacturer of Cycloastragenol based product TA-65 carried out a User Survey (self-reporting) from October 2012 to February 2013. Although a self-selected, self-reported study is of dubious reliability, this questionnaire reported that more than 80% of those returning the survey self-reported improvements in immune function, mood, and aense of general well-being, and quality of their hair. 75% of those studied reported improved joint mobility and skin quality, a reduction in joint pain and colds, improved energy and greater exercise tolerance and endurance. 50% of those studied saw improvements in sleep quality, vision, and sexual function. As disordered telomerase function is a feature of almost all cancers, there is an unknown, but theoretical risk of oncogene-mediated cancer promotion through the use of telomerase activators.
TA-65 was mentioned in the BBC documentary, "Don't Grow Old".

</doc>
<doc id="31222490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222490" title="Civilization (Justice song)">
Civilization (Justice song)

"Civilization" is a single by the French band Justice and the first from their second studio album "Audio, Video, Disco". The single, Justice's first via Elektra Records, was initially set to be released on iTunes on 4 April 2011, before becoming available on other digital retailers on April 11. The track was released early through iTunes France on 28 March and globally through iTunes on 29 March 2011. 
The track features vocals from British singer Ali Love. The song was previewed in a two minute advertisement for Adidas, which was directed by Romain Gavras. Gavras has worked with Justice previously, directing the music video for their song "Stress" in 2008, and filming a documentary 'A Cross In The Universe' about Justice's American tour in 2008. The single was re-released on 6 June with remixes from Mr. Oizo and The Fucking Champs.
Critical reception.
Eric Magnuson of "Rolling Stone" gave the single a rating of three-and-a-half stars out of five, complimenting its "high-end baguette beat-down". He compared the song to a mix of Daft Punk's "Aerodynamic" and The Who's "Baba O'Riley". Ben Gilbert of Yahoo! Music UK & Ireland gave a positive review, calling the song "fried and fiercesome ".

</doc>
<doc id="31222491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222491" title="Cardot">
Cardot

Cardot may refer to:
Stephen Cardot (1955 - ) an American artist and information technology scientist, born in Canton, Illinois.
Mr. Cardot (Minneapolis, MN) is the senior inventor and patent author to "Systems and Methods for Insuring Data over the Internet" and underwrite (TCP/IP) data transmission. This fundamental invention creates a new type of cyber-insurance, known as incremental data transmission insurance -or- CloudCover.
CloudCover
Stephen is the founder of CloudCover, Ltd. (Minneapolis, MN) a cyber-risk insurance management group focused on delivering the underwriting system and method for electronic privacy and security of data in-transit. Today as founder, Stephen leads the team that has re-invented the underwriting of in-transit data@risk within cloud computing. Mr Cardot and his team are completing the development on that which is appropriately being readied to real-time underwrite, insure, mitigate risk and address the claims when transmitting global online data. 
CloudCover have developed in-transit data insurance and are entering the cyber-insurance market with a fundamental real-time risk mitigation and risk transfer process at the elemental packet level. As CloudCover defines the online risk-gap and security vulnerabilities within cloud-computing, the ultimate goal is to become the standard for insurance when transmitting mobile data throughout the Internet.
Together with strategic partners, CloudCover is building the infrastructure to apply incremental underwriting, pricing, billing, and claims adjudication for cloud insurance of cyber-risky data assets and a host of public or private cloud-computing perils. As a result, CloudCover shall acquire the "big data" knowledge associated with underwriting the online privacy and security vulnerabilities of transit data. Thus the ultimate goal is to become the standard for insuring when transmitting cloud data, also known as the CloudCover Protocol.
CloudCover Protocol
Today, the underwriting protocol for real-time (in-transit) data insurance is uniquely focused on the world’s first cyber risk-transfer system and method to comprehensively "underwrite to insure" real-time information, digital media, web-based payment processing systems, security modernization of health care records, the safety of financial securities transactions, and other online commerce that involve risks associated with valuable personal identifiable information (PII) assets. 
History
In 1996, Mr. Cardot began to develop one of the world’s first online bank projects and further engaged secure online banking technology over the Internet. Cardot produced and directed numerous web projects and online product introductions over the Internet 90’s. He worked on numerous Fortune 500 projects and incorporated online security web-technologies to solve the very early stages of Internet security and privacy. With 30 years of experience in marketing and design, with an emphasis on web systems and integration, Cardot focused on data insurance over the previous decade. With an extensive background working on some of the world’s most complex online information issues, Cardot was inspired to promote effective responsible behavior concerning privacy and security online.
With so much attention to protect and secure e-commerce with encryption, Cardot initiated U.S. process patents in 1998 to insure the transmission of data over the Internet. This intellectual area was uncharted within the cyber-risk insurance market. The first process patents were published and issued: 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2011 respectively. Mr. Cardot has authored numerous patents and continues to pioneer real-time data insurance and supporting technology for in-transit risk to digital assets.
Issued:
Systems and methods for insuring data over the Internet: US 6,922,720
Systems and methods for insuring data transmissions: US 7,020,692
Systems for underwriting coverage for data transmissions: US 7,246,157
System & methods for reports based transmission claims: US 7,349,954
Methods-apparatus for providing coverage for transmission data: US 7,555,535
Methods-apparatus for providing coverage for receiver of transmission data: US 7,711,646
Pending:
IP Data Insurance Policy Management System: PCT 12/388,292
IP Data Transmission Insurance System: PCT 12/388,269

</doc>
<doc id="31222494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222494" title="Sleepin' with the Radio On">
Sleepin' with the Radio On

"Sleepin' with the Radio On" is a song written by Stephen Allen Davis, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in 1981 as the second single from the album "Surround Me with Love". The song reached #4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31222496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222496" title="Coluria elegans">
Coluria elegans

Coluria elegans is a plant species in the genus "Coluria".

</doc>
<doc id="31222497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222497" title="Lawrence Jenkins">
Lawrence Jenkins

Lawrence L. "Larry" Jenkins (born January 29, 1924) is a former B-17 co-pilot during World War II who spent over ten months as a prisoner of war. His exploits were chronicled, along with those of his friend and fellow POW Jack Curtis, in the 2007 book, "Eagles' Wings, An Uncommon Story of World War II", by Andrew Layton.
Biography.
On the United States' entry into World War II, Jenkins enlisted in the US Army Air Corps. After an initial assignment as a sheet-metal smith, he was accepted into the Aviation Cadet Program, and learned to fly the B-17 “Flying Fortress”, one of the United States' primary bombers of that era. He was assigned to the 96th Bomb Squadron stationed at Foggia Italy.
He completed 14 combat missions before being shot down over Vienna, Austria on July 16, 1944. He was severely wounded by shrapnel which broke both his legs and was then strafed by a 20mm cannon during his parachute descent. Jenkins was taken prisoner and spent the next 10 months in German captivity – six of them in Stalag 17. Here, the 20-year-old combat veteran became affectionately known by his prison mates as "Junior". Jenkins credits his youthful determination and the care of an Austrian nun, Sister Maria, with saving his life.
After being liberated by Russian forces, Larry was ultimately sent to Percy Jones Army Hospital in Battle Creek, Michigan, where he spent the next two years recovering from his wounds.
After the war, he attended Jackson College and Albion College before embarking on a 30-year career as electronics technician for RCA. He and his wife Peg raised three children, Larry, Jr., Roger and Connie.
Jenkins lives in Michigan, and remains active as a volunteer at the Kalamazoo Air Zoo. His military awards and decorations include the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal (with 1 Oak Leaf Cluster), the Purple Heart, the POW Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, The American Campaign Medal, the ETO Campaign Medal (with one Battle Star), the World War II Victory Medal, and the British POW Medal.
References.
Layton, Andrew. "Eagles' Wings: An Uncommon Story of World War II". Xulon Press, 2007 ISBN 978-1-60266-390-9

</doc>
<doc id="31222515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222515" title="Dan Barry (umpire)">
Dan Barry (umpire)

Daniel Augustine "Dan" Barry (August 29, 1886 - February 9, 1947) was a professional baseball umpire. Barry umpired 132 American League games in , 49 of them as the home plate umpire.
Early life and career.
Born in Boston, Barry played high school baseball followed by semipro and minor league baseball. After an arm injury, he began a newspaper career with the sports department at The Boston Post. Having spent fifteen years as a college baseball umpire, particularly for Harvard and Holy Cross games, Barry was one of few umpires who would be promoted to MLB umpiring without ever officiating in the minor leagues.
MLB career.
Barry was promoted to the umpiring staff of the American League for the 1928 season, the first Boston man to hold that distinction. Umpire George Moriarity took a leave of absence to manage the Detroit Tigers that year and he came back to umpiring for 1929. Barry returned to newspaper work.
In his lone major league season, Barry recorded only two ejections. His first was Lou Gehrig, one of six times that the Hall of Famer was ejected in his career. Later in the season, Barry handed Lena Blackburne his only ejection as a manager in 232 career games.
Later life.
Barry maintained an interest in umpiring, but shifted his focus to youth baseball. He worked in several Little World Series after his stint in the major leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="31222518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222518" title="Lone Mathiesen">
Lone Mathiesen

Lone Mathiesen (born 28 January 1972) is a Danish handball player. She was part of the team that won the 1997 World Championship.
References.
profile at eurohandball.com

</doc>
<doc id="31222528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222528" title="Phillip Kott">
Phillip Kott

Doctor Phillip S. Kott (born 1952) is an American statistician. He has worked in the field of survey statistics for more than 25 years, and is regarded as a leader in this field. His areas of expertise include survey sampling design, analysis of survey data, and calibration weighting, among other areas. He revolutionized sampling design and estimation strategies with the Agricultural Resource Management Survey, which uses survey information more efficiently. He has taught at George Mason University, and USDA Graduate School. He is currently an Associate Editor for the Journal of Official Statistics and the scientific journal Survey Methodology.
Early professional years.
Phillip Kott earned his BS in Mathematics from The State University of New York at Stony Brook in 1974. In 1975, Kott received his MA in Economics from Brown University. In 1978, Kott received his PhD in Mathematical Economics from Brown University at age 26. He was recruited as an economist by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in November 1978 and worked there until 1984 when he was hired by U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA). In 1987, Kott began working for the National Agricultural Statistics Service of USDA, where he remained until 2008; he briefly worked at the Census Bureau in 1990.
Current professional activities.
At the time of his retirement in 2008, Kott was the chief research statistician at NASS. He continued to work part-time at Nass through December 2010. Since January 2009, Kott has been a senior research statistician at Research Triangle Institute (RTI).
Notable achievements.
In 1996, Kott was elected a Fellow of ASA. Kott has been an organizer of a number conferences and sessions at national and international statistical organizations and has been a representative to the Council of Chapters of ASA. He served as the president of the Washington Statistical Society from June 1996 to June 1997. In 1997, Kott was awarded the Distinguished Achievement Medal by American Statistical Association's Section on Statistics and the Environment. Most recently, he received the Presidential Rank Award in 2007.
Select bibliography.
Books edited.
Dr. Kott is a co-editor of Business Survey Methods (1995), a collection of papers from diverse researches regarding the process of conducting statistical surveys.
Papers published.
Dr. Kott has written or calaborated on hundreds of papers advancing the science of survey methodology. He is a sought after speaker at international statistical forums and has had a major influence on the way the U.S. Government conducts survey research. The following are five of Dr. Kott's most influential and important published papers:
Kott, P., & Chang, T. (2010). Using calibration weighting to adjust for nonignorable unit nonresponse. Journal of the American Statistical Association, 105, 1265-1275.
Kott, P., & Liu, Y. (2009). One-sided coverage intervals for a proportion estimated from a stratified simple random sample. International Statistical Review, 77, 251–265.
Kott, P. (2006). Using calibration weighting to adjust for nonresponse and coverage errors. Survey Methodology, 133–142
Kott, P. (2001). The delete-a-group jackknife. Journal of Official Statistics, 521–526.
Kott, P., & Stukel, D. (1997). Can the jackknife be used with a two-phase sample? Survey Methodology, 81–89

</doc>
<doc id="31222532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222532" title="Alfred Næss (playwright)">
Alfred Næss (playwright)

Alfred Næss (30 November 1927 – 30 November 1997) was a Norwegian playwright and songwriter for revue stages in Oslo, in particular for Chat Noir and the ABC theatre. He wrote material for artists like Wenche Myhre and Dizzie Tunes, and contributed to television comedies.
Personal life.
Næss was born in Vardø as the son of physician Aage Næss and Elna Elisabeth Eide. He was married to Anne Marie Dahl from 1953 to 1955, and to Marie Elisabeth Grønn-Nielsen from 1960 until her death in 1978. He was married to Eivor Hilde Midthus from 1995. He died in Oslo in 1997, on his 70th birthday.
Career.
After the forced evacuation and destruction of Finnmark in 1944/1945, Næss moved to Oslo, and graduated from Oslo Cathedral School in 1947. While studying jurisprudence in Oslo, he started writing student revues. His professional debut was the revue "Ferske fjes" from 1957, in cooperation with Einar Schanke, staged on Chat Noir. From 1959 to 1975 he worked for Chat Noir, and from 1976 to 1992 for the ABC theatre. He was the main writer for the show group Dizzie Tunes, in cooperation with the group's leader Yngvar Numme. He delivered material to Wenche Myhre's show "I all Wenchelhet" from 1979, and Øivind Blunck Hege Schøyen's shows "Bare gode venner" and "Fast følge". He wrote songs for the 1965 film "Stompa forelsker seg", and for the 1966 film "Hurra for Andersens".
Among his best known songs are "På Enerhaugen" from 1960 (performed by Arvid Nilssen) and "Vinter og sne" from 1966 (performed by Wenche Myhre).
He was awarded the Leonard Statuette in 1981, and received the King's Medal of Merit in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31222543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222543" title="Matzuva attack">
Matzuva attack

The Matzuva attack was a terrorist attack on March 12, 2002 in which two Islamic Jihad militants who infiltrated Israel from Lebanon opened fire on civilian vehicles traveling on the Shlomi-Matzuva road. Six Israelis were killed in the attack and one injured.
The attack.
On March 12, 2002 two Islamic Jihad militants crossed the border, reached a mountain overlooking the Shlomi-Matzuva road, and began firing small arms and throwing hand grenades at vehicles traveling on the road, including a civilian commuter bus.
Five Israeli civilians and an Israeli army officer were killed and a member of Kibbutz Matzuva was injured.
The attackers were killed in battle with Israeli security forces.
The perpetrators.
Initially Israeli intelligence officials believed that the attack was organized by the Hezbollah, although Hezbollah did not confirm this. Following the signing of the trade agreement between Lebanon and the European Union in 2002, Hezbollah had agreed not to commit any attacks across the international border between Israel and Lebanon. In 2004, Islamic Jihad took responsibility for the attack. In May 2006, Mahmoud al-Majzoub, leader of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad at that time, exploded in his car in Sidon. There were speculations that the hit was a response to the 2002 Matzuva attack, but Israel has not taken responsibility for al-Majzoub's death.

</doc>
<doc id="31222544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222544" title="Merete Møller">
Merete Møller

Merete Møller (born 7 May 1978) is a Danish handball player. She was part of the team that won the 1997 World Championship.
References.
profile at eurohandball.com

</doc>
<doc id="31222581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222581" title="List of D.C. United head coaches">
List of D.C. United head coaches

This is a list of D.C. United head coaches since the 1996 season. The club has had seven permanent head coaches. Bruce Arena was the club's inaugural coach in 1996, leaving his position coaching the men's soccer team at the University of Virginia. In 1998, after winning two MLS Cups and the 1996 U.S. Open Cup, Arena left to coach the United States men's national soccer team. Thomas Rongen then left his head coach position with the New England Revolution to come to D.C. Rongen led D.C. to another MLS cup in 1999 but was replaced by Ray Hudson in 2002, who was hired after the contraction of his Miami Fusion F.C. that year.
Hudson saw D.C. United fall to last in the table in 2002 and lose in the first round of the playoffs in 2003. Former Chicago Fire player Piotr (Peter) Nowak was then hired to replace Hudson, and led D.C. United to their fourth MLS Cup in 2004. Nowak left on December 21, 2006 for an assistant coaching position on the U.S. men's national team. Tom Soehn, another former Chicago Fire player, was hired next, and was the first American to coach the team since Bruce Arena. He left the team at the end of the 2009 season. On December 28, 2009 D.C. hired former Kansas City Wizards manager Curt Onalfo as their sixth head coach. On August 4, 2010, Onalfo was dismissed as head coach of D.C. United and former player Ben Olsen was named interim head coach. On November 29, 2010, Olsen was named head coach on a permanent basis.
List of head coaches.
This list includes all those who have managed the club since 1996, when the club joined Major League Soccer for the first time, whether coaching on a full-time or caretaker basis. Games played include all League, Cup, Playoff, and Continental matches, and the win percentage is calculated from the total of games.
M = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against

</doc>
<doc id="31222585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222585" title="Scarborough Fair">
Scarborough Fair

Scarborough Fair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31222586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222586" title="Walt Streuli">
Walt Streuli

Walter Herbert Streuli (born September 26, 1935, at Memphis, Tennessee) is a retired American professional baseball player, a catcher who appeared in six Major League Baseball games over parts of three seasons with the 1954–1956 Detroit Tigers. Streuli stood tall, weighed , and threw and batted right-handed. He is an alumnus of Southwestern College (now Rhodes College) in Memphis. 
Streuli's professional career lasted for six seasons, from 1953 through 1957 with a brief return to the game in 1961. The day before his 19th birthday, in , Streuli made his first MLB appearance in the penultimate game of the year, relieving Tiger catcher Red Wilson in the seventh inning of an 11–1 loss to the American League champion Cleveland Indians. He handled one chance in the field without an error and drew a base on balls against future Hall of Famer Early Wynn. He had two more "cups of coffee" with Detroit, playing two games in September and three more in April before he was sent back to minor league baseball at the May cutdown. In his six MLB games, Streuli batted 12 times and collected three hits, two of which were doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="31222611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222611" title="Congost River">
Congost River

The Congost is a river basin of the Besòs river and owes its name to the narrow gorge through which it passes, largely through the Catalan pre-coastal mountain range in Spain.
Source.
The Congost River is born of the waters of the western cliffs of the Plain of Vic, at the foot of Sant Cugat Gavadons in land consisting of sandstone and marl.
Middle and mouth.
The river is in the gap that separates the massif of Montseny from the Cliffs of Bertí separating these two mountainous units north to south. Its action for centuries has achieved a major gorge that begins at Gorg Negre, near Centelles, and continues to Aiguafreda and Figueró to open on the plain of Vallès when it comes to la Garriga. After that it crosses the plains of Vallès, Granollers through, and finally forms Besòs at its confluence with the Mogent, at the height of Montmeló. No major tributaries, but many of them are also gorges.

</doc>
<doc id="31222620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222620" title="Scarborough Fair (fair)">
Scarborough Fair (fair)

During the late Middle Ages the seaside town of Scarborough, in Yorkshire, was an important venue for tradesmen from all over England. It was host to a huge 45-day trading event, starting August 15, which was exceptionally long for a fair in those times. Merchants came to it from all areas of England, Norway, Denmark, the Baltic states and the Byzantine Empire. Scarborough Fair originated from a charter granted by King Henry III of England on 22 January 1253. The charter, which gave Scarborough many privileges, stated "The Burgesses and their heirs forever may have a yearly fair in the Borough, to continue from the Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary until the Feast of St Michael next following". (On the modern Roman Catholic calendar, the equivalent dates are August 15 to September 29.) Naturally, such a large occasion attracted a lot more than just tradesmen; they needed to be entertained and fed, therefore large crowds of buyers, sellers and pleasure-seekers attended the fair. Prices were determined by ‘Supply and demand’, with goods often being exchanged through the barter system. Records show that from 1383 Scarborough's prosperity slumped.
In the early 17th century competition from other towns' markets and fairs and increasing taxation saw further collapse of the Fair until it eventually became financially untenable. The market was revived again in the 18th century, but due to intense competition Scarborough Fair finally ended in 1788.
The traditional "Scarborough Fair" no longer exists but a number of low-key celebrations take place every September to mark the original event. Scarborough Fair in July 2006 witnessed Medieval Jousting Competitions, hosted by English Heritage in addition to the usual attractions.
The fair features in the traditional English ballad Scarborough Fair.

</doc>
<doc id="31222624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222624" title="Delta, Thessaloniki">
Delta, Thessaloniki

Delta () is a municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Sindos.
Municipality.
The municipality Delta was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31222626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222626" title="Jellalabad Medals">
Jellalabad Medals

The Jellalabad Medal, a campaign medal issued by the British East India Company, was established by the Governor-General of India George Eden on 30 April 1842. The medal was awarded for the defence of Jalalabad, to the troops under the command of Sir Robert Sale from 12 November 1841 to 16 April 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="31222660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222660" title="Tiffany Porter">
Tiffany Porter

Tiffany Porter (née Ofili; formerly Ofili-Porter) (born 13 November 1987) is a British-American track and field athlete who currently competes for Great Britain. She specialises in the 100 metres hurdles and is 2013 World bronze medallist in the event. She represented the United States as a junior. She failed to achieve USA selection for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing and switched allegiance to Britain in 2010.
Early life.
Tiffany Porter's father Felix is Nigerian and her mother, Lilian, is British. She herself was born in the United States. Porter has held both American and British nationality since her birth. She has therefore been eligible to represent both the United States and Great Britain.
Athletics career.
As an American athlete, Porter represented the United States at the inaugural NACAC Championships winning a silver medal. However, at the end of the 2010 season, she changed her allegiance to Great Britain. Commenting on her switch, she said: "I knew I was going to perform no matter what vest I had on. I have always regarded myself as British, American and Nigerian. I'm all three."
On 29 May 2011, at the Fanny Blankers-Koen Games, Porter broke Angie Thorp's 15 year old British record of 12.80s in the 100m Hurdles with a run of 12.77s. Thorp said that losing her record had made her "devastated". She stated that if a British-born athlete, for example Jessica Ennis or Sarah Claxton, who at the time both had personal bests of 12.81s, had broken her record she would have been "the first to congratulate", but as Porter had transferred from the United States, she was "absolutely distraught".
Porter lowered her British record on 22 July 2011, with a time of 12.60s at the Diamond League meeting in Monaco, breaking her previous personal best of 12.73s (set when she was still a US athlete). Her record was broken on 3 August 2012 by Jessica Ennis in the London Olympics heptathlon achieving 12.54s. In September 2011 she was nominated for "European Athlete of the Year". In October 800m runner Mariya Savinova was announced as the winner.
UK Athletics head coach, Charles van Commenee gave Porter the responsibility of the team captaincy ahead of the 2012 World Indoor Championships in March; she was subsequently labelled a "Plastic Brit" after refusing (or being unable) to recite the words of the British national anthem in a press conference.
In 2012 Porter was nominated for "European Athlete of the Month" twice. In March she was nominated along with fellow Brits Katarina Johnson-Thompson and Yamile Aldama. She was nominated again in May, this time with Hannah England and eventual winner Jessica Ennis.
In 2013 Porter switched coaches from James Henry to Rana Reider, and moved to Loughborough to train with Reider's group at Loughborough University's High Performance Centre.
At the 2013 Moscow Athletics World Championships, Porter put on a great performance and won a Bronze medal in the 100m Hurdles in a personal best time of 12.55 seconds, just one hundredth of a second off Jessica Ennis' British record of 12.54.
Personal life.
Porter married American hurdler Jeff Porter in May 2011, and began to compete under her married name in July 2011. She graduated from the University of Michigan with a PharmD (Doctor of Pharmacy) degree in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31222675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222675" title="Boston line letter">
Boston line letter

Boston line letter was a tactile writing system created by Dr. Samuel Gridley Howe in 1835, a popular precursor to the now-standardized Braille.
History.
Dr. Samuel Gridley Howe, the first director of the New England Asylum for the Blind (now Perkins School for the Blind), studied tactile printing systems in Europe and developed his own system of raised type called Boston line letter. Howe's system was similar to raised letters designed by James Gall in Edinburgh, Scotland in the 1820s. In 1835 Howe printed "Acts of the Apostles", the first book produced in Boston line letter. The letterforms were an angular modification of Roman letters and had no capital letters. The first books embossed at the American Printing House for the Blind in 1866 were in Boston line letter. 
By 1868, N.B. Kneass, Jr., a printer in Philadelphia, had adapted what became known as a "combined system" which used the lower case forms of Boston line letter and capital letters from a rival tactile system known as Philadelphia Line. Until replaced by dot systems this hybrid form of raised letters was the predominant embossed type for blind people in the United States and the choice of most of the schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31222699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222699" title="Ampelokipoi-Menemeni">
Ampelokipoi-Menemeni

Ampelokipoi–Menemeni () is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is in Ampelokipoi.
Municipality.
The municipality Ampelokipoi–Menemeni was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31222700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222700" title="Coldrain">
Coldrain

History.
coldrain was formed in 2007 in Nagoya and consists of 5 members: vocalist Masato, bassist RxYxO (Ryo), drummer Katsuma, and guitarists Y.K.C (Yokochi) and Sugi. The band gained their first followers from performing as a local band in their home-town while distributing demo discs after each performance. Shortly thereafter, the band started becoming well known despite their songs all being sung in English by half-American singer Masato.
About a year after coldrain formed, they were offered and later signed a major contract with VAP, after which the band released its debut maxi single "Fiction" on November 5, 2008. They then set off for their first nationwide tour and played in 30 venues across Japan.
After the tour, the group released their next maxi single: "8AM". The limited edition included a DVD which featured the music video of the title song and three live videos: "Fiction", "Painting", and "Come Awake". "8AM" was also used as a theme song to the anime series Hajime no Ippo: New Challenger. 2009 saw their first performance at the Summer Sonic Festival. In October, they released their first album "Final Destination" and embarked on another successful sold-out nationwide tour.
The band released their EP "Nothing Lasts Forever" on June 23, 2010. One of the songs, "We’re Not Alone", was used as an opening theme of the anime series "".
Another song, "Die Tomorrow", was used in the Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 soundtrack.
On 30 November 2012, in a statement on their official website, coldrain announced the release of their third studio album, scheduled for spring 2013. "The Revelation", produced by David Bendeth, was released on April 17, 2013. They collaborated with Bendeth for the second time: indeed he also worked with them on their second EP "Through Clarity".
On December 2013 coldrain signed with Raw Power Management. This allows the band to perform for the first time in Europe alongside British band Bullet for My Valentine in 2014 and to release a new album worldwide on the same year.
On April 9th, 2014, coldrain announced they had signed with Hopeless Records for distribution worldwide (except Asia, New Zealand, and Australia) with their first release being a special edition re-release of "The Revelation". The international edition of "The Revelation" was released by Hopeless Records on June 23, 2014 in Europe and on June 24, 2014 in North America.
On April 26th, 2014, coldrain announced their new work: "Until the End". The release date of their third EP is June 18th, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31222704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222704" title="2005 Kyrgyzstan Cup">
2005 Kyrgyzstan Cup

The 2005 edition of the Kyrgyzstan Cup was the annual Kyrgyzstan football competition between domestic clubs. 
Play-off round.
First round.
The first round matches were played on 17 April 2005.
Byes: FK Naryn, Svetotekhnika Maylusuu.
Second round.
The second round matches were played on 20 April 2005.
Byes: FK Batken, Metallurg Kadamjay, Alay Osh, Asyl Jalal-Abad, Shakhtyor Tash-Kömür.
Round of 16.
The Round of 16 matches were played between 2–11 May 2005.
NB: Metallurg Kadamjay changed name to Kurban-100 Kadamjay.
Quarterfinals.
The Quarterfinals matches was played between 17 May-1 June 2005.
Semifinals.
The first legs was played on 4 June, and the second legs was played on 8 June 2005.
Finals.
The final of the Kyrgyzstan Cup 2005 was held on 1 September 2005 at the Spartak Stadium in Bishkek.
Attendance: 7,200
Referee: Mashentsev (Osh).

</doc>
<doc id="31222713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222713" title="Wilfred Craddy">
Wilfred Craddy

Wilfred Hartland Craddy (1 September 1905 – 4 January 1979) was an English cricketer, a left-handed batsman born in Bristol.
Craddy made his debut for Gloucestershire in the 1928 County Championship against Glamorgan. He paid two further first-class matches for Gloucestershire in 1928, against Sussex and Northamptonshire. In his three first-class matches, Craddy scored 47 runs at a batting average of 9.40, with a high score of 29.
He died in Westbury-on-Trym, Bristol on 4 January 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31222733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222733" title="Ice planet">
Ice planet

An ice planet is a type of planet with an icy surface. Ice planets consist of a global cryosphere. Ice planets are bigger versions of Solar System's icy moons such as Europa, Enceladus, and Triton; dwarf planets Pluto and Eris, and many other icy solar system bodies.
Characteristics and habitability.
Ice planets usually appear nearly white with geometric albedos of more than 0.9. An ice planet's surface can be composed of water, methane, ammonia, carbon dioxide (known as "dry ice"), carbon monoxide, or other volatiles, depending on its surface temperature. Ice planets would have surface temperatures below 260 K if composed primarily of water, below 180 K if primarily composed of CO and ammonia, and below 80 K if composed primarily of methane.
Ice planets are usually hostile to life as we know it because they are very cold, at least on the surface. Many ice planets may have subsurface oceans, warmed by their cores or tidal forces from another nearby body, specifically gas giants. Liquid subsurface water would provide habitable conditions for life, including fish, plankton, and microorganisms. Subsurface plants and microorganisms would not perform photosynthesis because sunlight is blocked by overlying ice; instead they produce nutrients using specific chemicals called chemosynthesis.
Pluto and candidates.
Although there are many icy objects in the Solar System, there are no known ice planets (though Pluto was considered an ice planet until its reclassification in 2006). There are several extrasolar ice planet candidates, including OGLE-2005-BLG-390Lb, OGLE-2013-BLG-0341L b and MOA-2007-BLG-192Lb.

</doc>
<doc id="31222740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222740" title="Alina Talay">
Alina Talay

Alina Talay (; born May 14, 1989 in Orsha) is a Belarusian track and field athlete who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles. She is coached by Viktor Myasnikov.
Biography.
She was fourth in the event at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics and won the bronze medal at the 2009 European Athletics U23 Championships a year after. Talay began competing in the senior ranks in 2009 2010 and was a semi-finalist in the 60 metres hurdles at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships. She dipped under 13 seconds for the 100 m hurdles for the first time in 2010 and ended the year having a personal best of 12.87 seconds. That year she was a semi-finalist at both the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships and the 2010 European Athletics Championships.
Talay ran a best of 7.95 seconds for the 60 m hurdles at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships and came fifth overall, making her first championship final. Still eligible for the age category competitions, she won at the 2011 European Athletics U23 Championships. She missed the World Championships, but competed at the 2011 Military World Games and won in a games record time of 12.95 seconds. She claimed her first world medal at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships, taking the bronze.
She ran a personal best of 12.79 seconds at the Brothers Znamensky Memorial in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31222751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222751" title="Juan Bautista Baigorria">
Juan Bautista Baigorria

Juan Bautista Baigorria, also known as Granadero Baigorria, was born in San Luis Province and died at the Battle of San Lorenzo on 3 February 1813, was an Argentine soldier. He died in battle and became famous by having saved his commander when he stopped a royalist from bayonnetting then-colonel José de San Martín.
Military career.
Baigorria was part of the 1st company of Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers. He was at the Battle of San Lorenzo, on 3 February 1813. When a royalist soldier tried to kill his commanding officer, then-colonel San Martín who had a leg pinned under his fallen horse, Baigorria killed the enemy with his lance. San Martín's horse had been wounded and felled by a royalist shot and had caught the colonel on his leg. This action by Baigorria allowed Private Juan Bautista Cabral to help the colonel and save his life. Baigorria died in this action after being wounded by a royalist.
He is remembered and honored with the town of Granadero Baigorria in Santa Fe Province, named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31222769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222769" title="Slovak Fourth Football League">
Slovak Fourth Football League

The Slovak Fourth Football League is the fifth-tier football league of Slovakia. It currently consists of three divisions of sixteen teams each and one division 4. liga Bratislava (Bratislava division) consist fourteen teams. The name of the competition was in years 1997 to 2011 "Slovak Third Football League".

</doc>
<doc id="31222773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222773" title="Charles Dallison">
Charles Dallison

Sir Charles Dallison ("fl." 1648) was a gentleman from Lincolnshire who served as an officer in the Royalist army during the English Civil War. He was also a serjeant-at-law, and in 1648 he published an often cited pamphlet justifying his reasons for supporting the Royalist cause.
Biography.
Charles Dallison was the third son of Sir Thomas Dallison (d. 1626) of Greetwell, Lincolnshire, and Anne, daughter of Humfrey Littlebury, of Stainsby, in the same county. He was admitted to Grays Inn in February 1620. He returned to Lincolnshire where by 1637 was the city of Lincoln's counsel, and became recorder of Lincoln in 1637.
In June 1642 it appeared that Lincolnshire would support the Parliamentary cause when at the instigation of Francis, Lord Willoughby they agreed to implement the Militia Ordinance. In July Charles I visited Lincoln in the hope of persuading the local gentry to support his cause, when he arrived at Lincoln on 14 July 1642, Dallison made the speech of loyalty on behalf of the city and was knighted by Charles. Sir Charles, was appointed by the King to the Commission of Array for Lincolnshire (to organise the recruitment for the nascent Royalist army). Towards the end of the year, when the battle lines were drawn he was commissioned into the Royalist army as a colonel of a regiment horse (cavalry). In retaliation for his active support for the royalist cause, Parliament to impeach him on 14 September 1642 and in December he was deprived of his Receivership.
On 9 March 1643 Sir Charles attacked parliamentary forces on Coddington Heath. On the 1 June while Parliamentary cavalry was absent from Lincolnshire supporting the siege of Nottingham, Royalist cavalry and dragoons sallied out from Gainsborough under the joint command of Sir John Brook, Sir Charles, and Captain Whichcote and attacked Market Rasen on 1 June 1643. On the following day they entered and occupied Louth. The next day, 3 June, they were driven out by a relief force from the Parliamentary garrison at Lincoln. About 100 Royalists were taken prisoner when the Parliamentarians retook Louth.
On 6 May 1644 Sir Charles was taken prisoner by the Eastern Association when they assaulted captured Lincoln, but after a short imprisonment was exchanged and at the end of the First Civil War was governor of Newark. He went to France in 1646 and was absent for the Second Civil War.
Sir Charles is notable as one of only seven Royalist delinquents exempted from the Parliamentary pardon passed by the commons on the 21 October 1648, and by the Lords on 24 October: Francis, Lord Cottington, George, Lord Digby, Sir Robert Heath, Sir Francis Doddington, Sir George Radcliffe and Sir Richard Grenville. However on 11 November the House of Lords overturned their exemption on three of the men Lord Cottington, Sir Robert Heath and Sir Charles Dallison. He returned to England after the war and was find £465, which was reduced to £351 in 1651.
During the interregnum Dallison was thought by the authorities to be in favour of a Roman Catholic alliance to restore Charles II to the throne, however P. R. Newman states although "he came from a partially recusant background, he writings imply impatience with religion in whatever form".
On 20 December 1661 The Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer approve the grant of certain lands in Lincolnshire to Sir Charles Dallison:
Bibliography.
In 1648, while exiled in France, Sir Charles Dallison published "The Royalist defence; Vindicating the King's Proceedings in the late Warre made against him." P. R. Newman considers this to be "The most expansive and cogently argued of all Royalist self-vindications". In it he explains that he initially took up arms because of the Militia Ordinance which he considered an illegal act because the king did not give his royal assent to it. In the opinion of Dallison no new law can be passed without the assent of the king, so those who marched under the authority of the Militia Ordinance were committing high treason, and it was the duty of all loyal subjects to defend the king against those who break the law and commit high treason.
Family.
Most of Sir Charles's close family supported the Royalist cause. His uncle William Dallison and his son Robert Dallison fought for King Charles. In 1644 Robert was granted a baronetcy (see Dallison baronets), and along with his father were found by Parliament to be Royalist delinquents they their estates sequestrated and compounded for the sum of £1,300. This did not deter Sir Robert who in 1658 was known to be actively sympathetic to the Royalist cause. Thomas Dallison another Lincolnshire man from another branch of the family, was a Roylist colonel of horse who was slain at the Battle of Naseby in 1645.
Sir Charles had a number of children, and was probably a Roman Catholic, as one son became a Roman Catholic priest and two daughters became nuns. He also had a number of other children including:

</doc>
<doc id="31222791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222791" title="Cathy Zimmermann">
Cathy Zimmermann

Austrian television host Cathy Zimmermann (originally Cathrin-Theres Zimmermann) was born on October 6, 1981 in Vienna, Austria.
Life and career.
Zimmermann studied at the Vienna University of Economics and Business, before completing her degree at the Dolmetschinstitut Wien. While she was working towards her degree, she also studied dance for six years at the Prayner Konservatorium.
She received her first television experience as a weather presenter in October 2005 at the private television station ATV. In 2007, Zimmermann was nominated at the Austrian Romy award as 'Shooting Star of the Year.'
Apart from her work as a television host, Zimmermann also hosted the morning radio show at Radio Energy 104.2 and worked as a model.
In April 2009 she changed to the Austrian national public service broadcaster ORF, where she got headhunted while an ATV program presentation. After many castings she enforced and got the job as host at the regional show "Niederösterreich heute".
On February 7, 2011, the news came out, that Zimmermann will be a part of the 6th season of Dancing Stars. She came into the 7th round, where she got eliminated.
In July 2011, Cathy Zimmermann announced, that she will leave the ORF Niederösterreich at the end of the year. The reason for that decision was her mother, who had almost died because of an ileus. In the future, Zimmermann wants to devote her time more to enter- and infotainment, as the news but she still want to host some shows. 
Since 2012 she volunteers in an austrian hospice as a carer for terminally ill people once a week and is part of school projects in which she talks about hospices and loss experiences with kids and teenagers.
For her engagement she received a medal of honor in gold from the "Albert Schweitzer Gesellschaft".
She will play the leading role "Jane" in the upcomimg apocalyptic webtv series "after hell" which is an austrian, english and american production including the two american actors Dirk Benedict and Richard Hatch.
Private life.
Cathy Zimmermann was born in Vienna and is an only child. She was in a relationship with the "ZiB 20" host Roman Rafreider.

</doc>
<doc id="31222793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222793" title="Hausberg Gondola Lift">
Hausberg Gondola Lift

The Hausberg Gondola Lift () runs from Garmisch-Partenkirchen () in South Germany up to the Hausberg mountain () and the "Classic" ski area of Hausberg-Alpspitze. It belongs to the Bayerische Zugspitzbahn company and is only operated in winter.
The old Hausberg cableway built by PHB went into service in 1969. It was a cable car with two cabins, each with a capacity of 70 people, and operated until the end of the 2005/06 winter season. For the 2006/07 winter season it was replaced by a gondola lift by Doppelmayr. It has a length of and climbs a height of . With its 66 cabins by CWA each for 8 people it has a transport capacity of 2,400 passengers an hour. The thick carrying cable runs over 15 pylons. It is driven by an electric motor in the valley station and held at a constant tension by hydraulic tensioning apparatus in the valley station. The garage for the cabins is in the mountain station.

</doc>
<doc id="31222800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222800" title="Kathrin Menzinger">
Kathrin Menzinger

Kathrin Menzinger (born 24.September 1988 in Vienna) is an Austrian dancer
Biography.
She started to dance at the age of 3, first with ballet, but soon changed to Ballroom and Latin dancing.
Together with her brother, Patrick Menzinger, she won numerous Junior- and Youth national Dancesport Championships 
in Austria during the years 1999 - 2004.
In 2004, she changed her partner and teamed up with the Canadian dancer Vadim Garbuzov, with whom she reached
the final of the WDSF World Youth Ten Dance Championship 2005 in Antwerp (Belgium). 
2006 they won the Austrian National Ten Dance Championship, and in the same year they managed to reach the Semifinal of the 
World Ten Dance Championship in Moscow.
Due to an injury she had to leave competitive dancing for two years, but came back in 2009, and placed 4th in the European Cup Ten Dance 2010 in Minsk (Belorussia).
In 2011 she started her TV-career by starring in the Austrian version of the BBC-format Strictly come dancing, called
"Dancing Stars", as a professional dancer, teaming up with the Austrian Journalist and Comedian Dieter Chmelar.
In July 2011 she and her partner Vadim Garbuzov also appeared in the ORF-production " Night of the Stars ",
which brought them an entry in the International Movie Database IMDb.
2012 she took part in the 7th season of "Dancing Stars" in Austria again, this time together with the young Austrian actor David Heissig. In the 4th round they were eliminated.
2013 she teamed up with the Austrian musical Star Lukas Perman, they reached the final show and finished third.
In 2012 they started in WDSF Showdance competitions, and managed to reach the finals of the 2012 and 2013 World Championships in Beijing, and also the finals of the World Dance Sport Games 2013in Kaoshiung in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="31222802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222802" title="Vadim Garbuzov">
Vadim Garbuzov

Vadim Garbuzov (born 8 May 1987 in Kharkiv, Ukraine) is an Austrian dancer.
Biography.
Garbuzov, being born in the former Soviet Union, emigrated with his parents to Vancouver, Canada at the age of seven in 1994. There he started to dance, and from 2001 - 2003 he managed to win numerous titles in the Junior and Youth category in Latin and Ballroom dancing in Canada as well as in Ukraine. He represented Canada at Youth World Championships, before relocating to Austria in search of a new dance partner.
In 2004 he found with Kathrin Menzinger from Vienna the right girl to continue his career, and they both were very successful in the following years. 2005 the won both the Latin and Ballroom Austrian Youth Championships, and could therefore represent Austria in all three Youth World Championships of the WDSF in this year.They were placed 12th in Latin, 17th in Ballroom, and reached the Final in the Youth Ten Dance World Championship in Antwerp (Belgium) in 2005.
2006 they had to change to the adult age class, and started very successfully by winning the Austrian national Ten Dance Championship, thus representing Austria again at the Worlds Ten Dance Championship im Moscow 2006. Here they reached the semifinal and were placed 10th.
In 2007 Vadim was awarded the Austrian citizenship, but had to interrupt his dance career due to an injury of his partner. He finalized his studies at the "Academy of Sports" in his hometown Kharkiv with a master degree as a Sports Trainer and Dance sport Coach in 2008.
2009 his partner Kathrin Menzinger was fit again, and in 2010 they reached another Final of an important Ten Dance Competition and were placed 6th at the European Cup in Minsk.
In 2011 he started his TV-career by participating in the Austrian version of the BBC-format Strictly Come Dancing, called "Dancing Stars". He teamed up with Alfons Haider,a well known Austrian actor and TV-host.They were the first male Dancecouple in this TV-format worldwide, and so the public interest in Austria and worldwide was rather great. Also in 2001 he starred together with Kathrin Menzinger in the ORF-Production "Starnacht am Wörtherseee"
which brought him an entry in the International Movie Database IMDb as a show dancer.
2012 he again took part in the 7th season of "Dancing Stars" in Austria, this time together with the Austrian singer Petra Frey. This time he won
the contest, and Petra and he are the "Dancing Stars 2012" in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="31222817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222817" title="The Fox Experience">
The Fox Experience

Matt Fox (a.k.a. "The Fox Experience") is a music producer, songwriter and engineer from Long Island, New York. 
He is best known as the writer and producer of the New York Jets Anthems, "Rex's Gang Green" and "Taking Back This Town". The song was covered by NFL.com, SportsCenter, "The Today Show" on NBC, CBS, Sports Illustrated, the Associated Press, New York Daily News, Newsday, Wall Street Journal, WCBS Radio, 1010 WINS, WOR and Metro Networks, among numerous online media outlets. It received the most radio airplay from legendary DJ Funkmaster Flex, fellow Hot 97 DJ and former Notorious B.I.G. producer, Mister Cee, as well as Boomer Esiason and Craig Carton of Boomer and Carton in the Morning. It also received airplay on ESPN Radio, Sirius/XM Radio, Fox Sports Radio, and SNY TV. 
The song was first performed live on Boomer & Carton on January 13, 2011.
It was performed live again on Boomer & Carton on December 22, 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="31222822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222822" title="E. Harold Hallows">
E. Harold Hallows

E. Harold Hallows (April 20, 1904 – September 11, 1974) was an American jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, Hallows graduated from Marquette University and received his law degree from the University of Chicago Law School. Hallows practiced law in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and taught at the Marquette University Law School. In 1958, Hallows was appointed to the Wisconsin Supreme Court and became chief justice of the court in 1968 serving until his retirement in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31222838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222838" title="Kordelio-Evosmos">
Kordelio-Evosmos

Kordelio–Evosmos () is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is in Evosmos.
Municipality.
The municipality Kordelio–Evosmos was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31222846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222846" title="Bayer Esporte Clube">
Bayer Esporte Clube

Bayer Esporte Clube, commonly known as Bayer, was a Brazilian football club based in Belford Roxo, Rio de Janeiro state.
History.
The club was founded on June 1, 1962. Bayer won the Campeonato Carioca Second Level in 1993. They competed in the Série C in 1995, when they were eliminated in the Second Stage by Lousano Paulista. The club finished as runner-up in the 1995 Campeonato Carioca Second Level, losing the competition to Barra Mansa, the club was supposedly to be promoted to the Campeonato Carioca, but the Rio de Janeiro State Football Federation canceled the promotion, and because of that, Bayer closed ints professional football department.
Stadium.
Bayer Esporte Clube played their home games at Estádio Bayer Esporte Clube.

</doc>
<doc id="31222848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222848" title="Sandra Gomis">
Sandra Gomis

Sandra Gomis (born November 21, 1983 in Saint Nazaire, France) is a French track and field athlete who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="31222851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222851" title="Christopher Davidson">
Christopher Davidson

Christopher Davidson is Reader in Middle East Politics and a Fellow at Durham University in the UK. 
A graduate of Cambridge University, he completed his doctorate at St Andrews University in Scotland. He has appeared in various media outlets worldwide. 
Chris Davidson has publicly spoken out against the bank fraud scheme in Dubai perpetuated by an American, British, Pakistani, and Turkish fraud cell aimed at scamming Middle Eastern banks. He says "Some might say that it's evidence of the anti-corruption drive, but again, where are the Emiraatis?" resulting in popularity in Mid East circles. 
Christopher Davidson received attention for his prediction that many expatriate investments in Dubai and Iraq may see substantial losses. He analyzes and accurately predicted outcomes in 2009. 
Christopher Davidson's monograph "Dubai: The Vulnerability of Success" was published by Columbia University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="31222872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222872" title="92nd Field Artillery Regiment">
92nd Field Artillery Regiment

The 92nd Field Artillery Regiment is an field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 5/32 inches (2.94 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, a pallet rompu Or, in sinister fess a dexter mailed clenched fist, couped at the wrist Proper. Attached below and to the sides of the shield a Red scroll inscribed “BRAVE CANNONS” in Gold letters. 
Scarlet and yellow are the colors used for Artillery. The mailed fist symbolizes the armored attack of the organization. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 92nd Armored Field Artillery Battalion on 20 June 1942. It was redesignated for the 92d Artillery Regiment on 12 November 1958. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 92d Field Artillery Regiment.
Coat of arms.
Gules, a pallet rompu Or, in sinister fess a dexter mailed clenched fist, couped at the wrist Proper. 
On a wreath of the colors Argent and Gules a castle of the first with entrance arch Sanguine and two turrets inflamed Proper the battlements between the turrets supporting a Rose of Sharon also Proper and in base a bow fesswise Sable with drawstring Or armed with a fire arrow point up palewise inflamed all Proper. 
Motto
BRAVE CANNONS. 
Scarlet and yellow are the colors used for Artillery. The mailed fist symbolizes the armored attack of the organization. 
The fire arrow hurled from an arbalest, an early artillery weapon, symbolizes the mission of the battalion. The shape of the bow further alludes to the Battle of the Bulge in which the unit participated. The flames refer to the fire support provided in the Normandy invasion for which they were awarded the Presidential Unit Citation. The arrow further alludes to their assault landings and the medieval castle traditionally represents the areas in which the unit fought during World War II: Europe, France and Germany. The Rose of Sharon (the Korean national flower) symbolizes service in Korea for which they were awarded the Korean Presidential Unit Citation. 
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 92nd Armored Field Artillery Battalion on 24 June 1942. It was redesignated for the 92d Artillery Regiment on 12 November 1958. It was amended to add a crest on 19 October 1965. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 92d Field Artillery Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="31222883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222883" title="Saint-Inglevert Airfield">
Saint-Inglevert Airfield

Saint-Inglevert Airfield is a general aviation airfield at Saint-Inglevert, Pas-de-Calais, France. In the First World War an airfield was established near Saint-Inglevert by the Royal Flying Corps, later passing to the Royal Air Force on formation and thus becoming RAF Saint Inglevert.
In 1920, a civil airfield was established on a different site which was a designated customs airfield. During the Second World War, Saint-Inglevert was occupied by the Royal Air Force and the "Armée de l'Air". The airfield was captured by the Germans towards the end of the Battle of France and occupied by the Luftwaffe. It was abandoned in 1941, but in 1943 field artillery units were based around the airfield as part of the Atlantic Wall. Although civil flying returned to Saint-Inglevert post-war, the airfield was abandoned in 1957 and returned to agriculture. It was reopened by l'aéroclub du Boulonnais () in 1986.
Location.
Saint-Inglevert airfield is located on a hill to the north west of the village of Saint-Inglevert, and east of Hervelinghen. It lies south west of Calais.
History.
First World War.
There was a Royal Flying Corps airfield at Saint-Inglevert during the First World War, but not on the site of the current airfield. In April 1918, No. 21 Squadron Royal Air Force (RAF) were based at Saint-Inglevert, flying Royal Aircraft Factory R.E.8 aircraft. From 29 June to 23 October, No. 214 Squadron RAF were based there flying Handley Page O/400s, and in November, they were replaced by No. 115 Squadron RAF, who were flying the same type of aircraft. Two more squadrons, No. 97 Squadron RAF and No. 100 Squadron RAF, were based there from 17 November, to be joined by two squadrons of the United States Navy in 1918, flying Sopwith Camels. All Royal Air Force squadrons departed from Saint-Inglevert on 4 March 1919.
Between the wars.
In 1920, an airfield was established at Saint-Inglevert on a different site to the former military airfield. Facilities developed over the years to include two hangars, customs facilities and ultra short wave radio. In March 1920, a Notice to Airmen was issued stating that Saint-Inglevert was open and fuel, oil and water were available, but there were no hangars or repair facilities. A proposal to designate Saint-Inglevert as a customs airfield in order to relieve Le Bourget of some of its workload was made in April 1920. Facilities then in existence included hangars, repair facilities and a radio station. Later that month, it was notified that an aerial lighthouse had been installed at the airfield, flashing the Morse letter A, and Saint-Inglevert became a customs airport on 20 May. By July, the provision of ground signals at Saint-Inglevert had begun. A arrow was displayed indicating the wind direction. In August, it was reported that Saint-Inglevert was sending weather report by radio seven times a day to Le Bourget. By October, aids available included a windsock and a landing T. Requirements for aircraft to perform clockwise or anticlockwise circuits when landing were indicated by the flying of a red or white flag respectively. The aerial lighthouse was reported to be out of action in November 1920.
It was notified that the road forming the eastern boundary of the airfield was to be marked by a series of posts high, surmounted by vertical white discs in diameter, in January 1921, and the following month, a Notice to Airmen issued in the United Kingdom stated that radio communication with Saint-Inglevert was to be in French. As part of a series of trials to assess the viability of civil aviation in France, a Farman F.60 Goliath flew a test flight carrying of cargo on 1 May. Three laps of a circuit Paris - Orléans - Rouen - Saint-Inglevert - Metz - Dijon - Paris were flown. Saint-Inglevert was one of the designated landing places for the 1921 "Coupe Michelin", an aerial Tour de France with a ₣20,000 prize. In November, a Compagnie des Messageries Aériennes aircraft called at Saint-Inglevert to collect a cargo of six 18-pounder and three 4.5–inch live shells for onward transmission to Croydon Airport in Surrey, United Kingdom. In a paper read to the Royal Aeronautical Society on 17 November, Colonel Frank Searle, managing director of Daimler Airway, criticized the organization of Saint-Inglevert and Le Bourget.
In or about March 1922, the wireless station at Saint-Inglevert was destroyed in a fire. A meeting of airlines and the British Air Ministry in April following the first mid-air collision of airliners on 7 April at Thieuloy-Saint-Antoine, Oise resulted in a number of resolutions being passed with the intention of improving the safety of aviation, one of which was that the Saint-Inglevert wireless station should be replaced. The aerial lighthouse at Saint-Inglevert was in operation again by 11 April, when a test flight was flown at night on the British part of the London - Paris air route. The aircraft flew as far as Saint-Inglevert before turning back and landing at Lympne, Kent. In December, a Notice to Airmen stated that a portable searchlight was in operation at Saint-Inglevert by prior arrangement for aircraft landing at night, and that the "T" was illuminated at night.
In April 1923, a ₣25,000 prize (then worth £360) was offered by the daily newspaper "Le Matin" for the first French aviator to fly from Saint-Inglevert to Lympne and back in one day in an aircraft of French design and construction, with an engine capacity of less than . Georges Barbot won the prize when he completed the journey during the evening of 6 May in a Dewoitine aircraft fitted with a Clerget engine. It took him 2 hours and 25 minutes, including a 40-minute stop at Lympne while one of the struts supporting the undercarriage was repaired.
Imperial Airways were operating cross-channel services using Armstrong Whitworth Argosy aircraft in 1924, with the first stop in France at Saint-Inglevert. When an aircraft departed from Lympne for St Inglevert, the destination airfield was advised, and if arrival was not notified within two hours, the British coastguard was informed. Communication between the airfields used Carmichael Microway UHF transmitters. A new system was introduced for non-radio aircraft crossing the English Channel in August. Aircraft crossing from Lympne to Ostend, Belgium had to make a circuit of the airfield at an altitude of , while two circuits were made if departing for Saint-Inglevert. The destination was then informed by radio of the departure. Arrival was confirmed by the aircraft flying another circuit, and was then reported back to Lympne by radio. If the aircraft had not arrived within an hour of departure, it would be considered as missing. A similar arrangement applied for aircraft flying in the reverse direction. In September, Saint-Inglevert was one of the landing points for an aerial "Tour de France", in which a specified route had to be flown on a course. Sixteen aircraft competed in four classes.
The airfield has been involved in several aviation records. On 18 September 1928, Juan de la Cierva completed the first cross-Channel flight in an autogyro when he landed there after departing from Lympne in a Cierva C.8. Lissant Beardmore completed the first cross-Channel flight in a glider on 19 June 1931. He took off from Lympne and was towed by an aircraft to an altitude of , landing at Saint-Inglevert after a flight of one and a half hours to the surprise of the airfield manager. The first double crossing of the Channel in a glider was made by Austrian Robert Kronfeld on 20 June. In a glider called "Wien", he took off from Saint-Inglevert by means of an aero-tow to an altitude of , and landed at the former RAF Swingfield airfield near Dover, Kent. From Swingfield, another aero-tow to an altitude of enabled him to return to Saint-Inglevert. Kronfeld received a £1,000 prize from the "Daily Mail" for his flights, which were verified by the British Gliding Association. On 10 September 1929, Charles Fauvel departed from Saint-Inglevert in a Mauboussin aircraft fitted with an ABC Scorpion engine. The flight to Pau set a new Fédération Aéronautique Internationale world record for distance flown by a single seat aircraft weighing less than .
In November 1932, it was reported that new radio equipment was to be installed at Lympne and St Inglevert operating on the 15 centimetre waveband at 2,000 MHz, which would be used for the announcement of departures of non-radio aircraft across the Channel. Messages sent by radio were also printed out by a teleprinter, providing a record of the communication. The British Air Ministry and the French "Ministère de l'Air" co-operated in the arrangements for setting up the system, which was scheduled to come into operation in Spring 1933. It proved its effectiveness on 7 March 1933, when a non-radio de Havilland DH.60 Moth of British Air Transport failed to arrive at Lympne. The aircraft had ditched in the Channel and both occupants were rescued by a steamship bound for Amsterdam, the Netherlands. A new short-wave radio system came into operation on 16 January 1934, using equipment manufactured by "Le Matériel Téléphonique", Paris.
In the mid-1930s, a number of notable people used Saint-Inglevert Airfield. King Edward VIII made three visits, the first on 4 February 1935, while still the Prince of Wales, when he arrived from Fort Belvedere, Surrey on the first part of a journey to take a holiday at Kitzbühel, Austria. As king, he departed on 26 July 1936 to RAF Hendon on his return from the ceremony to unveil the Canadian National Vimy Memorial, and flew in from the Great West Aerodrome, Harmondsworth, UK on 8 August, in order to catch the "Orient Express" at Calais, as part of a holiday in Yugoslavia. Henri Mignet flew from Saint-Inglevert to Lympne on 13 August 1935, in his Flying Flea, then the world's smallest aircraft.
Second World War.
Following the outbreak of the Second World War, Saint-Inglevert was taken over by the "Armée de l'Air" in December 1939. "Groupe Aérien d'Observation 516" (GAO 516) of the "16ème Corps d'Armée" () were based here, operating five Potez 63-11 and five Breguet 27 aircraft, and carrying out air reconnaissance over the Nord-Pas de Calais region. "B" Flight, No. 615 Squadron RAF was stationed at Saint-Inglevert in the early months of 1940, equipped with Gloster Gladiator II aircraft. Following the discovery of a dismantled Morane-Saulnier MS.138 in one of the hangars, a wager was made between the British and French as to whether or not the aircraft could be returned to the air. With the aid of materials supplied by the French, the aircraft was made flyable, but when 615 Squadron received orders to relocate to Vitry-en-Artois, an attempt to fly the aircraft to the new base was unsuccessful, and a forced landing had to be made in a field. On 10 May 1940, the airfield was attacked by the Luftwaffe, with over 110 bombs being dropped, resulting in a Breguet being destroyed, another Breguet and a Potez being severely damaged and the radio facilities being temporarily put out of action.
During April 1940, No. 607 Squadron RAF was based at Saint-Inglevert, flying Gloster Gladiator Mk II HR aircraft. The military commander General Maxime Weygand visited the airfield on 21 May, and ordered 516 GAO to prepare to evacuate as the Germans were in the neighbouring Somme "département". The following day, the order came to evacuate to Boos airfield, Rouen, Haute-Normandie, but only four of the ten aircraft that departed from Saint-Inglevert arrived safely at Boos. All aircraft carried as many passengers as could be accommodated. Two Potez 63-11's and a Bloch MB.152 were abandoned at Saint-Inglevert, and were destroyed to prevent their use by the enemy, as were supplies of fuel. Personnel from 516 GAO were evacuated from Dunquerque on the , although nineteen of them were killed when the ship struck a mine and sank.
Saint-Inglevert was captured by the Luftwaffe towards the end of the Battle of France. "1 Gruppe, Lehrgeschwader 2" moved in on 20 June, equipped with Messerschmitt Bf 109 aircraft. They departed for Jever, Germany, on 12 July, and were replaced by "1 Gruppe, Jagdgeschwader 51", also equipped with Bf 109s. From August until November Stab JG 51 were in occupation, and "Aufklärungsgruppe 32(H)" aircraft were also based at Saint-Inglevert during this period, with the unit operating Henschel Hs 126 parasol monoplanes. On 30 July 1940, Saint-Inglevert was bombed by the Royal Air Force, who claimed that hangars and aircraft were damaged, and a subsequent raid on 19 August resulted in a fire, smoke from which could be seen in Kent.
From 24 September to 5 November, "2 Gruppe, Jagdgeschwader 27" were based there. Facilities at the airfield were improved, by erecting new hangars and constructing a new concrete runway. On 27 December 1940, Saint-Inglevert was again bombed by the Royal Air Force. The airfield was largely abandoned by 1941, with occasional use by Junkers 52s as a refuelling station.
In 1943, the airfield was designated as "Stützpunkt 134 Paderborn", housing defence units as part of the Atlantic Wall coastal fortifications. The units were equipped with 10.5 cm leFH 18 howitzers. During the winter of 1943-44, 10.5 cm leFH 324(f) howitzers replaced the leFH 18s. A number of concrete bunkers were constructed to house the guns, which were still standing around the airfield in October 2007. Following Operation Overlord at the start of the Allied invasion of western Europe, the Germans committed various acts of sabotage on departure from Saint-Inglevert.
Post-war.
Post-war, the airfield was restored to operational condition and civil flying returned. On 10 April 1957, a report was published which resulted in the abandonment of Saint-Inglevert in favour of an airport east of Calais. The airfield was returned to agriculture.
In 1986, "l'aéroclub du Boulonnais" took over Saint-Inglevert following closure of their previous base at Ambleteuse. Since its closure, the runway had been used as a dump for old tyres and scrap vehicles, and it took three years to restore the airfield, which reopened on 30 July 1989. On the night of 5–6 April 2010, a fire in a hangar at Saint-Inglevert destroyed the hangar and eight aircraft. The destroyed aircraft were replaced by a Robin DR300, a Robin DR400, a Piel Emeraude CP3005 and a Jodel D195. A Piper PA-28 was also acquired which needed restoration to make it airworthy. The replacement aircraft were housed in a tent hangar erected on the airfield, or temporarily outstationed at Calais or Le Touquet. A new hangar, replacing the one destroyed by the fire, was officially opened on 30 March 2012, and can accommodate ten aircraft. Following the fire, a NOTAM was issued temporarily restricting the use of the airfield until 15 November 2010 to aircraft based there. On 26 August 2010, Saint-Inglevert was given the ICAO identifier LFIS, allowing it to be classed as a public airfield instead of a private one. This had taken ten years to achieve.

</doc>
<doc id="31222888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222888" title="Medal for the Defence of Kelat-I-Ghilzie">
Medal for the Defence of Kelat-I-Ghilzie

The Kelat-I-Ghilzie Medal, is a campaign medal issued by the British East India Company, to the defenders of the fort at Kelat-I-Ghilzie during the First Anglo-Afghan War.
History.
After the Massacre of Elphinstone's Army, the only forces left in Afghanistan were at Jalalabad and Kelat-I-Ghilzie, a fort between Kabul and Kandahar. The garrison numbering 950 consisted of Shah Shoja's 3rd Infantry Battalion, three companies of the 43rd Bengal Native Infantry, forty European gunners, sixty Bombay Sappers and Miners, and eight British officers, all under the command of Captain John Halket Craigie. For most of the winter, the garrison was besieged under very difficult circumstances. Finally, on 19 May 1842, a force was sent to draw off the garrison and relive them from their post. Before the relief force arrived, the garrison repulsed one final major attack by some six thousand Afghans on 21 May 1842. A few days after this attack the garrison was finally relieved by the forces under Sir William Nott, on 26 May 1842. For the courage displayed by the garrison at Kelat-i-Ghilzie, the East India Company, on 4 October 1842, authorized the medal to be awarded to all troops who participated in the protracted siege. A testament to the distinguished service of the native troops is evident in the fact that the troops of Shah Shoja's 3rd Infantry Battalion were taken into the Bengal Army as the The Kelat-i-Ghilzie Regiment.
Description.
The medal was minted of silver. The design of the obverse contained a laurel wreath with mural crown at the top of a shield with the inscription KELAT-I-GHILZIE. The reverse has a trophy of arms on top of a plaque bearing the inscription 'INVICTA MDCCCXLII'. The medal is suspended by a pin, which passes through a steel clip attached to the top of the medal. The ribbon is the watered rainbow colored ribbon common to most East India Company medals. It is red on the left edge fading into white, which changed to yellow in the center, fading back to white, until finally changing to blue at the right edge. The medals were engraved with the name of the recipient in script on the edge for the medals issued to British personnel. The medals issued to the indigenous troops were not engraved with names.

</doc>
<doc id="31222900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222900" title="Marksville High School">
Marksville High School

Marksville High School home to the Marksville Tigers. Located in the city of Marksville, Louisiana. It is a 7th through 12th grade school with 878 students enrolled.
Academic performance.
The school had a 67.7% graduation rate in 2008–09, with a 39.5% drop out rate the previous school year. School Performance Scores (SPS) are given each year by the Louisiana Department of Education. The 2010-11 School Performance Score (SPS) was 65.5, a significant decrease from 2009-2010 which had a SPS score of 73.5. The SPS from 06–07 & 07–08 was 73.5, but declined to 70.1 in 08-09 academic year. Therefore the school has remained stagnate in growth and performance from 06-10, but the 2010-11 SPS scores mark a decline in growth and performance. Louisiana's goal is for every school to have a SPS of 120 by 2014.
Administration.
Marksville High School is run by the Avoyelles Parish School Board. The principal is Marvin Hall, and the Assistant Principle is Raxana Butler.

</doc>
<doc id="31222932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222932" title="Borskoye">
Borskoye

Borskoye () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="31222937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222937" title="2007–08 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup">
2007–08 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup

The 2007–08 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup was the 29th multi race tournament over a season for freestyle skiing and organised by FIS. The season started on 13 December 2007 and lasted until 16 March 2008. The FIS Freestyle skiing season included moguls, ski cross, aerials and half-pipe.

</doc>
<doc id="31222961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222961" title="Alexander Tarasov-Rodionov">
Alexander Tarasov-Rodionov

Alexander Ignatyevich Tarasov-Rodionov (), October 7, 1885 – September 3, 1938, was a Russian/Soviet writer.
Biography.
Alexander was born in Kazan where his father was a surveyor. He studied law at the University of Kazan. In 1905 he joined the Bolshevik party. He was drafted in 1914, and became an officer. He participated in the Russian revolution of 1917 as a Bolshevik. He later worked as a magistrate and was involved in setting up the literary organizations "Kuznitsa" (The Smithy) and RAPP. 
He began writing after the Russian Civil War. His works were printed in proletarian magazines such as "October" and "Young Guard". His novel "Chocolate" (1922), which has been translated into English, was used against him after his arrest in 1937. A number of his other works, including "Grass and Blood" (1924) and his unfinished autobiographical trilogy "Heavy Steps" (begun in 1927) were considered ideologically incorrect along with "Chocolate". Upon being arrested he was accused of Trotskyism. He was executed in 1938 at Kommunarka. He was rehabilitated in 1952.
It should be mentioned that "Schokolade", the German translation of Chocolate, was burned by the Nazis during the extensive Nazi book burnings in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="31222964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222964" title="Loma Linda University Occupational Medicine Center">
Loma Linda University Occupational Medicine Center

The Loma Linda University Occupational Medicine Center (LLUOMC) is a patient-centered clinic that handles the occupational medicine needs of its parent organization (Loma Linda University Adventist Health Sciences Center), and those of local businesses in the Inland Empire of Southern California. It is staffed by board certified physicians who specialize in the care and health maintenance of workers in every occupation.
The clinic itself is located in Loma Linda, California and is housed on the east side of the Professional Plaza building adjacent to the Loma Linda University East Campus Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31222985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222985" title="Neapoli-Sykies">
Neapoli-Sykies

Neapoli–Sykies () is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece and part of the Thessaloniki Urban Area. The seat of the municipality is in Sykies.
Municipality.
The municipality Neapoli–Sykies was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31222986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222986" title="India Against Corruption">
India Against Corruption

India Against Corruption (IAC) was a populist anti-corruption movement in India.
Rise.
The official position of figureheads in the IAC movement was that it had no formal organisation beyond a 24-member core committee. In 2011, the mostly middle-class organisers of IAC determined to launch a campaign to mobilise the masses in support of a demand that they hoped would help to bring about a corruption-free India. Their proposal for the creation of a Lokpal (ombudsman) who would have had powers to arrest and charge government officials accused of corruption. They approached Ramdev, a populist yogi with millions of supporters among the middle-classes of small-town India, to be the figurehead for this campaign. His connections to the right-wing Sangh Parivar threatened to damage the credibility of what was nominally an apolitical movement. He was soon replaced by Anna Hazare, a veteran social reformer with a history of undertaking fasts in support of his causes. Hazare, too, brought a large support base with him, comprising mostly middle-class people from urban areas and idealistic youths. The urban sophistication of Hazare, compared to Ramdev's rusticity, attracted high-profile support for the campaign from Bollywood stars, the internet-savvy, and mainstream English-language news media. He, too, struggled to disassociate himself from Hindutva symbolism: hence, support from non-Hindus was less forthcoming.
Historian and commentator Ramachandra Guha has questioned the image that has been portrayed of IAC and of Hazare. Acknowledging that Hazare had previously been successful in campaigns for infrastructure reforms at the local level in his native Maharashtra and that the IAC campaign of 2011 had an impact, Guha doubts the claims that the 2011 and 2012 protests overwhelmingly engaged the masses. He notes that liberals were concerned with a perceived anti-democratic rhetoric while socially oppressed communities, such as the dalits and Other Backward Classes, were worried that the Hindu-led movement would undermine the gains they have made through legislative reforms, such as those resulting from the Mandal Commission. He considers that the attention given to the protest by 24-hour news channels and internet resources has masked the realities, such as that popular participation at the Jantar Mantar and Ramlila Maidan protests in Delhi was a fraction of that evidenced in Kolkata in 1998 when 400,000 marched in an anti-nuclear movement. IAC and Hazare in particular piggy-backed on and gained from discontent surrounding some coincident corruption scandals involving the government. These scandals, such as the 2G spectrum scam, were high-profile examples of the corruption that is claimed to be endemic in Indian society at all levels but Guha believes the IAC solution — the Lokpal — was a "simplistic" reaction.
According to the present IAC, which dates itself back to 2006, the name "IAC" came to be used in 2007 for a movement to monitor accounts of the Commonwealth Games of 2010. Between 2007 and 2010 this movement filed a series of coordinated Right to Information (RTI) requests to gaint information from the Government and Games Organising Committees.
According to the HRA-related IAC, in 2010 the name "India Against Corruption" was adopted by the PCRF of Arvind Kejriwal for a wider popular movement against the excesses of Congress, but turned into a campaign for a JanLokPal (ombudsman) Bill, which was not supported by the 2006-IAC.
Divergence.
Those at the head of IAC became known as Team Anna. In late 2012, there was a split in the IAC movement caused by differences of opinion among the central figures regarding its lack of practical success and how much this might have been due to its unwillingness to be directly engaged in the political system. An IAC survey had suggested that direct involvement in politics was preferable, leading to Arvind Kejriwal and some others splitting to form the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in order to cause change from within the system. Hazare rejected the survey findings.
Hazare had announced that he was disbanding Team Anna in August 2012, around the time that the divisions were coming to a head. In November 2012, after the split, he said that he was forming a new Team Anna, that it would retain the label of India Against Corruption and that its members were discussing other societal issues that they might address.
The new Team Anna, sometimes referred to as Team Anna 2.0, was preparing to tour the country from 30 January 2013, coinciding with the death anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. When that day came, Hazare announced that he had formed Jantantra Morcha, a campaigning group that included the previously-named members of Team Anna 2.0 and which he considered to be a replacement for IAC but with a broader agenda.
Notable people.
Notable members of IAC/Team Anna prior to the breakaway of the Aam Aadmi Party were:
Following the split with the AAP, notable members were:

</doc>
<doc id="31222996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31222996" title="Serhiy Voronin">
Serhiy Voronin

Serhiy Voronin (; born 24 March 1987 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Sevastopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Voronin began his playing career with FC Dynamo Kyiv's third team. He joined different clubs from Ukrainian Second and First Leagues. In 2011 he signed contract with PFC Sevastopol in the Ukrainian Premier League. Voronin made his Premier League debut entering as a second-half substitute against FC Shakhtar Donetsk on 3 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31223001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223001" title="Harry Colcord">
Harry Colcord

Harry M. Colcord was the manager of the distinguished stuntman Charles Blondin, most famous for being possibly the first person to go across the Niagara Falls by piggyback on another person, in this case Blondin, on August 17, 1859. He was from Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="31223004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223004" title="Sampaio Corrêa Futebol e Esporte">
Sampaio Corrêa Futebol e Esporte

Sampaio Corrêa Futebol e Esporte, commonly known as Sampaio Corrêa, is a Brazilian football club based in Saquarema, Rio de Janeiro state.
History.
The club was founded on February 20, 2006. Sampaio Corrêa won the Campeonato Carioca Third Level in 2009.
Stadium.
Sampaio Corrêa Futebol e Esporte play their home games at Estádio Elcyr Resende de Mendonça. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31223008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223008" title="UbiCare">
UbiCare

UbiCare provides a platform for researchers and health care providers to deliver important health information to patients via social media. One article dubs them “the first healthcare content marketplace” with a business model loosely based on Apple's App Store but focused in the healthcare industry.
The company uses evidence-based content and a platform for care providers to interact with social media users. As of 2011, more than 700 hospitals had already started using Facebook and web services. As more and more people use social media as their news source, companies that convey verified content such as UbiCare will be important for people to receive accurate information. 
Most notably, this company enables the public to receive credible health information through social networks. Health topics they cover include: Autism, Cancer, Diabetes, Heart Disease, and Obesity.

</doc>
<doc id="31223022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223022" title="Davis Community Church (Davis, CA)">
Davis Community Church (Davis, CA)

Davis Community Church is a Presbyterian Church (USA) congregation located in one of the oldest standing structures in Davis, California. Referred to locally as DCC, the church is a historical landmark centrally located in downtown Davis, just three blocks east of the University of California, Davis.
DCC's Vision: "Davis Community Church is, and seeks to become more fully, a congregation of Christians growing as a community in our identities as beloved children of God and becoming beacons of that love in the world. "Beloved of God, Let Us Love""
DCC's Values: "Love, Inclusiveness, Justice, Integrity, Engagement, Trust, Generosity, Stewardship, Discernment, and Discipleship"
Davis Community Church is a member of the Covenant Network of Presbyterians, a broad-based, national group of clergy and lay leaders working for a church that is simultaneously faithful, just, and whole. DCC is also a member of the Sojourners Faith & Justice Network.
History: 1800 - 1999.
Davis Community Church has a rich and storied history, beginning in the early 1800s when Presbyterian congregations met in rural homes and school houses in Yolo County. Following the incorporation of the Town of Davisville in 1868, First Presbyterian Church of Davisville was formally organized. A wooden frame church was built at a cost of $4,000 on the northeast corner of Fourth and E Streets. In 1875, the original building was sold and the church's second structure was built on the southeast corner of Fourth and C Streets.
The town of Davisville officially changed its name to Davis in 1907. The church was completely destroyed by a fire in 1924. That same year, the church helped to establish the Cal Aggie Christian Association, now an ecumenical Protestant campus ministry located on Russell Boulevard.
In 1925, the church adopted the name "Davis Community Church." While maintaining its ties with the Presbyterian denomination, the church developed an ecumenical Protestant vision, declaring itself an interdenominational church, with ties to the Presbyterian, Methodist, and Congregational denominations.
In 1926, the present mission style sanctuary building was built at the northeast corner of Fourth and C Streets. Representatives of Baptist, Methodist, Episcopal, Congregational, and Presbyterian denominations attended the cornerstone laying ceremony. Just eleven years later, an arson fire led to structural repairs of the sanctuary, including the installation of a stained glass window based on William Holman Hunt's painting, "The Light of the World," above the choir loft. A 
The formal relationship with the Methodist and Congregational denominations ended in 1955, whereupon DCC became a solely Presbyterian congregation. However, it has maintained its ecumenical spirit and standing within the community to this present day, and has become a congregation committed to social justice and interfaith collaboration. 
In 1960, the Church Office was built, followed by the Christian Education wing of the church two years later. In 1974, DCC responded to an expressed community need for childcare by forming the Davis Community Church Nursery School, a parent cooperative offered to the larger Davis community. The Davis Community Church Nursery School continues to operate as a parent cooperative on the corner of Fourth and D Streets. 
Tragedy struck again in 1993 when an arson fire caused major damage to two new buildings under construction. The two buildings, the Fellowship Hall and Phoenix Hall, were re-built following the fire at a total cost of $1.8 million.
History: 2000 - Present.
Davis Community Church continues its 143 year history as a community-based church, with Presbyterians, Methodists, Lutherans, Episcopalians, Baptists, and others deeply involved in the congregational life. Davis Community Church is well known in the community for its programs in the areas of education, peace and justice, and compassionate care. 
Notable programs include:
Stephen Ministry: A program of lay people who are specially trained to provide one-on-one care to the bereaved, hospitalized, terminally ill, separated, divorced, unemployed and others facing a crisis or life challenge. 
Interfaith Rotating Winter Shelter of Davis: The Interfaith Rotating Winter Shelter (IRWS) was created by DCC and other faith communities in 2007 as a response to the shortage of emergency winter shelter beds in Davis, CA. The IRWS serves over 100 homeless guests annually and is supported by a volunteer corps of 1,300.
Davis ArtsPlay: Davis ArtsPlay was created by DCC in 2010 as an offering for families with young children. The Mission of Davis ArtsPlay is "to provide affordable and accessible experiences to encourage children’s creativity through arts play." Davis ArtsPlay is open to all, without regard for financial, emotional, physical or developmental barriers. 
Davis Empowerment Project: The Davis Empowerment Project (DEP) is a social entrepreneurial venture established by DCC, homeless individuals, and other community members. The Mission of the DEP is to "encourage self-esteem, value, worth and sense of purpose while empowering the homeless; provide service to our community and educate the public about homelessness; create a business that provides jobs for the homeless and returns wealth to the community; and support environmentally sound practices."

</doc>
<doc id="31223026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223026" title="The Very Best Is You">
The Very Best Is You

"The Very Best Is You" is a song written by Frank Stephens and Larry Shell, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in 1982 as the third single from the album "Surround Me with Love". The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31223035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223035" title="Eusebius (bishop of Milan)">
Eusebius (bishop of Milan)

Eusebius () was Archbishop of Milan from 449 to 462. He is honoured as a Saint in the Catholic Church and his feast day is August 12.
Life.
According to the writings of Ennodius, bishop of Pavia in early 6th-century, Eusebius was Greek. He probably participated, as bishop of Milan, to a synod held in Rome in 449 which condemned the doctrines of Eutyches, deemed to be heretic. Surely Eusebius was the addressee of a letter written by Pope Leo the Great and carried to Milan in 451 by Abundius bishop of Como and Senator, who were returning to North Italy from Constantinople. In 451 Eusebius convened a Provincial Council in Milan, attended by eighteen bishops, where the Tome of Leo was read and approved, and consequently the doctrines of Eutyches were condemned.
The main political event in Eusebius' episcopate was the 452 invasion of Italy by the Huns led by Attila. The Huns razed Aquileia and then moved East and sacked numerous cities such as Padua. They entered also in Milan where Attila occupied the imperial palace and set fire to a large part of the town, destroying also the cathedral of Saint Tecla. Eusebius, along with many citizens, fled from the Huns and left the town. They returned in Milan only when Attila was convinced by Pope Leo to retire. Eusebius led the reconstruction of the town, including the cathedral which was re-consecrated in 453 by Maximus II bishop of Turin (not to be confused with Saint Maximus of Turin) who for the occasion spoke the homely "De reparatione ecclesiae mediolanensis".
Eusebius died on August 8 of probably the year 462, and his remains were interred in the city’s basilica of St. Lorenzo Maggiore. His feast is celebrated on 12 August. A late tradition, with no historical basis, associates Eusebius with the Milan's family of the Pagani.

</doc>
<doc id="31223039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223039" title="Lamees Dhaif">
Lamees Dhaif

Lamees Dhaif (; born 26 June 1978) is a Bahraini journalist, active in the Bahraini resistance campaign. As early as 2009 she was in trouble, being summonsed to the Public Prosecutor's office after she had accused some judges of corruption.
She is renowned for political and social criticism, including satirical articles. She has written in various newspapers in the Persian Gulf region, and she has a column in Alyaum, one of the most important newspapers in Saudi Arabia.
Dhaif became famous when she presented a program on Al-Rai, a private Kuwaiti television channel which talked about taboo issues such as poverty, sadism, prostitution, corruption, and inequality. It also included social issues such as enslavement of foreign labor and problems faced by local women who are married to foreigners.
Dhaif is popular among youth and intellectuals, but her articles have always aroused controversy. A legal case was filed against her after she harshly criticized corrupt judges, however, the case was suspended because of pressure from both local and international organizations.
Dhaif is also a human rights activist and was a member of the Board of Directors of the Bahraini Journalists Association for three consecutive rounds. However, she resigned from the Association in protest at political reports issued by members from the Association. She faces fierce criticism, between now and then, because of her opposition to corruption.
She was chosen as an "agent of change" by CNN as one of 8 women in the Arab Spring who had supported the revolution in their country Because she has supported the revolution in Bahrain, she was threatened in so many ways. Various international entities like Freedom House have addressed the government to protect her. The Bahrain Press Association has also included Dhaif in their First Report on Press and Journalism in Bahrain from 1 January to 15 July 2011. She was among the journalists who were targeted by the government.
International human rights organisations that participated in the UN Human Rights Council’s Universal Periodic Review (UPR) of Bahrain in Geneva in May 2012 were alarmed at threats made against Bahraini civil society members, including Lamees Dhaif, who were present. During the UPR Working Group Session for the adoption of the report on Bahrain on 25 May 2012, UN Human Rights Council President Laura Dupuy Lasserre expressed concern about “a media campaign which is taking place in , identifying and threatening representatives of civil society who came to Geneva to participate in this review.” She emphasised that governments have the obligation to protect the rights of their people and called for Bahrain’s government to commit to that.
Dhaif had done lots of videoed reports and commentaries on the situatiuon in Bahrain.
She has presented and directed a program on Lualua television. It mainly portrayed what took place in her country in a sarcastic way.
In addition to her role in the media, Lamees Dhaif has also worked in collaboration with national and international figures on humanitarian issues for the well being of the Bahraini people. She is now the Chairman of Hope Defenders, a Geneva-based Organization supporting freedom of expression & democratic transformation in the Arab world. (Twitter: @Hopedefenders)
She has also worked on various charity campaigns to help needy families and unfortunate students who did not receive scholarships because of they belonged to a certain sect. Other campaigns also targeted detainees' and martyrs' families. She is well known in her country for embracing and helping the needy.
A few months after start of the revolution, Dhaif moved out of the country. Currently, she is living in London where she received political asylum. Although living in exile, Dhaif continues to use the tools of social media (Twitter & Facebook) in addition to YouTube to report on what is taking place in her country.
She continues to represent her country in international conferences and workshops including two sessions in the United Nations.
Honours.
Lamees Dhaif has won several awards including: Best Investigative Report in 2004, the Excellence Award in Journalism in 2008 (in the Second Regional Conference on Women), and was honored as best writer by the Women's Union in the International Women's Day in 2009. She was also awarded the Freedom of Speech Award from the Tully Center in New York in October 2012.
Dhaif was voted among the most popular women on Twitter in the Arab World according to the magazine "Arageek"

</doc>
<doc id="31223047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223047" title="Joseph Schleifstein">
Joseph Schleifstein

Joseph Schleifstein (born March 7, 1941) is a Polish-born American who survived Buchenwald concentration camp at the age of four, one of the youngest to survive the Holocaust. He was hidden by his father in a large sack, enabling him to avoid detection by SS guards when arriving at the camp. Other prisoners helped his father keep him hidden and Schleifstein survived until the Americans liberated the camp. After the war, Schleifstein and his parents emigrated to the United States. He did not discuss his wartime experiences for decades, even with his children. His case was discovered by chance in 1999, leading to a search for him and an eventual newspaper interview.
Survival.
Schleifstein was born Josef (Janek) Szlajfsztajn to Israel and Esther Szlajfsztajn in the Jewish ghetto outside Sandomierz, Poland during the German occupation. Schleifstein and his parents lived in the Sandomierz ghetto until it was evacuated in June 1942, after which they were moved to the Częstochowa ghetto, where his parents were likely put to work in the HASAG factory. Schleifstein's parents kept him hidden in cellars because Nazi guards would take children, too young to be used as laborers and therefore "useless", and send them to the gas chambers at Auschwitz. Schleifstein's memories of being hidden in cellars and dark places haunted him for years, causing him "terrible nightmares", giving him a fear of death and lifelong aversion to being in the dark.
In 1943, the family was deported to Buchenwald concentration camp. On arrival, Schleifstein's parents were sent to the right to become slave laborers and he was sent to the left, to the group of small children and elderly or otherwise deemed unfit for work, who were to be killed immediately. The 1947 American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (JDC) document that first brought Schleifstein's case to light, notes that “In the general confusion of lining up, however, Joseph’s father found a large sack and, with a stern warning to keep absolutely quiet, placed his 2 1/2-year-old child in it." The sack, containing the father's leather crafting tools and some clothing, allowed Schleifstein to be smuggled into the camp, undetected by the guards. Schleifstein's mother was sent to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. Those who had lined up on the left were all sent to their deaths.
For a time, Schleifstein was hidden by his father with the help of two anti-fascist German prisoners, but he was eventually discovered. The SS guards took a liking to him and came to treat him as a "camp mascot", having a small camp uniform made for him and having him take part in morning appells, where he would salute the guard and report, "All prisoners accounted for." Nonetheless, when there were formal inspections by visiting Nazi officials, Schleifstein had to be hidden and he said he was once lined up for execution but was saved by his father's intervention. His father was valued for his service making saddles and harnesses. Schleifstein also said at one point, he became very ill and had to live at the camp hospital.
Liberation.
Schleifstein and his father were liberated by the American army on April 12, 1945. Soldiers found over 21,000 prisoners at Buchenwald, including nearly 1,000 minors, mostly teenagers. Schleifstein was photographed numerous times when the camp was liberated, including one notable photo of him sitting on the running board of a United Nations truck. (See photo, above.) He and the other young children had nothing to wear because of the shortage of clothing, so they were made outfits from the uniforms of German soldiers. Schleifstein's memories of liberation were recorded by the JDC in the 1947 document. “Joseph recalls that day with joy for several reasons. First, because from that day on he no longer had to hide. Secondly, because he started getting ‘lots more to eat and drink.’ And thirdly, Joseph remembers this with greatest glee, because there were ‘lots and lots’ of rides that the Americans gave him on their tanks and jeeps.”
After liberation, the JDC arranged for Schleifstein and his father to get medical treatment in Switzerland. A few months later, they returned to Germany to look for his mother, eventually finding her in the town of Dachau. The family lived there for a time, then emigrated to the United States in 1948 with help from the JDC. While living there, he was interviewed by a journalist and photographed wearing his Buchenwald uniform. He also took part in the Buchenwald Camp trial, held in Dachau, Germany by an American military tribunal from April 11, 1947 to August 14, 1947. Schleifstein testified for the prosecution against the defendants, 31 former guards and camp officials. Of the 31 defendants, which included four inmates accused of crimes against other inmates, 22 were sentenced to death; the rest were sentenced to prison.
Schleifstein didn't talk about his experiences, even with his own children, until decades later. After the release of Roberto Benigni's movie, "Life Is Beautiful" about a child in a concentration camp, a JDC archivist came across records about Schleifstein while doing research for an exhibit. One of the photographs in the exhibit was by Wendy Ewald, of Schleifstein. A search by the JDC and The Jewish Week had but a few leads to go on, but after a month, Schleifstein was found, living in New York City. The family had settled in Brooklyn, where a second child was born in 1950. Israel Schleifstein died in 1956 and his wife in 1997. Joseph Schleifstein worked at AT&T for 25 years, retiring in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31223051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223051" title="Pavlos Melas (municipality)">
Pavlos Melas (municipality)

Pavlos Melas () is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece. It was named after the Greek hero of the Macedonian Struggle, Pavlos Melas. The seat of the municipality is in Stavroupoli. The mayor of Pavlos Melas is Diamantis Papadopoulos, supported by Panhellenic Socialist Movement.
Municipality.
The municipality Pavlos Melas was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of three former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
